NEW YORK  CNN  -- TED started as an experiment in convergence and somehow , miraculously , has morphed into a source of fascination , inspiration and learning for millions of curious souls all over the world . I showed up at TED for the first time 11 years ago and was exhilarated to find myself among people turned on by cool ideas . Geeks , designers , entrepreneurs , scientists , global activists -- viewed one way , they could n't have been more different . But everyone was curious ; everyone wanted to dig below the surface and have a real conversation about stuff that mattered . I fell in love with the event so badly that within a year , I 'd set my heart on acquiring it . It was the kind of thing you could devote a life to . Through a complicated series of events , I was able to do this in 2001 and transfer it into a not-for-profit foundation with the mission "  ideas worth spreading . " That 's made it natural for TED to gradually transition from being an exclusive club to a global community that anyone can participate in . The key step was our decision three years ago to start posting the conference talks online for anyone to see for free . Far from robbing the conference of its crown jewels , the move has been transformative , both for TED and for some of the speakers who have achieved an unexpected new form of celebrity . With audiences in the millions , they are helping redefine what it is to be a great teacher . It is thrilling to imagine them delivering insight and inspiration to knowledge-seekers old and young , rich and poor , in every corner of the planet . TED was founded in 1984 by information architect Richard Saul Wurman and his partners . They saw that the industries of Technology , Entertainment and Design -- the T , E and D of TED -- were converging and that an event covering all three could be uniquely interesting . So it turned out . The first TED showcased the brand-new Apple Macintosh and strange round silver shiny discs , the first CDs . The program generated huge excitement , but it was a commercial failure , Five years later , Wurman tried again , and since then it 's been held annually in California , with a growing number of spin-off events in other locations . But a strange thing happened over the years . The content of the conference became ever broader , incorporating scientists , business leaders , novelists , social entrepreneurs and movers and shakers of all stripes . We now seek out literally anyone who is remarkable from any discipline , provided they can find a way of powerfully sharing their passion with a general audience . Here 's why this works . Our world has gotten more complicated than ever . And most issues simply can not be understood by looking at them through a single lens . In the world 's race to specialize , we forgot that actually all knowledge is connected . Take the current economic crisis . The bankers and economists and politicians are largely stumped . To fight our way through this may well require ideas from much wider sources -- perhaps from systems architects and evolutionary psychologists , or from researchers dreaming up new energy sources or philosophers or activists questioning our basic priorities . Policies and politicians come and go , but great ideas last forever . And we live in an age where they can spread faster than ever . But there 's something else strange about TED . It turns out that if you spend a few days opening yourself to brilliance from multiple sources , not just intellectual but also aesthetic , something remarkable happens . You end up getting seized by a sense of possibility , excitement -- inspiration , even . Since taking over at TED , I 've been trying to figure out what that means and what can be done with it . One of our attempted answers is the TED Prize . Each year , we grant this award to three individuals with world-changing potential . They get $ 100,000 ... but more important , they are granted a wish under the following terms : "  No restrictions . Think big . Be creative . " At TED , they reveal their wishes to an audience ready to be inspired . This has led to a series of thrilling collaborative projects  they 're documented at tedprize.org  . This year has seen another surprising development in which tens of thousands of people around the world have gathered in more than 300 self-organized TED-like events . We call this program TEDx  see ted.com/tedx  . TEDx events have been held in 50 countries , in schools , companies , campuses and theaters . They range in scale from 1,200 college kids in Los Angeles , California , to a tiny battered church in the middle of Africa 's largest slum . The passion being put into these events is astonishing and proves a global interest in this new way of sharing knowledge and reawakening wonder . How big could this get ? Well , it depends on how many people are out there with a passion to learn and a willingness to help shape a better future . Certainly , CNN 's partnership is a big step forward for us , giving TED exposure to a vast global audience hungry for knowledge that matters . TEDTalks are n't usually about the story of the day . But the ideas they communicate will help shape the stories of tomorrow . Welcome to TED . Watch with an open mind ... and let your curiosity take you on a thrilling journey of discovery ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chris Anderson .	Curator says TED allows remarkable people to share ideas with global community Posting conference talks online has helped spread message , he says TED Prize gives three people $ 100,000 ; only requirement is to think big In new partnership , CNN.com will offer Ted Talk Tuesdays
CNN  -- A group of media companies on Wednesday asked a North Carolina judge to unseal court documents in a lawsuit involving the John Edwards sex-tape case . The motion by the media companies , which include CNN , does not seek public release of the sex tape or any intimate photos that might exist . Instead , it argues that most details in the case already have been made public by the parties themselves , and therefore the motions and depositions so far should be public records as called for under North Carolina law . Edwards , a former U.S. senator and Democratic vice presidential candidate in 2004 , has given a deposition in the lawsuit of his former mistress , Rielle Hunter , against former Edwards aide Andrew Young . Hunter , who bore a child of Edwards , is suing Young to reclaim materials that she says belong to her , including the alleged sex tape that involves Edwards . Superior Court Judge Carl Fox previously ordered the motion compelling Edwards to give his deposition , as well as the deposition itself , to be sealed from public disclosure . "  The public interest in Senator Edwards ' deposition and the other depositions in this case is significant , while the privacy interests of Senator Edwards and the parties -- who voluntarily participated in events of significant public importance and have widely and openly discussed all of the events underlying this litigation -- are negligible , " said the motion by the media companies . Young was a senior aide to Edwards who originally claimed that Hunter 's child was his own in an effort to shield Edwards from having to make the disclosure . Edwards eventually did acknowledge his paternity . His last public appearance was at the funeral for his wife , Elizabeth Edwards , who passed away last December after a six-year battle with cancer . Edwards also is under investigation about whether or not he illegally used campaign funds to cover up his affair with Hunter , a campaign videographer .	A motion is filed by media companies including CNN It does not seek public release of the sex tape Instead , it seeks depositions in the case to be made public
CNN  -- India will seek to become the No. 1 team in world cricket 's Test rankings with victory in the final match of the series against Sri Lanka starting in Mumbai on Wednesday . Mahendra Singh Dhoni 's team will seek to overhaul both current incumbents South Africa and their second-placed visitors and clinch a 2-0 victory in the series . "  It will be an added responsibility . Becoming the number one side is not important , we 've got to maintain our performance level , " the captain told the official International Cricket Council Web site . India will be without opener Gautam Gambhir , who scored centuries in the first two matches but will be absent due to his sister 's wedding . The inexperienced Murali Vijay is expected to win his second test cap as his replacement . Sri Lanka , meanwhile , have dropped spinner Ajantha Mendis as they seek to bounce back from the crushing innings defeat in Kanpur and register a first victory on India soil . Seam bowlers Nuwan Kulasekara and Dilhara Fernando are vying to take his place , having missed out as Sri Lanka employed a three-pronged spin attack last time out . The tourists will be hoping for a better showing from veteran world record-holder Muttiah Muralitharan , who has taken just five wickets at a cost of 396 runs in the series . "  Murali is a bowler who has done so much for Sri Lanka and can sometimes have an off day . That 's the way cricket goes , " captain Kumar Sangakkara told the Cricinfo Web site . "  That does n't mean he is any worse a bowler , he is still our best spinner and in my view the best spinner in the world . When you have that quality in the side you have to back that quality and that ability it 's no different for tomorrow . "  Murali is still the spearhead of our attack and we back him 100 % to turn it around and win a match for us . " Meanwhile , New Zealand 's star pace bowler Shane Bond has been ruled out of the rest of the three-match Test series against Pakistan after yet another injury setback . The 34-year-old was man of the match as he claimed eight wickets in the Black Caps ' 32-run win in the opener in Dunedin , his first five-day international in two years , but has suffered an abdominal tear . However , seamer Iain O'Brien expects to play in the second Test in Wellington starting on Thursday despite dislocating the middle finger of his right hand . Australia have called up Victorian fast bowler Clinton McKay for the second Test against the West Indies in Adelaide after Brisbane hero Ben Hilfenhaus was ruled out by a knee injury . Hilfenhaus took a five-wicket bag in Australia 's comprehensive innings victory within three days in the opening match , but is now battling to be fit for the final Test in Perth from December 16 .	India will seek to become No. 1 team in world cricket 's Test rankings Victory in third and final Test against Sri Lanka will lift hosts above South Africa New Zealand lose star paceman Shane Bond for rest of series against Pakistan Australia call up Victorian fast bowler Clinton McKay to replace injured Ben Hilfenhaus
CNN  Shiite Houthi rebels overtook the presidential palace in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , on Tuesday , marking what a government minister called "  the completion of a coup . " "  The President has no control , " Minister of Information Nadia Sakkaf told CNN as clashes raged . President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi was thought to be in his private residence at the time -- not in the palace . There were reports of clashes near the residence . And the Prime Minister 's residence was under attack from the street , Sakkaf said . The regime still controlled the city of Aden , and it closed the port of Aden as well as roads leading into and out of Sanaa , according to Yemeni state TV , which is controlled by the government . The global stakes are high . Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , the terror network linked to such attacks as the recent slaughter at French satirical publication Charlie Hebdo . AQAP also tried to blow up a plane landing in Detroit in 2009 . The battle against AQAP has helped make Yemen 's government a U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda . A power vacuum often benefits terrorist groups . The Yemeni government has been grappling with pressure not only from the Sunni Muslim AQAP but also from Houthi militants , Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni country . Seven things to know about Yemen "  We are the victims of corruption and false promises , " Houthi rebel leader Abdul Malik al-Houthi said in a televised address on a network controlled by Houthis and based in Beirut , Lebanon . "  The government did not respect the peace and partnership deal from September . We are trying to bring some legitimacy to the government . " He complained of economic struggles and poverty . Al-Houthi also said there is an international conspiracy to link Yemen to the attacks in Paris . "  Yemeni people have two options -- to move against the foreign agendas , or stand against them firmly since they seek to spread chaos in Yemen . This is why we moved with the Yemeni people though many powers inside and outside Yemen are angered . But the Yemeni people are with us and understand our goals , " he said . AQAP claimed responsibility for the Charlie Hebdo attack , and U.S. investigators have worked on the assumption that attacker Said Kouachi met the late American terrorist cleric Anwar al-Awlaki at some point in Yemen and received orders from AQAP , a U.S. official told CNN . Tuesday 's developments came a day after heavy fighting between government forces and Houthis left nine people dead and 67 others injured , Yemen 's Health Ministry said , before the sides agreed to a ceasefire . Gunfire could be heard sporadically across Sanaa on Tuesday . Unknown assailants fired shots Monday night at a U.S. Embassy vehicle in Sanaa , the U.S. Embassy said Tuesday . The shooters fired first into the air and then turned the guns on the vehicle , the embassy said . The vehicle carried U.S. diplomatic personnel and was at a checkpoint near the embassy at the time . No injuries were reported . The embassy is known to use SUVs that are recognizable as U.S. government vehicles . Two U.S. Navy warships moved into new positions in the Red Sea late Monday to be ready to evacuate Americans from the embassy if needed , a U.S. official with direct knowledge of the planning told CNN . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called on "  all sides to immediately cease all hostilities , exercise maximum restraint , and take the necessary steps to restore full authority to the legitimate government institutions . " Members of the U.N. Security Council were briefed by the U.N. special adviser on Yemen , Jamal Benomar , and later issued a statement expressing their concern about the crisis . They stressed that Hadi is the country 's "  legitimate authority . " "  The members of the Security Council emphasized that all parties and political actors in Yemen must stand with President Hadi , Prime Minister Bahah , and Yemen 's Cabinet to keep the country on track to stability and security , " the statement read . Houthis swept into the capital last year , sparking battles that left more than 300 dead in a month . In September , they signed a ceasefire deal with the government , and Houthis have since installed themselves in key positions in the government and financial institutions . But tensions flared again last weekend as Houthis said they abducted presidential Chief of Staff Ahmed bin Mubarak in Sanaa on Saturday . Osama Sari , senior media adviser to the Houthi movement in Yemen , said Houthis detained bin Mubarak because the President wanted to introduce a new constitution without the Houthis ' approval . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Salim Essaid and Susannah Cullinane contributed to this report .	U.N. Security Council meets amid crisis , calls for stability and security Houthi militants have taken control of the presidential palace , information minister says U.S. Embassy vehicle shot at while at a checkpoint in Sanaa ; no injuries reported
CNN  -- It 's a cottage industry lately . One week we led with CNN President Jon Klein being relieved of his duties . Another week it was Rick Sanchez getting the boot for his remarks about Jews . On Sunday , we 'll look at NPR 's decision to ax Juan Williams over remarks about Muslims that he made on Fox News . This is not shaping up as a left-right slugfest . While Fox has practically declared war on National Public Radio , many liberals from Salon editor Joan Walsh to CNN contributor Donna Brazile to Whoopi Goldberg of "  The View " criticized the radio network for axing Williams . It did n't help that NPR chief executive Vivian Schiller suggested he was seeing a psychiatrist . She later apologized . I 've known Juan since he was at The Washington Post , and his unpredictable views have a tendency to tick people off . He 's an African-American who got roasted by the liberal black community for backing Clarence Thomas against Anita Hill 's allegations . The decision to dump Williams , in my view , has as much to do with his Fox News connection as his admission that he gets nervous when he sees people in Muslim garb on his plane . I find those remarks unsettling , but do they constitute a firing offense ? We 'll tackle that question with the Chicago Tribune 's Clarence Page , CBS 's Chip Reid and commentator S.E. Cupp . We 'll also discuss the latest tensions between Republican candidates and the press . I 'll also have a wide-ranging conversation about politics and culture with New York Times columnist Frank Rich . Plus , how did Jon Stewart land President Obama as a guest , and is his upcoming Washington rally an appeal to moderation or sheer entertainment ? Time magazine critic James Poniewozik will join that discussion . That 's the lineup -- at least , if no one gets fired between now and Sunday morning .	Howard Kurtz is the host of CNN 's "  Reliable Sources " on Sundays NPR fired Juan Williams after he admitted he gets nervous seeing Muslims on his plane Other high-profile journalists have been fired recently for expressing opinions Kurtz : Decision to dump Williams has as much to do with Fox News connection as statements
CNN  The English football season is n't over until May , but you can bet your bottom dollar that Chelsea will finish top of the table . That 's according to a leading football simulator , which is predicting that Jose Mourinho 's team will pip defending champions Manchester City to the Premier League title . Football Manager is a computer game which allows players to take control of their favorite team . Using the game 's encyclopaedic database , which contains data on nearly a quarter of a million players from around the world , its makers have simulated the remaining matches of the 2014-15 campaign . This included factoring in the various injuries and suspensions EPL teams have picked up since the game 's initial release in November last year . And it 's Chelsea who emerged victorious , finishing three points clear of defending champions City in second place . Manchester United , under the guidance of Louis van Gaal , came in third ahead of Liverpool in fourth . This would spell disaster for Arsenal , who finished fifth in the fantasy table . If replicated in real life , it would Arsene Wenger 's team missing out on Champions League football for the first time in 18 years -- unless of course the London side win Europe 's premier competition . Arsenal faces Monaco in the last 16 next month with Chelsea and Manchester City also reaching the knockout stage . Despite their early season promise , and despite sitting pretty in third place in the actual league table , Southampton 's charge up the table will stutter and end in a seventh-place finish , according to the game 's manufacturers Sports Interactive . However , there is better news for City when the January transfer window is factored into the equation , a period during the season when European clubs can add to their rosters . The Football Manager team ran a second simulation which included speculated transfer targets for each team and in this version of the league it 's City who take the title from Chelsea on goal difference .	Computer game predicts Chelsea to win English Premier League Title holders Manchester City in runners-up spot Manchester United predicted to finish third under Louis van Gaal Chelsea tops current standings by five points
Another familiar Hollywood face bid farewell late Saturday -- actor Meshach Taylor . He died at age 67 at his Los Angeles area home , his agent Dede Binder said . Many may remember him from "  Designing Women , " where he played assistant Anthony Bouvier . Taylor had fought a terminal illness and faded markedly in recent days . His wife , children , grandchildren and mother surrounded him as he passed away , Binder said . "  It is with love and gratitude that we sorrowfully announce that our darling , amazingly brilliant and dynamic , Meshach , the incredible father , husband , son and friend has begun his grand transition , " the family said in a statement . Taylor made his screen debut in the 1978 movie "  Damien : Omen II . " He has appeared regularly in television dramas since , including the series "  In the Heat of the Night , " "  Hannah Montana , " and "  All of Us , " according to his profile on the Internet Movie Database . Most recently , he appeared in two episodes of Criminal Minds . The last one ran in January this year . During the run of "  Designing Women , " Taylor 's co-star Dixie Carter described him as "  a good man who is confident and strong . He 's absolutely grounded , " according to a profile in People . "  The eldest of three children of two former college professors , Taylor , a precocious child , first learned acting technique as a survival skill . ` The kids called me the Professor , and I got beat up a lot , ' he says . ` So I dummied up until I got into the 11th grade , ' " the profile read . "  Even when he did n't have any money , he always had style . He was on the cutting edge of men 's colognes , and he was always buying yachting magazines and GQ , " actor Joe Mantegna told the magazine . People we 've lost in 2014	Taylor fought terminal illness and died surrounded by his family He also appeared in the series "  Hannah Montana " and "  In the Heat of the Night "
CNN  -- Samsung Electronics announced plans Wednesday to file preliminary injunction motions in Paris and Milan , Italy , to block the sale of Apple 's iPhone 4S there . Samsung is accusing Apple of two patent infringement , both dealing with wireless telecommunications technology . It did not rule out filing preliminary injunctions in other countries as well . Apple could not immediately be reached for comment . Apple announced the latest incarnation of its smartphone -- the iPhone 4S -- on Tuesday . The two companies have been at odds , suing and countersuing , for several months -- both accusing the other of patent infringements . Apple claims Samsung 's Galaxy tablets and smartphones have copied its own successful iPad tablets and iPhones . Samsung denies the accusations and have made several of its own . The latest accusation Wednesday deal with the Wideband Code Division Multiple Access  WCDMA  standards for 3G mobile handsets . "  Apple has continued to flagrantly violate our intellectual property rights and free ride on our technology , and we will steadfastly protect our intellectual property , " Samsung said in a statement . Worldwide , millions of mobile phones carry CDMA technology while others carry GSM . By incorporating both in its new iPhone 4S , Apple said it intends for it to be a "  world phone , " working on any mobile network around the world .	Samsung accuses Apple of two patent infringements The two companies have sued and countersued each other in recent months
Washington  CNN  -- Florida Gov. Rick Scott refused to go onstage for the first seven minutes of a debate Wednesday night , because his opponent had a fan . No , not a rowdy supporter in the audience . An actual electric fan . Scott 's Democratic challenger , former Gov. Charlie Crist , had set up a small fan underneath his podium , apparently trying to keep himself from sweating under the Broward College stage 's lights . Scott saw the fan , a prop that often accompanies Crist at public appearances , as a violation of the debate 's rules and said he would n't participate . The moderators tried to explain the disagreement while Republicans in the audience chided Crist for breaking rules -- at least as Scott saw them -- against props on stage . "  We have an extremely peculiar situation right now , " moderator Elliott Rodriguez , a local news anchor , said as the broadcast started . "  Are we really going to debate a fan ? " Crist said while standing alone on stage . Several minutes later , Scott relented and joined the debate . "  That has to be the most unique beginning to any debate , " Rodriguez said as Scott walked onto the stage . From there , the moderators largely tried to ignore the episode . And on Thursday , Scott tried explain why his opponent needed a fan in the first place . "  I think he was sweating and he needed a fan . I 'm surprised he did n't try to ask for dry ice , " Scott said . That could have actually been a solution to the standoff that took up the first seven minutes of the debate because Scott 's protest flamed over Crist 's apparent disregard for a previous agreement that electronic devices would be banned from the stage "  I think he was probably worried about his track record , " Scott said , bringing up his campaign talking point that more than 832,000 people lost their jobs during Crist 's four-year term as governor during the Great Recession . But it had already sparked a social media firestorm , with Twitter users launching the hashtag " #fangate , " and a mock Twitter handle devoted solely to Crist 's fan -- @CCristFan -- had its moment in the sun . After the debate , the real Crist weighed in . " #fangate - what a night ! " he tweeted . "  Now , let 's get back to the issues that matter to Florida . " But fangate was all some people could think about . Many did n't know what to make of it . Democrats wanted to make sure no one missed it . Tampa Bay Times political writer Adam Smith wanted to know what Scott 's advisers could have been thinking . You can watch video of the beginning of the debate here . Update : An earlier version of this story misstated how many jobs Gov. Rick Scott said were lost in Florida while Crist was governor . CNN 's Jeremy Diamond contributed to this report .	Rick Scott refuses to participate in a debate because his opponent had a fan on stage The Florida governor eventually relents , joining the debate after seven minutes Former Gov. Charlie Crist , set up a small electric fan underneath his podium
CNN  -- An estimated 40,000 people in the United States are involved in professional dogfighting , an illegal blood sport with fight purses as high as $ 100,000 . The latest accusations against Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick and three other people highlight the problem . They are accused in an indictment that describes dogs being routinely executed if they did n't fight fiercely . The indictment was handed down Tuesday by a federal grand jury in Richmond , Virginia . The nightmare of dogfighting is growing , according to the Humane Society of the United States . John Goodwin , an expert on animal fighting with the Humane Society , says there are an estimated 40,000 professional dogfighters in the United States , involved in putting on fights and buying and selling fighting dogs . Watch what goes on at a high-stakes dog fight " But , Goodwin adds , there could be as many as 100,000 additional people involved in "  streetfighting " -- informal dogfighting , often involving young people in gangs . "  It 's far more pervasive than people think and it 's definitely been on the upswing in the past five to 10 years , " he told CNN . See how dogfighters operate and have their own language " Statistics from animal shelters give another indicator of the rise in dogfighting , Goodwin said . Fifteen years ago , 2 to 3 percent of the dogs coming into animal shelters were pit bulls ; now , he said , pit bulls make up about a third . At one shelter in Jersey City , New Jersey , Goodwin said , the figure is 65 percent , with 20 percent of them showing the scars that indicate they have been fighting dogs . A database run by animal advocacy group Pet-abuse . com , which collects reports of animal abuse , shows reports of dogfighting cases increased from 16 in 2000 to 127 in 2006 . The group has found 74 cases reported so far this year . Dogfighting is illegal in all 50 states . It 's a misdemeanor in Idaho and Wyoming , and a felony everywhere else . But in some states where dogfighting is a felony , it 's still perfectly legal to own a fighting dog or be a spectator at a dogfight . See where it 's legal to be a spectator " A bill signed by President Bush in May made the federal law against dogfighting tougher , by strengthening penalties to felony level . The law bans interstate commerce , import and export related to animal fighting activities . Violators can now be sentenced to three years in jail and a $ 250,000 fine . Previously the maximum sentence was a year in jail . Despite the laws , dogfighting is big business . Goodwin said it 's impossible to estimate the amount of money involved , but the purse for a top-level professional fight could be $ 100,000 . "  There are about a dozen underground dogfighting magazines , and about half a dozen ... registries that are exclusively used by either dogfighters or people that are fighting dog enthusiasts , " Goodwin said . "  You have an organized infrastructure for what is a criminal industry . " E-mail to a friend	Humane Society estimates 40,000 "  professional " dog fighters in U.S. Official says there could be an additional 100,000 "  street " dog fighters Purses at top-level dogfights may be $ 100,000 Dogfighting a felony in 48 states , a misdemeanor in Idaho and Wyoming
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Molly Bish 's father has often said that it probably took only eight minutes for his 16-year-old daughter to be abducted . Molly Bish was 16 and working as a lifeguard when she disappeared . Her remains were found three years later . It took three years before a hunter found her body , five miles away . Her tattered bathing suit was found with her scattered bones . It has taken nearly nine years for investigators to come close to a break in the case . Molly Bish worked as a lifeguard at Comins Pond in Warren , Massachusetts . Her mother , Magi Bish , saw a man in a white car as she dropped Molly off on the morning of June 27 , 2000 . She waved goodbye as she drove off . It was the last time Magi Bish would see her daughter alive . Shortly after 10 a.m. , another mother arrived at the beach with her children in tow . She found Molly 's backpack , lifeguard chair and beach towel . Her first-aid kit was wide open on a bench . But Molly was nowhere to be seen . Molly 's worried boss called police a few hours later . They mounted the largest missing persons search in Massachusetts history . There was no sign of her . "  Molly would never have abandoned her job or her post of her own accord , " said her sister , Heather Bish . John and Magi Bish slowly began to realize that Molly must have been abducted . Magi Bish could n't get the man in the white car out of her mind . He gave her an uneasy feeling when she dropped off Molly . She even waited until he drove away before she left herself . The worried mother gave police a detailed description . Investigators released composite sketches of a dark-haired man with salt-and-pepper hair in his late 40s . A man in custody for another case closely resembles the composite sketch , family members say . "  Over the years , there have been many persons of interest and leads , but nothing as promising as this one , " Heather Bish said . Authorities have questioned this man . Massachusetts State Police and the Worcester County District Attorney 's office are n't ready to name him a suspect . But he is in jail , the prime suspect in his girlfriend 's slaying . "  We questioned  him  about the Bish case based on a tip . We get hundreds of tips and we investigate and follow up on all of them , " said Timothy Connelly , spokesperson for the Worcester County District Attorney . Connelly would not comment on what the man told investigators . He grew up in the Warren area , his former wife said . She added that he lived neaby in Southbridge until shortly after Molly disappeared . Then he sold his house and moved to Florida with the girlfriend he 's now accused of stabbing and decapitating . The man often hunted and fished near Comins Pond , his family and friends said . His brother owned a white Chrysler similar to the car that Molly 's mother saw on the day she disappeared , said the man 's ex-wife . "  This is one of the first real leads we 've had in a long time that makes sense and I am very hopeful it 's the break we 've been looking for , " said Tom Shamshak , a private investigator hired by the Bish family . Shamshak added that investigators have been trying to find the man 's brother , who owned the white car . Police urge anyone having any information leading to the arrest of the person or persons responsible for Molly Bish 's death to please call their tip line at 508-832-9124 .	Lifeguard Molly Bish , 16 , disappeared on June 27 , 2000 Scattered bones , tattered swimsuit found three years later Man sitting in parked white car at pond made her mother uneasy Have information ? Please call 508-832-9124
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Spain on Sunday marks the eighth anniversary of the Madrid train bombings , this year embroiled in controversy over a decision by unions to hold nationwide protests over the economic crisis . Some of the usual anniversary observances will be held on Sunday to remember the 191 people killed and more than 1,800 wounded in the terrorist attacks on morning rush-hour commuter trains on March 11 , 2004 . But other observances , usually held on the day of the anniversary , will this year be pushed back a day , until Monday , due to the union protest . Spain 's anniversary observances in recent years have been subdued , without the King or prime minister attending , and without speeches or music . Authorities have said that 's in keeping with the wishes of the victims associations , who want the nation to remember but without undue fanfare . The ceremonies include placing of floral wreaths and long moments of silence . But for the first time , Spain 's two main unions have scheduled dozens of protests nationwide on the anniversary and that has prompted criticism from some conservative leaders who accuse the unions of disrespect for the victims . The unions have countered that some conservatives have repeatedly shown a lack of respect for the victims -- which included many workers and students killed or maimed in the attacks -- by fomenting unfounded conspiracy theories about the bombings . Spain 's two main unions -- the Socialist-leaning General Workers Union  UGT  and the Communist-leaning Workers Commissions  CCOO  -- scheduled the demonstrations on March 11 to protest against the new conservative government 's labor reforms , which unions say make it cheaper and easier to fire workers . The March 11 demonstrations follow union protests last month which drew large crowds nationwide . On Friday , the unions announced a general strike for March 29 . Spain 's jobless rate is nearly 23 percent overall , and nearly 50 percent for youth . Nearly 5.3 million Spaniards are out of work and the government has announced deep austerity cuts . The unions said the protest in Madrid will take a different route on March 11 than the protests last month , out of respect for the victims . The route on Sunday will avoid the Atocha train station , which took the brunt of the casualties , and the emblematic Puerta del Sol square in the city center . The UGT union has announced that Pilar Manjon , a leader of the largest victims association whose son died in the attacks , will join union members at the Atocha station on Sunday morning for a memorial observance , before the protest march . Nearby , in the Retiro Park , at a grove of trees planted in honor of the victims , the Association of Victims of Terrorism will hold a memorial . But Madrid 's regional government and Madrid 's city hall , both governed by conservative administrations , have decided to delay until Monday their annual observances . They will include a memorial ceremony in the Puerta del Sol , followed by a memorial in the monument to the victims at Atocha station . Spanish courts already have convicted 14 Islamic militants for their roles in the train bombings , along with four Spaniards convicted for trafficking in explosives used in the attacks . Additionally , seven other prime Islamic suspects in the attacks blew themselves up three weeks after the train bombings as police closed in on their hideout in a Madrid suburb . That explosion also killed a police officer and wounded various others .	Spain on Sunday marks the eighth anniversary of the 2004 Madrid train bombings 191 people killed in terrorist attacks on morning rush-hour commuter trains Unions criticized for holding nationwide protests over economic crisis on same day
CNN  -- Everyone knows that Super Bowl host New Orleans can throw a party better than almost any other city in the world . But If you ca n't get there anytime soon , know that the cities sending teams to Sunday 's game also know how to have a good time . San Franciscans cheering the 49ers will tell you they have much to celebrate outside of football season , including a food and coffee culture that just wo n't quit . So do the residents of underrated Baltimore , where you can grab a bushel of crabs but not talk too loudly about the long-departed Colts . That 's why CNN asked noted San Francisco chef and restaurateur Traci Des Jardins and CBS Baltimore weathercaster and personality Marty Bass for their must-do lists for their beloved cities . "  Super Gras " a big score for New Orleans First up : Bass , a fixture in Baltimore since he joined the CBS Baltimore team in 1977 . Where can you sneak away for an hour in Baltimore ? "  Head to Cross Street Market in South Baltimore/Federal Hill . It 's city-owned with many stalls and the home of Nick 's Seafood and the Samurai Sushi Bar . Totally local . Sit with Ravens Nation and eat a ton of local oysters , clams , crabs in season and other Chesapeake Bay delights . And of course the beer is cold . " Maybe you can steal a little more time -- a whole afternoon ? "  Go to Fell 's Point , our original seaport . The weekend afternoon music at the Cat 's Eye Pub is always good . Right next door at the Thames Street Oyster House you can have more delights from the Chesapeake . " If you can swing an entire day ? "  It 's time for museums , and we have two great ones . The Baltimore Museum of Art has a large collection of Cezanne and Matisse . It 's also home of the world-famous Cone Collection and in the modern wing , a killer collection of Andy Warhol works . After that , have lunch at Gertrude 's at the BMA . Again all local Chesapeake recipes from a fine chef named John Shields . Then head to the Inner Harbor and to the American Visionary Arts Museum . All outsider art . " What about a nearby overnight ? "  Hell , stay here . Great Italian and Greeks spots and some fine clubs . But if you must leave , head to Annapolis . Stay at the Maryland Inn and stroll America 's first capital and one of America 's great boating centers . " Trips for crime fiction lovers , including Laura Lippman 's Baltimore On the other coast Next up : San Francisco chef Des Jardins Her restaurants include Jardiniere and Public House in San Francisco , and Manzanita at the Ritz-Carlton in Lake Tahoe . Where can you sneak away for an hour in San Francisco ? "  Take a walk through the Ferry Building Marketplace and along the Embarcadero . You can do a bit of window shopping in the Ferry Building or buy any number of delicious local treats from some of the best food producers in the world . You can walk out of the building onto the back plaza and sit on a bench looking at the Bay Bridge and enjoy a quick lunch or a great cup of coffee . Or take a nice stroll along the Embarcadero and enjoy the views . " Maybe you can steal a little more time -- a whole afternoon ? "  Take a walk or hike at Lands End , part of the Golden Gate National Parks , located in the northwest corner of San Francisco . You can take a little walk or a fairly rigorous hike depending on any number of path choices along the way at Lands End . There are great views of the Golden Gate Bridge , Sutro Baths , the Legion of Honor and the Marin Headlands . " If you can swing an entire day ? "  Get lost in the beauty of Muir Woods , a National Park Service monument , where there are any number of hiking options . You can spend a day wandering through the beautiful paths . " What about a nearby overnight ? "  A trip to Sonoma to ` the other wine country . ' Stay at the Hotel Healdsburg or h2hotel , and enjoy the many great restaurants available in Healdsburg . The hotel has a great spa , and you can go on wine-tasting excursions at many of the great Sonoma wineries . " What would you recommend in these cities ? Share your suggestions in the comments section . Answers have been edited and condensed for clarity .	Sit with the Ravens fans in Baltimore 's Cross Street Market and enjoy seafood in season Head to Fell 's Point to see where famous shipyard helped build a young nation Eat your way through a San Francisco marketplace , then head to the city 's coastal parks
CNN  -- The Qatari capital , Doha , has been selected as host of the 2019 world athletics championships , the International Association of Athletics Federations  IAAF  announced on Tuesday . Doha was chosen ahead of U.S. candidate Eugene , Oregon and Spain 's entry , Barcelona at a IAAF meeting in Monaco . It is the first time in the history of the event that a Middle Eastern country has been chosen as host . "  It 's a privilege and honor to have the trust of the IAAF , " the leader of the Doha bid , Sheikh Saoud Bin Abdulrahman Al Thani said in a statement released on the IAAF website . "  I am very delighted that these championships are going to be in the region for the first time . "  I 'm confident that with the support of the IAAF we will organize one of the best world championships , " he added . The first world athletic championships were held at Helsinki in 1983 and have been held biennially since 1991 . Beijing 's "  Bird 's Nest " stadium -- host to the 2008 Olympic Games -- is set to host the event next year and will be followed by London in 2017 . "  I  am  sure that in Doha we will have a wonderful edition of the world championships , " said IAAF President Lamine Diack , in a statement . This is the second major world sporting event to be awarded to Qatar in recent years . In 2010 , FIFA selected Qatar to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup . Read more : FIFA embroiled in civil war	Doha selected to host 2019 world athletics championships Qatari capital beats off competition from U.S. and Spain Two most recent Olympics host , Beijing and London set to stage event in 2015 and 2017 Middle Eastern country also set to host FIFA World Cup in 2022
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- Venezuelan cable television providers dropped a channel Sunday that has been critical of President Hugo Chavez , citing violation of broadcast laws . Radio Caracas Television , which lost its broadcasting license in 2007 and became a cable-only channel , disappeared shortly after midnight on Saturday . RCTV was the only station that did not air the entire speech of Chavez during pro-government marches earlier on Saturday . Diosdado Cabello , director of the national agency regulating electronic media , had called on cable and satellite providers to stop offering channels deemed to be in violation of the law . Cabello said RCTV did not broadcast the Venezuelan national anthem as required and failed to provide warnings before programs featuring violence . The channel denied the violations in a news release Sunday . It said the move to drop it was illegal and questioned the National Commission of Telecommunications ' authority to regulate subscription-based TV . The government "  illegally targeted the subscription services by asking them to exclude RCTV International 's signal , " according to the statement from RCTV . The action by the regulatory agency is illegal because "  if the government believes that RCTV International has committed an infraction , what follows is to open an administrative complaint against the channel , giving RCTV International the opportunity to defend itself , as the constitution mandates and guarantees , " RCTV said . Five other channels were also taken off the air , according to the Venezuelan Chamber of Subscription Television . They were Ritmo Son , America TV , Momentum , American Network , and TV Chile . The chamber 's president , Mario Seijas , said the organization 's position was to comply with the telecommunication rules that are in place in Venezuela . Chavez has accused RCTV of violating broadcast laws and supporting a botched coup against him in 2002 . Before it lost its license in 2007 , it had been on the air for 53 years and was one of several private broadcast stations that openly criticized the government . Relations between Chavez 's government and private broadcasters have been tense . Last year , Chavez closed 32 privately-owned radio stations and threatened to close more than 200 others for a variety of infractions , including working with expired permits and operation by unauthorized personnel . The Venezuelan government says the closures are an effort to get all broadcasters to abide by regulations that are on the books , while station owners say the closures are politically motivated . The moves against the media have worried organizations that defend freedom of the press , as Chavez has also expressed support for legislation that would mandate prison sentences for people who commit "  media crimes . " CNN en Español 's Gustavo Valdes contributed to this report .	NEW : RCTV denies it violated law , says move to drop it from cable is illegal Radio Caracas Television had been critical of Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez Cable providers says RCTV violated broadcast laws Five other channels were taken off air
New York  CNN  -- Democratic Congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy of New York -- who ran for office after a gunman killed her husband and injured her son -- is drafting legislation that would ban the sale of high-capacity gun ammunition magazines to civilians in the aftermath of the tragic shooting in Tucson , Arizona . "  What we 're looking at is high-capacity magazines and nothing else , " McCarthy Press Secretary Shams Tarek told CNN , explaining the legislation would be streamlined to maximize odds of passage . A prohibition on the sale of ammunition magazines containing more than 10 bullets was part of the federal assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 . "  We 're hoping to introduce it this week , " said Tarek . The alleged gunman in Tucson fired a Glock semi-automatic handgun with a clip reportedly having the capacity for 31 rounds . Only after the gunman 's ammunition was spent and he tried to reload were bystanders able to tackle and restrain him , according to the Pima County Sheriff . "  The most immediate and obvious thing to do is ban high-capacity magazines . There 's no reason for a civilian to have it , " said Daniel Vice , senior attorney at the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence . "  It would have saved people from being shot . " The alleged shooter , Jared Lee Loughner , 22 , was scheduled to appear in a Phoenix , Arizona , courtroom Monday afternoon , according to prosecutors . Loughner is accused of opening fire outside a Tucson supermarket where Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , was meeting with constituents Saturday . Six people were killed -- including a federal judge -- and 14 others , including Giffords who was shot in the head , were wounded in the shooting . Six states and the District of Columbia currently ban the sale of high-capacity gun magazines , according to the Brady Center : California , Hawaii , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Jersey and New York .	McCarthy will propose legislation banning high-capacity ammunition magazines A ban on clips was part of a federal assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 Tucson suspect allegedly used a clip reported to have had held 31 rounds
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- For the war-beaten orphans of the northern Iraqi city of Tikrit , this big old shoe fits . A monument to a shoe thrown at former President Bush is unveiled at the Tikrit Orphanage complex . A huge sculpture of the footwear hurled at President Bush in December during a trip to Iraq has been unveiled in a ceremony at the Tikrit Orphanage complex . Assisted by children at the home , sculptor Laith al-Amiri erected a brown replica of one of the shoes hurled at Bush and Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki by journalist Muntadhir al-Zaidi during a press conference in Baghdad . Al-Zaidi was jailed for his actions , and a trial is pending . But his angry gesture touched a defiant nerve throughout the Arab and Muslim world . He is regarded by many people as a hero . Demonstrators in December took to the streets in the Arab world and called for his release . The shoe monument , made of fiberglass and coated with copper , consists of the shoe and a concrete base . The entire monument is 3.5 meters  11.5 feet  high . The shoe is 2.5 meters  8.2 feet  long and 1.5 meters  4.9 feet  wide . The orphans helped al-Amiri build the $ 5,000 structure -- unveiled Tuesday -- in 15 days , said Faten Abdulqader al-Naseri , the orphanage director . "  Those orphans who helped the sculptor in building this monument were the victims of Bush 's war , " al-Naseri said . "  The shoe monument is a gift to the next generation to remember the heroic action by the journalist . " "  When the next generation sees the shoe monument , they will ask their parents about it , " al-Naseri said . "  Then their parents will start talking about the hero Muntadhir al-Zaidi , who threw his shoe at George W. Bush during his unannounced farewell visit . " Saddam Hussein , the former Iraqi leader toppled by the United States in 2003 , was from the Tikrit region . Al-Zaidi marked his 30th birthday in jail earlier this month . One of his brothers said he is "  in good health and is being treated well . " Al-Zaidi 's employer , TV network al-Baghdadia , keeps a picture of him at the top left side of the screen with a calendar showing the number of days he has spent in detention . The network has been calling for his release . By tradition , throwing a shoe is the most insulting act in the Arab world . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Fiberglass , copper sculpture of shoe thrown at former President Bush unveiled Orphans help artist build the $ 5,000 sculpture displayed at the orphanage Director : Monument is a gift to next generation to remember heroic action Orphans who helped build shoe "  were the victims of Bush 's war , " director says
CNN  -- A man suspected of conspiring with a terrorist network responsible for the deaths of five U.S. soldiers in Iraq was arrested Wednesday in Canada , according to a statement from the U.S. attorney 's office for the Eastern District of New York . Faruq Khalil Muhammad , 38 , is charged with conspiring to kill Americans abroad and providing material support to a terrorist network that conducted suicide bombings in Iraq , the statement said . He was arrested by authorities after a U.S. warrant was issued for his arrest . The five U.S. soldiers were killed on April 10 , 2009 , when a Tunisian man drove a truck filled with explosives to the gate of a U.S. forward operating base in Mosul , Iraq . The trucks ' detonation destroyed a vehicle in a nearby U.S. convoy , killing Sgt. Gary L. Woods , 24 ; Sgt. 1st . Class Bryan E. Hall , 32 ; Sgt. Edward W. Forrest Jr. , 25 ; Cpl. Jason G. Pautsch , 20 ; and Pvt. Bryce E. Gaultier , 22 , the statement said . Muhammed is suspected of providing material support for that attack and allegedly sought to conduct attacks himself and become a suicide bomber , the statement said . "  There is no safe harbor for terrorists , including those who endeavor to spread violence from halfway across the world , " said U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch in the statement . "  Today 's arrest demonstrates that we have not forgotten that sacrifice  of U.S. soldiers  and will continue to use every available means to bring to justice all those who are responsible . " It was not immediately clear whether Muhammed had obtained legal representation . The Justice Department said it would seek to have Muhammed extradited to the United States for trial . If convicted , Muhammed faces a maximum sentence of life imprisonment , the statement said .	Faruq Khalil Muhammad was arrested in Canada He is suspected of conspiring to kill U.S. soldiers in Iraq He was arrested by authorities after a U.S. warrant was issued for his arrest If convicted , he could face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment
CNN  -- Amid solemn commemorations on Tuesday 's 11th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks , President Barack Obama and other leaders emphasized how America has emerged stronger from the devastation that killed more than 2,900 people and forever changed the nation and the world . "  This anniversary allows us to renew our faith that even the darkest night gives way to the dawn , " Obama said at the Pentagon , where 184 people died when one of four hijacked planes slammed into the iconic building symbolizing U.S. military might . "  As painful as this day is and always will be , it leaves us with a lesson that no single event can ever destroy who we are , no act of terrorism can ever change what we stand for , " Obama said , adding : "  When the history books are written , the true legacy of 9/11 will not be one of fear or hate or division . It will be a safer world , a stronger nation , and a people more united than ever before . " Earlier , Obama and first lady Michelle Obama stood with heads bowed and hands clasped on the White House lawn to observe a moment of silence at the exact time the first hijacked plane hit New York 's World Trade Center in 2001 . White House staff stood in quiet observance on the grass behind them as a lone bugler played "  Taps . " Opinion : How we honored our son 's memory At the ground zero site in lower Manhattan , family members and others read the names of the 2,753 people killed there . No politicians were included in the New York ceremony , near a new high-rise tower built where two hijacked planes destroyed the World Trade Center buildings . Obama later went to Arlington National Cemetery . He also was to visit wounded troops at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center , while Vice President Joe Biden attended a commemoration near the crash site of another hijacked plane in Shanksville , Pennsylvania . "  What they did for this country is still etched in the minds of not only you , but millions of Americans forever , " Biden said of passengers on Flight 93 who forced the hijackers to crash the plane believed headed for a suicide attack on the U.S. Capitol . All aboard died . In deeply personal remarks that reflected his own experience of losing his wife and daughter in a 1972 car crash , Biden told family and loved ones of the victims that "  no matter how many anniversaries you experience , for at least an instant , the terror of that moment returns -- the lingering echo of that phone call ; that sense of total disbelief that envelops you , where you feel like you 're being sucked into a black hole in the middle of your chest . " Neither Obama nor Biden planned any campaign events for the day , even though the November election against Republican challenger Mitt Romney is less than two months away . In a speech Tuesday afternoon to a National Guard Association meeting in Nevada , Romney refrained from his usual political attacks . "  I would normally speak to a gathering like this about the differences between my and my opponent 's plans for our military and for our national security , " the former Massachusetts governor said . "  There is a time and a place for that , but this day is not it . " At the same time , Romney made clear his support for maintaining or increasing defense spending -- an issue on which he has previously criticized Obama . The president 's plan to end the war in Afghanistan by the end of 2014 "  must not be used as an excuse to hollow out our military through devastating defense budget cuts , " Romney said . Before he left for Reno , Romney greeted firefighters and other first responders holding a 9/11 commemoration on the airport tarmac in Chicago . Work resumes on 9/11 museum At the U.S. Capitol , legislators displayed rare bipartisanship with a united commemoration . Despite the bitter partisan divide that has permeated Congress in recent years , party leaders insisted the nation was more unified in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks . "  Americans showed the world how a unified nation can fight back against darkness and fear , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , while his GOP counterpart , Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , remembered how legislators gathered on the steps of the Capitol on that day to sing "  God Bless America . " "  It was one of the most uplifting and unifying moments in the history of our country , " McConnell said of the shared display of patriotism 11 years earlier . "  And I think it is safe to say that we are , as a nation , together even though we have our political differences , together and stronger in the wake of what happened . " At the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington , Attorney General Eric Holder honored the memories of the 72 officers who died in the line of duty on September 11 , 2001 . The names of the 9/11 victims are inscribed together on the memorial , located a few blocks from Capitol Hill , which has a total of 19,660 law enforcement officers carved into it dating back to the earliest known officer fatality in 1791 . Dan Rather : Media 's balancing act with terrorism Despite the solemnity of the day , some election-year politics continued . Obama made sure to mention his signature foreign policy achievements , noting that the war in Iraq has ended , the war in Afghanistan is winding down , al Qaeda 's leadership is devastated and "  Osama bin Laden will never threaten us again . " After his remarks , he greeted family members of 9/11 victims at the Pentagon and was seen shaking hands with one man wearing a Romney hat . In a post on Twitter , Romney got in an apparent political jab by making sure the words "  under God " were included . At its national convention last week , the Democratic Party initially omitted the word "  God " from its platform . "  On this most somber day , America is united under God in its quest for peace and freedom at home and across the world , " the Romney tweet said . It followed a statement by Romney that his campaign released overnight that initially made no mention of God , then later added a similar "  under God " reference . "  On this most somber day , those who would attack us should know that we are united , one nation under God , in our determination to stop them and to stand tall for peace and freedom at home and across the world , " the amended statement said . Share your memories and stories on CNN iReport CNN 's Terry Frieden , Jim Acosta and Shawna Shepherd contributed to this report .	NEW : Mitt Romney calls for a strong military , opposes spending cuts Political leaders cite unity in response to the 9/11 attacks Americans pause to remember a day of horror At the U.S. Capitol , lawmakers stand together in tribute
CNN  -- Tennis officials reacted with disappointment on Wednesday to Andre Agassi 's revelation that he had used a banned drug and then lied about it to avoid a ban . Agassi 's admission that he took the stimulant crystal meth in 1997 will come in a soon to be published autobiography which is being serialized by The Times of London . He avoided a three-month suspension by claiming in a letter to the Association of Tennis Professionals  ATP  that he failed a doping test because a drink had been ` spiked ' with the crystal meth . Under today 's anti-doping rules , the American legend could have faced a two-year ban from the circuit . The ATP issued a statement Wednesday in which it said that an independent panel would make the final decision on a doping violation . "  The ATP has always followed this rule , and no executive at the ATP has therefore had the authority or ability to decide the outcome of an anti-doping matter , " the statement read . World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  president John Fahey said they could not take retrospective action against the eight-time grand slam winner because of its eight-year statute of limitations , but demanded the ATP investigate fully . "  WADA would , however , expect the ATP , which administered its own anti-doping program at that time , to shed light on this allegation , " Fahey said in a statement . The International Tennis Federation  ITF  took over responsibility for the ATP 's doping program in 2006 and its president Francesco Ricci Bitti said that Agassi 's revelations showed that a tough anti-doping program was needed . Agassi did find strong support from Nicolas Hayek , chairman of Swatch Group , for whom Agassi acts as an ambassador . He told CNN that his company would stick with the 39-year-old Agassi in his current role . "  He 's admitted a mistake and it 's fine with us , " he said .	Tennis governing bodies to consider Andre Agassi 's doping revelations ATP say an independent panel would consider the issue WADA can not take action under eight-year statute of limitations
Istanbul  CNN  -- A top Turkish official said Saturday that authorities believe those responsible for a pair of deadly car bombings earlier in the day had been in contact with the Syrian government 's secret police force . In a news conference , Deputy Prime Minister Besir Atalay said the Syrian government was linked to the attack . "  The investigation into the perpetrators is for the most part complete . It has been determined that the organization and its members who carried out the attack were in contact with pro-Syrian regime Al Muhabarat  Syrian Intelligence Services  organization in Syria , " he said . "  The organization is identified and for the most part the persons involved are identified . " Atalay added that license plate checks have been "  completed " and "  the organization and its members  behind the attacks  have been largely identified . " But Syria 's information minister denied that his country had any involvement in the bomb attacks . Omran al Zoubi made the comments Sunday while speaking to journalists in Damascus on Syrian TV . "  We were saddened yesterday for the fall of martyrs in Turkey , " al Zoubi said . "  In one way or another ; Turkish people are the Syrian brothers . " The two car bombs exploded Saturday afternoon in the southern Turkey town of Reyhanli , according to Turkish Interior Minister Muammer Guler . In addition to the 43 people dead , 29 people were injured critically , said Guler . Atalay added that 50 people were still hospitalized as of Saturday night . The first blast occurred at about 1:55 p.m. at the municipality building , which houses city government offices . A second , more powerful blast occurred in front of the post office . In both cases , cars were loaded with large amounts of explosive material , according to Guler . There was a third explosion of a diesel fuel tank elsewhere in Reyhanli , but Guler said this was ruled an accident . Abu Marwan was just outside of the town when he heard the blasts and hurried to the scene of one of them , where he saw "  body parts everywhere . " "  Buildings and the walls of buildings are collapsed , " Marwan said . "  The windows , the cars , everything is burned around it , people are burned . So many injured . The scene is outrageous , may God grant us peace . " A video posted on YouTube showed a column of thick , black smoke rising from the center of town ; another video showed what appeared to be where one of the bombs erupted . Rescuers were pulling bloodied people from the street , the side of a building had been torn off and the windows of the building across the rubble-crusted street had been blown out . CNN is not able to confirm the videos ' authenticity . The blast drew swift condemnation internationally , including from U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who vowed that Washington will "  stand with our ally , Turkey . " The report came shortly after the Local Coordination Committees for Syria , an opposition group , reported that Syrian government forces had fired several shells toward Reyhanli , which is in Turkey 's southern province of Hatay . Several Syrians were among the casualties , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , another opposition group . But that did not spare Syrians residents of the town from being blamed by residents . "  People with sticks in their hands are going after Syrians , " Marwan said . "  We almost have more Syrians here than Turks , and people are getting angry . " The town 's location in Hatay province along the southern border with Syria "  carries sensitivity , " Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan told reporters here , according to AA . "  Around  20,000  to 25,000 Syrians live here in camps as our guests . Certain steps as in Reyhanli today may be taken to affect the sensitivity in Hatay by those not willing to accept the status quo . " Turkey hosts more than 190,000 Syrian refugees in state-run camps , and more Syrians who have fled their country to Turkish cities and towns . In addition , Turkey has played a major role in providing assistance and a relatively safe springboard for operations to Syrian opposition groups . The timing of the blasts comes as momentum toward a resolution of the Syrian issue has grown , said Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , AA reported . "  Such blasts taking place on Saturday were no coincidence , " he told reporters in Berlin , where he was on an official trip . "  The tranquility and stability of the Turkish Republic and our citizens have priority more than anything else , " he said . "  It is possible that certain sides may want to sabotage Turkey 's tranquility . No power would be successful in hurting Turkey 's tranquility . " In a statement , the opposition Syrian National Coalition condemned the attacks . "  The Coalition sees these heinous terrorist acts as an attempt to take revenge on the Turkish people and punish them for their honorable support for the Syrian people , including their welcoming of Syrian refugees who have fled the regime 's crimes in their villages and cities , " it said . "  The Coalition views this attack as a desperate and failed attempt to sow discord between the two peoples . " The conflict in Syria has repeatedly spilled across borders to Turkey , prompting Turkish security forces to reinforce the frontier . At Turkey 's request , the NATO military alliance deployed several Patriot missile batteries to protect Turkish border cities from the threat of Syrian missile attacks . This story was reported by Gul Tuysuz in Istanbul and reported and written by Tom Watkins in Atlanta . CNN 's Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	NEW : The attackers were in touch with Syria 's secret police , a Turkish minister says NEW : Two cars loaded with explosive material were set off in the town of Reyhanli NEW : 43 people were killed in the attack , in addition to about 100 people injured Syrian opposition group : Syrians wounded in the blasts , which occurred 15 minutes apart
CNN  -- The Windsors , ruling House of the British royal family , have endured world wars , personal tragedies and highly public scandals . In the 20th century , through moments of pain and joy , they provided the British people with a fixture of redoubtable comfort , an unchanging physical constitution in a world fraught with uncertainty . But how will the British royals face their greatest challenge -- maintaining relevance in the 21st century ? The new prince born to Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , and her husband , Prince William , will be a critical part of the answer . It may be true that the royal family remains ingrained at the heart of the British establishment . The title ER  Elizabeth Regina  adorns the helmets of British police officers , the laws of Parliament still require royal assent and the monarch remains technical head of the UK armed forces . But things change . ` Wicked ' author : Royal baby stands for hope Next February , Queen Elizabeth II will have worn the crown for 62 years . She 's 86 and her public appearances are becoming less frequent . Elizabeth 's reign will one day end . And without the princess who won hearts in war and then became a queen in peace , the royals will have to re-win the public 's affection . And they 'll have to do so by navigating a changing British society ; one more socially liberal and less predisposed to tradition . Recent history suggests it wo n't be easy . Consider the queen 's experience following Princess Diana 's death in 1997 . Facing intense pressure to show personal emotion in the face of a loss that was felt widely , the queen hesitated . Public expectations conflicted with her conception of royal purpose , that of a stoic , unmovable figurehead . Her inclination was to mourn in private , allowing the politicians to provide the public face of suffering . Eventually though , realizing that times had changed , the Queen of England bent to the will of her people . She recognized the intrinsic truth of her throne , one that the future king , William , and his son  the future king  will also have to grasp : that their royal adornments of power exist subject to the grant of their British subjects . Opinion : How to raise a royal baby Ultimately , in an era increasingly defined by vigorous social entrepreneurship , institutional relevance is determined less by history , than by a perception of worth . It 's in this sense that change , the ability of the royals to evolve and find sustaining worth , will determine whether they rise or fall . So far , it seems that William gets this . When , on their wedding day , the future king and his wife drove down The Mall in an open-topped Aston Martin , the watching throngs reacted with elation . Why such glee ? Because the crowds perceived a royal interpretation of cool Britannia ; both seemingly natural and delicately informal . A simple act hinting at the prospect of a modern monarchy . Representatives to be proud of . This success is crucial . Where royals are regarded as living in an overly insulated bubble , major problems arise . Just look at the outrage that has followed the recent outing of Prince Charles '  next in line to the throne  tax planning . For royalists then , it 's fortunate that the just-born prince defines royal change . He offers a royal family that is both necessarily distant and semi-relatable , an incarnation of royal tradition gelled to social modernity . In short , a prince for the present and a king for the future . But just as he 'll live without worldly want , the prince wo n't be afforded a normal life . Opinion : Why I would n't want to be royal baby As his parents and uncle have repeatedly found out , the media has little interest in royal privacy , especially for a royal destined to one day become monarch . Just as the spotlights of the world fixed on his birth , so too will they follow him in life . That 's the price of modern royalty . And British history has begun its latest chapter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Rogan .	Tom Rogan : The British royal family is enduring ; can it maintain relevance in 21st century ? He says how new royal parents , son reflect modern world to Brits is key to answer When queen 's reign ends , Will , Kate will need to show worth , be relatable but distant , he says Rogan : New prince is an incarnation of royal tradition gelled to social modernity
CNN  -- Some mothers choose what their children will eat . Others choose which children will eat and which will die . A Haitian boy begs for food . One child dies from hunger every six seconds , an aid agency says . Those mothers forced to make the grim life-or-death choices are the impoverished women Patricia Wolff , executive director of Meds & Food for Kids , encounters during her frequent trips to Haiti . Wolff says Haitians are so desperate for food that many mothers wait to name their newborns because so many infants die of malnourishment . Other Haitian mothers keep their children alive by parceling out food to them , but some make an excruciating choice when their food rationing fails , she says . "  It 's horrible . They have to choose among their children , " says Wolff , whose nonprofit group was formed to fight childhood malnutrition . "  They try to keep them alive by feeding them , but sometimes they make the decision that this one has to go . " The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. declared in his Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech that "  I have the audacity to believe that peoples everywhere can have three meals a day for their bodies . " Four decades later , King 's wish remains unfulfilled . The global food market 's shelves are getting bare , hunger activists say -- and it will get worse . Food riots erupted across the globe this year in countries such as Egypt and India . Food pantries in the United States also warned that they were running out of food because of unprecedented demand . The news from the World Food Programme is even grimmer : A child dies of hunger every six seconds , and hunger now kills more people every year than AIDS , malaria and tuberculosis combined . As World Hunger Relief Week is marked , more people are asking : Why are so many people starving and what , if anything , can be done to eradicate hunger ? The end of food ? Wolff thinks hunger can be conquered . Her group produces "  Medika Mamba , " energy dense , peanut butter food that 's designed to ensure Haitian children survive childhood . Medika Mamba is easy to make , store , preserve and distribute , she says . "  It just takes the will to do it , " she says of eliminating hunger . "  Look at what we did for Wall Street . We did n't have enough money for infrastructure , schools , but all of a sudden , we had all of this money for Wall Street . " Raj Patel , author of "  Stuffed and Starved : The Hidden Battle for the World Food System , " says the right to food should be seen as a human right . But , he says , powerful corporate food distributors control too much of the world 's food supply to ensure a robust global food supply . Patel says "  2008 was a record year in terms of harvest . There 's more food per person in 2008 than there 's ever been in history . The problem is not food , but how we distribute it . " Other causes for the rise in global hunger have been documented . They include : • Surging oil costs have made it more expensive to harvest , fertilize , store and deliver food . • The rise in droughts and hurricanes worldwide has wiped out crops and made farming more difficult . • The world is running out of the raw materials -- water , oil , good farmland -- needed to keep the food system intact . "  A lot of people have begun to understand at various levels that the food system , as it is , ca n't go on , " says Paul Roberts , author of "  The End of Food . " Every time an American bites down on a steak or hamburger , they 're contributing to global hunger , Roberts says . As other countries become more affluent , they 're copying our meat-heavy diet . The problem : It takes so much grain and other resources to produce meat , he says . "  If the rest of the world were to eat like we do , the planet would collapse , " Roberts says . "  There 's been this unspoken assumption that the rest of the world wo n't eat meat like we do . That does n't go over well in countries like China . " Fixing our food system would be similar to weaning ourselves of our addiction to oil , Roberts says . It 's going to require innovation , heavy business involvement and changes in public policy . People are going to have to find ways to grow food with less fertilizer and water , and use less energy to store and transport food , he says . Much of this innovation will have to be driven not just by activist and aid workers , but by savvy business people , he says . "  It 's going to have to be profitable or the market wo n't be interested in it , " Roberts says . "  And if the market is n't interested in it , it 's not going to happen . " In the meantime , Wolff offers some of her own solutions . She says the practice of big foreign aid agencies shipping in food to poor countries like Haiti needs to be modified . Food has become too expensive to produce , ship and store , she says . "  You ca n't count on big aid agencies showing up to save everybody , " she says . "  Not everybody can do it , and when they do it , it 's not soon enough and not long enough . " She suggests that more groups teach local farmers in poor places how to produce their own crops . In Haiti , for example , her group employs 22 Haitians who make Medika Mamba and teaches other farmers how to grow crops for the mixture . "  Instead of throwing fish in the crowd , we should be teaching people how to fish , " she says . Until that day takes place , Wolff , who is a pediatrician in St. Louis , Missouri , will continue to make her trips to Haiti , where mothers are forced to make their grim choices . "  It 's the most difficult thing I 've ever done , " she says . "  You realize how absolutely blessed you are by the fate of your soul coming down the chute in the United States of America , " she says . "  You wonder : Why did this happen to me and not to them ? ' "	Global food system ca n't survive , author warns Catastrophic weather and rise in oil prices contribute to food shortages Food shortages now seen in the U.S. Haitian mothers forced to choose which children will live or die
London  CNN  -- A Claude Monet pastel drawing of London 's Waterloo Bridge has gone on display in the Savoy hotel room where it was created 110 years ago . Monet drew the bridge across the Thames during a stay in room 618 at the hotel -- now known as the Monet Suite -- in January 1901 . He had intended to paint the view from his balcony in oils , but his art supplies and canvases were delayed on their way from his home in France . On Monday , the picture -- one of 26 pastel views of the river created by the impressionist -- returned , albeit temporarily . It will be exhibited at the hotel until December 16 . "  Since opening in 1889 , the Savoy has played host to numerous artists , such as Whistler and Picasso , " said manager Kiaran MacDonald . "  However Monet 's views of the Thames are without doubt the most celebrated works of art associated with the hotel . " The picture is the only one of Monet 's pastels of the river not in a museum collection . It is currently owned by a private gallery , Trinity House , and is for sale for a reported $ 2.32 m. Monet  1840-1926  lived in London during the Franco-Prussian War in 1870-71 , and visited the city on several other occasions , in order to depict its buildings through the then-famous fog . "  London would be quite ugly if it was not for the fog , " he wrote in a letter from the Savoy on an earlier stay in 1900 .	Monet pastel drawing of London 's Waterloo Bridge on display at the Savoy hotel Artist created the picture -- the view from room 618 -- during a stay there in 1901 He intended to paint the scene in oils , but his supplies were delayed en route from France
CNN  -- The Cannes Film Festival entrusted its opening to a Pixar film , and the animation studio did not disappoint . An adventurous boy and a cranky man travel by unusual means in the new Pixar film "  Up . " Pixar , which has produced such gems as "  Toy Story , " "  The Incredibles " and "  WALL-E , " introduced its latest feature , "  Up , " on Wednesday night at the French movie celebration . By critics ' reckonings , Pixar has never released a bad film , and those who saw "  Up , " its 10th feature , say the studio 's perfect record is still intact . The film is a "  captivating odd-couple adventure that becomes funnier and more exciting as it flies along , " wrote Variety 's Todd McCarthy . "  The two leading men are 78 and 8 years old , and the age range of those who will appreciate the picture is even a bit wider than that . " Gallery : Pixar in pictures " "  It 's a terrific family adventure , " wrote Peter Bradshaw of Britain 's The Guardian . "  The 3-D presentation gives it a real boost , but this film is airborne because of the traditional strengths : story , characterization and inventive animation with the old-fashioned values of clarity and simplicity . " See the excitement of Cannes ' opening " "  Up " concerns Carl Fredericksen , a balloon seller voiced by Ed Asner . Faced with eviction after his wife dies , Fredericksen decides to uproot himself -- literally -- by attaching hundreds of balloons to his house and flying it to South America . However , it turns out he 's not alone . A stowaway -- a Junior Wilderness Explorer named Russell  voiced by Jordan Nagai  -- is in the house as well , and the two of them become mutually dependent after landing a continent away . The film opens May 29 in the United States . Cannes audiences are notoriously vocal . They 'll whistle if they 're unhappy -- a French version of a boo -- and a movie that does n't meet the audience 's high standards will be treated to the repeated "  whop " sounds of theater seats banging shut as patrons leave . "  Up , " on the other hand , received little but cheers . CNN 's Natasha Curry , who 's at the festival , reports a morning screening concluded with applause . It 's an unlikely film to be opening Cannes . Not only is it animated , it 's animated by computer -- and , in some theaters , it will be shown in 3-D . Those are all firsts for a Cannes curtain raiser . But the Los Angeles Times ' Kenneth Turan told CNN that "  Up " fits in with Cannes ' aspirations . "  Cannes likes to be seen as innovative , likes to be seen as embracing something new , " Turan observed . "  But really the reason ` Up ' is opening the festival is not because it 's animated , not because it 's 3-D , it 's ... because it 's a wonderful film . -LSB- Festival organizers -RSB- saw that , and I 'm sure they liked the fact that they could do something avant-garde in terms of technique , but really it 's a wonderful story , it 's a terrific film and that 's why it 's opening . " Turan said he sees Pixar 's work , and its recognition by Cannes , as another sign that animated features are among the best films being produced right now . "  The Pixar films , the Hayao Miyazaki films from Japan , the Wallace and Gromit films from Britain -- we 're really living in the golden age of animation , one of the great ages of animation in the whole history of film , " he said . "  And Cannes is happy to be part of that . Cannes is happy to recognize that . " CNN 's Matthew Carey contributed to this report .	"  Up , " new film from Pixar , opens Cannes Film Festival Critics widely praise animated film -- the usual reaction to Pixar movies Why the opener ? "  It 's a wonderful story , it 's a terrific film , " critic Kenneth Turan says
CNN  -- Europe 's top football clubs will resume their battles for a place in the quarterfinals of the continent 's biggest competition this month , with some still reeling after tie-changing moments of controversy . Last month 's last-16 opening legs provided bitter lessons for two English teams hoping to make their mark against benchmark opponents , and prompted calls for changes to the game 's rules . Spanish supremacy continued , though the signs are that Germany will likely have at least one finalist for the third year in a row . France may provide an outside threat to the status quo , thanks in part to a mercurial talent who will sadly not be displaying his maverick talents at this year 's World Cup in Brazil . Here are the key talking points for the upcoming clashes : Time for the sin-bin ? When the draw was made for the Champions League last 16 , two ties stood out for neutrals and fans alike . Manchester City 's imperious form was vanquishing all-comers , and the prospect of the English club being pitted against a stuttering Barcelona was electrifying . Even the normally bullish Catalan press were concerned . Meanwhile , Arsenal 's panache in England 's Premier League suggested questions could be posed for the reigning European champion Bayern Munich . By the time the ties rolled around , Barcelona had found its feet again , while Arsenal had drifted somewhat off the boil . Nevertheless , the early exchanges in both games promised fascinating double-headers . Barcelona 's immense skill was gradually being tempered by City 's physicality , while Arsenal hinted that it might threaten Bayern 's goal if it could just keep its composure . Then two big moments turned the ties on their heads . In Manchester , City defender Martin Demichelis ' limitations were cruelly exposed by arguably the best player in the world , Lionel Messi ; in London , Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny committed a clumsy but innocent-looking foul on Arjen Robben . The incidents led to the reviled "  triple punishment " of a penalty , a red card , and less crucially for the games themselves , an automatic ban for both players . As contests , both matches -- and very probably the ties -- were effectively ended . Aside from the debate over whether Demichelis ' foul was committed inside the penalty area , the letter of the law was followed in both cases . But as many have since argued , the games were ruined as a result , and certainly in Arsenal 's case the punishment brutally outweighed the crime . On March 1 , football 's lawmakers , the International Football Association Board , met to debate the idea of a "  sin-bin " -- something already employed effectively in rugby and ice hockey -- and ultimately rejected it . But it did sanction the continued experiment of sin-bins in recreational youth football . While controversial , and arguably open to abuse by cynical defenders , a sin-bin would offer referees an extra layer of discretion , and paying spectators a better chance of seeing 22 players complete a game . In the high-stakes environment of Champions League football it could be a welcome addition to the rule book . England 's Premier League fluffs its lines on the big stage With the exception of Manchester United , sent so forcefully back to the drawing board by Olympiakos that embattled manager David Moyes ' head probably crashed through it , each of the English Premier League clubs could take a little solace from disappointing first-leg performances . City , having withstood an initial Barcelona barrage , seemed to be finding some rhythm before that red-card handicap came into play . Mesut Ozil may need counseling to banish the trauma of his first-half penalty miss , but at least Arsenal had started to threaten the visiting Bavarians . Chelsea also looked relatively comfortable before John Terry 's absent-mindedness in the six-yard box let Galatasaray back into the tie . Nevertheless , like the curate 's egg , these good-in-parts performances all left a sour tinge on the lips . Chelsea will rue not going for the jugular when the Turkish home side was reeling , while Jose Mourinho 's striking options continue to -- rather publicly -- vex the Portuguese . His team should still go through , though , but this performance did not impress . While refereeing decisions may have helped Bayern and Barcelona coast to their respective 2-0 victories , their ability to retain the ball -- such an important skill at this level -- was at times startlingly superior . The idea of an unsophisticated English Premier League , lacking the tactical nous and basic skills to thrive at this level , may be less true than it once was , but City and Arsenal still have a way to go before they can match these hugely impressive opponents . Do n't write off Barcelona and Real , but Bayern still favorite With the Catalan giants beset by financial scandal and facing an unusually tough challenge on the home front , Barcelona 's star looked to be on the wane in 2014 . Likewise , it is not often that Real Madrid plays second fiddle to city rival Atletico , but this year there is a genuine threat to its hegemony from the Vicente Calderon . Both teams , however , look to be slipping back into their respective grooves . Barcelona warmed up for the first-leg clash with City by thrashing Rayo Vallecano 6-0 , while back-to-back 3-0 wins over struggling Getafe and Elche showed Real 's cool efficiency . Against City , Barca reminded the world of its precocious talent . Yes the red card ended the English side 's chances of rising to the challenge , but Barcelona 's metronomic passing and accurate finishing showed just how tough an opponent this team can be . It will be interesting to see how Tata Martino 's team bounce back from Saturday 's setback against Valladolid . Real , meanwhile , was irresistible in its 6-1 humiliation of Schalke in Germany , and leads the Spanish league after Sunday 's win over Levante . If City 's prospects for the second leg show only the barest twitches of life , Schalke 's are not even worth a memorial service . But then we have Bayern . There is a sense that Pep Guardiola has , after only the barest hint of teething trouble , got this team playing exactly the way he wishes . Added to the muscular intensity of Bayern 's previous incarnation are a fluidity and impudence that characterized the best performances of Guardiola 's Barcelona side . It is very hard to see how the Germans could be improved . Embarrassingly unchallenged in the Bundesliga , there is little to suggest that "  Die Roten " will not be sewing yet another Champions League star above the club badge in May . Two-speed Champions League makes things too predictable The Champions League may be the pinnacle of club football , but survey the last-16 second-leg ties and it is difficult to suppress a feeling of disappointment . With very few exceptions , the quarterfinals look pretty much set . Just as the group stages generally went the way of the obvious , the tournament 's big seeds are rolling into the next round with only minor distractions en route . Europe 's top club competition remains controversial for the way in which it perpetuates the status quo . Without massive independent injections of cash from outside the game it is difficult to see this changing anytime soon . Arguably only Paris Saint-Germain has realistic hopes of breaking into the tight group of winners this year . It has to be a concern for UEFA , and the TV rights holders that may struggle to entice neutrals to their screens again before the quarterfinals . Whether anything can be done about it longer term , however , is another question . Zlatan is a genius In a world in which sporting stars can sometimes be anodyne and uninspiring , Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic smashes the mold to smithereens . His swagger and apparent arrogance would be laughable if he did not so regularly back them up , but his continuing ability to underscore words with deeds is extraordinary . At PSG he is playing in a competition -- the French Ligue 1 -- that rarely stretches his talents and in a team that is built to serve him , so the best measure of his greatness is in the Champions League . Once again , he did not disappoint . Ibrahimovic 's second goal against Bayer Leverkusen went viral before the final whistle had even sounded , and with good reason . The fact that he will not be playing in the 2014 World Cup is a huge loss to football .	The European Champions League resumes this week Eight teams will be hoping to reach the quarterfinals Bayern Munich seeking to become the first team to defend title Three of the four English clubs involved face an early exit
Washington  CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Friday firmly rejected President Barack Obama 's call for an approximate return to the borders that existed before the 1967 Middle East war , telling the U.S. leader that such a move is impossible in light of current security concerns and demographic realities . The two leaders pledged to work together , however , in the pursuit of a comprehensive Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement . "  Israel wants peace . I want peace , " Netanyahu said while meeting with Obama at the White House . But "  a peace based on illusions will crash eventually on the rocks of Middle Eastern reality , " he said . "  Obviously there are some differences between us in the precise formulations and language , and that 's going to happen between friends , " Obama said . "  But what we are in complete accord about is that a true peace can only occur if the ultimate resolution allows Israel to defend itself against threats , and that Israel 's security will remain paramount in U.S. evaluations of any prospective peace deal . " Both men stressed that the presence of the militant group Hamas in a Palestinian government would be extremely problematic for future peace talks . The United States and Israel consider Hamas a terrorist group . Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas "  has to decide if he negotiates or keeps his pact with Hamas , or makes peace with Israel , " Netanyahu said . "  I hope he makes the choice -- the right choice -- in choosing peace with Israel . " But Abbas ' spokesman said it was Netanyahu who was derailing the peace process . "  These statements are an official declaration that he is not ready for true peace based on justice and international resolutions , " presidential spokesman Nabil Abu Rudeineh told the WAFA news agency . Abu Rudeineh said the Palestinian government independent and has "  nothing to do with Fatah or Hamas . What Netanyahu is saying are excuses to avoid sitting at the negotiating table , " he said . Obama 's call Thursday for an approximate return to the 1967 borders , which made official a long-held but rarely stated U.S. position , has increased tension between the two longstanding allies at a moment of turbulent change in the Arab world . Israel seized the West Bank , Gaza , Golan Heights and Sinai Peninsula during the 1967 war . The Sinai has since been returned to Egypt . Israel annexed the Golan Heights in 1981 , a move not recognized by the international community and condemned by Syria , which still claims the land . Hamas now controls Gaza , while the more moderate Palestinian group Fatah administers the West Bank , site of a growing number of Israeli settlements . Ultimately , the Palestinians are aiming to unite Gaza and the West Bank under the authority of a new state . The Israeli government has repeatedly said , among other things , that peace talks with the Palestinians can not seriously proceed without firmer security guarantees and a clear recognition of the Jewish state 's right to exist . Obama said Thursday that the borders of Israel and a Palestinian state "  should be based on the 1967 lines with mutually agreed swaps , so that secure and recognized borders are established for both states . " His position largely agreed with the Palestinian negotiating stance on border issues in the staggering peace process , now stalled by disputes over Israeli settlements in the West Bank and the role of Hamas in the Palestinian leadership . At the same time , Obama reiterated unwavering U.S. support for Israel 's security Thursday , and he endorsed certain negotiating positions of Netanyahu 's government , including an incremental handover of security responsibilities by Israel when conditions on the ground allow it . He also said a future Palestinian state would have to remain "  nonmilitarized . " Obama sought to undercut momentum for a declaration of Palestinian statehood at the United Nations in September , warning that "  symbolic actions to isolate Israel  at the U.N.  wo n't create an independent state . " The president said he recognizes that two "  wrenching and emotional issues " remain unresolved : the future status of Jerusalem , which is claimed by both sides , and the fate of Palestinian refugees who claim Israel as their homeland . Netanyahu , considered hawkish on security matters , reacted coolly to the president 's speech . He has argued that the 1967 borders are now "  indefensible " for Israel , and noted that major population centers are located beyond those lines . Hamas also rejected the terms outlined in the speech , calling them "  empty of concrete significance . " Israel , meanwhile , announced the approval Thursday of new projects to build 1,500 housing units in Har Homa and Pisgat Zeev , which are outside the 1967 borders . The projects had previously received initial approval , said Roye Lackmanovich , an Interior Ministry spokesman . Israeli officials said before Friday 's meeting that Netanyahu intended to use the occasion not only to stress his opposition to a restoration of the 1967 lines , but also to seek specifics on the type of security guarantees envisioned by the president , including the assertion that a Palestinian state would remain nonmilitarized . Netanyahu also wanted Obama to clarify his stance on both Hamas and the so-called "  right of return " for Palestinian families who left Israel after the state 's founding in 1948 . Israel has repeatedly warned that it can not allow those families to return without sacrificing its identity as a Jewish state . Netanyahu made clear after Friday 's meeting that the families of the 1948 refugees can not settle within Israel 's borders . While Netanyahu and other conservative members of the Israeli government have been critical of Obama in the wake of Thursday 's speech , the president also has defenders within the Knesset , Israel 's parliament . Tzipi Livni , an opposition leader and former foreign minister , applauded Obama 's call for a two-state solution . "  An American president that supports a two-state solution represents the Israeli interest and is not anti-Israeli , " Livni said . "  President Obama 's call to start negotiations represents Israel 's interests . " Also , the group known as the Middle East Quartet -- which includes the United Nations , Russia , the European Union and the United States -- issued a statement Friday offering its "  strong support " for Obama 's "  vision of Israeli-Palestinian peace . " The White House has been heavily focused on Middle East issues this week . Obama met with Jordan 's King Abdullah II on Tuesday and will address the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , an influential pro-Israel lobbying group , on Sunday . CNN 's Elise Labott , Kevin Flower and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejects a return to the 1967 borders President Barack Obama and Netanyahu hold meeting at the White House on Friday The pre-1967 borders should be starting point on a future Palestinian state , Obama says Netanyahu : A 1967 basis for such borders would leave Israel "  indefensible "
New York  CNN  -- JetBlue on Wednesday dispensed vouchers to passengers and some levity to the public , two days after one of its flight attendants famously quit following a luggage-bin altercation . Perhaps realizing that the best answer to the public support of Steven Slater might be humor , the company 's blog had a posting entitled , "  Sometimes the weird news is about us . " The blog read , "  It would n't be fair for us to point out absurdities in other corners of the industry without acknowledging when it 's about us . Well this week 's news certainly falls into that category . Perhaps you heard a little story about one of our flight attendants ? " "  While we ca n't discuss the details of what is an ongoing investigation , plenty of others have already formed opinions on the matter . Like , the entire Internet . " The blog also praises 2,300 "  fantastic , awesome and professional Inflight Crewmembers . " The case of Slater has been a web sensation , and some consider him a folk hero . According to blogs and accounts , Slater received a small gash on his head during an altercation with a passenger . In a blaze of "  take this job and shove it , " he reportedly used some profanity on the plane 's intercom , said he was quitting , grabbed some beers and deployed the plane 's chute before sliding down and running away . Meanwhile , each person on the Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , to New York flight Monday will receive a $ 100 voucher , JetBlue said . "  This is consistent with our long-standing policies , " spokesman Steve Stampley told CNN . "  JetBlue often provides vouchers to our customers when they experience a disruption or otherwise abnormal circumstance . This event falls into that category . " Slater , who faces criminal charges in the incident , told CNN affiliate WABC Wednesday that support from the public has been "  so encouraging and so special . " "  There 's some really great people out there , and I 'm getting a glimpse of that , " he said . "  It 's a surprise because , obviously , I have been away for a little while . " Slater left a Bronx detention center Tuesday night . Slater had a scratch on his forehead . He said , it was "  more than likely " he will lose his job . Slater 's mother , Diane Slater , defended him in an interview with CNN affiliate KABC . "  I do n't think he 's going to be in trouble very long . I think he just had a very small meltdown , and I think he deserves to be able to have that meltdown if you saw the egg on his head where he got smacked , " she said . Slater was arrested at his home after the incident at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport after the flight landed . He was charged with criminal mischief , reckless endangerment and criminal trespass , according to the Queens District Attorney 's Office . The tension between Slater and the passenger apparently began in Pittsburgh , where the flight originated . A female passenger "  was struggling to shove her carry-on luggage  into the overhead bin  and she was competing with another passenger for the slot . They were shoving luggage around , " said Slater 's attorney , Howard Turman . "  He  Slater  came over to assist , she started cursing and -- based on the information -- slammed the overhead luggage bin on his  Slater 's  head , " Turman said . Turman said the female passenger said "  F -- you " to Slater . After the flight landed at JFK , Slater approached the female passenger who was retrieving her bag from the bin while the plane was still taxiing to the gate , according to a source familiar with the incident . Passengers are required to stay in their seats with their seat belts fastened until the pilot has reached the gate and gives the all-clear sign . The passenger cursed Slater again , Turman said . Her fury grew upon learning she would have to wait at baggage claim to retrieve luggage she was forced to check at the gate . At that point , Slater got on the plane 's public address system . Passenger Phil Catelinet wrote on his blog that Slater said , "  To the passenger who just called me a motherf ----- : f -- you . I 've been in this business 20 years , and I 've had it . " When the plane stopped at the gate , Slater grabbed some beer from the beverage cart before deploying the emergency slide and leaving . JetBlue announced Tuesday that Slater has been suspended pending an investigation . The airline declined to specify whether the suspension is a paid leave of absence . Slater smiled as he entered a courtroom Tuesday for his arraignment . He was ordered held on $ 2,500 bond and not to have contact with two specific JetBlue employees . Turman described his client as "  a dedicated son " who has been flying to California regularly to attend to his mother , who is suffering from Stage 4 lung cancer . The second-degree criminal mischief and the first-degree reckless endangerment charges are felonies that could land Slater in jail for seven years if convicted , authorities said . The JetBlue blog had a host of comments after the posting . "  Everyone on the web is supporting Steven , but not his company , " one comment read . "  That 's a pity ... That 's a bad ad for you . Support your workers as all your customers are doing . " CNN 's Richard Davis , Allan Chernoff , Julian Cummings , Susan Candiotti , Laura Batchelor and Jesse Solomon contributed to this report .	JetBlue posts blog item about its flight attendant Support has been "  so encouraging and so special , " Steven Slater says JetBlue will give vouchers to passengers on the flight Slater was arrested Monday after using the plane 's emergency chute to leave
For nearly seven weeks , the American public knew alleged police killer Matthew Eric Frein from a handful of images -- showing a seemingly clean-cut young man , sometimes dressed in a Cold War-era uniform and carrying a gun . But this week , they got a different glimpse of Frein . The bridge of his nose was cut and bloodied . His face was scratched . And he wore an orange jail jumpsuit . The new uniform is because of what happened Thursday , when a team of U.S. marshals took the 31-year-old survivalist and military buff into custody at an abandoned airport near Tannersville , Pennsylvania . As to the suspect 's abrasions , Scott Malkowski -- who took down Frein , accompanied by about a dozen other marshals -- told CNN they came about when these authorities tried to detain Frein and avoid the firefight many feared . "  We 're not playing around , " Malkowski said . Capturing a dangerous fugitive Authorities have acknowledged Frein got special treatment in some ways . After his arrest , he was shackled in the handcuffs of Pennsylvania state police Cpl. Bryon Dickson -- the officer that authorities say Frein killed on September 12 -- put in the backseat of the slain trooper 's squad car , then sent back to the barracks where the ambush on Dickson occurred . That 's not possible for every accused convict . Opinion : Were cops out of line in trooper-killing arrest ? But Malkowski said that Frein was n't treated differently -- at least differently than anyone on the FBI 's Top Ten Most Wanted List considered armed and dangerous , after having allegedly killed one officer and wounded another before melting into the woods -- while being taken into custody . When authorities approached Frein , the suspect had his chest down on the ground but his head was up looking at Malkowski , the marshal said . From a law enforcement perspective , that is just what you do n't want . "  Never have a fugitive look at you , " Malkowski explained . Per law enforcement protocol , Frein was forced to be face-first on the asphalt looking away from the marshals  so that a suspect ca n't anticipate an officer 's next move  . In the process , his nose got cut and his face scraped . "  Sometimes things like that happen , " Malkowski said . Most-wanted suspect taken into custody An end to a tense 48 days The U.S. marshal told CNN affiliate WPVI that his first sign of Frein came in the form of movement through nearby high grass and weeds . "  When I first saw him , I was like , ` What 's this guy doing in the field by himself ? ' " Malkowski recalled Saturday . "  For a split second , I did n't think it was him . "  But then we had a sixth sense , I guess . I knew it was him . " And so Malkowski and his team of marshals got closer , without the suspect apparently not knowing . Until , that is , Frein turned around and saw the law enforcement officers approaching him . "  I told him to get on the ground ... , " Malkowski said . "  We just kept closing distance  to  about 5 feet away . "  I said , ` Who are you ? What 's your name ? ' And he said , ` Eric Frein . ' " So ended the manhunt that terrorized many in northeast Pennsylvania over a tense 48-day stretch -- closing schools , canceling outdoor activities and prompting the halt to hunting and trapping . As many as 1,000 federal , state and local law enforcement officers scoured forests and thoroughfares looking for Frein . Normalcy returns to northeast Pennsylvania after manhunt ends Authorities worried they would get the worst from an armed man with a reported history of police hatred , a man who had lashed out violently before and got away . In fact , while Frein was n't armed at the time of his capture , investigators later found a cache nearby that included a sniper rifle . The U.S. Marshal team that spotted Frein was well-aware of the worst-case scenarios when they went after him . Yet , Malkowski said , "  That 's what the marshals do . We hunt fugitives . That 's our job . "	A U.S. marshal recalls the capture of Eric Frein at an abandoned Pennsylvania airport He first saw movement in high grass , after which he and others approached Frein Frein cut his face while face-first on asphalt ; "  we 're not playing around , " marshal say The marshal downplays the danger , saying it 's "  our job " to "  hunt fugitives " like Frein
The corpses lay strewn in the restive Syrian city of Douma , all slain in what residents there call a government-backed "  massacre . " The scene in the aftermath of the assault , punctuated by images of grief-stricken people and blood-covered pavement , was recorded last month by opposition activists who braved the wrath of Syrian security and slipped into the suburban Damascus city to bear witness to the tumult with their cameras . The three-man media team moved about the pockmarked urban battleground in shadows and whispers . Edging step-by-step and block-by-block , they hugged buildings ' walls to avoid catching the eyes of rooftop snipers . But they would pick up the pace amid bursts of gunfire . That was at the end of June . The intense bombardment of Douma by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces in the days that followed trapped the activists for more than a week , with government forces blocking the routes out of town and shelling forcing them to take shelter . Bracing for a Syria showdown The footage -- just delivered to reporters in Lebanon -- also highlights the resolve of a guerrilla force of activist-journalists : brave souls who 've risked their lives since March 2011 to record examples of the regime 's actions . The carnage is the latest example of what activists say is relentless abuse against civilians by al-Assad 's security apparatus over the past 16 months . Douma , a major city in the province of Rif Damashq -- meaning Damascus countryside , which includes the suburbs that surround the capital city -- has been consumed by bloodshed since the protests last year morphed into a nationwide uprising against the regime . These latest sights , recorded by the activists at a dingy building in the dark of night , bear witness to the grim conflict in cities , towns and villages across Syria . The people seen dead in the scene were among 45 people killed in an attack . Residents say Syrian security forces raiding a building in search of weapons wiped out members of several families . One image shows a little girl sprawled among the dead , many of the bodies covered in bloody funeral sheets . A man points to a body and says "  he was executed , a civilian . " He points to a second corpse and says , "  This is his cousin , shot because he tried to save him . " Another man said security forces ordered men and women into two rooms and executed them , one after the other . CNN can not independently verify these accounts . But the aftermath rings true for Syrians caught in the maelstrom of what is now called a civil war and the sight has become routine in areas where resolute residents have not buckled under to regime soldiers and their militia allies . Residents prepared the bodies for burial by unceremoniously wrapping up the dead in funeral sheets and removing them from the building where they were found . It is only now that the activists who filmed the grisly scenes were able to get the footage to Lebanon . The risk , the activists say , is worth it . Syrians activists say the world needs to get one more glimpse of the horror and despair engulfing Syria . Can the Geneva Conventions stop the carnage ?	The video shows the corpse of a little girl lying among other bodies Security forces executed wiped out several families , residents say The activists had a tough time making their way out of Douma
CNN  -- A woman has accused George Zimmerman , the man charged in the fatal shooting of Florida teenager Trayvon Martin , of having sexually abused her for about a decade , beginning when she was 6 years old and he was 8 . "  He would reach under the blankets and try to do things and I would try to push him off , " said the woman , who is identified only as Witness 9 and whose account was released Monday in audio recordings that a judge ordered last week be made public . "  He was bigger and stronger and older . It was in front of everybody . And I do n't know how I did n't say anything . But I just did n't know any better , " she said . Zimmerman asks for another new judge CNN spoke to the woman 's father , who said neither he nor any other member of the family would be speaking on the subject . The woman did not respond to a request for comment . Mark O'Mara , Zimmerman 's attorney , released a statement Monday responding to the allegations . In it , he said his client was not yet 8 years old when the alleged abuse began , and that he was 17 when it was alleged to have ended . O'Mara said the woman is Zimmerman 's cousin . In a motion filed June 18 , O'Mara called the accuser 's statement "  not relevant to the issues of this case , " and said the allegations are inadmissible . He added that its disclosure risked leading to "  widespread hostile publicity which would substantially impair the Defendant 's fair trial rights , and would pose a serious threat to the administration of justice . " "  Now that this statement is part of the public record , the defense will vigorously defend Mr. Zimmerman against the allegations , " O'Mara said in his statement Monday . While on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " Monday evening , O'Mara continued to defend his client . "  There actually were some other events that happened in the family dynamics that we will get into if we need to , " he said , calling into question her credibility . "  S  he makes up allegations about sexual abuse , then also seemingly does n't have any corroboration to them . " Witnesses tell FBI that George Zimmerman is no racist The 28-year-old former neighborhood watch captain is charged with second-degree murder in the February 26 death of Martin . The 17-year-old Martin was unarmed when he was killed while walking back to his father 's girlfriend 's house in a gated residential area of Sanford , Florida . Zimmerman has pleaded not guilty . He has said he shot in self-defense after Martin attacked him . The woman said the abuse occurred when her family visited with Zimmerman 's . "  Every time that we would go up there , I could just look at him and he would give me a certain look and I would know if it was going to happen when we got together for family gatherings . Because he just got this look in his eye like he was going to . " Referring to Zimmerman as "  Georgie , " she said "  he just sucked up to my dad . He was like the son he never had . And he always was just , you know , very charming and personable with everybody in the family , and just always would laugh and entertain everybody . But he was different behind closed doors with me . " Trayvon Martin memorial removed but preserved In a statement , the Martin family said the woman 's testimony could be used in trial to show Zimmerman has a history of violence and manipulation . "  Zimmerman 's mentality is very relevant to this trial , " said the statement , which was sent to CNN by family attorney Benjamin Crump . It was not immediately clear how -- or even whether -- prosecutors planned to use the woman 's testimony in their case against Zimmerman . "  We can not discuss what will or will not be used , " said Jackelyn Barnard , spokeswoman for Special Prosecutor Angela Corey . Judge Kenneth R. Lester Jr. ruled last week that Witness 9 's statements and any jail calls turned over to the defense are part of the public record . "  This statement ... will simply be another piece of the puzzle to be relied upon by those who want to believe there was a racial motive to the shooting , and will be dismissed by those who claim that there was no such motive , " the judge wrote . Zimmerman is free to disclose the nature of his relationship with Witness 9 , though she can not be identified publicly , Lester said . Timeline of events in the Trayvon Martin case CNN 's Marylynn Ryan and David Mattingly contributed to this report . Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	"  Witness 9 " accuses George Zimmerman of sexual abuse years ago "  He was bigger and stronger and older , " she says The accuser has not been identified publicly Zimmerman 's lawyer calls the claim "  not relevant " to Martin case
CNN  -- Demands . Prayers . Chants . Exhortations . Reflections . As Egypt reels from protest to protest , for many Egyptians it has never been more important to get message out about why they are on the streets -- to each other , to the media , to any opposing side . The country has been rocked in recent days by protesters demanding the resignation of former President Mohamed Morsy , with demonstrations at times threatening to spiral out of control as the pro- and anti-government sides clash violently , at times fatally , over the country 's young democracy . The protests are the latest to wrack the country in what has proved a dramatic , often bloody , two years since the country 's 2011 revolution ousted former President Hosni Mubarak . Morsy was elected in Egypt 's first democratic elections a year later , but since then critics say he has become increasingly authoritarian , while the country 's economy continues to falter . This crisis has led to many of his supporters amongst the poor and middle class to become disaffected , analysts say . Who is Egypt 's President Mohamed Morsy ? Those opposed to Morsy are a broad group , from youth groups and political coalitions to average citizens and Mubarak loyalists keen to return to power . CNN spoke to four anti-Morsy protesters about why they were on the streets , what they are demanding , and where they see their country heading . Scores of Egyptians have contacted CNN through iReport -- overwhelmingly representing the anti-Morsy faction . Their responses ranged from excitement , to trepidation , to optimism . But all shared one determination -- change for Egypt . Here 's what they had to say , in their own words . The veteran Ahmed Raafat has documented the streets of Cairo since the early days of the country 's 2011 revolution . He is 23 and a petroleum engineer and photographer . I protest because I have a dream of changing Egypt for the better . I think this country deserves better than this . Nothing has changed since the beginning of the revolution . Dramatic photos , videos from iReport capture Egypt 's crisis I 've seen many people of my age and social background falling during our fight for freedom . I still remember carrying them and having their blood on my hands . I do n't want their blood to go in vain . When I stand beside thousands of people and we chant together , I feel free and strong . I 've never had the chance to experience such feelings before the revolution . The feeling that you 're not alone makes you feel stronger . -LSB- At present -RSB- the atmosphere of uncertainty makes me nervous . Not knowing how things will turn out makes me worry . I 'm excited to see millions on the streets , but I have fears and concerns regarding the role of the military in the coming period . We suffered under military rule in the period following Mubarak 's resignation , and I do n't want to experience that again . The documenter Mohamed Boraie lives in Cairo and works in finance , as well as working as a photographer who has captured images of the protests . He is 27 . The main reason that I am protesting -- this time -- is that the Muslim Brotherhood and Morsy are not being inclusive . Morsy was appointing minsters and lead figures in the government that are exclusively from the Muslim Brotherhood -LSB- Islamist movement backing Morsy that has risen to power since the fall of Mubarak -RSB- . Opinion : Why Morsy deserves a chance In addition , he could not restore law and order during the first year of presidency , not to mention his weak economic reforms that every Egyptian is currently facing . Another personal reason for protesting is how religion is being used and manipulated by the Muslim Brotherhood in a country where there is a huge illiteracy rate . Such misuse of religion is allowing the exploitation of the population in terms of wealth , human rights and women 's participation in the work force . Taking part in a protest feels like someone is getting back an ownership of -LSB- their -RSB- country . I believe that Egyptians are evolving politically very quickly , and they will not give up unless their demands are met . I 'm excited to see Egypt going through an Islamic state , failing and evolving very quickly to refuse such a state , -LSB- but -RSB- I 'm nervous to see what is next . The optimist Maged Eskander is an architect who lives in Cairo . He is 38 . My family and I are out in the streets for the same reason we protested against the old regime -- the only difference this time is the ruling party is much , much worse . Who are the protesters ? -LSB- Protesting is -RSB- one of the best feelings you can -LSB- have -RSB- ... you finally feel that Egypt is with you . You feel you are not alone ; you get back the feeling of being proud to be Egyptian . Everybody in the marches is very happy , it 's like we already won the battle . We will stay in the streets until he resigns or the military force -LSB- Morsy -RSB- to resign . I hope all political parties get united in the -LSB- transitional -RSB- period until we have a real president and government . I 'm just optimistic , happy , proud ... and a little worried about the Muslim Brotherhood 's reaction but confident -LSB- we -RSB- will win . The first timer Marwan Osman is 25 and a software engineer who lives in Alexandria . He went out in the streets for the first time on June 30 amid the mass protests against Morsy 's government . During the fuel crisis that started about a week ago , I witnessed long lines of cars waiting to get some fuel . People fought each other for a place in the lines . Every day the crisis is growing , and no action has been taken . Amanpour : Egypt 's experiment with democracy This event led me to imagine what will happen when more crises happen . The next one could be a food crisis -- and this time , more people will die and the whole country could collapse because of those successive crises . The current MB -LSB- government -RSB- does not have any idea how to rule the country correctly . They ca n't manage the basic human needs like electricity and fuel . The economy is collapsing and not a single action -LSB- has been -RSB- taken to prevent or fix the situation . I am considered one of the high middle-class people with high education and a respectable job . I do n't face most of the problems people suffer , -LSB- so -RSB- it 's amazing to share the experience -LSB- of protesting -RSB- with your country 's people . We all want Morsy to step down and the Muslim Brotherhood party to leave the political scene , for now . Who will rule next is a debate between people , whether it 's the army or the liberals . But , for sure , we want a firm grip to save the country and the economy .	Massive demonstrations against and in favor of the Egyptian president have hit streets CNN has received scores of iReports from Egyptians documenting the protests iReporters tell why they protest , what they want , and what they think will happen next
CNN  -- The always-on-the-road business traveler knows what it 's like to bounce from no-fuss airport hotels to bland corporate housing setups along the highway . Extended-stay options tend to offer the bare minimum in spaces that lack personality  and sometimes amenities  . But there are plenty of executive luxuries to aspire to when the purse strings loosen on your expense account . Upscale properties exist that will not only live up to travel fantasies of butlers and chefs who cater to all your needs , but surpass them with the kinds of services and features that can make you  almost  look forward to business travel . Yes , these properties come with high price tags and these places are n't anything like home , but in many ways , they 're better . Rise of the two-in-one hotel The Pierre New York This luxury hotel in Manhattan 's Midtown neighborhood has always welcomed high-profile , long-term guests . But an official private residential stay program  which requires a 30-night minimum starting at $ 9,450  for travelers who need a local pied-a-terre was only launched in January 2014 . Guests with reservations for 30 consecutive days  in any of the hotel 's 198 rooms and suites  will have access to a dedicated manager , who handles The Pierre 's residential service , the Jaguar house car , private in-room spa treatments , twice-daily housekeeping and exclusive appointments with the area 's most acclaimed boutiques . Plus , for guests who need foreign language assistance  for that important meeting with a CEO from Brazil , perhaps  , the hotel can partner them with some of the city 's top-notch specialists . www.tajhotels.com The makings of a modern business hotel AKA Beverly Hills Beverly Hills , California AKA is renowned for its upscale extended-stay properties all over the United States  plus one in London  , where modern , chic accommodations with plenty of on-site offerings have really elevated the home-away-from-home model . Its Beverly Hill location  rates from $ 345 a night with a week-long minimum  , which opened in November 2012 , is no different . In fact , it might be one of the most luxurious in the portfolio , where you can pick from one-bedroom , two-bedroom and penthouse units as well as private-access townhouses . Rooms and suites come with gourmet kitchens , living room fireplaces and Bulgari bath amenities . Some even have private terraces . Guests also get preferred access to neighbor Wolfgang Puck 's acclaimed local restaurant Spago , which can provide in-room meals , too . Plus , AKA Beverly Hills recently unveiled a.cinema , a private , resident-only theater . www.stayaka.com Rosewood Sand Hill Menlo Park , California Long-term travelers to the Bay Area 's business-heavy Silicon Valley will be itching to stay at Rosewood Sand Hill , which has five stunning villas  starting with 2,300-square-foot , one-bedrooms  for extended-stay guests of 30 days or more  rates from $ 1,500 a night  . In addition to a stylish decor , you 'll have a high-tech kitchen  which can be stocked with all of your favorite treats and drinks prior to arrival  , walk-in closets in every bedroom , a small but private backyard , in-room dining from the hotel 's Michelin-starred restaurant Madera , and car access within five miles of the property . If you need to keep up with fitness and sport for your stay , there are also golf privileges at Stanford University Golf Course plus group fitness classes at the spa included in the rate . www.rosewoodhotels.com The Surrey New York New York City 's only Relais & Chateaux property , located on the Upper East Side , has designed some of the coziest suites in town , with contemporary furnishings  Duxiana beds , for instance  and artwork from around the world . The personal touches in the extended-stay suites  starting at $ 11,000 per month  in The Surrey will make you feel like you 're just staying in your very own stylish Manhattan pad . For everything else just ring down to the 24-hour concierge who can run any errand , or ask to have your meals come from Daniel Boulud 's Michelin-starred kitchen at Café Boulud , The Surrey 's on-site restaurant . www.thesurrey.com Milestone Hotel London Located in London 's chi-chi Kensington neighborhood  right by Hyde Park  , the Milestone is a high-design hotel dating back to the 1920s . It boasts that kind of look-at-me décor  think floral area rugs , studded leather chairs , crystal chandeliers and shaggy duvets all in one room  that might not be to everyone 's liking , but most will be pleased with plenty of amenities and services . Long-term guests of at least seven days  who should spring for one of the beautiful apartments on the property  , can get their first or last night comped  as long as it 's not during the months of June to August  , a one-way airport transfer and an afternoon tea service . Rates start at $ 1,017 with a minimum of seven days . Last year the hotel launched bespoke wellness itineraries prepared by local health and fitness expert Andy Elliott , who will start the process with a phone consultation before you even leave your home town . There 's no reason to let go of healthy living just because you 're traveling . www.milestonehotel.com La Reserve Paris In impossibly chic Place du Trocadéro , these luxury apartments offer very impressive views of the Eiffel Tower . But what 's happening inside is just as nice . The 10 units here  starting with a one-bedroom apartment for $ 1,988 per night all the way up to a triplex  are all super spacious  the smallest comes in at 1,615 square feet  and decorated with interior designer Remi Tessier 's exquisite taste for subtle luxury . Everything is sleek and chic , from the whitewash spiral staircases to the rich chocolate-brown wood furniture to the sculptural mixed-media lighting fixtures . Services are all about giving you a personalized but homey experience , like the 24-hour security , in-house chefs to prepare meals and grocery delivery from nearby Bon Marché 's La Grande Epicerie . www.lareserve-paris.com Grosvenor House Apartments London Overlooking Hyde Park in London 's Mayfair neighborhood , the 130 contemporary residences here -- which range from $ 403-a-night studios to five-bedroom penthouse suites , all with full kitchens -- offer the ultimate in long-term accommodations . The guest-only  and , of course , guests of guests  restaurant in the super-high atrium , for example , is the perfect spot for a power breakfast with high-profile clients . And when you need to unwind , the 24-hour concierge can arrange all sorts of things , from private dinners to in-room spa treatments . The apartments , run by Jumeirah Living , also host exclusive events to introduce London to Grosvenor House residents . This might include evenings with locals , classes with captains of industry and cultural gatherings such as previews of an upcoming art exhibit . www.jumeirah.com Note : Hotel rates are current as of publication and subject to fluctuate seasonally .	These hotels fuel unlimited expense-account fantasies The Pierre in New York has recently added an extended-stay program In Paris , La Reserve offers deluxe apartments starting at a cool $ 1,988 per night
CNN  -- A "  sleeping " Victoria Azarenka woke up in time to beat Ana Ivanovic at the U.S. Open and keep alive her chances of reaching a fourth consecutive hard-court grand slam final . Azarenka dropped the first set against the former world No. 1 and struggled to put the Serbian away but eventually prevailed 4-6 6-3 6-4 in a hard-hitting fourth-round encounter that was pushed back to Tuesday because of rain . It was the second straight match the world No. 2 -- she , too , is a former No. 1 -- needed to stage a comeback following a sluggish start . France 's Alize Cornet won their tiebreak in the first set in the third round . Men 's No. 1 Novak Djokovic had no such troubles , routing Spaniard Marcel Granollers in about one hour , 20 minutes . Azarenka struck a mere four winners in the first set against Ivanovic , combined with nine unforced errors . Ivanovic certainly was n't asleep , crushing 17 winners . "  Ana came out firing and played amazing in the first set , and I felt like I was a little out of place , " Azarenka said in an interview on court . "  I was sleeping but she was ripping winners and serving great so I really had to wake up in the second set and fight for the points . "  In the second set I was more determined , more focused and taking the opportunities . " Her numbers were n't that much better in the second set but Ivanovic cooled thanks in part to Azarenka changing the pace at times with a drop shot . In a seesaw third set -- there were four straight breaks at one stage -- Azarenka blew two match points serving at 5-3 only to be let off the hook when Ivanovic dumped a backhand on a fourth match point . Although Ivanovic put up a brave fight , she ultimately slumped to 3-20 against top-two opposition . "  The match points were pretty bad , " Azarenka , who lost last year 's final to Serena Williams , said . "  I did n't really go for my shots . I kept waiting for a mistake . It did n't happen . "  She played really great . Especially in the tough moments I felt she was raising her game . I had to stay tough as well . " Azarenka meets pal Daniela Hantuchova in the quarterfinals having captured two of their four previous encounters . Three of the matches have gone the distance . Former French Open winner Li Na of China achieved a first U.S. Open semifinal by overcoming tricky Russian Ekaterina Makarova 6-4 6-7 6-2 and there was more drama in the men 's fourth round as Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny outlasted fellow veteran Lleyton Hewitt of Australia . Youzhny , previously a semifinalist in New York , upended the 2001 champion 6-3 3-6 6-7 6-4 7-5 in four hours . Having blown a 5-2 lead in the fourth , Hewitt broke Youzhny to get back on serve in the fifth . Youzhny subsequently broke at 5-5 and served out the match . Youzhny next confronts Djokovic , a 6-3 6-0 6-0 winner over a seemingly weakened Granollers . Granollers ' first three matches went to five sets and he also played doubles in New York .	Victoria Azarenka beats Ana Ivanovic in three sets to reach the U.S. Open quarterfinals Azarenka also needed three sets to beat France 's Alize Cornet in the previous round Azarenka is the favorite in the bottom half of the draw to make the final in New York Li Na advanced to the U.S. Open semifinals for the first time by topping Ekaterina Makarova
CNN  -- Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo declared martial law beginning Friday night in the southern province of Maguindanao , where 57 people were killed last week , an army spokesman told CNN Saturday . Army spokesman Lt. Col. Romeo Brawner Jr. said martial law -- under which police can make arrests without a warrant -- went into effect at 9 p.m. Congress would have to approve any extension beyond 60 days . Brawner said the measure was invoked to impose peace on the region after the unrest , which led to troops being mobilized . "  Life is to resume normally and martial law is established to prevent new violence , with troops on the ground monitoring any possible violence breakout , " he said . "  But the civilian government will be running the affairs of the province , not a military governor . " Military police have detained three brothers and their father on suspicion of involvement in the unrest : Akmad Ampatuan , the vice governor of Maguindanao ; Anwar Ampatuan , the mayor of Sherif Auguak , Maguindanao 's capital ; and Zaldy Ampatuan , governor of the Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao . Andal Ampatuan Sr. , the patriarch , became ill and was hospitalized after he too was taken in . "  Local government will function , it will prevent armed groups from wreaking havoc ... and it will allow the officials to search and find the guilty parties , " Brawner said . Security forces on Friday searched the home of Andal Ampatuan Jr. , mayor of Datu Unsay and son of the provincial governor of Maguindanao , according to Brawner . Authorities say Andal Ampatuan Jr. directed the November 23 politically motivated killings . Weapons were found in the house , Brawner said . On Tuesday , Philippine authorities charged Ampatuan and other suspects with 25 counts of murder in the killings . Still more suspects were taken into custody Friday . The Philippine military is investigating its own forces in connection with the case as well , Brawner said . The National Bureau of Investigation has moved a third witness to Manila for questioning , the Philippines News Agency reported Thursday . "  At the moment , we are interviewing the witness , so that we would know what he knows about the incident in Maguindanao , " NBI Director Nestor Mantaring said . The witness claimed to have been at the site during the massacre . "  He is very vital , " Mantaring said . "  From what I know ... he knows a lot of information regarding the incident . " Among the victims in the massacre were the wife and sister of political candidate Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao . He said he had received threats from allies of Gov. Andal Ampatuan , the father of the accused mayor , saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself . Witnesses and local officials have blamed the younger Ampatuan , a longtime ally of the Philippines president and a known warlord . They said the killings were an attempt to block Mangudadatu from challenging him in the May gubernatorial election . Also killed were a dozen journalists who had accompanied the women . Violence in the run-up to elections is not uncommon in the Philippines . The Maguindanao massacre , however , is the worst politically motivated violence in recent Philippine history , according to state media . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation . Suspicion fell on Ampatuan after a government construction vehicle was found at the hastily dug mass grave that held the bodies of the massacre victims . CNN 's Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	NEW : Martial law invoked to impose peace on the region after unrest Measure follows killings of 57 people last week in province of Maguindanao Security forces search the home of Andal Ampatuan Jr. , mayor of Datu Unsay Authorities say Ampatuan Jr. directed the November 23 politically motivated killings
Veteran flight attendant Lee Yoon Hye sensed something was awry as Flight 214 neared the San Francisco International Airport runway . As the plane was supposed to land , it rose briefly as if it was trying to lift off again . Lee had worked 18 years with Asiana Airlines and on Saturday , her skills were tested . The plane slammed down with "  great impact , " said Lee , who sat in the front . Then boom -- the plane hit again . "  It was even more than a hard landing , " Lee , 40 , said . The plane teetered left and right . Shock and survival : Plane crash through the eyes of children After striking the edge of the runway at San Francisco International Airport , the Boeing 777 tumbled into the ground , igniting flames and a trail of smoke . Its tail splintered off and parts of the plane peeled off as it skidded into the earth . When the aircraft finally stopped , she noticed that the emergency inflatable slide located at the right side of the front door had deployed inside the plane . Witnesses say the overhead bins dropped open . Hailed as a hero who ushered passengers out of the Asiana plane , Lee was one of the 12 flight attendants on Flight 214 . Two other flight attendants were not in their seats at the rear of the aircraft when the plane finally ground to a halt , because they were ejected as the aircraft broke up . They were later found near the runway , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . Lee calmly described the chaotic minutes of the Asiana plane crash . Dressed in her airline uniform , her name tag pinned to her jacket and her hair in the airline 's trademark bun , she addressed Korean journalists gathered in San Francisco earlier this week . According to the airline , flight attendants helped passengers get off the plane safely . They opened doors , deployed slides and helped passengers escape , according to JoongAng Daily , a South Korean newspaper . As soon as the plane stopped , Lee knocked on the cockpit door to make sure the pilots were OK . The captain opened the door . "  Are you OK , Captain ? " she asked . "  Yes , I am OK , " he replied . "  Should I perform the evacuation ? " she asked . He told her to wait , she recalled . Interactive : What happened with Asiana Flight 214 ? Lee made an announcement to assure increasingly agitated passengers , telling them that the plane had come to a complete stop . Once evacuation began , Lee said she had a plan . "  I was not thinking , but acting , " she said . "  As soon as I heard 'em ergency escape , ' I conducted the evacuation . " "  When there was a fire , I was just thinking to extinguish it , not thinking that it 's too dangerous or ` What am I going to do ? ' " Asiana flight attendants undergo three months of training including emergencies and terrorist training before their first flight . Did passengers ignore safety messages ? Lee said she saw her colleagues jump into action to help passengers and injured crew even as a fire burned in the back of the airplane . They popped the first emergency slide that had deployed inside with an ax to free a crew member who was struggling to breathe underneath its weight . Another emergency slide in the back trapped another crew member and was deflated with a kitchen knife , Lee said according to South Korean news station YTN . One shaken elementary school-aged boy was afraid to go down the emergency slide , but one of the flight attendants lifted him on her back and escaped with him , Lee said . Earlier this week , Eugene Rah , who was flying his 173rd flight on Asiana Air , told CNN that he saw a 100-pound flight attendant carrying the injured on her back . Joanne Hayes-White , the San Francisco Fire Chief also praised the flight attendant for being "  so composed . " "  She was not concerned for her safety , but everyone else 's , " she said . Lee said she was the last to leave the plane . And she glanced back . "  The ceiling was coming down and I felt like something was dragging the plane . Behind me I could n't see , because it looked like there was a wall . " She had no idea the tail had snapped off or how the plane would be nearly engulfed in flames moments after they had escaped . Two teenagers , both 16 , died in the crash . The rest who were on board escaped : 305 of them .	2 flight attendants were ejected from plane and found on runway Veteran flight attendant Lee Yoon Hye describes crash landing Lee worked with Asiana Airlines for 18 years Emergency slides deployed inside the plane and trapped crew
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Joe Biden on Tuesday said he ca n't believe President Bush has n't known for months about a recent intelligence estimate that downplays the nuclear threat from Iran . Other Democratic candidates also slammed Bush for continuing to ratchet up the rhetoric against Tehran . On Tuesday the president acknowledged he had given a speech warning that Iran 's nuclear development risked "  World War III " about two months after his intelligence chief told him a reassessment of Tehran 's nuclear ambitions was under way . Bush told reporters during a White House news conference that he was not told the details of the new assessment until last week and he said the new report , which found that Iran had halted its nuclear weapons work in 2003 , will not change U.S. policy toward Iran . "  Iran was dangerous , Iran is dangerous and Iran will be dangerous if they have the knowledge necessary to make a nuclear weapon , " Bush said , pointing out that Tehran continues to try to enrich uranium for civilian purposes and therefore develop technology that could be used for a weapon . "  They had the program . They halted the program . It 's a warning signal because they could restart it , " he said . Watch Bush 's credibility questioned " Bush told reporters that he was told of "  new information " about Iran in August during a briefing by Adm. Mike McConnell , the director of national intelligence . "  He did n't tell me what the information was . He did tell me it was going to take a while to analyze , " the president said . He said he was n't briefed about the new information until the new intelligence report was prepared last week . The Democratic presidential candidates were incredulous that Bush did not know about the assessment 's new finding . Biden , the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , called that explanation "  unbelievable . " "  Are you telling me a president that 's briefed every single morning , who 's fixated on Iran , is not told back in August that the tentative conclusion of 16 intelligence agencies in the U.S. government said they had abandoned their effort for a nuclear weapon in ' 03 ? " Biden asked in a conference call with reporters . "  I refuse to believe that , " he added . "  If that 's true , he has the most incompetent staff in modern American history , and he 's one of the most incompetent presidents in modern American history . " The Bush administration has spent years warning that Iran 's development of nuclear power plants and enriched uranium masked an effort to produce an atomic bomb . Top officials have called the prospect of a nuclear-armed Iran "  unacceptable . " In an October 17 news conference , Bush said that "  If you 're interested in avoiding World War III , it seems like you ought to be interested in preventing them from having the knowledge necessary to make a nuclear weapon . " And four days later , Vice President Dick Cheney told a Washington think tank that Iran would face "  serious consequences " from the international community if it continued to enrich uranium . But in a report released Monday , U.S. intelligence agencies concluded that Iran had suspended nuclear weapons work in 2003 and was unlikely to produce enough weapons-grade uranium for a bomb until at least 2010 . The assessment reverses a 2005 National Intelligence Estimate that found the Islamic republic was "  determined to develop nuclear weapons despite its international obligations and international pressure . " See how the 2005 and 2007 estimates differ " The United States and its European allies are pushing for tighter sanctions against Tehran as a result of that continued refusal , and Bush said Monday 's report "  makes it clear that the strategy we have used in the past is effective . " But Biden said Monday 's report was an unpleasant echo of the run-up to the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 -- a war that was launched based on mistaken conclusions about Iraq 's weapons programs . He said the result of Bush 's rhetoric has been to make it "  far more difficult " to round up support for continued sanctions on Tehran . "  It 's hard to think of a more serious and more self-inflicted wound to our national security than this president continues to inflict , " Biden said . Republican National Committee spokesman Brian Walton accused Biden of trying to bolster his own presidential campaign . "  Apparently Joe Biden has seen recent polling that shows his statistical insignificance and is looking for relevance in the debate by offering heated rhetoric , " Walton said . Biden and other Democrats now hoping to replace Bush after 2008 used the report to call for new talks with Iran over the nuclear issue , offering the prospect of renewed economic and diplomatic ties in exchange for a halt to uranium enrichment . "  I think we do know that pressure on Iran does have an effect , " Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton , D-New York , said during a Democratic debate Tuesday held by National Public Radio . "  I think that is an important lesson . But we 're not going to reach the kind of resolution that we should seek unless we put that into the context of a diplomatic process . " And Sen. Barack Obama , D-Illinois , told the same forum that Bush "  continues to not let facts get in the way of his ideology . " "  They should have stopped the saber rattling ; should have never started it . And they need , now , to aggressively move on the diplomatic front , " he said . But national security adviser Stephen Hadley said Monday that Bush was not told to tone down his rhetoric about Iran 's nuclear ambitions when advised that a change in the U.S. estimate was coming -- and would have made his remarks about "  World War III " either way . "  It was making a point that the president and we have been making for two or three years -- that the international community has to exert more pressure , because Iran needs to suspend -LSB- its -RSB- enrichment program , " Hadley said . "  That continues to be our policy after this latest National Intelligence Estimate . " And Bush said the new estimate "  does n't do anything to change my opinion about the danger Iran poses to the world -- quite the contrary . " E-mail to a friend	Democratic presidential candidates blast the president for his rhetoric against Iran President Bush said Iran 's nuclear program risked "  World War III " New assessment says Tehran stopped nuclear weapons program in 2003 Biden says Bush "  incompetent " if he did n't know about new assessment earlier
CNN  -- Police in Paris are searching for a self-proclaimed porn star suspected of killing and cutting up a university student in Canada , authorities in Montreal said Sunday . Police Cmdr. Ian LaFreniere said sightings of the suspect , 29-year-old Luka Rocco Magnotta , are being investigated in Paris , but that he could be anywhere . Montreal authorities on Saturday detailed the charges pending against Magnotta , accusing him of first-degree murder in the grisly killing and dismembering of the student and threatening , among others , Canada 's prime minister . The search for him began after a severed hand and foot were mailed to the Ottawa headquarters of Canada 's Liberal and Conservative parties , while a torso was discovered stuffed in a suitcase and tossed in the trash heap of a Montreal apartment building . What specific accusations he would face if he 's captured became clearer Saturday , when police in Montreal released information from his arrest warrant . Besides murder , the charges include producing , distributing or possessing "  any obscene written matter , picture , model ... or other thing , " mailing "  anything that is obscene , indecent , immoral or scurrilous , " and "  improperly or indecently  offering  any indignity to a dead human body or human remains . " The accusations relate to the violent death of a Concordia University student from China . Lafreniere identified the victim Friday as 33-year-old Jun Lin . The Chinese consulate in Montreal said Lin was from the central Chinese city of Wuhan . Police believe Lin was killed and his body dismembered either on May 24 or 25 in a Montreal apartment . A 10-minute video showing what transpired was then posted online . "  We believe he filmed himself , " Lafreniere said earlier this week of the suspect . "  It 's gross ... This is a very deranged person . He is looking for attention and he got it , but not in a positive way . " According to a more detailed copy of the arrest warrant posted on the website of CNN affiliate CBC , the fifth charge of "  uttering threats " accuses Magnotta of "  causing  Prime Minister  Stephen Harper and members of parliament to reasonably fear for their safety . " Harper is the leader of the Conservative party , one of the offices that had body parts mailed to it . Magnotta , who was born as Eric Clinton Newman and also uses the alias Vladimir Romanov , fled by plane from Montreal to Europe , Lafreniere has said . That prompted Interpol , the global police agency , to alert authorities in 190 countries . On Friday , police had indications that the suspect may have been aboard a flight traveling from Paris to Montreal . Yet there was no sign of him after a search of the plane , Lafreniere said . Having earlier indicated that Magnotta is good at disguising himself , the police commander said Saturday that the suspect could now be anywhere in Europe , though authorities have n't ruled out the possibility he may be back in Canada . Police described Magnotta as being 5 feet , 8 inches tall and about 135 pounds , with black hair and blue eyes . His name may not have been known before this week , but his digital footprints were large . He was notorious among online animal rights activists , who pegged him as a serial kitten killer who used cat carcasses in sexual acts . Suspect in body parts probe described as ` creepy ' and a kitten-killer A Facebook group started in December 2010 dubbed him the "  Vacuum Kitten Killer , " after a video was posted on YouTube showing kittens being killed by suffocation and drowning . "  Members of this group have spent over a year searching for this individual , who we believe is also responsible for several videos where animals were killed , " the group said Thursday . "  Information gathered by group members was passed on to the authorities in Canada , and we were informed that they were actively working on locating the person seen in the videos hurting animals . " Lafreniere has said police are aware of the animal abuse allegations . On what appears to be his own website , Magnotta defended himself as a victim of cyberstalking . "  Once and for all , I will set the record straight , " he wrote . "  Many hoax websites are created using my image and name , posing as me to seem more believable in respect to the type of audience these website  sic  have , I feel I do n't need to list them specifically but people need not be told , not to believe what they read and to take it as fact . " The website has writing in Arabic and Russian , and shows images of Magnotta half-naked and with lips in a distinct runway pout . Lafreniere from the Montreal police expressed confidence that Magnotta will be caught sooner or later -- predicting his desire for attention may be his downfall . "  This man uses the Web to glorify himself , and  authorities  hope this habit will lead to his capture , " the police commander said Saturday . CNN 's Paula Newton contributed to this report .	French authorities investigate a reported sighting of Luka Rocco Magnotta Police say Magnotta killed and dismembered a Chinese student , then mailed body parts He caused "  Stephen Harper and  lawmakers  to reasonably fear for their safety , " it says A warrant notes that police want him arrested on 5 charges , including murder
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo should be allowed to leave European champions Manchester United for Real Madrid if he wants , says FIFA president Sepp Blatter . Manchester United made a formal complaint to FIFA about Real Madrid 's interest in Ronaldo last month . Questioned about the protracted wrangle over the 23-year-old 's future , Blatter told Sky News that the practice of binding players to lengthy contracts amounts to "  modern slavery " . Ronaldo himself later agreed with Blatter 's assessment of his transfer standoff with Manchester United . United have vowed not to sell their star winger to Real Madrid , but Ronaldo has spoken of his desire to join the Spanish champions -- although he is yet to submit a transfer request . He told Portuguese broadcaster TVI : "  You know what I said , what I want and what I would like . Let 's see , I agree completely with the president of FIFA . Now I have to wait and see , but I do not know where I will begin the season . " Ronaldo also added that he will be sidelined for 10 or 12 weeks while he recovers from Monday 's surgery on his right ankle . The Portuguese winger 's future at Old Trafford has been the source of heated speculation , with Spanish giants Real making clear they want to sign him at any cost . United made a formal complaint to FIFA about Madrid 's interest last month , but football 's governing body said that no regulations had been broken . "  I 'm always in favor of protecting the player , and if the player wants to leave , let him leave , " said Blatter . "  If the player wants to play somewhere else , then a solution should be found because if he stays in a club where he does not feel comfortable to play then it 's not good for the player and for the club . " Ronaldo , who hit 42 goals for United last season , has a contract until 2012 and Blatter believes the issue raises concerns about the way transfers and contracts are dealt with in the game . He said he was "  very in sympathy " with Ronaldo over his current position . "  I think in football there 's too much modern slavery in transferring players or buying players here and there , and putting them somewhere , " he added . "  We are trying now to intervene in such cases . The reaction to the Bosman law is to make long-lasting contacts in order to keep the players and then if he wants to leave , then there is only one solution , he has to pay his contract . " A United spokesperson told PA Sport : "  All our players -- like at other clubs -- enter into their contracts after an open and free negotiation . "  Most of whom do after taking advice from a FIFA-registered agent . Many do so on a number of occasions and enjoy long and successful stays at Old Trafford . " UEFA have warned that players are becoming ever more powerful as a consequence of the Bosman ruling -- and played down Blatter 's suggestions they are slaves to clubs . Communications director William Gaillard , who also serves as special advisor to UEFA president Michel Platini , gave a different point of view and claimed salaries are "  spiralling out of control " . "  It would be useful to remind people that slaves in all of the slavery systems never earned a wage , " Gaillard told Sky Sports News . The Bosman ruling came into effect in 1995 , allowing players free transfers at the end of contracts , and those coming to the conclusion of their deals have become prey for other clubs . "  It seems that both clubs and players are trying to negotiate an exit before the player is free , " said Gaillard . "  It is a consequence of the Bosman ruling -- there is nothing we can do about that . "  It is obvious that today players have a lot more power than they did 20 years ago , undoubtedly , and agents have a lot more power than they did 20 years ago . It is true that salaries are spiralling out of control . Many clubs have pointed that out . " Blatter went on to dismiss the Premier League 's much-criticised ' 39th step ' proposals , insisting plans to play competitive matches overseas -- either in the league or domestic cups -- was doomed to fail . He said : "  The 39th game as presented will never happen . To my knowledge what they  the Premier League  want to do is perhaps to play some of the League Cup matches somewhere outside of England . That 's the last information I got . "	Cristiano Ronaldo should be allowed to leave Manchester Utd says FIFA chief Binding players to long deals amounts to "  modern slavery " says Sepp Blatter Ronaldo was later quoted as saying : "  I agree completely with FIFA president "
CNN  -- A man suspected of killing five members of his family and wounding another on Thursday committed suicide after police surrounded him in a house , police in Cleveland , Ohio , said Friday . Police say Davon Crawford , 33 , killed his new wife , her sister and three children . Acting on a tip , police surrounded the house and then entered it after seeing a man who matched the description of suspect Davon Crawford briefly step outside , police spokesman Lt. Thomas Stacho said . "  They confronted the male hiding in a bathroom , " Stacho said . "  When he spotted the agents , then he took his own life . " Cleveland police launched a manhunt Thursday for Crawford , 33 , suspected of killing his new wife , Lechea Crawford , 30 ; her sister , Rose Stevens , 25 ; and three of Stevens ' children , Destiny Woods , 5 , and 2-year-old twins Dion and Davion Primm . A 7-year-old boy was shot and hospitalized , Julie Short , a spokeswoman for MetroHealth Medical Center , said Friday . The boy 's grandfather told CNN affiliate WEWS that the boy was in stable condition and talking after having been shot in the shoulder . A fourth child , a 12-year-old boy , managed to escape , WKYC reported . The Cleveland Plain Dealer also reported that a 2-month-old girl , the daughter of Davon and Lechea Crawford , escaped the shooting unharmed and is being cared for . Police began searching for Crawford , 33 , Thursday night after receiving a call around 8 p.m. to the upper floor of a duplex . "  It looks like it was some type of domestic argument that sparked this tragedy , " Police Chief Michael McGrath said Friday . The CNN Radio Network contributed to this story .	NEW : Davon Crawford shoots self after police find him in bathroom Crawford was accused of shooting wife , her sister and her three children 12-year-old escaped ; 7-year-old in hospital after being shot "  Domestic argument " may have sparked shooting , police chief says
CNN  -- Five years ago , on October 3 , 2008 , with the economy in a tailspin , President George W. Bush signed the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program into law , giving the government the ability to bail out the big banks to prevent further calamity . A number of factors caused the economic collapse , but one in particular stands out -- a witch 's brew of money and politics . As the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission wrote in its 2011 report , "  It did not surprise the Commission that an industry of such wealth and power would exert pressure on policy makers and regulators . From 1999 to 2008 , the financial sector expended $ 2.7 billion in reported federal lobbying expenses ; individuals and political action committees in the sector made more than $ 1 billion in campaign contributions . " Five years later , with millions of Americans still unemployed or underemployed , not much has changed . Wall Street is still the biggest player in Washington . The industry dished out more dough than any other industry during the 2012 election . In the first six months of 2013 , the finance , insurance and real estate sector has already given $ 63 million to federal candidates and committees . It has spent $ 242 million on more than 2,000 lobbyists . The Dodd-Frank financial reform was an important legislation and it has , and will continue , to protect consumers from abuses of the banks . But the industry played a major role in what rules were passed and it continues to play a role in the implementation of regulation rules . Soon , the Supreme Court may give bankers and wealthy special interests -- the same guys and gals who wrecked the economy in 2008 -- even more influence . On October 8 , the court will hear oral arguments in McCutcheon v. FEC , a case brought by Alabama businessman Shaun McCutcheon and the Republican National Committee that threatens to remove the aggregate limits that individual donors can give , in total , to federal candidates and committees each election cycle . For the 2014 election cycle , that total is $ 123,200 -- more than double the median American family income . If the court sides with McCutcheon , an individual donor could bundle more than $ 1 million to congressional fundraising committees . So what does this have to do with Wall Street and TARP ? Plenty . Some 28 % of the roughly 1,200 individuals who got within 10 % of the aggregate limit in the 2012 election work on Wall Street . These super donors work at Goldman Sachs , Elliott Management and other top financial firms . Wall Street was the biggest industry to put money into politics . If aggregate limits are thrown out , a future presidential candidate could be allowed to ask for a $ 2 million donation for his campaign and various committees . Congressional leaders could set up a fundraising committee that could take in $ 3.5 million from one donor . That 's a sweet deal for Wall Street , but it 's a raw deal for democracy . Based on past precedent , the court should uphold the current limits . But whether the justices do or do not , our democracy is already in trouble . Congress must act to raise the voices of We the People . StampStampede.org brings the issue home to Main Street . The Stampede encourages people to legally stamp messages such as "  not to be used for bribing politicians " on our nation 's currency to support reforms to #GetMoneyOut of politics . Every bill is seen an average of 875 times and helps demonstrate a growing , sustained demand for reform . One solution is modeled on successful systems in Arizona , Connecticut and Maine , which allow candidates to run competitive campaigns for office by relying on a mix of small donations and limited public funds . There are a handful of similar measures already introduced in Congress . They would empower small dollar donors and help them compete with the lobbyists , bankers and wealthy donors writing big checks . The American people want and deserve a representative democracy that represents the people , not super-rich donors . But unless we come together and demand change , Congress will continue to be owned  or at least rented  by big money . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ben Cohen and Betty Ahrens .	It 's been five years since the government bailed out banks during the economic crisis Ben Cohen , Betty Ahrens : Today , Wall Street is still the biggest player in Washington In upcoming McCutcheon v. FEC , Supreme Court may give the rich even more power Cohen , Ahrens : We need democracy that represents the people , not super rich donors
CNN  Before this week , David Boren did n't need to add to his resume . It was impressive enough already . The 73-year-old University of Oklahoma president was also a former governor , former U.S. senator and Rhodes scholar . Boren has become the face of the school 's stand against racism after a highly visible and passionate condemnation of a video that appears to show Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity members chanting a racial epitaph . It started with a bullhorn at a campus rally . "  I have a message for those who have misused their freedom of speech in this way . My message to them is : You 're disgraceful . You have violated every principle that this university stands for . " It continued with a press conference , saying fraternity members had until midnight Tuesday to get out of their house . "  The house will be closed , and as far as I 'm concerned , they wo n't be back , " Boren said , adding that the university is exploring what actions it can take against individual fraternity members . And it extended to network television . "  Sooners are not racists . They 're not bigots , " Boren told CNN in one of his many public reprimands . "  They are people who respect each other and care about each other . " Boren spent nearly 30 years in elected office before becoming the 13th president of the University of Oklahoma in 1994 . He was a U.S. senator from 1979 to 1994 , where he was the longest serving chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee . Before that , he served four years as Oklahoma 's governor . He campaigned as a reformer , with a broom as his symbol , and when elected , he became the youngest governor in the state . He was 33 at the time . Boren is the first person in Oklahoma history to have served all three positions , according to his university biography . Boren graduated from Yale University in 1963 , in the top one percent of his class . He was selected as a Rhodes scholar and earned a master 's degree in politics , philosophy and economics from Oxford University , England , in 1965 . Boren received his law degree from the University of Oklahoma in 1968 . Both his father , Lyle , and his son , Dan , served in the U.S. House of Representatives . Zero tolerance is the only answer to racism , Boren said . Not just for the school , but the nation . "  It 's not just the Greek system , it 's not just colleges and universities . It 's Ferguson , Missouri . All sorts of elements of our society are involved , " he said . For now , Boren said the school is looking into punishing the individuals involved , especially any of those who led the chants . "  We 're trying to determine if we have enough evidence and if we can meet the federal standards to prevail in court , and , if so , we 'll take action , " Boren said . "  This is not a place that wants racists or bigots on our campus or will tolerate it so I think you have to send a very strong signal . " In the meantime , Boren said he will work with students who are calling for a change , including Unheard , a campus organization that formed in response to the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson . Unheard , along with the university newspaper , anonymously received the video showing the fraternity chant and made it public Boren started meeting with the group in January , well ahead of the SAE video . Both sides described the sessions as "  constructive , " the Washington Post reported Monday . "  They are very constructive . They have very good ideas and we 're going to make it better . We 're determined to make it better , " Boren told CNN .	Boren is the first person in Oklahoma history to serve as governor , senator and OU president He 's the face of the university 's stand against racism
Mental Floss  -- The classic "  Seinfeld " episode "  The Bottle Deposit " will be 15 years old in May . In honor of Kramer and Newman 's ill-fated trip to Michigan in a mail truck full of bottles and cans they hoped to redeem for dimes , let 's take a look at why Michigan 's bottle deposit is so high . How long has Michigan had the dime deposit ? The 10-cent deposit traces its roots back to the Michigan Beverage Containers Law of 1976 . Here 's how it works : the consumer pays an additional dime up front , which will be refunded when the can or bottle is returned . The rule aims to curb litter , encourage recycling , and provide funding for environmental programs . Mental Floss : Why Does Bottled Water Have an Expiration Date ? Does the higher deposit prompt more recycling ? A five-cent difference may sound trifling , but the higher deposit helps make Michigan 's recycling program wildly successful . Although it 's tough to track fraudulent cans and bottles that come in from outside the state , the Michigan program has returned over 95 percent of the deposits it has taken in since the year 2000 . According to stats published by the Container Recycling Institute , these rates dramatically outpace those in states with nickel deposits , where redemption rates largely remain in the 60-to-80-percent range . Those dimes add up , too . In 2008 , Michigan returned over $ 407 million in deposits . Mental Floss : A Seinfeld guest star quiz Could Kramer and Newman really have pulled off their stunt ? Possibly , but it would have been illegal . Bringing in containers from other states and taking Michigan 's dimes is technically fraud . In 2011 , they 'd have had an additional problem , as the state now uses "  reverse vending machines " to scan barcodes and make sure the container in question is eligible for redemption . Moreover , they might have had to find quite a few stores to redeem their cans . Under Michigan law , retailers have to return $ 25 worth of deposits per person per day . Retailers are allowed to return larger sums at their own discretion , but they 're only required to shell out $ 25 to each person . Since Kramer and Newman had $ 500 worth of cans apiece , they might have found themselves hoofing it to 20 different retailers . Mental Floss : Stories behind 11 regional soft drinks Has anyone actually tried this scam ? Oh yeah . In 2007 , Michigan State Police ran Operation Can Scam -- no points for creative naming there -- which led to the arraignment of 10 grocers and conspirators . The grocers ' scam was pretty much Kramer and Newman 's idea on a grander scale : smugglers in Ohio collected millions of cans and sold them to grocers at a discount off the 10-cent redemption value . The grocers then redeemed the deposits for the full dime , and everyone made a profit . At least they did until the law caught wind of the scheme . In the course of making the 10 arrests , the authorities turned up millions of cans and $ 500,000 in cash . The director of the Michigan State Police told ClickonDetroit.com that similar scams defraud the state of $ 13 million each year . What happens to any unclaimed dimes ? Even though an extremely high percentage of containers are returned , unclaimed deposits still regularly add up to eight-figure sums each year . Three quarters of that money goes into the Cleanup and Redevelopment Trust Fund to pay for environmental programs , while the remainder goes to the retailers . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	In "  The Bottle Deposit , " Seinfeld 's Kramer and Newman hope to redeem bottles and cans The higher deposit makes Michigan 's recycling program successful Operation Can Scam led to the arraignment of 10 grocers and conspirators .
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy kept his nerve in the face of a last day charge from Tiger Woods to win the Honda Classic Sunday and jump to the top of the world rankings . The 22-year-old from Northern Ireland finished with a one-under-par 69 for a 12-under total of 268 at the PGA National in Florida . The victory will see him leapfrog England 's Luke Donald as world No. 1 , a week after missing out on the honor when beaten by Hunter Mahan in the WGC Match Play final . 14-time major winner Woods showed he is still a force to be reckoned with after a closing eight-under 62 , his lowest final round as a professional . He finished by draining an eight-foot eagle putt on the 18th to set the clubhouse target on 10-under 270 . World no. 3 Lee Westwood also charged through the field on the last day with a 63 to finish on eight-under . McIlroy , under constant pressure from those ahead of him and playing partner Tom Gillis , had to wait until the eighth for his first birdie of the day . He dropped a shot at the 12th , but retrieved it with a birdie at the next to give himself a cushion playing the "  Bear Trap " holes of 15 , 16 and 17 . The U.S. Open champion duly completed that test in level par and he played safe on the 18th for a par-five to wrap up his third PGA tour title . "  First and foremost it 's just great to win this tournament , " McIlroy said . "  It was tough today , especially seeing Tiger make a charge . I knew par would probably good enough today , that 's what I was trying to do . " The 43-year-old Gillis birdied the 18th to tie Woods for second , two back , for his best finish on the tour .	Rory McIlroy wins Honda Classic tournament in Florida McIlroy will go to no. 1 in the new world rankings Tiger Woods puts him under pressure after an eight-under 62 Woods and Tom Gillis finish tied for second
CNN  -- Liechtenstein , a tiny principality nestled in between Switzerland and Austria , is attempting to shake its tag as a tax haven following intense international pressure . Since 2008 , it has signed at least 20 Tax Information Exchange Agreements with countries across the world including Germany , the UK and the United States . The principality 's Hereditary Prince Alois said Liechtenstein still has strong banking secrecy but has a more open taxation system . "  I would say today we are a safe haven , rather than a tax haven , " he said . Liechtenstein is one of Europe 's most robust economies , but despite this Prince Alois is not immune to concerns over the eurozone debt crisis . According to the heir apparent , the general view of the situation is "  that we have to suffer in the next few years . " With this in mind the nation is considering cutting back its social security system as it faces the headwinds of Europe 's economic crisis . The Prince said such a move would be unpopular , but there may be no option . "  Our social security system is on a higher level than Switzerland , people wo n't like it if we move down to a Swiss level , but it would be much easier , " he told CNN . It 's an area the Prince has identified which needs to adapt amidst the current uncertainty . That compares to the principality 's manufacturing industry , which he says will more or less have the ability to continue in the same as it has always . Liechtenstein has a population of just 35,000 but has managed to build and sustain a strong industrialized economy , with production making up a large proportion of its GDP . The Prince said Liechtenstein 's challenge was to ensure it remained an attractive business environment , and that it continued to lure highly skilled professionals . The principality 's location is a major benefit , the Prince said . Its proximity to Switzerland , Australia and Germany allowed it to tap markets with high quality universities . CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Liechtenstein is one of Europe 's most robust economies It 's attempting to shake its tag as a tax haven following international pressure Liechtenstein 's Prince Alois says he is concerned about the eurozone crisis
MOSCOW  CNN  -- In his first televised interview since he was launched toward the presidency again , Russia 's powerful Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said Monday that his goal of returning to the Kremlin was to "  stabilize " and "  diversify " the national economy as well as to "  strengthen the fundamental basis of the political system and the democratic institutions " of the country . Putin said he "  had never sought this post  the presidency  " in the first place , but once he accepted his responsibilities , he wanted to continue pulling Russia out of decades of economic and political turbulence following the demise of the Soviet Union . "  If I start something , I either try to complete it , or at least improve things as much as I can , " he said . He pointed to the examples of Franklin D. Roosevelt , who led the United States as president for four consecutive terms ; former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl , who was in office for 16 years ; and post-World War II French and Canadian leaders who served lengthy tenures . However , Putin said that using his political influence he could have easily adjusted the Russian constitution to allow himself another consecutive run after having served two presidential terms from 2000 to 2008 , but chose not to do so and stepped down , paving the way for his hand-picked successor , Dmitry Medvedev . Over the past two years , Putin and Medvedev have repeatedly fanned the flames of intrigue by saying in public they would decide together which of them would run for the Russian presidency in 2012 . Putin 's taped interview was aired Monday on Russia 's three national networks -- Channel One , Russia 1 and NTV . Medvedev used exactly the same format on September 30 -- talking to the same interviewees -- to explain that he is ceding his presidential bid to Putin because Putin has higher public opinion ratings , and therefore stronger election chances . But in his Monday interview Putin said he envisioned his return to the country 's top job all along . "  Four years ago , we agreed that this scenario was quite possible if we endure this period of fairly serious tests , " Putin said . "  We decided that if we go through the next four years successfully , then we will have the right to put forward our idea of power configuration to the society : who will do what , what principles we will stick to , and where we will lead our country and our state . "  The moment came and we put it forward , " he said . "  This is a settled issue for us , but not for our citizens . We proposed this configuration and it 's up to the citizens to show at polling stations whether they accept this proposal , " Putin added . Last month , Medvedev called on the ruling United Russia party to endorse Putin for president in 2012 . Putin in turn suggested that Medvedev should take over the role of prime minister if the party wins parliamentary elections in December , in what would be a straight swap of their roles . Under amendments to the constitution that came into force on December 31 , 2008 , the presidential term was extended to six years . This means that if Putin is elected in March 2012 for six years , he would be eligible to run for another six-year term after that , potentially keeping him in charge until 2024 . But in the Monday interview , Putin brushed aside widespread parallels between his future presidency and the rule of old and incompetent Soviet leaders who led the Soviet Union in the 1970s and '80s . "  I can not recall post-war Soviet leaders working as intensively as I do or as President Dmitry Medvedev does , " Putin said . "  They  Soviet leaders  were unable , because of their physical condition . ... Perhaps , they could have stirred themselves into action , but the problem was they did not understand what to do . Nor did they have the will to do it , " he said . Putin said his government , which successfully handled the 2008-2010 world financial crisis , is better than ever prepared for new economic tests . He said that despite the hard times , the Russian economy will grow by 4 % this year , and that the annual inflation rate , which now stands at 4.7 % , is projected to be the lowest in the past two decades .	Putin says he always envisioned his return to Russia 's top job "  If I start something , I either try to complete it , or at least improve things , " he says Putin 's hand-picked successor , Dmitry Medvedev , has ceded his presidential bid to Putin Putin has suggested that Medvedev should take over the role of prime minister
Editor 's Note : Matthew Continetti is the associate editor of The Weekly Standard . His book "  The Persecution of Sarah Palin " is slated for publication by Penguin Sentinel in the spring of 2010 . Sarah Palin 's charisma is such that she does n't need to hold an office to wield influence , Matthew Continetti says . CNN  -- "  Everything changed on August 29 in politics in Alaska , " Sarah Palin told NBC 's Andrea Mitchell this week . The reference was to the day last year when John McCain announced that Palin , a 44-year-old mother of five who became Alaska 's governor only in December 2006 , would be his presidential running mate . McCain 's surprise pick altered the trajectory of the 2008 campaign -- for a few weeks , at least -- and launched Palin , until then an unknown political neophyte , on the path to global celebrity . But it also set in motion a chain of events that , a little more than 10 months later , would culminate in Palin 's surprise announcement that she would leave her office effective July 26 . Before the day she joined the 2008 Republican presidential ticket , Alaskans saw Sarah Palin as a champion of ethics in government who had twice defeated oil interests , governed with Democrats in a bipartisan manner and brought down powerful members of her own party . She enjoyed record approval ratings , and her major initiatives had all been signed into law . But the good times did n't last . By the following July , Palin 's approval numbers had sunk to the mid-50th percentile , the coalition on which she governed had collapsed , and most of her time was spent combating a hostile media and frivolous ethics complaints . What happened ? The campaign . The reaction to Palin 's nomination was as visceral as it was unhinged . Knowing almost nothing of the feisty hockey mom turned political dragon-slayer , some in the media turned rumors -- had Palin supported Patrick Buchanan ? Had she been a member of the Alaska Independence Party ? Did she believe that dinosaurs were around a couple thousand years ago ? -- into established facts . Not content to examine Palin 's actual record , the press did its best to transform the unconventional , pragmatic politician into a fire-breathing social conservative who was outside the American mainstream . Democratic partisans committed to Barack Obama 's election demonized Palin until she became the emblem for everything liberals think is wrong with America . Comedians lampooned her accent , her looks , her religion , her education and her family . The same McCain aides who championed Palin for vice president later turned on her and leaked damaging  and false  information to a press eager for any tidbit confirming its view that the governor was unqualified and reckless . One lousy interview with Katie Couric did n't help . Something about Sarah Palin riles people up . After the McCain-Palin ticket lost the election and the governor returned to Alaska , the onslaught against her did not cease . The Democrats in the state legislature who once had been Palin 's allies turned on her . Her opponents , continuing their never-ending search for dirt , inundated the governor 's office with 150 Freedom of Information Act requests for documents relating to Palin 's schedule and contacts . The Anchorage Daily News counts 18 ethics complaints filed against Palin . All of them have been dismissed , but at great cost to the state in man-hours and wasted resources . The Palin family 's personal legal liability is around half a million dollars . Meanwhile , the father of her grandchild went on a publicity tour flacking "  intimate " details about her family , and David Letterman joked on national television about Alex Rodriguez impregnating her underage daughter Willow .  He later apologized , saying he intended for the joke to be about Palin 's 18-year-old daughter , Bristol . As if that would make it any more tasteful .  And McCain sources kept providing ridiculous insinuations about her to reporters  all on background , of course  . Palin did nothing to deserve the acrimonious venom that has been flung at her non-stop since she first appeared onstage with McCain . The professional , emotional and financial toll on her has been incredible . Partisan agendas and personal animosities have left her with few friends and many opponents in Alaska . And so , last week , she did what she is used to doing . She shook up the playing field . On July 26 , Palin will be a free woman . No longer will she have to juggle official responsibilities , a national political following and her children . She can travel freely to the Lower 48 without worrying about how it may affect her standing back home . She can defend herself and her family against slander without the controversy distracting from the duties of high office . She can make money to pay the bills . She can pick her battles without being hemmed in by the state legislature and bureaucracy . Palin is impulsive . Her charisma is such that she does not need to hold an office to command attention or wield influence . She resigned from the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission all of a sudden in 2004 , plunged into a Republican gubernatorial primary in October 2005 and joined McCain 's campaign without hesitation . Two of these three dizzying moves ended up in victory , and one did not . Two out of three is n't bad . Why should n't Palin think another gamble might pay off ? Palin herself may not know her next move . Speculation about her presidential ambitions is premature , though it will be much easier for her to build a national organization now that she has no professional ties to Alaska . Whatever she does will be noticed , that 's for sure . Because the attention lavished on Palin 's decision is further evidence of her unwitting ability to bring out deep-seated feelings of admiration -- and loathing -- in people . We will be hearing from Palin , and from the Palin-haters , for a long while to come .	Palin 's impulsive moves have yielded positive results in the past , Continetti says He says speculations about her presidential ambitions are premature "  Whatever she does will be noticed , " Continetti says
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The body shrouded in white with blue trim passed through the crowd of mourners who wept openly . Hearts broke as a small child was held up to kiss his deceased father goodbye for the last time . The boy was one of five children suddenly left fatherless . Eviatar Borovsky , 31 , had no idea his life would end Tuesday at the beginning of his day . Israeli police say he was attacked at 8:30 in the morning doing the most mundane of tasks , waiting at his local bus stop . He died a violent death . Borovsky was a Jewish settler living on land in the West Bank that Palestinians say was stolen from them . He lived in the Itzar settlement , a community known to foster hard-core Jewish believers who have often clashed with their Palestinian neighbors . Borovsky thought where he lived was dangerous enough to carry a gun . Police say he had it on him when he was attacked but it ended up being used against him . Police say a Palestinian who had just been released from an Israeli prison for stone throwing attacked Borovsky by stabbing him three times , then snatched Borovsky 's gun and shot him with it . It happened feet away from a checkpoint , under the watching eye of a watchtower . Other settlers who live in the area said they had been warning the government for a while that they needed more protection against Palestinian attacks . "  We are in an area where there are security threats . This is not the first time that a Jewish resident has been targeted by terrorism . Just a few months back there was a similar attack a teenage boy was also stabbed , " said settler David Ha'ivri . In March 2011 , Udi and Ruth Fogel and three of their children were killed in the West Bank . The tension between Palestinians and settlers in the West Bank are suddenly on high again . Retaliation for harm done by one community to another is a fixture of life . It is almost as certain as Newton 's law : For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction . The reaction came when young Jewish settlers began setting fires around the closest Palestinian village , Asira al-Qibliya . The settlers also lashed out by throwing rocks , by hand and slingshot , at the Palestinian villagers living below . Authorities said the Palestinian suspected in the killing was n't from the village being targeted . But that did n't seem to matter . The Israeli army showed up and for a time played a cat and mouse game with settlers who were setting fires , throwing stones and running away . It was just a year ago Asira al-Qibliya was the scene of a shooting in plain sight of Israeli soldiers . A settler injured a Palestintian man in that incident . A Palestinian mother whose home happens to be on the front line of the war over land in that area took video of the May 2012 incident . She was out on her roof again this year watching as tear gas , stones and fires erupted below her . Her outer walls show scars of past battles . She begins to cry because she says she does n't want her children to have to live in fear . "  It is a very difficult life , it 's a life of suffering and always living in fear . I get agitated , " said Khader Maklouf . "  I ca n't speak when I see my children , my daughters , afraid . It is something very difficult . " Residents say the difficulties had subsided for a time after the Israeli army moved into a small outpost over looking the area . Now both communities fear a return to a life where violence is the norm -- not the exception . A second stabbing incident Another stabbing took place Tuesday in the Jersualem neighborhood of Mea Shearim , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . The assailants who stabbed a Palestinian man fled the scene , Rosenfeld said . The victim was taken to a hospital for treatment . Gaza airstrike An Israeli airstrike in Gaza targeted a man suspected of taking part in the Eilat attack earlier this month , the Israeli military said . Israel Defense Forces said it targeted 24-year-old Hithem Ziad Ibrahim Masshal in the strike , and that "  a direct hit was confirmed . " But Ashraf Al Qudra , spokesman for the Palestinian health minister in Gaza , said the strike killed a 29-year-old hospital security officer riding on a motorbike . Another person riding on the bike was seriously wounded , medics said . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said militant rocket attacks , like the one that prompted the Israeli airstrike , are n't acceptable and wo n't be tolerated . "  We will act , and are acting , in order to defend Israeli citizens , " he said Tuesday . CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Michael Schwartz and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Police : Palestinian man kills an Israeli settler in the West Bank Assailants stab a Palestinian man in a Jerusalem neighborhood Israeli says it makes a "  direct hit " on a suspected terrorist in Gaza A Palestinian says the airstrike killed a hospital security officer
CNN  -- Doctors chose a woman who survived a shotgun wound to her face as the first recipient of a face transplant after treating her for nearly four years . This image projects what Connie Culp , 46 , may look like two years after the face transplant . Connie Culp knew of the Cleveland Clinic 's interest in face transplants and approached the medical staff , doctors said at a news conference Tuesday . Dr. Maria Siemionow , the Cleveland , Ohio , hospital 's director of plastic surgery research and head of microsurgery training , had more than 20 years of experience in complex transplants . By 2004 , Siemionow was looking for the right candidate for a face transplant who was n't doing it for vanity . "  They are not looking to go out on the street and be beautiful , " Siemionow told CNN in a 2006 interview . "  Some of these patients , when they were interviewed just said ' I want to walk on the street and just make sure I am not sticking out . ' They just want to have a normal face . " The doctors examined the patient 's history , motivation and ability to understand the risks of the transplant . And they found Culp to be an ideal candidate . Five years after a gun blast shattered her nose , cheeks and upper lip , she had a band of scar tissue extending across her face . "  The most devastating of all was the fact that society had rejected her and children were afraid of her , " said Siemionow , who led the December 10 transplant operation . See before and after photos of Culp " Culp , a mother of two and a grandmother , told her doctors she could understand that some adults would shun her . "  But what really bothered her the most were children -- the children that shied away from her , " said Dr. Frank Papay , the chairman of Institute of Dermatology and Plastic Surgery at the Cleveland Clinic . "  That sense of innocence , and her not being able to see that innocence really , really affected her . " The shooting In September 2004 , Culp 's estranged husband shot her in the face in an attempted murder-suicide outside a restaurant in Hopedale , Ohio , according to CNN affiliate WTOV in Steubenville , Ohio . Culp was 8 feet away from her husband , Thomas Culp , when he pulled the shotgun 's trigger . He then turned the weapon on himself , according to local news reports . They both survived . Thomas Culp was sent to prison . Despite her wounds , she told WTOV in 2008 , "  I 'll always love him . He was my first love . " At the same time , Culp said , she felt angry . "  I would n't be human if I did n't . I forgive him , but I have to go on , you know ? " After the shooting , Culp recuperated in a hospital and in a personal care home for two years . Culp told WTOV she had vision problems and was learning Braille . Her approach to life was to "  keep motivated . Do n't sleep your life away -- that could have happened . I could be depressed . I 'm not . " As she spoke , her breaths emitted a small whistle from her tracheotomy tube , which protruded from a surgical opening in her neck . "  I can not smell . I will never be able to smell , " she said in the interview . Culp was wrong . How doctors transplanted a face The doctors at the Cleveland Clinic analyzed Culp 's injuries using CAT scans and developed plastic models of her skull . They practiced face transplant operation on cadavers several times . Culp met with the hospital 's surgeons , ethical committee members and psychiatry and psychology specialists who determined that she was an ideal candidate for the surgery . Then , the wait for the right donor began in 2008 . "  We thought we were going to wait a long time because we had to find a Caucasian female in her mid 40s to match Connie , so we expected a year before we were able to find a donor , " said Papay , who is also head of craniofacial surgery . "  Well , three to four months later , I got a call at around midnight from Dr. Siemionow saying ' I think we have a donor . ' " The family of a brain dead woman granted permission to use her face . He likened the preparation for the December transplant to a rocket launch , saying , "  Everything was prepared beforehand very , very , very carefully . " Surgeons sheared out the donor 's mid-facial area including the lower eyelids , cheekbones , the nose , some of the sinus and the whole upper jaw , with the blood vessels . Watch CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta discuss the face transplant " When it came time to move the donor 's parts to Culp , they had to see that the donor and recipient parts aligned . "  One of the ways you can tell that is how your upper teeth fit to the lower teeth , " Papay said . "  We knew it was like a hand in a glove , exactly where we needed to be . " They secured the bones into Culp 's face using titanium plates and screws . Then the microvascular surgeons attached the vessels . They tucked the scars around Culp 's ears or underneath her eyelid , where they would not be visible . How the doctors operated " Doctors added more skin than needed in case of tissue rejection . After monitoring Culp 's progress , doctors say they will remove the excess tissue and tighten her jawline in future surgeries . Contrary to science fiction and movies , the surgery did not make Culp look like the donor . "  If you just took the skin and transplanted it to the other patient , the bony structure is different , " Papay said . "  If you took the bony structure and transplanted it on the other side , it ends up being a composite . So , it does n't look like the donor . It does n't look like the recipient . It ends up looking like someone new . " Recovery At this point , all the transplanted parts of Culp 's face are functioning except for her facial nerves , which are growing about an inch a month . Doctors anticipate Culp will be able to have full facial function -- and more expression -- by this winter . In physical therapy , she learns to train her nerves , make facial expressions , smile and purse her lips , doctors said . "  If you cry or you laugh or you smile , it 's not like you think about it . You just emotionally do it . So that 's a wait and see for us , " Papay said . "  As far as the emotional one , that 's really the key issue . A far as when she laughs , cries and grimaces and gets angry at you ... what 's her face going to look like ? That 's the exciting part about it . " Five months after the first face transplant in the United States , Culp lives at home . She has checkups with the medical staff once or twice a month and will do so for the next year , her doctors said . Initially , Culp used immunosuppressants that transplanted kidney , liver or heart patients would normally take . Transplant patients must take immune-suppressing drugs throughout their lifetime to prevent tissue rejection . But she showed improvements that enabled the doctors to reduce her regimen to one medication , doctors said . "  She 's taking her medications , " Siemionow said . "  We know she is compliant . She cares about how she looks . She has her hair done in a new color ... She is full of life . She does her push-ups . She 's on the treadmill . What else can I say ? "	Face transplant recipient was shot in 2004 by her husband In a 2008 interview she told CNN affiliate that she forgave her husband Doctors say Connie Culp fit criteria for ideal face transplant recipient
CNN  -- He 's kerpowed the Joker and put the Penguin on ice , but Batman faces a new adversary -- the mayor of an oil-producing Turkish town . The late Heath Ledger plays the Joker in "  The Dark Knight , " the most successful film of the year . Huseyin Kalkan , leader of the city of Batman in southeastern Turkey , plans to sue Christopher Nolan , director of the latest Batman movie "  The Dark Knight , " for taking its name without consultation , " according to media reports . "  The royalty of the name ` Batman ' belongs to us ... There is only one Batman in the world , " Hurriyet Daily News.com reported Kalkan as telling the Dogan news agency . "  The American producers used the name of our city without informing us . " Kalkan , who represents the pro-Kurdish Democratic Society Party , added that he decided to take action after someone suggested that the cash-strapped community needed more funds . "  We found this criticism right and started to look for legal possibilities of a case like that , " Hurriyet Daily News.com reported . Batman , which has a population of just under 250,000 , is the provincial capital of the oil-rich Batman Province and lies close to the Batman River . In recent years it has been hit by a series of female suicides and features in the novel "  Snow " by Nobel prize-winner Orhan Pamuk . "  The Dark Knight " movie is based on the Batman comic-book character created in 1939 by Bob Kane . Released by Warner Bros -- a sister company to Turner Broadcasting System , which owns CNN -- during the summer , "  The Dark Knight " has now taken just under $ 1 billion worldwide , according to box-office Web site boxofficemojo.com , including $ 528.7 million from domestic ticket sales and $ 469 million from international receipts . The film is also scheduled for re-release in January as part of an awards season push , with focus especially on supporting actor Heath Ledger , who played Joker and who died earlier this year . Local newspaper Batman Cagdas has reported that several former residents of Batman living in Germany have had problems registering their business -- but Kalkan says he has no knowledge of the claims . Lawyer Vehbi Kahveci , head of the Intellectual and Industrial Property Rights Commission of the Istanbul Bar , told Hurriyet Daily News.com that the "  Batman " name was registered worldwide . He added that the town had missed the timeframe during which it could complain about any infringement of its name . Warner Bros said that it was only aware of the action through the media and had yet to be presented with any legal papers .	"  The Dark Knight " has been the biggest grossing film worldwide of 2008 Mayor of Turkish town of Batman threatens to sue film 's director for copyright Batman , population 250,000 , also shares its name with a province and a river Warner Bros , studio behind movie , says it is not aware of any court action
CNN  -- Two gunmen opened fire Thursday on a team carrying out polio vaccinations in Pakistan 's southwestern Balochistan province , killing the police officer guarding them . "  The assailants sped away on their motorcycle after the attack , " Shah Muhammad , a police official , told CNN . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , which occurred in Balochistan 's Loralai district . A police investigation was under way . Teams carrying out polio vaccinations in Quetta , Pishin , Loralai and other parts of Balochistan have been repeatedly attacked by militants . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	Police officer killed in attack on team carrying out polio vaccinations in Pakistan There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack in Balochistan province
CAMP ARIFJAN , Kuwait  CNN  -- Attacks against U.S. troops in Iraq with bombs believed linked to Iran -- known as explosively formed penetrators  EFPs  -- have risen sharply in January after several months of decline , according to the top U.S. commander in Iraq . Explosively formed penetrators are more sophisticated and deadlier than typical improvised explosive devices . Iraqi and U.S. officials indicated just a month ago that Iran was using its influence to improve security in Iraq by restraining cross-border weapons flow and militia activity . The U.S. military had said in recent months that the number of EFP attacks had gone down . Gen. David Petraeus disclosed the reversal to reporters after a meeting with President Bush who was visiting troops in Kuwait . "  In this year , EFPs have gone up , actually , over the last 10 days by a factor of two or three , and frankly we 're trying to determine why that might be , " Petraeus said . Petraeus did not say how many American troops have been killed or wounded by EFPs in recent days . The U.S. military announced nine troop deaths from bombings in the first 11 days of January , but the death announcements did not specify if EFPs were involved . EFPs are more sophisticated and deadlier than the typical improvised explosive devices  IED  used by insurgents as roadside bombs to attack convoys and foot patrols until last year . EFPs use components manufactured in Iran and militants are trained in Iran to use them , the U.S. military has said . President Bush , in remarks to reporters in Kuwait , said : "  Iran must stop supporting the militia special groups that attack Iraqi and coalition forces , and kidnap and kill Iraqi officials . " The Bush administration and the military have long maintained that Iranian agents , particularly the Quds Force of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps -- have been arming and training Iraqi insurgents . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Emily Schultz contributed to this report	U.S. military says January increase in bombs believed linked to Iran Devices are known as EFPs  explosively formed penetrators Gen. Petraeus : EFPs increased by a factor of two or three over last 10 days Bush administration , military say Iran arming , training Iraqi insurgents
CNN  -- "  Seinfeld " had nothing to say -- and that was its genius . Other groundbreaking series make a point of stressing their inventiveness , practically shouting , "  Look at me ! " "  Seinfeld , " on the other hand , blissfully took a Festivus pole to sitcom conventions , with unsympathetic characters , defiantly provincial New York interests and intricate plotting mechanisms -- and never called attention to itself . Not that there 's anything wrong with that . In fact , there was so much right about the show that it eventually became TV 's No. 1 program and one of the most lauded sitcoms ever . In the 25 years since "  Seinfeld " premiered on July 5 , 1989 , as "  The Seinfeld Chronicles , " it has worked its way into pop culture -- its catchphrases still repeated , its plots still recounted , its shocking revelations about writer John Cheever and pitcher Roger McDowell still gasped about . But enough yada yada yada . Here are five things that made nothing into everything : 1 . No hugging , no learning . In general , pre - "  Seinfeld " sitcoms included heartwarming laughs , sympathetic "  aws " and lessons learned . But there were no social niceties for Jerry , George , Elaine and Kramer . The quartet was so narcissistic that , when George 's fiancÃ © e , Susan , died after licking defective wedding invitation envelopes in the seventh season , George and the gang shrugged and continued with their lives . Few sitcoms have dared to follow in its coldhearted footsteps , but there are exceptions , such as "  It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia , " "  Community " and "  Seinfeld " co-creator Larry David 's "  Curb Your Enthusiasm . "  New York magazine 's Matt Zoller Seitz makes the point that "  Seinfeld " also paved the way for our recent bounty of coldhearted dramas . The new , new TV golden age 2 . Four in one . Pre - "  Seinfeld , " most sitcoms were classic cases of simplicity : one major plot , perhaps one minor plot , play them out in 22 minutes and turn on the applause sign . "  Seinfeld " sometimes had four plots -- one for each primary character -- and would put them together so Jerry 's girlfriend with the real breasts  Teri Hatcher  would cross paths with Elaine in a steam room . Or aspiring hand model George would burn himself with the iron being used to smooth out Jerry 's puffy shirt . In those days , not many serialized dramas would dare attempt such plot juggling , never mind comedies . It 's still more the exception than the rule . 3 . New York , New York . "  Seinfeld " made the Big Apple the center of the sitcom universe . Suddenly it seemed like half of NBC 's schedule was making ends meet in Manhattan -- "  Friends , " "  Caroline in the City , " "  Mad About You , " "  The Single Guy , " "  Will & Grace " -- while ABC and CBS added to the mix with such shows as "  The King of Queens , " "  Spin City " and "  The Nanny . " New York was so prominent on '90s TV schedules that one ABC show , "  It 's Like , You Know "  created by "  Seinfeld " writer and producer Peter Mehlman  , made hay out of the concept of a New Yorker transplanted to Los Angeles .  Incidentally , for all its New Yorkiness , "  Seinfeld " was shot at a studio in L.A. 4 . Heavy meta . Other sitcoms had been self-referential -- George Burns and Garry Shandling regularly broke the fourth wall in their programs -- but Jerry and his pals took meta-ness to a whole new level . Season four , in fact , was literally about a show within a show as Jerry and George pitched NBC "  a show about nothing " called "  Jerry " that bore eerie similarities to "  Seinfeld . " However , for all of "  Seinfeld 's " quotation marks , it often used real people and brand names . There really is a J. Peterman catalog , New York 's American League baseball team really is the Yankees and those are real cereal brands on Jerry 's shelf . However , Vandelay Industries is still fictional -- we think . 5 . Sponge-worthy catchphrases . Few shows have produced as many popular quotations as "  Seinfeld . " You 're probably reciting them now : "  No soup for you . " "  Master of your domain . " "  Yada yada . " "  Shrinkage . " "  Look to the cookie . " You can leave more of them in the comments ... unless you 're a low-talker . In that case , you 'll have to speak up . See more comedy content at CNN Comedy . CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this story . CNN 's Todd Leopold is no relation to occasional "  Seinfeld " writer Tom Leopold , though sometimes he wishes he was .	"  The Seinfeld Chronicles , " the "  Seinfeld " pilot , aired July 5 , 1989 Sitcom routinely broke with convention Show is considered one of best sitcoms in TV history
An onslaught of fast-falling snow , whipping winds and bitter cold socked parts of the Northeast on Thursday , spurring a slew of travel woes , highway closures and worries that the headaches will only get worse as temperatures fall further . This kind of weather , this time of year , in this region is nothing new : Connecticut 's governor , for instance , noted the snow totals wo n't come close to the 40 inches that buried parts of his state last February . At the same time , by Thursday night , it was already causing a mess -- whether you were waiting at an airport , had skidded off a road or were stuck at home hoping that your lights and perhaps your heat would n't suddenly stop working . "  Mother Nature has come to wish us happy new year , " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said . The nor'easter , forming off the East Coast of the United States , prompted blizzard warnings from Thursday into Friday for New York 's Long Island , Cape Cod , Massachusetts ' South and North Shores , plus communities along Maine 's coast . Boston , for example , was already getting buried by snow late Thursday afternoon . About one-third of the nation , approximately 100 million people in 22 states , was in the path of the storm , which was expected to be at its fiercest between 8 p.m. Thursday and 10 a.m. Friday , according to CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen . Track the storm : Radar , temperatures The complicated storm system "  will raise havoc " this week , dumping a foot of snow and spreading subzero wind chills across parts of the region , the National Weather Service warned . "  Falling and blowing snow with strong winds and poor visibilities are likely , " the Weather Service said . "  This will lead to whiteout conditions making travel extremely dangerous . Do not travel . " Across the country , the nasty weather has snarled travel plans for many . More than 2,200 U.S. flights had been canceled as of 10:45 p.m. Thursday , reported FlightAware.com , which tracks cancellations due to weather and mechanical problems . It 's not like things will suddenly clear up : the same website reports that some 1,000 flights already have been canceled in advance for Friday . Thursday 's most affected airport was Chicago 's O'Hare , with more than 650 cancellations in and out and about the same number of delays . Newark 's Liberty International Airport , New York 's LaGuardia and Cleveland 's Hopkins also were affected . Many airlines are allowing passengers to make fee-free itinerary changes for destinations expected to be affected by winter storms . Delta , American , US Airways , United , Southwest/AirTran and JetBlue have all posted weather advisories on their websites . Inside some airports , would-have-been travelers scrambled to rearrange flights or find a place to stay knowing that some things were out of their control . "  The warning has been coming for a couple of days , so we expected it , " a man from South Carolina said from Boston 's Logan Airport , as he headed with his family to a hotel and , hopefully , a Boston Bruins game knowing they could n't fly , reported CNN affiliate WCVB . "  We are stuck , we 'll make the best of it . " Brenda Kopytko is luckily home in South Windsor , Connecticut , having ventured out into the snow earlier . A New England winter veteran , she 's taking it in stride -- "  This is nothing " -- if not the possibility of strong winds and power outages , particularly after being in the dark for nine days after last winter 's storm . "  Once the winds start going and the branches start snapping , then I get a little nervous , " Kopytko said . Here 's a breakdown of what to expect where : New York and Long Island As of Thursday night , New York City was under a winter storm warning , as were many other densely populated areas in seven other states . The city of 8 million people could get 9 inches of snow , subzero wind chills and turbulent winds , forecasters said . New York City is expecting to see 6 to 12 inches of snow overnight , with more possible on Long Island , where Nassau and Suffolk counties will be under a blizzard warning until 1 p.m. Friday , with predictions of 8 to 10 inches of snow , wind chills as low as 10 below zero and sustained winds of at least 35 mph . Bitter cold will follow , with temperatures in the single digits by Saturday morning . Upstate , the capital city of Albany could get buried under 14 inches of snow , with wind chills of 15 to 25 below zero , the National Weather Service said . Cuomo declared a state of emergency for all of New York shortly after 3:45 p.m. Thursday , one of several steps taken to try to minimize the wild wintry weather 's toll . Among them is shutting down parts of Interstate 84 , an east-west highway that goes from Connecticut to Pennsylvania , to commercial vehicles late Thursday afternoon , with nearby I-87 south of Albany closing at midnight . That 's the same time the Long Island Expressway -- in a different part of the state -- will close to traffic at the border between Nassau County and the Queens borough of New York . The hope is to reopen all these roads around 5 a.m. , though that timing is very much subject to change . "  We 'll make sure no one is in a state of danger on those roads , " said Cuomo . Massachusetts By Friday night , Boston is expected to be covered by 10 to 18 inches of snow , about twice the amount forecast just one day ago , and shivering in temperatures as low as 6 degrees below zero . Citing likely "  near blizzard " conditions Thursday night into late Friday morning , the state 's emergency management agency warned that some areas could be hit hard -- including up to two feet of snow on parts of the North Shore and South Shore , as well as Cape Cod . The forecast was so bad for Boston that the city canceled school for Friday two days in advance , with scores of other school districts quickly following suit . "  I guess Mother Nature wanted to give me one more gift , " Mayor Thomas Menino told reporters Thursday in one of his last days in the job he has held since 1993 . "  Take precautions and take public transportation and take care of one another , " he urged . But , he added , the city was doing its part , with 700 pieces of equipment on city streets . "  Our team is ready , " he said . The combination of extreme cold , snow and strong winds had officials at homeless shelters preparing . "  Our main emphasis is getting people inside , where it is safer and warmer , " said Jennifer Harris , a spokeswoman for the Pine Street Inn shelter system in Boston , where a snow emergency has been declared . "  Pine Street Inn is making sure to have extra staff and food and water . We are geared up to provide to a greater number of people . " Blizzard warnings have n't been issued for Boston itself , but are in effect for parts of nearby Essex and Plymouth counties -- including the communities of Gloucester , Brockton and Plymouth -- as well as the Cape . Because of the storm , the state Emergency Management Agency warned that the midnight and Friday midday high tides could produce "  significant flooding " along the coast . To this point , the towns of Scituate and Duxbury requested voluntary evacuations for residents of certain low-lying areas . Connecticut Wind chills in parts of Connecticut are expected to range from -5 to -20 degrees Thursday night and Friday ; the National Weather Service issued winter storm warnings for most of the state through Friday morning . Connecticut Gov. Dannel P. Malloy urged residents to take it slow and give themselves extra time for their commutes Thursday and Friday . He said he expects there will be delays , but not cancellations , in public transit . Addressing reporters , Malloy said the worst time for the state would be overnight -- between 10 p.m. and 2 a.m. , when there could be blizzard conditions . Still , the storm 's impact could linger well beyond that if roads are blocked or the electricity goes out . He acknowledged that this kind of weather is hardly unprecedented in Connecticut this time of year . Still , the governor added , what sets this system apart is the frigid temperatures forecast for the coming days . That 's a big concern throughout the region , especially for the homeless and people stranded -- whether along a road or inside without adequate heat or power -- by the bad weather . "  This  is not a big New England storm , but it is a particularly cold New England storm , " Malloy said . Chicago and points beyond Seven to 11 inches of snow were possible Thursday in Chicago , according to the National Weather Service . Windy City residents will feel frigid temps -- wind chills during the day Friday will creep down to minus 12 -- and emergency director Gary Schenkel said more snow is possible later in the week . Though snow in Chicago in the winter is a common event , it "  can still wreak havoc on daily routines , " he noted . Next week could be no better for some U.S. residents . A new shot of colder air will start to move into the northern Midwest by Saturday and will dive south Monday and Tuesday , carrying zero-degree cold as far south as Nashville . "  That 's the coldest air we 've seen that far south in several years , " said Hennen , the CNN meteorologist . The cold air will kick off a new storm Sunday into Monday that could affect a number of high-profile NFL playoff games this weekend . In Wisconsin , the Green Bay Packers will give a cold welcome to the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday , when temperatures could bottom out at -17 . But it will be relatively balmy Sunday in Cincinnati , where snow and rain are possible when the city 's Bengals host the San Diego Chargers in another NFL playoff matchup . Of course , while the players might not have a choice , fans do n't have to brave the cold for either game . The big worries are for those who travel in the coming days . Authorities in New York , for example , said they may shut the Long Island Expressway if whiteout conditions make driving along the east-west highway too perilous . Kevin Willims is n't taking any chances , nor is he predicting a world-ending storm . The New Yorker said he plans to sit tight and let Mother Nature do her thing . "  There 's not much you can do , " Willims said . "  When it 's snowing and these streets lock up , there 's really nowhere you can go , so it 's best to just stay in . " That sentiment was echoed by James Montford , who told CNN Boston affiliate WHDH that he is looking forward to creating some art in the comforts of home . "  This a great day to kind of hunker down , " Montford said .	Midnight , Friday 's midday high tides could produce coastal flooding in Massachusetts Website : Over 2,200 U.S. flights are canceled Thursday ; about 1,000 so far Friday Parts of New York , Massachusetts and Maine are under blizzard warnings In addition to the snow and wind , frigid temperatures are a major concern
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Some answers may be revealed in blood-stained halls or deep in the rubble of Nairobi 's Westgate Mall . Others may never be known . That 's the reality for investigators and the people of Kenya on Wednesday , still coming to grips with a vicious attack and armed standoff that ended a day earlier . At least 61 civilians and six Kenyan security officers died in the four-day attack and rescue efforts , President Uhuru Kenyatta said Tuesday , but the death toll will rise as recovery workers retrieve bodies buried in the rubble of the partially collapsed mall . Kenyan forces killed five terrorists , and 11 others are in custody over possible links to the attacks , Kenyatta said , declaring that his country had "  ashamed and defeated " the attackers . But even though Kenyatta declared the siege over , an immense amount of work remains to learn how Al-Shabaab , a terror group thought to be badly bruised by recent losses in its Somalian homeland , was able to pull off such a well-coordinated and brazen attack . President : Mall siege attackers ` ashamed and defeated ' How did they do it ? It started Saturday when the attackers stormed into the upscale mall and began shooting . A senior Kenyan government official said they took "  very few " people captive ; the attackers were primarily out for blood . "  They were not interested in hostage-taking , " the official said . "  They only wanted to kill . " The attackers were equipped well enough to kill dozens of civilians , then fend off Kenyan security forces for four days -- not the sort of action that can be pulled off on a whim . That raises a number of questions : How could such a significant plot , involving travel arrangements , arms transfers and other details , have escaped the attention of intelligence officials ? Did the attackers have inside help , either at the mall or within security forces ? So far , Kenyan and U.S. authorities are n't answering such questions , certainly not publicly . Al-Shabaab grew amid Somalia 's lawlessness U.S. wants access U.S. security and law enforcement personnel are pressing for access to the mall and the bodies of the terrorists so they can begin to determine if Americans were among the attackers , according to a U.S. official with direct knowledge of the situation . "  That is the million-dollar question , " the official said . "  We do not have much fidelity on this . We have n't had access to the scene . " But based on what the United States knows so far , "  this was meticulously planned , " the official said . "  This is not something where the attackers walked into the mall all of the sudden . " The United States is looking at the possibility the attackers stored their weapons inside the mall ahead of time and may have even rented a store there as a base of operations . The Americans are also looking at reports the attackers may have had access to blueprints of the mall and knowledge of the location of employee and service personnel stairways as well as ventilation systems . FBI experts from the Terrorist Explosive Device Analytical Center are assisting Kenyans on a preliminary basis . They have specific expertise in analyzing explosives and fingerprints . But the United States wants autopsy and forensic data , including DNA samples , to help determine if Americans were involved , the official said . The United States also will scour any communications or intercepts for clues , according to other officials . American experts also will try to analyze any evidence of grenades and heavy belt-fed machine guns being used , the official said . He noted grenade attacks by Al-Shabaab are fairly common . The U.S. belief so far is that Al-Shabaab hard-line leader Ahmed Abdi Godane ordered the attack , the official said . "  Nothing like this would have gotten off the ground without him . It 's safe to assume this is something he would have blessed , " the official said . Who were the attackers ? Kenyan authorities have said 10 to 15 attackers were believed to be involved . One attacker was Dutch and another British , Kenya State House spokesman Manoah Esipisu told CNN on Wednesday . Al-Shabaab previously had said Americans were involved in the attack , a claim Kenyatta also noted Tuesday but said has not been verified . Esipisu said Wednesday that Kenyan authorities believe attackers of "  a few other nationalities " were involved . Kenyan Interior Minister Joseph Ole Lenku told reporters Wednesday that authorities can not confirm the nationalities of the terrorists until forensic testing is complete . He said the United States , Israel , Britain , Germany and Canada are helping in the mall forensic investigation . Somali jihadists recruit in United States , Canada and Europe Reports that a white woman was among the terrorists who stormed the mall have prompted a slew of media speculation about Samantha Lewthwaite , a British woman whose husband was one of the suicide bombers in the 2005 London terror attacks . Known as the "  White Widow , " Lewthwaite has been wanted by international counterterrorism officials since authorities found bomb-making materials in her Mombasa , Kenya , apartment in 2011 . She vanished shortly before a raid . Was the "  White Widow " involved ? A senior Kenyan official said Tuesday a woman was involved in the attack . Esipisu said Wednesday that authorities ca n't say much about who the woman was or what she was doing . "  What we 've been told by multiple witnesses is that they saw a woman . We have also been told that if it is the same woman that they say they saw , that she would have been killed very early on in the attack , " Esipisu said . "  We do n't know for sure that we had a woman . And secondly , because of the bodies trapped under the rubble , we do n't know if she is who everyone says she might be . " Where are they ? Some of them are dead , inside the rubble of the partially collapsed mall , Kenyatta said . But while he said five terrorists had been killed by Kenyan forces and 11 people were in custody , it was not clear if all the attackers had been accounted for , or if some may have been able to slip out in the chaos . A senior Kenyan official said forces were able to drive two attackers trying to escape by car back inside the mall , but it 's unclear if any others might have been able to elude authorities early in the crisis . Others could have escaped by posing as civilians , perhaps after ditching weapons and changing clothes . How to help On Wednesday , a high-level source who asked for anonymity told CNN that Kenyan counterterrorism police had arrested a British national of Somali descent who had injuries on his face and was acting suspiciously as he tried to board a Turkish Airlines flight . It 's not clear if Kenyan authorities suspect the man of being inside the mall during the attack , but authorities found they had no record of the man 's entry into the country , the source said . There is conflicting information on the man . The UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office told CNN the detained man is not connected to the terrorist attack . The office did not say how it knew that man was not involved and declined to elaborate . Kenyatta , whose country boasts deep counterterrorism ties to the United States , vowed to track down and punish the attack 's perpetrators . "  These cowards will meet justice , as will their accomplices and patrons wherever they are , " the Kenyan leader said Tuesday . The Kenyan spirit can not be broken , says eyewitness CNN 's Zain Verjee reported from Nairobi ; Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Evan Perez , Arwa Damon , Greg Botelho , Nima Elbagir , Victoria Eastwood , Atika Shubert , Becky Anderson , Lillian Leposo , Brian Walker and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	There are conflicting reports on a British man held in Kenya for questioning Complexity of attack raises questions about planning , possible collusion Official : The Westgate Mall attackers "  were not interested in hostage-taking " Six security officers , at least five terrorists and at least 61 civilians dead , president says
CNN  -- During the Arab Spring , Hillary Clinton heralded Al-Jazeera 's coverage of momentous events in Egypt in 2011 . "  Like it or hate it , it is really effective , " Clinton said of the network at a congressional hearing while she was secretary of state . She went on to decry "  a million commercials " and "  arguments between talking heads , " and "  the kind of stuff that we do on our news that is not providing information to us . " The remarks primarily pointed out the growing influence Al-Jazeera was having on American viewers . But behind that , Clinton 's testimony was a top-down critique of U.S. media . "  Her comments went to the heart of the way the media structure works , " Brian Stelter , host of CNN 's "  Reliable Sources , " said . And for her , they are again quite relevant . Hillary Clinton is thinking about running for president , a candidacy -- and possible administration -- that would no doubt intensify the already close and sometimes sensational scrutiny of her and her husband . For Bill and Hillary Clinton , their view on the state of journalism in the United States comes from a place of deep knowledge and exposure . And like many who have been in the spotlight for a prolonged period , it 's a love-hate thing . Bill Clinton speaks out A focus of national media speculation , debate and fascination for 25 years , their relationship with the press has ebbed and flowed . But on the whole , they have long questioned and doubted its motives . And over the past two weeks , both Clintons have let it be known those feelings still exist . On Wednesday at his alma mater , Georgetown University , Bill Clinton faulted journalists for how they covered policy issues , saying it is "  dimly understood " and often "  disconnected from the consequences of the policies being implemented " because of journalists . Bill Clinton plays professor , blasts media in Georgetown speech "  If a policymaker is a political leader and is covered primarily by the political press , there is a craving that borders on addictive to have a storyline , " said Clinton as his wife looked on . "  And then once people settle on the storyline , there is a craving that borders on blindness to shoehorn every fact , every development , everything that happens into the story line , even if it 's not the story . " Last week , Hillary Clinton leveled an equally biting media critique , telling an audience at the University of Connecticut that "  journalism has changed quite a bit in a way that is not good for the country and not good for journalism . " Hillary Clinton : Today 's media is more entertainment , less facts "  A lot of serious news reporting has become more entertainment driven and more opinion-driven as opposed to factual , " she said . "  People book onto the shows , political figures , commentators who will be controversial who will be provocative because it 's a good show . You might not learn anything but you might be entertained and I think that 's just become an unfortunate pattern that I wish could be broken . " Common for politicians This feeling among politicians is par for the course , said Paul Begala , a longtime Clinton confidant who attended Wednesday 's speech . "  It is an occupational hazard and it comes with the territory , " said Begala , a CNN contributor . "  I do n't think it is any different for him than it was with President Obama , President Bush or President Reagan . " Stelter echoed that sentiment . "  If you put  either of the Clinton 's quotes  in front of either President Bush , they would agree with most of the comments . " From Whitewater to draft-dodging allegations to Monica Lewinsky , the media spotlight on the Clintons during their time in the White House was intense , and it affected them . For most of the eight years of the Clinton administration from 1993-2001 , the couple and their advisers worried about the "  vast right-wing conspiracy " that they feared aimed to take them down . According to Clinton Library documents released by the National Archives , those feelings largely stemmed from the rise of the Internet and conservative blogs and chat rooms . The late Diane Blair , a longtime Clinton confidant and friend , kept a detailed diary of her exchanges with the first lady . According to Blair , whose personal documents gained media attention earlier this year , Clinton regularly expressed frustration and a deep distrust of the media . Confidant 's diary : Clinton wanted to keep records for ` revenge ' In January 1995 , Blair wrote that Clinton expressed "  her total exasperation with all this obsession and attention , and how hard she 's finding to conceal her contempt for it all . " The most apparent next flashpoint on the relationship between the media and the Clintons came during Hillary 's 2008 race for the White House . Late into the Democratic primary process as it became clear that Barack Obama had the momentum , the Clinton campaign 's view of the media began to sour . The former President publicly and privately railed against what he called "  the most biased coverage in history , " and both Clintons complained of what they believed to be a pervasive sexism dominating the campaign narrative . Bill Clinton even publicly called one campaign reporter "  sleazy " and "  a really dishonest reporter . " What 's ahead ? Now with Hillary Clinton admittedly "  thinking " about a 2016 run , the question remains as to how her relationship with the media -- and its deep history -- could affect any campaign . Stelter thinks these latest tweaks of the media could be an attempt to "  work the refs . " "  The Clintons have been choosing to go there , " concluded Stelter . "  I do think one partial explanation has to do with any future campaign that we may see from Hillary Clinton . "	Suspicions of the media by the Clintons is nothing new But there 's new relevancy with Hillary Clinton thinking about a White House run The two have made comments recently critical of news coverage
CNN  -- In the same way a Christmas playlist is incomplete without a tipsy , eggnog-drinking grandmother having an unfortunate accident with reindeer , the melodrama of certain shows and films improves when a boozy grandmother is written in . The minor role is normally reserved for television , but it makes the jump to movie theaters this year in "  The Lovely Bones , " Peter Jackson 's cerebral thriller based on Alice Sebold 's 2002 novel , with Susan Sarandon playing the hard-drinking Grandma Lynn . "  She 's such a strange grandmother , " Sarandon told the Australian press about her first role as a family matriarch . Although Sarandon , 63 , said she 's old enough to play one , her Grandma Lynn is n't "  a granny grandmother . " "  She 's the comic relief in this very deep , very hard movie ; she comes in and the movie gets lighter , " said movie reviewer Kit Bowen . "  She 's trying to vacuum while ash is falling from her cigarette . " Television critics say it 's hard to nail down when this character first made an appearance , but the anti-grandmother role we know today was more than likely inspired by the spirited older women on "  Golden Girls , " and has since become a television staple . Kelly Bishop played a version of the difficult , drinking grandmother for seven seasons as Emily Gilmore on "  Gilmore Girls , " and Holland Taylor has taken her vodka neat as Evelyn Harper on "  Two and a Half Men " and as Peggy Peabody on "  The L Word . " The Upper East Side hour-long melodrama "  Gossip Girl " has the scheming Celia Rhodes -- whose signature scent is Chanel No. 5 with a top note of gin -- and Jessica Walter has perfected the role as Lucille Bluth on "  Arrested Development " and Tabitha Wilson on "  90210 . " "  These women , they 're not knitting -- they 're more interested in mixing their drinks than watching kids , " said Entertainment Weekly 's pop culture writer Tim Stack . "  They 're more inclined to offer a witticism or a barb than to give you sweet advice . These ladies are n't cooking -- I do n't think they even eat . They drink their lunch . And their dinners . And their breakfasts . ... Maybe they eat the olives . " They 're the exact opposite of the stereotypical grandmother , said TVGuide.com 's senior editor Mickey O'Connor . "  They 're supposed to be the truth-tellers -- whether it 's liquid courage or lowering their inhibitions , I do n't know , " O'Connor said . "  But everyone can relate to having an older relative that embarrasses you to some degree , " he added . "  Shelley Long just did a drunken grandma on ` Modern Family . ' There was a wedding scene where she got drunk , gave a toast and ended up kicking the cake over . It 's about the universality of how we deal with our older relatives . If you make them drunk , there 's some way to at least codify what embarrasses us about them , or to excuse their outrageous behavior . " With O'Connor 's own grandparents , though , "  it 's less often an indication of how much they 've had to drink and more often just who they are . " Because it 's a role that 's virtually paint-by-numbers -- drunk grandmothers are nearly always wealthy , white and cruelly witty , with poor parenting skills -- it demands a strong actress who can keep the potentially two-dimensional from falling flat . Case in point for film reviewer Bowen is the difference between the Grandma Lynn in Sebold 's novel and Jackson 's cinematic version . "  I loved the book , but the funny thing is that I do n't remember the grandmother , " Bowen said . "  She definitely is more memorable in the movie , and I 'm glad her character is in the movie because it adds another layer to it . "  Which , of course , has everything to do with Susan Sarandon , " Bowen added . The talent of the women who have taken these minor roles and turned them into iconic characters is what has kept the "  drunk grandma " role from veering into cliché territory , O'Connor said . "  Even with the criticisms people had of ' 90210 , ' they liked Jessica Walter and what she was doing , " O'Connor said . "  She brought some reality . The teen drama tends to be a little stylized in terms of its emotional truth , and she 's kind of there to cut through the artifice . " Stack , who also lists Walter 's "  Development " character as one of his favorites , thinks these roles are always such a hit because , regardless of what series they land in , they always manage to "  punch it up . "  Need proof of Walter 's comedic timing ? Do a search for "  Lucille Bluth Chicken Dance " on YouTube . "  They 're the Tabasco to a Bloody Mary , " Stack said . "  Walter was sharp , funny , mean and heartless -- and at the same time , she was fabulous in a Chanel suit like it was always happy hour somewhere . She made it look like such a blast . " While their alcohol-induced shenanigans are obviously trumped up for comedic effect , the idea of a grandmother who 's independent , technologically savvy and having fun is n't the foreign notion it used to be , said Mary McHugh , the 81-year-old author of "  How Not to Become a Little Old Lady . " McHugh herself has spent her post-child-rearing years traveling the world . "  When people think of a grandmother , their eyes glaze over . But now , many of us are doing things we love doing . We 're not sitting somewhere and rocking in a rocking chair , " said McHugh , who herself enjoys a glass of wine or two to cap off her evenings . But , despite the truth that these characters are reflected in the real world more than ever , television and film still does n't have anything close to the godmother of the grandmother character , "  Golden Girls . " "  Hopefully , it 's not the drunk grandmother -LSB- character -RSB- that have made it better for older actresses , but you never know , " O'Connor said . "  Maybe it 's become , play a drunk grandmother and you get to work past the age of 60 . "	Susan Sarandon plays hard-drinking Grandma Lynn in "  The Lovely Bones " Kelly Bishop played drinking grandmother Emily Gilmore on "  Gilmore Girls " Expert says these grandmas are "  exact opposite of the stereotypical grandmother "
Libyans poured into the streets Thursday to celebrate the death of Moammar Gadhafi . After months of intense fighting , rebel fighters finally overran Gadhafi 's last stronghold in his hometown of Sirte , marking the end of his 42-year rule . Although Gadhafi 's rule effectively ended two months ago when he fled Tripoli , his death provides closure and a sense of relief to many in the country who had opposed his tyrannical rule . It also greatly reduces the likelihood of a prolonged insurgency by Gadhafi loyalists and allows the transitional government to move forward with the hard work of building a new political system . The challenges ahead are great : Since the Gadhafi regime so effectively monopolized the public sphere , Libya has no real civil society or effective political institutions . After decades of tyranny , there is a deep distrust of government . There is also fear of revenge killings by those who suffered under Gadhafi 's brutality . Tensions are already evident between Islamists and secularists , and between technocrats returning from abroad and those who stayed and opposed the regime at enormous personal expense . Well-armed militias have yet to be formally disbanded or integrated into a national army ; large caches of arms , including some sophisticated missiles , are not accounted for and could end up in the hands of extremists . Nevertheless , of all the Arab states that have been convulsed by revolts this year , Libya has by far the strongest economic prospects . Its relatively small population of 6.5 million and vast oil wealth give it the best chance of meeting the economic aspirations of its citizens . Just recently , the transitional government announced that it had discovered an additional $ 23 billion in the Central Bank of Libya , enough to cover the costs of government for at least six months . It has an additional $ 160 billion in foreign assets , which are frozen overseas but will eventually be released . Libya also has a relatively well-educated population . Public education was free and compulsory through secondary school under Gadhafi , and the country enjoys a literacy rate of nearly 90 % . In the 2007-2008 school year , women enrolled in universities outnumbered men significantly . According to the Transitional National Council constitution , legislative and presidential elections to form a new government must be held within a year of liberation . The constitution also stipulates that no member of the council can participate in this newly elected government , a provision meant to limit the influence of the interim body . So far , transitional leaders seem willing to abide by that provision , but jockeying for power has only just begun . Interim Prime Minister Mahmoud Jabril , American educated and unabashedly secular , announced recently that he would step down at the close of the fighting , but it is not clear if he will follow through on his promise , or if he does , who will succeed him . Jabril and Ali Tarhouni , the acting Finance and Oil Minister who was teaching economics in the United States before joining the rebellion , have been criticized for being outsiders , too secular and too connected to remnants of the former regime . Some are pointing to Abdel Hakim Belhaj , the NTC commander of the militia in Tripoli , as a major player in the future political field . Belhaj was arrested in 2004 by the Central Intelligence Agency and rendered to Libya , where he was held and tortured in the infamous Abu Salim prison . The warrant for his arrest accused him of ties to al Qaeda , which he has denied . Belhaj has also disavowed extremism and pledged tolerance . Islamists will undoubtedly play an influential role in Libya 's new government , and outward signs of Islamic piety , suppressed under Gadhafi , are now on the rise across the country . But leaders across the political spectrum continue to insist on moderation and tolerance . Mustafa Abdul Jalil , chairman of the transitional council , has called for a Libyan state founded on Sharia that is also inclusive of women and minorities . U.S. and European support for the rebels over the past seven months generated positive feelings among Libyans for NATO countries , which points to a possible Western-aligned Libyan government that is nonetheless markedly Islamic in character . Gadhafi 's death marks an important moment of transition for Libyans . Reconciliation and integration will be imperative at this point , especially as the dust of war clears and evidence emerges of brutality committed by both rebel forces and Gadhafi loyalists . As demonstrated painfully in Iraq , lasting stability requires opportunities for Gadhafi supporters to participate in the new order , but with war wounds still fresh , this will require remarkable leadership and forbearance on the part of transitional leaders . A stable , prosperous Libya undergoing a process of democratization will enhance the chance of successful transitions in neighboring Tunisia and Egypt . This helps explain the sense of jubilation across the region that erupted on the news of Gadhafi 's death . The era of tyrants seems to be coming to an end . Protesters in Syria and Yemen held out signs asking their leaders if they want to go the same violent way .	Isobel Coleman : Libya best positioned economically of Arab Spring nations She says the population is well educated , with literacy rate near 90 $ Libya has billions in the bank and more money in frozen foreign assets Coleman : New leadership is unclear and transition may be rocky
CNN  -- A picturesque New York town is all abuzz and ready for its closeup as the countdown to Chelsea Clinton 's wedding starts . Clinton , 30 , is expected to wed investment banker Marc Mezvinsky , 32 , on Saturday in Rhinebeck . The former first family is guarding details of the upcoming nuptials like state secrets , and has not released any information . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recently said she 's "  under very strict orders " not to talk about it . The order seems to extend to those involved in the planning . A host of vendors contacted by CNN declined to comment , including a florist rumored to be involved . CNN could not independently verify the wedding venue . The secrecy and silence have only fueled the speculation . Residents of Rhinebeck -- population 4,000 -- are hanging up congratulatory signs on windows . And talking to television crews . And hoping the influx of high-profile visitors will mean a boost in the town 's economy . And ... well , you get the point . Local media have been crowing that the couple will wed at Astor Courts , a posh estate built more than a century ago along the Hudson River . The Beaux Arts building was one of the last buildings designed by the famous American architect Stanford White , according to the estate 's website . Lynn Lobotsky , a local florist , recently told CNN that she 's seen crews working around the clock along a stone wall leading up to the estate . "  They even worked on Sunday , " Lobotsky said . Adding to the speculation , the FAA has declared a no-fly-zone around Rhinebeck on Saturday and Sunday . The restriction is for "  temporary flight restrictions for VIP movement , " the FAA said on its website . Read the FAA 's Temporary Flight Restriction notice Rhinebeck resident Dan Landa is taking it all in stride . "  With everything this wedding entails , I ca n't believe what 's going to happen this weekend , " Landa told CNN television affiliate YNN . "  I can say I 'll still treat it like a regular workday , regular old day in the life of me . " Is there any rivalry between the Clintons hometown of Chappaqua -- and the town 100 miles north of New York city where the nuptials will take place ? They should n't be , said resident Susan Cole . "  To be honest , the Rhinebeck area needs the $ 3 million more than the Chappaqua area does , " Cole told YNN . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said President Barack Obama will not attend the nuptials .	A small New York town is all abuzz about Saturday 's expected nuptials Hillary Clinton is "  under very strict orders " not to discuss daughter 's wedding Couple is expected to wed at Astor Courts in Rhinebeck
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- U.S. President-elect Barack Obama announced key members of his energy team on Monday , naming physicist Steven Chu as secretary of energy , and former EPA administrator Carol Browner to a new post in the White House to coordinate energy and climate policy . Carol Browner was one of four key environmental nominees named by Obama . Obama also named Lisa Jackson , former head of New Jersey 's environmental agency , to serve as his Environmental Protection Agency administrator , and Nancy Sutley , the Los Angeles deputy mayor for energy and environment , to lead the White House Council on Environmental Quality . Sutley , a prominent supporter of Sen. Hillary Clinton 's bid for the Democratic presidential nomination , is the first high-ranking gay appointee to the Obama administration . "  In the 21st century , we know that the future of our economy and national security is inextricably linked with one challenge : energy , " Obama said at a news conference to introduce his energy team . "  We 've seen Washington launch policy after policy , yet our dependence on foreign oil has only grown , even as the world 's resources are disappearing , " he said . "  This time has to be different . This time we can not fail , nor can we be lulled into complacency simply because the price at the pump has for now gone down from $ 4 a gallon . " Obama called Chu "  uniquely suited to be our next secretary of energy " for his work on new and cleaner forms of energy . Chu , who runs the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California , won the 1997 Nobel Prize in physics and is highly respected in energy circles . Browner , who was administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency in the Clinton administration , was named to be the nation 's first "  climate czar , " working inside the White House on policy issues . "  Carol understands that our efforts to create jobs , achieve energy security , and combat climate change demand integration among different agencies , cooperation between federal , state , and local governments and partnership with the private sector , " Obama said . He said that Jackson , as commissioner of New Jersey 's Department of Environmental Protection , helped make that state a leader in reducing greenhouse gas emissions and developing new sources of energy . "  Lisa also shares my commitment to restoring the EPA 's robust role in protecting our air , our water , and abundant natural resources so that our environment is cleaner and our communities are safer , " Obama said . Sutley has been "  at the cutting edge " of environmental work on the municipal and regional level , Obama said . She will be "  a key player in helping to make our government more efficient in coordinating our efforts to protect our environment at home and around the globe , " he added . Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa praised the appointment of his deputy mayor to a national post . "  With Nancy on my team , we have made tremendous progress -- from quadrupling our renewable energy portfolio to exceeding the targets set out by the Kyoto Protocol four years ahead of schedule , " he said in a written statement . Energy is one aspect of the president-elect 's goal to create 2.5 million jobs by 2011 . The plan aims to put Americans to work updating the country 's infrastructure , making public buildings more energy-efficient and implementing environmentally friendly technologies , including alternative energy sources . During his campaign , Obama said he would invest $ 150 billion over 10 years in clean energy . He proposed increasing fuel economy standards and requiring that 10 percent of electricity in the United States comes from renewable sources by 2012 .	Nobel-prize physicist Steven Chu named secretary of energy in Obama 's cabinet New post created in White House for energy and climate policy coordinator Obama said he would invest $ 150 billion over 10 years in clean energy
One member of the esteemed group feels like a "  proverbial potted plant , " while another resents sitting there "  looking stupid . " Their chief ponders the pageantry and politics of it all and wonders why they bother to go . For members of the Supreme Court , enduring the State of the Union address is a civic exercise in poker-faced discretion . As recent history has shown , that is not always easy . Tuesday 's speech in the House chamber by President Barack Obama will be watched closely not only for what is said about his second-term agenda , but also for who will be there in person to hear it . Court members are not required by law to be there , but custom has dictated their appearance in their robes , mostly for show . Talk Back : Should President Obama use his bully pulpit more ? They are low-key part of the pageantry and are compelled to sit politely and stoically amid the often high-spirited partisan rhetoric and response of the event . There is no word yet from the high court about who appear . Invitations are sent to each chamber and the justices have individual discretion whether to attend . Usually one or more do . Anthony Kennedy attends but Stephen Breyer is the one justice who might be called a regular . "  People attend if they wish to attend . I do wish to attend , so I go , " Breyer told CNN in 2005 . Government sources say Justice Sonia Sotomayor , who joined the bench in 2009 , is expected to be there . So , too , Justice Elena Kagan . Obama nominated both to the court . Rand Paul to deliver tea party response to Obama , GOP The political embers were stoked three years ago when Obama went after high court conservatives during the speech . He singled out the majority ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , issued a week earlier , which removed legal barriers preventing corporations and unions from spending unlimited sums on federal elections . "  With all due deference to the separation of powers , " Obama said , "  the Supreme Court reversed a century of law to open the floodgates for special interests , including foreign corporations , to spend without limit in our elections . " Sitting just feet away in the audience , Samuel Alito shook his head and mouthed words interpreted as "  not true , " referring to the line about "  foreign corporations , " court sources later confirmed . Alito 's five fellow justices with him that night showed no emotion . Chief Justice John Roberts labeled the political atmosphere at the 2010 address "  very troubling " and said partisan rhetoric and gestures aimed at the court left him questioning whether his colleagues should attend . "  It does cause me to think whether or not it makes sense for us to be there " Roberts said weeks after the controversy . "  To the extent the State of the Union has degenerated into a political pep rally , I 'm not sure why we 're there . " Rubio to deliver GOP State of the Union response Regardless , Roberts has never missed a State of the Union as chief justice and is expected to be there next week . His predecessor , Chief Justice William Rehnquist , rarely appeared in person . On one occasion , he considered a painting class more preferable . Some current justices have been no shows regularly or at times . Alito had been a regular , but he told an audience after the 2010 event that he felt "  like the proverbial potted plant " and would not be attending in the near future . Justice Clarence Thomas called it "  very uncomfortable for a judge to sit there . " He went to Obama 's first in 2009 , but has not been back since . "  There 's a lot that you do n't hear on TV , " he said recently . "  The cat-calls , the whooping , hollering , and under-the breath comments . " Another more vocal no-go is Justice Antonin Scalia , who has compared the televised State of the Union to "  cheerleading sessions . " "  You just sit there , looking stupid , " he said , calling the event and the spasms of partisan applause a spectacle . "  I resent being called upon to give it dignity . " He last attended in 1997 . By the numbers : State of the Union	Not always easy for Supreme Court justices at annual address Obama irritated some with criticism of conservative members in 2010 Custom dictates the justices wear their robes during speech Chief Justice Roberts has never missed a State of the Union speech
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia  CNN  -- Norng Chan Phal ran through the notorious Khmer Rouge prison S-21 in the Cambodian capital as a 9-year-old boy , frantically looking for his mother after their torturers had fled from advancing Vietnamese troops in 1979 . Norng Chan Phal was one of five children who survived the S-21 prison . He did n't find his mother , but what he did see made him hide under a pile of clothes with other children for days in the prison . "  I was shocked when I saw the bodies -- I was thinking maybe my mother was killed like this as well and I ran back to hide with the other kids , " he told CNN . Norng Chan Phal is one of a few people to survive the school converted into a grisly prison , where more than 14,000 perished at the hands of the ultra-Maoists bent on creating an agrarian utopia -- an experiment that failed and left at least 1.7 million people -- or nearly a quarter of Cambodia 's population -- dead from execution , disease , starvation and overwork , according to the Documentation Center of Cambodia . He is one of many survivors of the Khmer Rouge still seeking justice more than 30 years after the Vietnamese toppled the genocidal regime . But whether that happens remains to be seen . A war crimes tribunal backed by the United Nations got under way earlier this year after more than a decade of preparation , with five of the regime 's former leaders facing charges that include crimes against humanity . "  The scale of the atrocities is indeed mind-boggling ... all of these crimes are to me crimes against humanity and put a tear into the fabric of humanity and have to be repaired and have to be fixed , " said Robert Petit , chief co-prosecutor . First in the dock was Kaing Guek Eav , also known as Comrade Duch , a former mathematics teacher turned born-again Christian who is accused of overseeing S-21 . "  I am responsible for the crimes committed at S-21 , " he told the court . "  I would like to express my regretfulness and my heartfelt sorrow and loss for all the crimes committed from 1975 to 1979 . " Of the five charged , Comrade Duch is the only one of the group who admitted his responsibility at S-21 . The other four charged had lived in freedom up until late 2007 and they have been denying their responsibility . Many others connected with the regime and alleged atrocities are still at large . CNN 's Dan Rivers tracked down the alleged chief interrogator at S-21 , a man named Ta Chan who is living in a former Khmer Rouge stronghold in western Cambodia . Watch Dan Rivers ' special coverage of Cambodia 's search for justice " Thousands of documented confessions found in the prison archives show he was the man who made prisoners talk by using means such as electrocution , waterboarding , merciless beatings and mutilations . Ta Chan has not been charged with any crimes by the tribunal , and refused to speak with CNN , though his son said his father was old and his health was bad , and none of the family wanted to talk about the past . But CNN found a woman who said she was a former comrade of Ta Chan -- and that she was still afraid of him all these years later . "  Ta Chan used several methods of torture , " Mom Va said . "  He pulled prisoner 's fingernails out with pliers and strung prisoners up and smashed them into brick walls . " Some critics question whether the tribunal will provide a final closure to many Cambodians who continue to live in fear of -- and anger at -- the Khmer Rouge . Their concerns have grown with allegations by some tribunal staff members alleging they have been forced to hand over part of their salaries to an official . There is no suggestion the judges or lawyers are involved , instead it is Cambodian staff from the court 's Office of Administration who are at the center of the allegations . CNN interviewed two Office of Administration employees who described pressure on employees to kick-back money to their boss . "  We have received , indeed , a couple of anonymous complaints but none of them have referred to the matter you have raised , " Helen Jarvis , a court spokeswoman , told CNN . The Cambodian government told CNN a senior Cambodian court official was investigated for corruption but was exonerated . "  They told me they can not find any proof of kick-back or corruption , " said Khieu Kanharith , government information minister . "  If you want the court -- the trial -- to go ahead , separate the two cases . " The U.N. confirmed to CNN that the OIOS , the U.N. 's internal affairs body , has investigated corruption in the court administration but would not share the results . Watch more on the corruption probe " But some involved in the tribunal have speculated that the U.N. may have to pull out of the process if this issue is n't tackled , meaning the trial could collapse . "  It 's becoming a real possibility and it would be a massive shame for the Cambodian people . The victims who 've been waiting for 30 years for these trials they deserve justice , they deserve peace , they deserve closure , " said Richard Rogers , Chief of Defence Section of Trial . On many days , Cambodians fill the court outside of Phnom Penh to watch the proceedings . Despite the skepticism and concerns of some , Norng Chan Phal is hopeful of the outcome . "  I think  the  Khmer Rouge court is very good for people like me and other victims . We believe the court can find justice for us . " CNN 's Miranda Leitsinger contributed to this report .	At least 1.7 million people perished under the Khmer Rouge 1975-1979 rule The ultra-Maoists were bent on creating agrarian utopia War crimes court began earlier this year after more than a decade in the works CNN documentary examines Cambodia 's attempts to confront violent past
SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- Relentless wildfires roared through Southern California for a third day Tuesday , sending more than half a million residents fleeing with family members , pets and whatever prize possessions they could fit in their vehicles . The blazes have charred 400,000 acres and reduced 1,300 homes -- 1,000 in San Diego County -- to ash . The fires have killed one person and injured more than 50 . Earlier Tuesday , officials erroneously reported that a second person had died . Earlier Tuesday , Lt. Gov. John Garamendi , said the number of evacuees "  could very well approach 500,000 by the end of the day . " By Tuesday night , officials had evacuated nearly 350,000 homes in San Diego County . Using U.S. Census Bureau numbers from the 2000 census , that could mean as many as 950,000 were affected by the fires . In San Diego County , at least 513,000 residents had been ordered to find refuge in shelters , schools and stadiums as fires pushed into new areas . Twelve thousand more people were advised but not ordered to evacuate . Watch a fire official describe "  utter devastation " " President Bush will visit the area Thursday , the White House said . Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff arrived in San Diego on Tuesday afternoon . Chertoff promised a different federal reaction from the one in New Orleans in 2005 . "  We have been preparing and planning and training together for the last 2 1/2 years , " he said . And the scene at Qualcomm Stadium on Tuesday did seem to live up to Chertoff 's expectations as volunteers cheerily handed out chairs , food and water . The Federal Emergency Management Agency delivered 25,000 cots early Tuesday . Watch report of a man who fled fire in Chula Vista " Free newspapers were available , National Guard troops kept watch , ventriloquists and balloon artists entertained kids , and even massage therapists were trying to help the 12,000 to 15,000 evacuees relax as they fretted about the fate of their homes . Watch evacuees try to pass the time as they worry about their homes " Meanwhile , at least two fires raged on the property of the U.S. Marines ' Camp Pendleton , north of San Diego . Three-thousand Marines were evacuated Tuesday evening . Paul McHale , assistant secretary of defense for homeland defense , said 550 Camp Pendleton Marines were preparing to deploy to the fire area . As the Santa Ana winds , which approached 70 mph , fueled the fires , 1,400 Navy personnel and their families were evacuated , the Pentagon said . See photos of the fires " And in an effort to make room for more civilians who have had to evacuate their homes , sailors stationed in Southern California are abandoning their barracks . McHale said that a dozen Defense Department firefighting teams , with 12 engines , were already working the blazes , and more than 17,000 National Guardsmen are potentially available if needed . The Pentagon has provided 11 helicopters equipped with water buckets to fight the fires , he said . But aerial attacks on the fires have been minimal because of the fierce Santa Ana winds . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has already called up 1,500 National Guard troops , including more than 200 taken from border duty to help with supplies and security at Qualcomm Stadium and DelMar Fairgrounds and Racetrack , where thousands of evacuated residents are taking shelter . Eighteen firefighters have been injured in the blazes , according to Schwarzenegger , who said Tuesday that he was "  heartbroken " after touring the Lake Arrowhead area where the Grass Valley and Slide fires have burned 5,000 acres and destroyed more than 200 homes . Lake Arrowhead resident Michelle Dresser , who owns a business and was chased from her home by a wildfire last year , said Tuesday she was waiting until the last minute to leave . She spent the night in her store , partly to help customers and neighbors . "  It is crazy . We are surrounded by fire on both sides , " she said . Asked by CNN where she would go , she replied , "  I have to find someplace to accept two dogs , two cats and a turtle . " Qualcomm Stadium is accepting animals . New evacuation orders are being added frequently to the San Diego Office of Emergency Services Web site . Officials said the crisis is far from over . "  It will not end ... until it reaches the ocean or the winds turn around , " San Diego Fire Battalion Chief Bruce Cartelli said Tuesday . See where fires burn across Southern California " Despite having 21 years of experience as a firefighter , Arthur Jackson marveled at the fires he battled . "  It is just amazing how this fire selects whatever it wants and burns whatever it wants , " he told CNN . Although they were toiling in 24-hour shifts , Jackson said he and his fellow firefighters were "  holding up pretty good . " What weighed heaviest on them was not so much the physical exertion , he said , but knowing they had failed to protect all of the structures . For some , the failure was more than a professional concern . "  Some of the firefighters -- their own homes have burned up , " he said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dan Simon contributed to this report .	3,000 Marines evacuated at Camp Pendleton , north of San Diego Defense Department firefighting teams fighting the blazes , official says President Bush is set to visit Southern California on Thursday More than a half-million people evacuated in San Diego County alone
Lille , France  CNN  Former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn denied knowing that prostitutes were involved in sex parties he joined , as he took the stand Tuesday for the first time in his high-profile trial on pimping charges . The trial of Strauss-Kahn , who saw his stellar career plummet to earth after a separate sex scandal that resulted in his arrest in New York in 2011 , opened in the northern French city of Lille a week ago . Strauss-Kahn , who 's 65 , is charged with aggravated pimping on the grounds that he organized or encouraged group sex parties in both Europe and the United States . He has denied aiding and supporting the prostitution of seven women . Asked by the judge Tuesday if his position had changed , Strauss-Kahn said he knew nothing of the "  prostitutional nature " of the parties in which he took part . He also faced questions over claims by one of the sex workers that he had brutal sexual relations with her and must have known she was being paid . Other defendants insist Strauss-Kahn was n't told . In France , prostitution is legal , but pimping is not . The trial is being closely watched both in his homeland , where Strauss-Kahn is commonly known as DSK , and around the world . There were dramatic scenes as Strauss-Kahn 's car arrived at court Tuesday , when topless protesters with anti-DSK slogans painted on their bodies clambered onto his car . The activists , from the feminist group Femen , were then bundled away by police . Prosecutors say the operations of the prostitution ring , organized from the Hotel Carlton in Lille , stretched all the way to New York and Washington . Sex workers involved in the parties said they were like orgies . Strauss-Kahn , who was married to French TV journalist Anne Sinclair until their divorce in 2013 , has never denied that he took part in the parties . But the crux of his defense is that he did not know prostitutes were involved . If the court finds Strauss-Kahn guilty of the charges , the former IMF director could be sentenced up to 10 years in prison and fined 1.5 million euros  $ 1.7 million . A former sex worker who 's one of the plaintiffs in the case , named only as Mounia R. , described an encounter with Strauss-Kahn at the Murano Hotel in Paris when she took the stand Tuesday . She told the court she had indicated that she did n't like the sexual practices in which they were engaging and that Strauss-Kahn registered this . He remained smiling when she cried , she said . However , she said , she consented to the brutal sexual act because she needed the money . The woman also said that her presence at the hotel was "  essentially for DSK , " adding , "  I was told we were there for him . " The former sex worker contended that none of the participants in the parties could have been unaware that the women involved were prostitutes . Questioned by the judge , Strauss-Kahn denied having seen Mounia R. crying while they were having sex , and he said he would have been petrified if he had noticed . He also said he 'd been given no sense of refusal by her . Referring to other testimonies in the case , he said other women had refused to have sex with him at the parties and that he 'd accepted their decision . "  When others said no , it was no , " he said . Asked why fellow defendant Fabrice Paszkowski , a friend and businessman , would not have told him the women were being paid for sex , Strauss-Kahn said Paszkowski knew he did not like prostitution . His friend wanted to please him by telling him the women were just "  libertines , " Strauss-Kahn said , and did n't realize the risk this represented for him . As to Mounia R. 's claim that he must have been aware she was a sex worker , Strauss-Kahn said that she had provided no concrete evidence to demonstrate that he knew . Another defendant in the case , businessman David Roquet , denied having told Mounia R. that she was essentially there for Strauss-Kahn , also a friend of his . Prosecutors say Roquet and Paszkowski picked up the bills for the sex parties for their influential friend . Another defendant , Beatrice Legrain , an occasional sex worker who 's also accused of being a pimp , also testified Tuesday . Paszkowski said she was introduced to Strauss-Kahn as a restaurant owner and the prostitute she accompanied to a party as a restaurant employee . Paszkowski reiterated that the former IMF director was not supposed to know the status of the women . The judge asked Paszkowski and Jean-Christophe Lagarde , a former senior policeman also accused in the case , if they were expecting professional benefits from their friendship with Strauss-Kahn , whom many people once saw as a future president of France . They denied that was the case . Paszkowski and other defendants have previously been adamant that Strauss-Kahn was unaware the women were prostitutes and that he never paid them . The prosecutor 's office in late 2013 asked for Strauss-Kahn 's case to be dismissed , citing lack of evidence . However , the investigating magistrates did not follow their recommendations . Altogether , there are 13 defendants in the case besides Strauss-Kahn , said Patricia Corbellego from Action Teams Against Pimping , one of the plaintiffs in the case . A biographer of Strauss-Kahn , Michel Taubman , told CNN that he believes the former IMF chief 's story in what is known in France as the "  Carlton affair . " "  If he knew that the girls were prostitutes , I think he would not have made them come to Washington and he would not have had a picture of one of them in his office , " said Taubman . In the years since his New York arrest , Strauss Kahn has spent much of his time trying to clear his name . He has tried to revive his reputation and start a new career by creating an economic consultancy , taking on both private and governmental clients . He needs these clients , according to Taubman , in order to pay his legal bills . Taubman says he does not believe Strauss Kahn can or will ever be directly involved in politics or policy making again . "  He is a father , a grandfather , he has suffered a lot , his family has suffered a lot . And I do n't think he will have the energy or the will to come back in politics , you know , " the biographer said . Strauss-Kahn said almost as much himself in an interview with CNN 's Richard Quest , long before the trial opened in Lille . "  So I made this mistake to believe that you could have a public life doing what you had to do in the public life . ... And that you can have a private life , " he said . "  And my mistake was certainly to believe that you can have these two things together without any connection between . It was wrong . It was wrong in the way you say because people are not expecting this kind of heterodox behavior from somebody having public responsibility . " The May 2011 sex scandal not only ended Strauss-Kahn 's tenure as IMF director -- a role that gave him huge influence on the economies of countries around the world -- but dashed his presidential hopes . He was the leading prospective Socialist candidate in the French presidential elections of 2012 , an election his party won . Strauss-Kahn could well have taken the presidency , which instead was claimed by Francois Hollande . The scandal erupted when Strauss-Kahn was arrested at New York 's Kennedy Airport on charges he had sexually assaulted a maid , Nafissatou Diallo , at a hotel where he had stayed . He resigned in disgrace from the IMF , and months of legal battles followed . In the end , he was cleared of the charge and allowed to return to France , only to find that his name had come up in connection with the alleged Lille prostitution ring . ' I do n't think I have any kind of problem with women , ' Strauss-Kahn says CNN 's Jim Bittermann reported from Paris and Sandrine Amiel from Lille , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London .	A former sex worker describes an encounter with Dominique Strauss-Kahn at a Paris hotel Strauss-Kahn says he did not know of the "  prostitutional nature " of sex parties he joined The ex-IMF chief is accused of organizing sex parties with prostitutes in Europe and the United States
CNN  -- Nikki Stern lost her husband in the 9/11 terrorist attacks , and she does n't understand why knives would be allowed in airplane cabins 12 years later . Stern does n't think box cutters killed her husband Jim Potorti , who was working at the World Trade Center when airliners crashed into the towers . "  The planes flying into the buildings is what killed my husband , " said Stern , an author and the first executive director of Families of September 11 . But she does n't think people need knives on airplanes . "  I am aware of the argument that anything can be made into a weapon , but knives make it easy , " Stern said . The Transportation Security Administration 's announcement last week that pocket knives and other previously prohibited items will be allowed in airline cabins starting in April has sparked an outcry among many concerned travelers , lawmakers and aviation professionals . The new rules wo n't ease screening for passengers , some say , while adding an unnecessary threat to the safety of airline crews and passengers . "  The rules are so enormously confusing for the passenger and so arbitrarily applied , " said Stern . "  They 're not really making it more convenient because you can bring a knife but you still have to take off your shoes -- unless you 're a senior ? " Many travelers echo that sense of confusion . On Twitter , a user called Terrence poses this question : "  So u can bring a knife on the plane but u ca n't have too much toothpaste or shampoo ? " Under the new rules , knives with blades that are 2.36 inches  6 centimeters  or shorter and less than a 1/2 inch wide will be allowed in airline cabins as long as the blade is not fixed or does not lock into place . Razor blades and box cutters are still prohibited . The rules also allow passengers to carry two golf clubs , toy bats or other sports sticks -- such as ski poles , hockey sticks , lacrosse sticks and pool cues -- aboard in carry-on luggage . Airlines for America , the airline trade association , said Monday "  additional discussion is warranted " before small knives are allowed on planes . Sen. Charles Schumer called on Sunday for the TSA to reverse the rule change . "  These items are dangerous , and have not become less so in the years since they were banned from planes , " the New York Democrat said . Delta Air Lines ' CEO Richard Anderson said in a letter to the TSA that the move would add little value in terms of passenger screening efficiency "  in relation to the additional risk for our cabin staff and customers . " Despite opposition , TSA chief John Pistole said the changes will bring the United States into alignment with international rules and are in keeping with a "  risk-based security " approach that will allow screeners to focus on items such as liquid explosives and improvised bombs that pose a greater threat to aircraft . TSA spokesman David Castelveter reiterated to CNN Monday that the rules would go into effect on April 25 , as scheduled . Pistole is expected to defend his decision Thursday when he attends a pre-scheduled hearing of the House Homeland Security Committee . A threat assessment determined that allowing small knives in cabins would not result in catastrophic damage to aircraft , the agency said . But after consulting with Federal Air Marshal Service leaders , the TSA opted to continue excluding knives that most closely resemble weapons , specifically knives with blades that lock in place , or have molded hand grips . Pistole also decided to keep box cutters and razor blades on the prohibited items list because of their "  emotional " connection with the September 11 , 2001 , said Castelveter . That did n't matter to travelers Darius Vitonis and Karolina Gelvonauskyte , both 26 , visiting Atlanta from Lithuania . "  A knife is a knife , " said Vitonis . "  Why bring confusion ? " "  No knives , no confusion , " said Gelvonauskyte . Risk-based approach The TSA 's moves toward a risk-based approach to security have the support of Rep. Michael McCaul , R-Texas , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee . "  TSA must continue to improve its risk-based screening and one of its highest priorities must be securing commercial aviation from the type of threats and weapons that could bring down an aircraft . Any modifications to our security system must enhance our ability to detect such threats . As I have stated , my priority is to make TSA more passenger-friendly and threat-focused . " And former TSA chief Kip Hawley supports the change . Sharp objects can no longer bring down aircraft , Hawley said , and the search for knives interferes with the search for objects that can threaten aircraft , he said . Some CNN.com readers agree . "  Small non-locking blades are not very practical killing weapons , as screwed up as the TSA is , I 'm on their side on this one , " wrote a reader with the handle MeBee . "  Stop harassing people about the little stuff and concentrate on the real stuff that can do serious harm . " Security expert Rafi Ron said the TSA should focus on risky people rather than risky objects . Opinion : Is the TSA serious ? "  When you have someone like you or me who does n't intend to attack a flight , whether we have a Swiss Army knife in our pocket or not does n't make any difference , " said Ron , president of Virginia-based New Age Security Solutions and former head of security of Ben-Gurion Airport near Tel Aviv , Israel . "  If you have somebody like one of the terrorists  who was involved in the 9/11 attacks  or a terrorist who is still out there , I 'm not sure we 'd want him to have even a Swiss Army knife , " Ron said . "  Risk is not measured by the item , whether it is a knife or gun . It is measured by the person holding it . A bad guy with a Swiss Army knife can still cause a lot of damage to the crew and passengers in the cabin before the aircraft can land . " Rep. Markey joins chorus of those against letting knives on planes That potential for violence is part of what has flight attendants concerned . Former flight attendant Tiffany Hawk is "  stupefied " by the move , "  especially since the process that turns checkpoints into maddening logjams -- removing shoes , liquids and computers -- remains unchanged , " she wrote in an opinion column for CNN . And Veda Shook , president of the Association of Flight Attendants , said the move is "  completely unnecessary " and "  makes no sense . " Rather than freeing up time , she predicted that security officers will get more bogged down testing and measuring the knives to see if they meet the criteria . The Flight Attendants Union Coalition , representing nearly 90,000 flight attendants , and the Coalition of Airline Pilots Associations  CAPA  , which represents 22,000 airline pilots , also oppose the rule change . By Monday afternoon , more than 20,000 people had signed a petition to WhiteHouse.gov calling on the TSA to keep knives off of planes . Traveler Emma Siemasko , a writer and blogger in Boston , sees "  the flip-floppiness " of the TSA 's policies as the real problem . "  There are too many rules to follow and there also does n't seem to be much rhyme or reason . " Many travelers see rules that have n't been eased as bigger hurdles to the air travel experience : "  I would prefer they get rid of the liquid restrictions . I 'll leave my penknife at home , " wrote a CNN reader . "  But trying to find 3 oz bottles of everything and stuff them all into a quart baggie is a royal pain . " Knives on a plane ? Really ? CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Melissa Gray , Justin Lear and Todd Sperry contributed to this report .	Opposition still heated a week after a rule was announced to allow knives in airplane cabins A 9/11 widow said allowing knives makes accessing weapons "  easy " Delta CEO sees little benefit to a change that poses "  additional risk " to staff and passengers Supporters say allowing knives will give screeners more time to address larger threats
Budget Travel  -- With rates as low as $ 36 , these flashy new European hotels take the convenience of the pod concept and expand it with style . Qbic hotels have a clever lighting concept -- Deep Purple Love , anyone ? You can pick the color you like , or turn them off altogether . YOTEL Where : Inside terminals at London 's Gatwick and Heathrow airports  in Terminal 4  , and Amsterdam 's Schiphol airport . The concept : Catering to those with a long layover , these glossy , no-nonsense capsule hotels are small but convenient for business travelers -- or someone just looking for a nap and a shower . What you get : A windowless room  about 75 square feet  that looks like a cruise ship cabin -- there 's a shower , a TV , a fold-out work desk and an overhead storage rack ; Wi-Fi is free . Bonus : a 24-hour room-service menu of snacks and drinks delivered within 15 minutes . What it 'll cost : There 's a four-hour minimum , which costs about $ 36 for a standard cabin in the London locations . After that , pay by the hour  about $ 10  . Premium cabins are probably better for shares -- those start at $ 57 for four hours . yotel.com . QBIC Where : Antwerp , Belgium ; Maastricht and Amsterdam , the Netherlands . The concept : A completely self-service hotel . You check yourself in at the kiosk and buy everything with your hotel key card . What you get : In the center of each room is a Cubi , a 75-square-foot enclosed platform for the bed , a bar-like work-and-dine space and the bathroom . The lighting is at your discretion -- Mellow Yellow , Deep Purple Love -- it 's all pretty club-like . There 's a vending machine in the lobby filled with drinks , locally made snacks such as organic bread and things you may have forgotten -- like neckties . What it 'll cost : From $ 91 . qbichotels.com . CITIZENM Where : Near Amsterdam 's Schiphol airport and in central Amsterdam 's posh Zuid neighborhood , which started taking guests this April . The concept : Keeping prices down by using prefabricated everything -- the 150-square-foot rooms are built in a factory , stacked up and then shot through with plumbing and electrical wiring . Budget Travel wrote about citizenM in a February 2009 story on boutique hostels . Budget Travel : See photos of the boutique hostels What you get : Only single-bed rooms are offered , each with an ultramodern cylindrical shower . Use a control panel  called a moodpad  to manage the room temperature , blinds , alarm clock , stereo and lighting -- there are clever choices like "  I 'm here to party , " with intense colored lighting and dance music . There 's also a 24-hour self-service cafeteria ; if you 're craving a martini , a bartender is on duty in the evenings . What it 'll cost : From $ 109 . citizenm.com . EXPANSION PLANS All three of these mini chains have plans to expand -- some more than others . CitizenM will open a third hotel in Glasgow , Scotland , in 2009 , and plans to expand into London and New York City in the next five years . Yotel will open in London and then at all major airport hubs in Europe and the U.S. , but there are no fixed dates . Qbic hopes to pursue a franchise model -- if you  really  like what you see , apply to be a franchise-owner on the Web site . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Pay just $ 36 for four hours in one of Yotel 's London locations At Qbic hotels , colorful lighting schemes give the rooms a club-like feel CitizenM rooms feature an ultramodern cylindrical shower
CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai will meet with President Barack Obama on Friday to discuss the post-2014 American presence in Afghanistan . The U.S. military has already given Obama options under which as few as 6,000 or as many as 20,000 soldiers would remain in Afghanistan after 2014 . Those forces would work as advisers to the Afghan army and mount special operations raids against the Taliban and al Qaeda . Read more : U.S. may remove all troops from Afghanistan after 2014 But on Tuesday , Ben Rhodes , the White House 's deputy national security adviser , told reporters that the Obama administration is mulling the idea of removing all U.S. troops from Afghanistan after the NATO combat mission finishes at the end of 2014 . This may be a negotiating ploy by the Obama administration as it gets down to some hard bargaining with Karzai , who has long criticized many aspects of the U.S. military presence and who is likely to be reluctant to accede to a key American demand : That any U.S. soldiers who remain in Afghanistan after 2014 retain immunity from prosecution in the dysfunctional Afghan court system . It was this issue that led the U.S. to pull all its troops out of Iraq in December , 2011 after failing to negotiate an agreement with the Nuri al-Maliki government . Read more : Defense officials to press Karzai on what he needs Or this may represent the real views of those in the Obama administration who have long called for a much-reduced U.S. presence in Afghanistan , and it is also in keeping with the emerging Obama doctrine of attacking al Qaeda and its allies with drones but no American boots on the ground . And it certainly aligns with the view of most Americans , only around a quarter of whom now support the war in Afghanistan , according to a poll taken in September . Security Clearance : Afghanistan options emerge In any case , zeroing out U.S. troop levels in the post-2014 Afghanistan is a bad idea on its face -- and even raising this concept publicly is maladroit strategic messaging to Afghanistan and the region writ large . Why so ? Afghans well remember something that most Americans have forgotten . After the Soviet Union withdrew from Afghanistan , something that was accomplished at the cost of more than a million Afghan lives and billions of dollars of U.S. aid , the United States closed its embassy in Afghanistan in 1989 during the George H. W. Bush administration and then zeroed out aid to one of the poorest countries in the world under the Clinton administration . It essentially turned its back on Afghans once they had served their purpose of dealing a deathblow to the Soviets . As a result , the United States had virtually no understanding of the subsequent vacuum in Afghanistan into which eventually stepped the Taliban , who rose to power in the mid-1990s . The Taliban granted shelter to Osama bin Laden and his al Qaeda organization from 1996 onward . Read more : Court considers demand that U.S. release photos of bin Laden 's body After the overthrow of the Taliban , a form of this mistake was made again by the George W. Bush administration , which had an ideological disdain for nation building and was distracted by the Iraq War , so that in the first years after the fall of the Taliban , only a few thousand U.S. soldiers were stationed in Afghanistan . The relatively small number of American boots on the ground in Afghanistan helped to create a vacuum of security in the country , which the Taliban would deftly exploit , so that by 2007 , they once again posed a significant military threat in Afghanistan . In 2009 , Obama ordered a surge of 30,000 troops into Afghanistan to blunt the Taliban 's gathering momentum , which it has certainly accomplished . Read more : Inside the Taliban But when Obama announced the new troops of the Afghan surge , most media accounts of the speech seized on the fact that the president also said that some of those troops would be coming home in July 2011 . This had the unintended effect of signaling to the Taliban that the U.S. was pulling out of Afghanistan reasonably soon and fit into the longstanding narrative that many Afghans have that the U.S. will abandon them again . Similarly , the current public discussion of zero U.S. troop presence in Afghanistan after 2014 will encourage those hardliner elements of the Taliban who have no interest in a negotiated settlement and believe they can simply wait the Americans out . It also discourages the many millions of Afghans who see a longtime U.S. presence as the best guarantor that the Taliban wo n't come back in any meaningful way and also an important element in dissuading powerful neighbors such as Pakistan from interference in Afghanistan 's internal affairs . Read related : Afghanistan vet finds a new way to serve Instead of publicly discussing the zero option on troops in Afghanistan after 2014 , a much smarter American messaging strategy for the country and the region would be to emphasize that the Strategic Partnership Agreement that the United States has already negotiated with Afghanistan last year guarantees that the U.S. will have some form of partnership with the Afghans until 2024 . In this messaging strategy , the point should be made that the exact size of the American troop presence after 2014 is less important than the fact that U.S. soldiers will stay in the country for many years , with Afghan consent , as a guarantor of Afghanistan 's stability . The United States continues to station thousands of troops in South Korea more than five decades after the end of the Korean War . Under this American security umbrella , South Korea has gone from being one of the poorest countries in the world to one of the richest . It is this kind of model that most Afghans want and the U.S. needs to provide so Afghanistan does n't revert to the kind of chaos that beset it in the mid-1990s and from which the Taliban first emerged . Read more : What 's at stake for Afghan women ?	White House aide suggested all U.S. troops could be withdrawn from Afghanistan Peter Bergen said the idea would be dangerous and send the wrong message He says U.S. has abandoned Afghanistan before and saw the rise of the Taliban Bergen : U.S. is seeking agreement that military will have immunity from prosecution
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria 's ailing president has broken two months of silence to assure his countrymen that contrary to speculation he is alive and intending to return to power soon . President Umaru Musa Yar ` Adua this week gave his first media interview since being admitted to a hospital in Saudi Arabia in late November where he is being treated for acute pericarditis , an inflammation of tissue around the heart . His absence has created a power vacuum in Africa 's most populous country , as Yar ` Adua has not formally handed his presidential duties to Vice-president Goodluck Jonathan . In a phone interview with the BBC from his hospital bed Tuesday , President Yar ` Adua said he was recovering from his treatment . "  At the moment I 'm undergoing treatment . I 'm getting better from the treatment . I hope that very soon there will be tremendous progress to allow me to get back home , " he said . "  As soon as my doctors discharge me I 'll return to Nigeria to resume my duties , " he added . Yar ` Adua 's interview coincided with demonstrations in the nation 's capital , Abuja , where protesters demanded a constitutional order on his absence and "  evidence about his true state of health , " Voice of Nigeria reported . The Nigerian Senate is seeking also information on the president 's whereabouts and health . It passed a resolution Tuesday asking Nigeria 's "  secretary to the government of the federation " to brief it on Yar ` Adua 's status , Voice of Nigeria reported . The Senate had earlier considered sending a delegation to Saudi Arabia . "  In arriving at its decision , the Senate expressed concern that there had been no formal communication to the National Assembly " -- as required by the nation 's constitution -- "  to  empower the vice president to act and perform the functions of the president , " Voice of Nigeria reported . Some senators also pushed for an amendment to a law stating that a presidential letter to the National Assembly about an absence is optional , the news organization reported . Foreign Minister Ojo Maduekwe told CNN he has not spoken to Yar ` Adua since he left for Saudi Arabia . But he also said he has no need to talk to the president while he is recovering . Yar ` Adua 's illness was diagnosed in November after he complained of chest pain following prayers at a mosque in Abuja . He was taken to King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre in Jeddah , where he had his last checkup in August , his doctor said . He said at the time he did not intend to resign while in Saudi Arabia . In addition to internal discord over its missing president , the oil-rich nation has faced some international heat after one of its citizens allegedly attempted to blow up a U.S.-bound flight on Christmas Day . Nigeria was then cited as a country from which enhanced security measures would be enforced for passengers on U.S.-bound flights . A senior U.S. administration official said Nigeria fell into the U.S. Transportation Security Administration category of "  state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest . " Another notable worry for the government is its handling of militants who have wrestled with the government over oil . On Tuesday , police announced that four Shell contractors had been abducted . Hundreds others have been kidnapped over recent years . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Nigeria 's president says in a phone interview that he is alive and recovering from treatment Yar ` Adua has not been seen since leaving Nigeria for treatment in Saudi Arabia in late November His absence has created a power vacuum in the African country Protesters , the Senate call for more information on his whereabouts and state of health
Two days after the grisly discovery , the case of the Los Angeles hotel water tank corpse is a mystery with many unanswered questions . The decomposing body of Elisa Lam floated inside a water tank on the roof of the Cecil Hotel while guests brushed their teeth , bathed and drank with water from it for as long as 19 days . A maintenance worker , checking on complaints about the hotel 's water , found the 21-year-old Canadian tourist inside one of four water cisterns Tuesday morning , Los Angeles Police Sgt. Rudy Lopez said . How and where did Elisa Lam die ? Los Angeles robbery-homicide detectives are treating this as a suspicious death for obvious reasons , Lopez said . Falling into a covered water tank behind a locked door on top of a roof would be an unusual accident . An autopsy was completed , but the cause of death is deferred pending further examination , assistant chief coroner Ed Winter said Thursday . That may take six to eight weeks . It will be several weeks before investigators have the toxicology lab report which would show whether Lam had any drugs in her system . Any marks , injuries or wounds may suggest Lam died elsewhere and was dumped into the tank by her killer . Water in Lam 's lungs could be a sign that she drowned , but it might not tell why she was inside the small tank . One clue comes from security camera video of Lam inside a hotel elevator the last day she was seen . She is seen walking into the elevator , pushing the buttons for four floors and then peering out of the opened elevator door as if she is hiding or looking for someone . Clad in a red hoodie , Lam at one point walks out of the elevator before returning to it , pushing the buttons again . She then stands outside the open elevator doorway , motioning with her hands , before apparently walking away . Lam checked into the Cecil Hotel five days earlier , January 26 , on her way to Santa Cruz , California , according to police in her hometown of Vancouver , British Columbia . Why did it it take so long to find Lam ? Lam 's parents reported the University of British Columbia student missing in early February . Her daily calls home stopped on January 31 , police told reporters on February 6 at a Los Angeles news conference . Because it was an international case -- and her parents and sister flew to California to find answers -- the case may have gotten more attention than most of the several thousand missing person reports made in Los Angeles each year . A search of the hotel then found no sign of Lam , including a trip to the roof with a police search dog , Lopez said . Strange things began happening with the hotel 's water supply later in the month , according to Sabina and Michael Baugh , a British couple who spent eight days there until checking out Wednesday . The water pressure dropped to a trickle at times . "  The shower was awful , " Sabina Baugh said . "  When you turned the tap on , the water was coming black first for two seconds and then it was going back to normal . " The tap water "  tasted horrible , " Baugh said . "  It had a very funny , sweety , disgusting taste . It 's a very strange taste . I can barely describe it . " But for a week , they never complained . "  We never thought anything of it , " she said . "  We thought it was just the way it was here . " Knowing now what they did n't know then about the water is sickening , Michael Baugh said . "  It makes you feel literally physically sick , but more than that you feel it psychologically . You think about it and it 's not good . " Eventually , the hotel maintenance department investigated the water problem , sending a worker to look into the tank , police said . He saw Lam 's lifeless body at the bottom . A hard-working family Randy Schmidt , a spokesman for the University of British Columbia , said Lam was registered in a class in August , but was not registered in any classes this year , according to records . "  Unfortunately , we do not have much more to say , other than to extend our deepest sympathies to the family , " said Schmidt . According to Los Angeles police , Lam tended to use public transportation . Teika Steins , manager of a hostel in Toronto , Canada , said Lam stayed a week there in early December . Steins called the young woman friendly and outgoing . Flowers and signs were left Thursday outside the temporarily-closed Lam family restaurant in Burnaby , British Columbia . Tanya Grohmann , who works nearby , said she was saddened by the loss and the fact the family did not know what happened to the young woman . "  They are a hard-working family . They immigrated here , " she told CNN affiliate CTV . "  They 've been in the neighborhood for nine years working . ... They 're honest people . " Why did hotel stay open after discovery ? New guests continued to check into the Cecil in the hours after firefighters removed Lam 's body from the water tank . But each guest was asked to sign a waiver releasing the hotel from liability if they become ill . "  You do so at your own risk and peril , " the hotel 's release said . Guests who already paid for their rooms would not get refunds if they move out , it said . CNN 's repeated calls to the hotel for comment were unreturned Wednesday and Thursday . The Los Angeles Public Health Department immediately tested the water supply , but told the manager they could stay open as long as they provided bottle water and warned guests not to drink the tap water . The results of the testing showed no harmful bacteria in the tank or the pipes , according to Angelo Bellomo , director of environmental health for the department . Chlorine in the city 's water may be the reason it is safe , he said . All of the tanks and pipes in the building still must be drained , flushed and sanitized , Bellomo said . The water will be retested after that process , which should take several days , he said . Several guests interviewed by CNN on Wednesday indicated the hotel management did not tell them about the body in the water supply they had been drinking and bathing in . Qui Nguyen learned about it from a CNN reporter Wednesday morning . He decided not to sign the waiver and instead find a new hotel . Many of its guests are tourists from other countries drawn by the hotel 's billing as a "  European-style " hotel that is the perfect accommodation for "  spend-thrifty travelers . " But if they take Kim Cooper 's tour bus ride through the neighborhood , they would hear about the Cecil being the former temporary home to at least two convicted murderers , including "  Night Stalker " serial killer Richard Ramirez . Ramirez paid $ 14 a day to stay on the 14th floor during his 1980s killing spree , Cooper said . The Cecil Hotel is "  in the heart of the action , allowing our guest to embrace the city and the surrounding areas that make Los Angeles famous , " according to the description you 'll hear when you call there and are placed on hold . In fact , the hotel is just a few blocks away from the infamous Skid Row district in downtown Los Angeles , but 16 miles from the beaches of Santa Monica , eight miles from Hollywood 's Walk of Fame and 12 miles from glamorous streets of Beverly Hills that are prominently featured on the Cecil 's website . If you want a reservation at the Cecil you will have to wait until next month . The website said the hotel is "  sold out " until March 1 . After then , you can book a room for $ 65 . Hotel with corpse in water tank has notorious past	Cause of death deferred , pending further examination Tests show hotel water is free of harmful bacteria , health department says Canadian university says woman not registered in classes this year Water "  had a very funny , sweety , disgusting taste , " one guest says
Editor 's note : A renowned chef and restaurateur , Scottish-born Gordon Ramsay is perhaps best known in the United States for his television show "  Hell 's Kitchen . " He writes here about witnessing domestic abuse as a child and what he 's doing now to make sure others do n't witness the same . He will appear on "  Larry King Live " tonight at 9 ET . Chef Gordon Ramsay writes of seeing his father abuse his mother ; today Ramsay fights domestic abuse . LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- No child should ever have to live in fear in their own home . A home should be a place where you feel safe and loved ; when I was a kid , our home was anything but that . Growing up , my father was less than a perfect role model . I watched how he battled alcoholism and how he became terribly violent with my mum , to the point where she feared for her life . Every time he got violent , any present that my brother , sisters , or I had given mum would be smashed , simply because he knew it belonged to her . There were instances when the police were called to take him away ; mum was taken to the hospital while we kids were taken to a children 's home . As kids , my brother , sisters and I moved around to more homes and schools than I can remember . Dad would often have a fallout with someone at work and get fired , and because our home often came with his job , we would become homeless and have to move again . To this day , I will never understand why mum stayed with him . She deserved so much better and so much more ; it still pains me to remember how badly he treated her . I have four young children of my own , and I could never see myself behaving the way my father did when I was a child . I want to be a role model for my children and have them look up to me . With that said , my wife , Tana , and I are proud to be ambassadors of Women 's Aid , a national charity in England working to end domestic violence against women and children . Women 's Aid helps more than 320,000 women and children every year . It also supports more than 500 domestic and sexual violence services across England . Domestic violence is not identified solely by violent physical abuse ; instead , it is defined as physical , sexual , psychological , financial , or emotional violence that takes place in a relationship , intimate or family-oriented . Eventually , this develops into a pattern of coercive and controlling behavior . The statistics are staggering : 1 in 4 women in the UK experience domestic violence in their lifetime , and between 6-10 percent of women suffer from domestic violence in a given year . The problem is , less than half of these incidents are reported to the police . And even still , a phone call is made to the police every single minute in the UK to report a case of domestic violence . That means police receive an estimated 1,300 calls each day and more than 570,000 each year , according to Women 's Aid . I encourage everyone to help take a stand against domestic violence . My wife , Tana , and I ran the London Marathon for Women 's Aid for the past two years . As ambassadors , we are pleased to say that we have received more than # 5,000 in donations from friends , well-wishers and supporters of the charity . Just last week , Tana and I hosted a fundraising dinner and auction for Women 's Aid in Berkeley Square in London , which helped raise more than # 475,000 , more than double our original target for the evening . My father passed away in 1997 after a long battle with alcoholism . These days , my mum is still my biggest supporter -- she remains there by my side through everything , and for that , I am forever grateful . E-mail to a friend	Gordon Ramsay says his father battled alcohol and abused Ramsay 's mom Ramsay says 1 in 4 women in the UK experience domestic violence He tries to fight the problem by speaking out and raising money
To quash what he described as "  irrational fear , " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Friday he 'll ride one of the three subway lines taken by the latest Ebola patient in the United States . "  There 's no reason for New Yorkers to panic or feel that they have anything to worry about on the subway system , " the Democrat told CNN 's Alisyn Camerota on "  New Day , " adding that he plans to ride either the A , L or 1 train on Friday . Craig Spencer , a doctor who recently returned from Guinea , tested positive for Ebola on Thursday in New York , becoming the fourth person diagnosed with the virus in the United States . From Guinea to the U.S. : Timeline of first Ebola patient in New York City Spencer returned from West Africa last week , but did n't exhibit symptoms until Thursday . Cuomo stressed that the virus is transmitted only after a person starts feeling sick and shows symptoms , and New York officials are monitoring the four individuals that Spencer had contact with after he started showing those symptoms . The governor said he spoke to President Barack Obama on Thursday night , as well as Ebola czar Ron Klain about the situation . New York has been well prepared for an Ebola case , Cuomo said , and he believes they have the system in place to handle the recent diagnosis . "  Now being New Yorkers , a little anxiety can keep you safe , right ? And it 's not a bad thing . But undue anxiety is unproductive and there 's no reason for undue anxiety in this situation , " he said . Complete coverage on Ebola	New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo says he plans to ride either the A , L or 1 train on Friday Craig Spencer , a doctor in New York , tested positive or Ebola on Thursday
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia will let its female athletes compete in the Olympics for the first time , its embassy in London said . Until now , Saudi Arabia was one of three countries that did not allow women to participate in the games . The other two -- Qatar and Brunei -- also reversed course this year and said they will send female athletes to the London games , which begin July 27 . "  The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia wishes to reaffirm its support for the sublime meanings reflected by Olympic Games and the cherished values of excellence , friendship and respect that they represent , " the Saudi Embassy in London said in a statement announcing the decision . The International Olympic Committee had been pressing Saudi Arabia to allow women to compete and act as officials , and said in March that talks were going well . "  IOC is confident that Saudi Arabia is working to include women athletes and officials at the Olympic Games in London in accordance with the International Federations ' rules , " the committee said March 19 . Palestinian female Olympian : ` Miracles do happen ' The decision is a rare concession for a kingdom where women are banned from driving . They also can not vote or hold public office , though that will change in 2015 . Women in Saudi Arabia also can not marry , leave the country , go to school or open bank accounts without permission from a male guardian , who usually is the father or husband . Much of public life is segregated by gender . When it came to sports , female athletes were barred from the Olympic Games because they would be participating in front of a mixed-gender crowd . The Saudi Embassy did not say what prompted the kingdom to change its mind . Officials in Saudi Arabia could not immediately be reached for comment . Can Saudi women be competitive at Olympics ? The embassy statement added that women who qualify for the Games will be allowed to participate , raising questions how many female athletes will be ready at such short notice . Dalma Rushdi Malhas , who became the first Saudi woman to compete in the Youth Olympics , praised the decision , calling it "  a dream come true . " "  This just opens so many doors for women , " Malhas , an equestrian , told CNN International . Malhas said she wo n't be competing in London games this year because her horse suffered a minor injury , but did n't rule out future competitions . "  I look forward to giving my best and I 'm determined to keep on trying for the next Games , hopefully , " she said . Earlier this year , Human Rights Watch issued a report in which it said the Saudi government 's policy of banning women 's participation in national competitive sports reflects the "  predominant conservative view that opening sports to women and girls will lead to immorality : ` steps of the devil , ' as one prominent religious scholar put it . " In 2009 and 2010 , the country closed private gyms for women , and its schools ' curriculum does not include physical education classes for women , the rights group said . And while the Saudi National Olympic Committee selects athletes to represent it in competition , the committee does not have a women 's section . Saudi Arabia 's 153 official sports club are also closed to women , Human Rights Watch said . The only exception is the female basketball section of Jeddah United , a private sports company that is not among the official sports clubs , the group said . For its part , Qatar will send three women to London this year : a shooter , a swimmer and a runner . Brunei will send a woman who will compete in hurdling .	One Saudi athlete praises the decision as "  a dream come true " Saudi Arabian schools do n't have physical ed classes for girls Qatar and Brunei will also send women for the first time The decision is a rare concession for a kingdom where women can not drive or vote
As protesters shut down streets around Capitol Hill on Sunday morning , local and national leaders sounded off on developments in Ferguson , Missouri , and speculation over whether President Barack Obama would make a visit to the area . Gov. Deval Patrick , D-Massachusetts , suggested that Obama would like to visit Ferguson . "  I think he wants to go , " Patrick said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday . "  And that 's not because I know that . I just sense that knowing the man . " Following the news last week that Officer Darren Wilson would not be indicted , Obama made an address to the country calling for Americans to accept the decision and not to react with violence . However , he also addressed the frustrations of many in Ferguson and across the country . "  The fact is , in too many parts of this country , a deep distrust exists between law enforcement and communities of color . Some of this is the result of the legacy of racial discrimination in this country . And this is tragic , because nobody needs good policing more than poor communities with higher crime rates . " The President also announced that he had instructed Attorney General Eric Holder to work with cities to build better relations between communities and law enforcement . The first meeting will occur Monday in Atlanta , where Holder will hold a roundtable discussion with law enforcement , local officials , community leaders , student leaders and faith leaders on race relations and policing in minority communities . Following the meeting , Holder will speak at Atlanta 's Ebenezer Baptist Church , where Martin Luther King Jr. once preached . However it 's unclear whether Holder or Obama will visit Ferguson . Patrick said it is n't surprising that some are calling for a visit from the President . He said that as an African-American governor , constituents sometimes looked to him on matters of race , not just their local leaders . "  The expectations of me by virtue of being a black elected official were different , and I had to learn that . " Although discussion over the issue has been rampant since the killing of Michael Brown in early August , there is still much disagreement over what changes would be effective in addressing tensions between law enforcement and the communities they police . Wilson submitted his resignation from the Ferguson Police Department on Saturday , but the underlying issues revealed by the incident and response within the community are far from resolved . New York City is famous for its diversity as well as varied history with policing and violence . On Sunday , former New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly offered his thoughts on what needs to change and called on the federal government to invest in diversifying law enforcement . "  You ca n't have a city that 's two thirds African-American policed by a department of 53 police officers where only three of them are a minority . It makes no sense , " said Kelly on ABC 's "  The Week . " "  A department that reflects the city or the municipality that it serves is much easier to police . It 's smarter policing to have that type of a relationship . " Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani , famous for cracking down on violence with policies such as "  stop-and-frisk , " said better training for law enforcement is a key part of the solution . However , he also said that more violence occurs in black communitiesm , warranting an increased police presence . "  I think just as much if not more responsibility is on the black community to reduce the reason why the police officers are assigned in such large numbers to the black community , " Giulani said of "  Fox News Sunday . " "  Train the police and make them better , I tried it hard . We have a diverse police department in New York . You got to work on the other side of it , too . This is not a one-sided story , and it is presented always as a one-sided story . " However , National Urban League President Marc Morial pushed back on Giuliani 's comments . As mayor of New Orleans , Morial said he focused on encouraging strong relationships between local communities and law enforcement -- not only reducing tensions , but preventing crimes . "  I think it 's better , if you will , to embrace a proactive , and this is the term , proactive policing system where police officers are out on the beat , where they 're building relationships with people in the community . Because after all , the way you bring down crime in a community is not simply by making arrest , but by preventing crime from occurring . "	Local and national leaders address whether President Obama should go to Ferguson Gov. Deval Patrick , D-Massachusetts : "  I think he wants to go " Attorney General Eric Holder will hold a roundtable discussion in Atlanta on Monday
CNN  -- Defending champion Serena Williams edged towards another milestone with the 49th WTA Tour title of her career on Sunday , coming from behind to beat Jelena Jankovic in the final of the Family Circle Cup in South Carolina . The world No. 1 , who is seeking to become only the 10th woman to have reached a half-century , triumphed for the third time on the green clay at Charleston as she won 12 of the last 14 games . The American , who had a similar run in vanquishing Maria Sharapova to claim a record sixth Miami title last weekend , posted a 3-6 6-0 6-2 victory in just under two hours . Jankovic , herself former top-ranked player but 18th going into this event , had hopes she might repeat her 2008 Rome win on red clay over Williams as she won a 45-minute opening set . But , after an argument over the Serbian apparently trying to take her serve too quickly , the 15-time grand slam champion stepped up a gear to control the match . "  I felt so close in that first set . I felt like I could have been up 3-0 , "  said Williams , the only woman to have won more than $ 40 million in prize money . "  She was playing really , really well , but it was just a shot here , a shot there , and she played really well in the big points . And I had so many opportunities that I missed . She took advantage of that , and she went on to glory in that first set . "  After that I just got really relaxed and was like , ` Serena , you have to chill out and not get crazy and if you win , great . If not , you 're trying . Just do the best you can . ' " She won despite double-faulting on her first match point and hitting the net with a forehand on her second , but still managed 27 winners against 13 unforced errors in those last two sets , having been 12-123 in the first . The 31-year-old , who beat older sister Venus in Saturday 's semifinals , took her career record to Jankovic to 6-4 and extended her record to 75-4 since the start of the 2012 clay season a year ago . Jankovic had won 14 of her last 16 matches , reaching the semis in Miami and winning the 13th title of her career in Colombia . "  I thought I played pretty well in that first set -- I was holding my serve and then waiting for my chance to break , " Jankovic said . "  In the second set I had 40-15 in that first game and then again in another couple of games I had 40-15 , 40-0 . I should have focused and gotten those games . " Meanwhile , the Czech Republic became the first team through to the semifinals of the men 's Davis Cup competition on Sunday , completing a 3-1 win over Kazakhstan in Astana . Lukas Rosol won 7-6  7-5  6-7  2-7  7-6  7-5  6-2 over Evgeny Korolev to earn a home clash with Argentina in September . It also put the defending champions top of the ITF nation rankings , ending Spain 's four-year reign . Argentina went through with a 3-2 win at home to France , as world No. 71 Carlos Berlocq upset 13th-ranked Gilles Simon 6-4 5-7 6-4 6-4 in the decisive rubber . World No. 8 Jo Wilfried-Tsonga had leveled the tie by earlier beating Juan Monaco 6-3 6-3 6-0 . In the other quarterfinals , Serbia won 3-1 against the United States as world No. 1 Novak Djokovic battled to a 7-5 6-7  4-7  6-1 6-0 victory over Sam Querrey in Idaho . Djokovic suffered an injury scare when he twisted his ankle in the third game of the match , but was able to continue with painkillers while the usually strong-serving Querrey struggled with his own shoulder problem . The Serbs took a 2-1 lead in Saturday 's epic doubles rubber , as Ilija Bozoljac and Nenad Zimonjic defeated top-ranked Bob and Mike Bryan 7-6  7-5  7-6  7-1  5-7 4-6 15-13 in a match lasting almost four and a half hours . Serbia , the 2010 champions , will next face Canada or Italy . That quarterfinal was 2-1 in the home team 's favor after Saturday 's doubles in Vancouver .	World No. 1 Serena Williams defends her title at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston American rallies to defeat Jelena Jankovic 3-6 6-0 6-2 in Sunday 's final Serbian 's compatriots through to semifinals of Davis Cup , beating U.S. in Idaho Champion Czech Republic team will play Argentina in the other semifinal
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- A volcano that had been inactive for more than 400 years erupted in Indonesia early Sunday , causing thousands of people to flee their homes , officials said . Mount Sinabung in North Sumatra province had been inactive since the 1600s , but spewed volcanic ash nearly a mile into the air Sunday , said Surono , head of the country 's volcanology and geology agency . "  We do n't know the character of this volcano because it 's been dormant for so long , " he said . There were no reports of casualties or injuries . "  The situation is under control . Emergency response teams are already on the scene , " said Priyadi Kardono of the National Disaster Management Agency . Officials have evacuated 12,000 residents living in 14 villages near the volcano , which erupted just after 12:15 a.m. Sunday  1:15 p.m. ET Saturday  , the official Antara news agency reported . "  We felt strong tremors last night . It was a volcanic quake , " Indonesian Red Cross worker Muhammad Isral told the agency . "  After that , the crater of Mount Sinabung spewed glowing lava . And trees in the mount slopes were burnt . It was followed by thick clouds that caused visibility to be only about five meters . " On Saturday , the Center for Volcanology and Geological Disaster Mitigation issued a warning and ordered evacuation of a 6 km  3.7 miles  radius around the volcano . Surano said investigators are monitoring and studying the volcano . Based on the data they have now , he said , a large , destructive eruption is unlikely . No hazardous gas had been detected after Sunday 's eruption , he said . CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report .	Officials say there are no reports of casualties or injuries so far Mount Sinabung was inactive for more than 400 years State media reports that 12,000 residents have been evacuated from 14 villages
CNN  -- Economic sanctions have effects , says an expert at Johns Hopkins University , but not all may be intended . "  Sanctions historically are quite counterproductive in the sense that if you impose sanctions on your enemy , it tends to strengthen your enemy , " Steve Hanke told CNN 's John Defterios . In Iran -- where oil exports provide about 70 % of government revenues according to the Congressional Research Service -- ongoing sanctions that bar the export of oil are hurting its economy . In the past year , Iranian crude sales have dropped 60 % while the value of the rial has fallen to near-historic lows . Since 2010 , the currency has dropped nearly 24 % against the U.S. dollar . At the same time , food prices for everything from meat for kebabs to yogurt have surged . The international community hopes the sanctions will pressure Iran to stop its alleged development of nuclear weapons . Iran has maintained its nuclear program is for peaceful energy purposes yet only last month the International Atomic Energy Agency released a report saying Iran can now readily convert its uranium stockpiles to a weapons-grade level . Hanke , an economics professor and expert on sanctions , says the economic restrictions on Iran could be dangerous for the global oil trade and threatens safe passage through the Strait of Hormuz , a narrow shipping lane in the Persian Gulf . "  If you squeeze and squeeze and you do n't allow the Iranians to sell any oil , then what do they have to lose by shutting the Strait of Hormuz down ? And if they do that , that 's 35 % of all the world 's oil that comes through the strait and 20 % of the liquefied natural gas in the world , " Hanke says . Hanke adds if the Strait of Hormuz is shut down for even a week , the economic impact would be "  bigger than any bomb we could conceive of . " Looking elsewhere in the world , Hanke points to relations between the United States and Cuba as another example of sanctions not succeeding . "  That 's why we 've seen Castro and the Communists hanging around for so long in Cuba . " Washington first imposed an embargo on Cuban goods in 1960 to pressure the Communist government under Fidel Castro into collapse . But Cuba is still ruled by a Castro -- Fidel 's brother , Raul -- and is still Communist . While there has been a thawing of bilateral relations with the U.S. in recent years , restrictions remain . On Tuesday , the United Nations General Assembly passed a symbolic condemnation of Washington 's embargo of Cuban goods , 188-3 . This vote has occurred for the past 21 years in a row . This past September , U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said Israel should lift its blockade of Gaza to ease the plight of civilians , saying that the policy would backfire . "  Keeping a large and dense population in unremitting poverty is in nobody 's interest except that of the most extreme radicals in the region , " he declared . Hanke says those on the receiving end of sanctions , "  will point their finger at those who are imposing the sanctions , they 'll say they 're the enemy , they 're the bad guys . "	Sanctions on oil exports from Iran are hurting the nation 's economy Iranian crude sales have dropped 60 % in the past year It is hoped that the sanctions will stop Iran from developing nuclear weapons Steve Hanke at Johns Hopkins university warns that sanctions might be counterproductive
CNN  -- Just when many colleges have started sending out their acceptances , director Paul Weitz 's "  Admission , " a comedy set in a fictionalized Princeton University admissions office , has debuted in movie theaters across the country . The film is off to a so-so start at the box office , but its timing could not be better for drawing in high school seniors and their parents . Tina Fey , in the role of Portia Nathan , an admissions officer with a screwball love life , gives us a lot to laugh at in "  Admission , " but as a college professor who has served on his school 's admissions committee , I found myself doing more squirming than laughing as I watched the film . What had me squirming was the focus of "  Admission , " Portia 's efforts to gain entry into Princeton for Jeremiah Balakian , a brilliant student , who was a screwup at his local New Hampshire high school but who has found himself at Quest , a nearby progressive , prep school . Jeremiah is the classic diamond in the rough . He has gotten fives on all his advanced placement tests , despite never having taken an AP course , and he is near 800  the top score  on his College Boards . But Portia , whose motives for helping Jeremiah are personal and professional , can not convince her fellow admissions officers that Jeremiah is right for Princeton . After they vote to reject him , she takes matters into her own hands . In the middle of the night , she sneaks into the Princeton admissions office and changes Jeremiah 's folder from deny to accept . The result is a blessing for Jeremiah but the end of Portia 's career in college admissions . What worried me -- and will , I assume , worry high school students and their parents -- is the film 's implication that the only way a diamond in the rough gets into a college such as Princeton is through an admissions officer willing to sacrifice her best interests . My Harvard undergraduate experience , as well as my current Sarah Lawrence experience , tells me that admissions officers are a lot smarter than "  Admission " suggests . The admission officers I know find it easy to advocate for the student with great grades or the 220-pound halfback who likes physics or the cellist who has played in the local symphony , but their eureka moment comes in discovering the promising student everyone else has ignored . Still , I take the larger point of "  Admission " -- namely , these days getting into a prestigious college has become a blood sport . As Portia tells herself in the Jean Hanff Korelitz novel on which "  Admission " is based , "  The system as far as she was concerned was not about the applicant at all . It was about the institution . It was about delivering to the trustees , and to a lesser extent the faculty , a United Nations of scholars , an Olympiad of athletes , a conservatory of artists and musicians , a Great Society of strivers . " Colleges want students who will enhance their ratings and their brand , which means many worthy applicants get left behind . At the country 's most selective colleges and universities , only 3 percent of the students come from the bottom of the socioeconomic ladder . Even worse , at all too many high schools , it is hard for aspiring students to get help on their college applications . A 2010 Public Agenda study found that across the nation the ratio of high school students to guidance counselors was 460 to 1 . What are good students and their parents supposed to do then ? Here "  Admission " provides no checklist of answers , but its satire on the workings of a fictionalized Princeton  last year the real Princeton took in just 2,095 of the 26,664 who applied  , provides solid , commonsense advice . "  Admission " tells students and their parents that although the Princetons of America offer a great education , those who obsess over gaining admission to them are , in most cases , headed for disappointment . They are letting themselves play a game in which there are certain to be more losers than winners . Equally important , "  Admission " asserts that landing a spot in a prestigious college  Portia is a Dartmouth graduate  does not guarantee a happy post-college life . Indeed , if there is an overriding message in "  Admission , " it is : Do n't lose perspective . The one truly shallow moment in the film comes when the director of Princeton admissions complains to his staff that U.S. News & World Report has lowered Princeton to No. 2 in its rankings . The director is deeply upset by the downgrade . He believes , as all too many parents and their children do in real life , that the quality of an education can be measured like a baseball batting average or the carats in a diamond ring . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	Nicolaus Mills : New film starring Tina Fey exaggerates the plight of college admissions staff He says admissions officers do n't have to go to extraordinary lengths to admit unusual applicant Film properly sends message not to lose perspective over college admissions , Mills says Mills : Landing a spot in a prestigious college does n't guarantee happiness in life
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission announced a voluntary recall of 223,000 popular strollers following the death of an infant eight years ago and the near strangulation of another in 2006 . The heads of the two infants became entangled between the tray and seat . But officials did n't link the cases to a specific brand and model of stroller until recently . The recall involves Venezia and Pliko-P3 strollers made by Peg Perego , USA Inc. . In 2004 , a 6-month-old California boy died after his head was trapped between his stroller 's seat and the tray . In the 2006 incident , a 7-month-old New York girl nearly died from similar circumstances . "  Entrapment and strangulation can occur , especially to infants younger than 12 months of age , when a child is not harnessed , " the CPSC said . "  An infant can pass through the opening between the stroller tray and seat bottom , but his/her head and neck can become entrapped by the tray . Infants who become entrapped at the neck are at risk of strangulation . " Manufactured between January 2004 and September 2007 , in a variety of colors , the strollers were sold nationwide at retail outlets , according to the CPSC . Since the stroller models involved in Tuesday 's recall were manufactured , newer models have been developed that do n't pose the same risks . "  This recall is part of a larger effort by CPSC to address fatalities that occurred prior to new and better stroller standards being in place , " CPSC spokesperson Patty Davis told CNN . In 2008 , a voluntary industry standard went into place addressing the height of the opening between the stroller 's tray and the seat bottom . Because used strollers are a popular item on many auction and aftermarket websites , customers are advised to check the model number used stroller they buy to make sure it is n't part of a recall . A complete list of recalled model numbers can be found on the CPSC website : http://www.cpsc.gov/cpscpub/prerel/prhtml12/12232.html	Recall involves two models made by Peg Perego , USA Inc. between 2004 and 2007 In 2004 , a California infant died after becoming entangled between the seat and tray A 7-month-old in New York nearly died from similar circumstances Newer models have been developed that do n't pose the same risks
CNN  -- As harrowing images from the Philippines grieve the world , notice something that is n't happening : we are not hearing much debate about the connection between tropical cyclones and global climate change . In 2007 , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released a report warning that rising temperatures would lead to more frequent and violent storms . Last year , the panel tempered that conclusion . While warmer water makes cyclones more likely -- and while a higher sea level makes these tropical storms more dangerous -- changes in wind patterns might counteract those dangers . For Americans in particular , 2013 has proved the calmest hurricane season since 2002 . Yet hurricanes are only one example of an extreme weather event . In January 2013 , The New York Times surveyed shocks around the world : "  China is enduring its coldest winter in nearly 30 years . Brazil is in the grip of a dreadful heat spell . Eastern Russia is so freezing -- minus 50 degrees Fahrenheit , and counting -- that the traffic lights recently stopped working in the city of Yakutsk . " "  Bush fires are raging across Australia , fueled by a record-shattering heat wave . Pakistan was inundated by unexpected flooding in September . A vicious storm bringing rain , snow and floods just struck the Middle East . And in the United States , scientists confirmed this week what people could have figured out simply by going outside : last year was the hottest since records began . " When we talk about climate change , we are talking about two issues that are too often treated as one : Is climate change occurring ? If so , is it changing because of human activity ? The strong passions aroused by question 2 - and the huge economic interests at stake - can lead people to prejudge question 1 . And within question 1 are two further subquestions : How harmful is climate change ? How rapidly is the change coming ? Greenhouse gases near record 39.6 million tons in 2013 Some wisdom on these questions may be found in an important new work of history , "  Global Crisis . " It 's Geoffrey Parker 's examination of the last great climate shock experienced by human beings : the Little Ice Age . After a half millennium of very benign temperatures , the Northern Hemisphere began gradually to cool after about 1550 . Slow cooling plunged into deep freeze in about 1620 . Over the next half-century , the peoples of the Northern Hemisphere suffered climate catastrophe after climate catastrophe : • Over the winter of 1620-21 , the Bosporus dividing Europe from Asia  in modern-day Turkey  froze for the one and only time in recorded history . • The summer of 1627 was the wettest recorded in Europe for 500 years , followed in 1628 by one of the coldest summers recorded . • In 1641 , the Great Canal that connected Beijing -- the planet 's greatest city -- to its food supply in southern China dried up for lack of rain , again for the only time in recorded history . China suffered repeated crop failures through the 1640s because of patterns of drought and excessive rain . • 1641 saw the third-coldest summer recorded in the Northern Hemisphere ; 1642 , the 28th coldest ; 1643 , the 10th coldest . Crops failed across the British Isles and central Europe three harvests in a row . • The winter of 1649 was the coldest recorded in China . • In 1657 , Massachusetts Bay froze solid , and farther south , people could walk across the ice of the Delaware River . • The next year , 1658 , the Danish Sound froze so hard that a Swedish army and all its artillery could march over what is usually ocean water the 20 miles from Jutland to Copenhagen . • Poland recorded 109 days of frost in 1666-67 , compared to an average of 63 days in recent years . • England 's Thames River froze so hard that thousands of people could use it as a walkway for six weeks during the winter of 1683-84 . These extreme events are just a few of the hundreds of individual examples cited in Parker 's deeply learned history of the period . "  Global Crisis " was published this spring by Yale University Press . Parker is best known as a military historian specializing in the Thirty Years War , the conflict that ripped apart Germany between 1618 and 1648 , killing maybe one-third of the population by violence , hunger and disease . Climate change : Why nations , not global talks , are leading the fight Now in a hugely ambitious , late-career work spanning the entire globe , he synthesizes the horrifying violence that erupted across Eurasia during the coldest and hungriest years of the Little Ice Age : the overthrow of China 's Ming Dynasty and conquest of the world 's most populous country by invaders from Manchuria ; civil wars in Iran and northern India ; the collapse of Ottoman power ; pogroms against the Jews of Ukraine , the worst mass killing of Jews between the Crusades and the Holocaust ; New England 's merciless war upon the Pequot Indians ; the destruction of Poland , till then Europe 's largest state ; the Fronde rebellion in France ; the English civil war ; Oliver Cromwell 's rampage through Ireland ; the successful Portuguese and doomed Catalonian rebellion against the Spanish Empire -- all of it accompanied by pestilence and famines , culminating in the last great bubonic plague epidemic in European history in the 1660s . Europe enjoyed only three years of complete peace between 1600 and 1700 . Historians are familiar with the statistic that one-third of Germans died during the Thirty Years War . Parker suggests that this figure could be extended across almost the whole landmass from Lisbon to the Pacific , with China suffering most and worst . The Little Ice Age was obviously not man-made . The sun emitted a little less energy in the 17th century than we are used to , and more volcanoes erupted than usual . For tens of millions of human beings , the consequences of these unexpected events was miserable and fatal : death by violence , death by disease , death by hunger . Parker hammers home the lesson again and again : What matters most about climate change is not how it is caused , but how fast it takes place . Our contemporary debates over climate all seem to take for granted that change will unfold gradually over the next century , granting us all plenty of warning and time to react . In the 17th century , the catastrophe arrived astonishingly fast -- in one human lifetime -- and human beings adapted by dying in droves . There is in Parker 's telling only one exception to the unhappy story : the Japan of the shoguns , where effective leaders found ways to manage and mitigate disasters they could not understand . If preparedness for the worst was possible for some human beings in those prescientific days , surely it is possible for more of us in our advanced age ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : When we discuss climate change we act as if we have decades to prepare He says climate can change astonishingly fast , as it did in global cooling of 17th century The results were devastating , as millions died in famines and war , he writes Frum : "  Global Crisis " chronicles tremendous human suffering as result of climate
CNN  Kurt Busch , the 2004 NASCAR top series champion , has been suspended indefinitely from NASCAR events , the auto racing circuit said Friday . The suspension comes after a court determined Busch committed an act of domestic violence against his former girlfriend , Patricia Driscoll , NASCAR officials told CNN . "  Given the serious nature of the findings and conclusions made by the Commissioner of the Family Court of the State of Delaware , NASCAR has indefinitely suspended driver Kurt Busch , effective immediately , " NASCAR said in a news release . Busch 's attorney , Rusty Hardin , said in a written statement that his client will immediately appeal NASCAR 's decision . "  We assure everyone , including NASCAR , that this action against Mr. Busch will turn out to be a travesty of justice , apparent to all , as this story continues to unfold , " Hardin said . NASCAR will expedite any appeal , NASCAR Executive Vice President Steve O'Donnell told reporters . "  NASCAR has made it very clear to our entire membership ... that any actions of abuse will not be tolerated , " O'Donnell said . The racing season officially begins Sunday with the Daytona 500 . Busch could still race if his suspension is overturned in the appeals process . Busch was accused by Driscoll of grabbing her by the throat and slamming her head into a wall three times while they were in Busch 's motor home at Dover International Speedway in October . The judge in the civil case found her story to be true , ESPN reported . Hardin 's statement said Driscoll had lied during her testimony and she had tried to intimidate witnesses . In 2004 , Busch captured the Cup series title , winning NASCAR 's first postseason 10-race tournament . CNN 's Quand Thomas contributed to this report .	Kurt Busch 's attorney says court made the wrong decision and former girlfriend lied in court The 2004 champ had been accused of domestic violence against Patricia Driscoll NASCAR says court 's finding led to indefinite suspension
EW.com  -- Bravo will air a special that addresses the suicide of Russell Armstrong , sources tell EW . The network has shot a special that included several cast members of "  The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills " -- Lisa Vanderpump , Camille Grammer , Kyle and Kim Richards , and Adrienne Maloof . Taylor Armstrong apparently was not included in the filming . The special has yet to be formally announced by the network , and its unclear when the special will air . The second season premiere of "  Beverly Hills " is still on track for September 5 , with the show re-edited in wake of Armstrong 's death . See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sources say Bravo will air a special that addresses the suicide of Russell Armstrong The special includes Vanderpump , Grammer , Maloof and Kyle and Kim Richards The second season premiere of "  Beverly Hills " is still on track for September 5
Health.com  -- More than 100 million people are expected to tune in to Super Bowl XLV this weekend , but only some of them are football fans . Thanks to pregame hype and Hollywood-quality production values , Super Bowl commercials have become the main attraction for many viewers . But are these blockbuster ads bad for our waistlines ? Food and beverage companies are expected to account for roughly one-third of the ads that will air during Sunday 's game , according to Advertising Age .  Car companies will take up another one-third or so , with the remainder split among websites , film studios , and retail chains .  Viewers and partygoers -- including millions of children -- can expect to see ads from Doritos , Coca-Cola , Pepsi , Snickers , and Budweiser . Health.com : 25 diet-busting foods you should never eat In other words , a high proportion of ads are pitching soda , snacks , and other junk foods loaded with calories , sugar , sodium , and fat . "  Studies show -LSB- that -RSB- if you see an ad for a product and try it for the first time , you like it more than if you did n't see the ad , " says Jennifer Harris , Ph.D. , the director of marketing initiatives at Yale University 's Rudd Center for Food Policy & Obesity , in New Haven . "  It really is shaping our preferences as well as triggering us to eat more . " Yes , advertising works Humor , suspense , and sexy people digging into supersize bags of Doritos have become a staple of Super Bowl commercials . It 's the oldest trick in the book : Make a product or brand attractive and appealing by surrounding it with attractive and appealing stuff . It 's tempting to believe that this strategy wo n't work on you . In the real world , nearly everyone recognizes that people who consume a lot of soda , junk food , and beer are often overweight and unhealthy -- not exactly what 's depicted on-screen . And yet we give in to the ploy . Health.com : 11 healthy Super Bowl snacks "  We know the effects of excessive snacks are quite adverse to people 's health . If you drink a lot of beer , you are n't going to get all the attractive women , " says Frederick J. Zimmerman , Ph.D. , an economist and professor of health services at the UCLA School of Public Health . "  That may seem obvious , but those images work on us on a subconscious level . " Zimmerman believes the true culprit behind the obesity epidemic is n't high-fructose corn syrup , sodium , or saturated fat , per se , but rather the ubiquitous marketing that makes foods containing those ingredients appealing to Americans . In his research on the health effects of television on children  and more recently adults  , Zimmerman found that the number of commercials people see is more closely linked to the risk of being overweight or obese than the total time they spend watching TV . Health.com : How junk foods are marketed to kids And the subconscious impact of Super Bowl ads might be even greater than that of everyday commercials , because the ads are part of the entertainment , Harris says . "  If you see a commercial trying to give you information , you know exactly what it 's doing , " she says . "  But if you 're just being entertained , you 're not looking at it in that same way , which is probably what makes it more effective . " The power of advertising has largely had a negative effect on our health , but in theory that power could be harnessed for good , says Jonathan H. Whiteson , M.D. , who has seen the fallout from the obesity epidemic firsthand as the director of cardiac and pulmonary rehabilitation at New York University 's Langone Medical Center . "  We 're led to the watering hole -- or really to the burger and the beer , " Whiteson says . "  If fruit companies and tap water companies were advertising , we 'd be going in that direction instead . " Can commercials make you hungry ? Research suggests that TV commercials can prompt you to eat . Advertising triggers an "  automatic eating response " that can make you eat more of "  basically any food that 's in front of you , " Harris says . Health.com : How the pros curb food cravings http://www.health.com/health/gallery/0,,20394811,00.html This effect was demonstrated during an experiment that Harris and her colleagues at the Rudd Center conducted in 2009 . The researchers randomly divided 98 young adults into three groups and showed each group an episode of the TV show Whose Line Is It Anyway ? The participants were told that the study was about the effect of TV on mood . The episodes the groups watched were identical -- except for the commercial breaks . One version contained ads for junk foods  such as candy , soda , and fast food  that emphasized "  fun and excitement , " another version had ads for nutritious foods  such as oatmeal and OJ  , and a third version contained no food advertising at all .  All three versions had some nonfood commercials as well . After watching the show , the study participants were moved to another room , where they were told that they could eat as much as they wanted from an array of snack foods , ranging from healthy  vegetables and dip  to not so healthy  cookies  . The participants who saw the unhealthy snack commercials ate the most food -- even if they reported not feeling hungry . The volunteers in experiments like these generally do n't think that advertising can affect their behavior in this way , Harris says . "  Most people believe they have more control over everything than they actually do , " she says . "  Once people know they are influenced , then they 're better able to control behaviors . " Commercials and parties : a dangerous combo ? Super Bowl partygoers probably wo n't have to go far to fulfill their cravings for the soda , chips , and other foods that they see in high definition . There appears to be a certain synergy between Super Bowl ads and the menu at most Super Bowl parties . Health.com : The ultimate TV party A 2001 study in the Journal of Marketing Communications that analyzed the "  likability " of every Super Bowl ad that aired in the 1990s found that viewers consistently ranked ads from "  party-food marketers " -- including Anheuser-Busch , Pepsi , and Frito-Lay -- high on the likability scale . By contrast , ads for "  party-busting products " such as over-the-counter medications were far less popular with viewers . "  Consumers are sending a clear message that certain products interest them more than others during Super Bowl broadcasts , " the authors concluded . "  It is a good strategy to continue to advertise food and beverage products extensively during the Super Bowl because consumption peaks during the game . " Indeed , Americans are said to consume more food on Super Bowl Sunday than on any day of the year except Thanksgiving . According to Whiteson , that 's not such a good thing . "  A little bit of soda is okay , a hot dog is okay , " he says , but he adds that even just one day of excessive drinking or gorging on chips and soda is enough to do real harm .  Some studies suggest that a big meal can even trigger a heart attack . Super Bowl may trigger heart attacks The larger problem , Whiteson says , is that the dynamic on Super Bowl Sunday is n't all that unusual . The relationship between TV commercials and unhealthy eating may be more pronounced on the biggest football day of the year , but it 's simply an exaggerated version of what has become a part of everyday life . "  The foods that are eaten are a reflection of what people are doing throughout the year , not an isolated event , " Whiteson says . Copyright Health Magazine 2010	A high proportion of ads are pitching soda , snacks , and other junk foods There 's a certain synergy between Super Bowl ads and the menu at most parties The relationship between TV commercials and unhealthy eating may be more pronounced
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Indian police swiftly handled a "  security scare " at New Delhi 's major airport early Friday amid heightened concern in the wake of last week 's terror attack in which gunmen killed 179 people in Mumbai . An Indian soldier joins the beefed up security detail at New Delhi airport . New Delhi police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said police responded to reports of gunfire at Indira Gandhi International Airport but found no casualties or damage . Bhagat said there was "  no terror threat . " "  And there 's no cause of panic , " he added . Uday Banerjee , the head of India 's Central Industrial Security Force , told reporters at the airport that something sounding like gunshots was heard , but no one saw anything and no bullet casings were found . Indian authorities stepped up security at the nation 's airports on Thursday after receiving intelligence reports that terrorists might be planning an air attack . At Indira Gandhi , four armed police stood guard at each entrance , and people waiting for arriving passengers were not allowed inside . Watch what triggered the security scare there " "  There have been intelligence inputs about some terrorist activity , and therefore security has been tightened  at airports  , " civil aviation spokesperson Moushmi Chakraborty told CNN . Watch heightened anxiety after the attacks " Police beefed up security at all airports including in the capital New Delhi , Mumbai , Chennai and Bangalore , Chakraborty said . A spokesman for the Indian Navy , Cmdr. Nirad Sinha , also confirmed to CNN that security officials had received warnings about an airborne attack . Watch more on increase in security " The Press Trust of India , a nonprofit newspaper cooperative , said that reports had suggested that terrorists could have sneaked into the country to carry out strikes on the anniversary of the Babri mosque demolition . The mosque -- one of the largest in the Uttar Pradesh state -- was destroyed on December 6 , 1992 , by Hindu nationalists who believe it was built on the site of an existing temple . On Wednesday India 's defense minister met with the chiefs of the army , air force and navy and discussed what the ministry in a news statement called "  possible terror threats from air . " The officials also discussed the country 's coastal security plans and how to tighten security along the military line of control dividing the disputed region of Kashmir between India and Pakistan to "  prevent infiltration of terrorists , " the statement said . India ranks among the countries where terrorism is most common , according to the U.S. State Department . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh and Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	NEW : "  There 's no cause of panic , " says New Delhi police spokesman Security raised at all the nation 's airports amid intelligence on terrorist activity Press Trust of India : Reports suggest possible strike on December 6 India 's top military officials discuss country 's security plans
CNN  -- New HIV infections have fallen worldwide by 17 percent over the past eight years , a testament to prevention efforts , according to a U.N. report released Tuesday . In addition , the number of people living with HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , has increased , and over the last five years , AIDS deaths have declined by 10 percent , thanks to antiretroviral drug therapy and access to lifesaving treatments , said the report by the Joint U.N. Program on HIV/AIDS and World Health Organization . However , not all the news was good as researchers found evidence that some prevention programs miss the mark because they are not tailored for different populations affected by the epidemic . Success was seen particularly in sub-Saharan Africa , where new infections declined about 15 percent , or some 400,000 people , according to the report . However , that area remains the region hardest-hit by the virus , accounting for 67 percent of infections worldwide , the report said . "  The epidemic continues to have an enormous impact on households , communities , businesses , public services and national economies in the region , " it said . In 2008 , for instance , more than 14.1 million children in sub-Saharan Africa were estimated to have lost one or both parents to AIDS . In East Asia , new infections declined by nearly 25 percent , and by 10 percent in South and Southeast Asia , the organizations said . In Eastern Europe , a region that had seen a dramatic increase in new infections among intravenous drug users , "  the epidemic has leveled off considerably , " the report said . In Eastern Europe and Central Asia , an HIV epidemic that once resulted from injected drug use is spreading to the sexual partners of those drug users , according to the report . And in some parts of Asia , heterosexual couples are being affected . The prevalence of HIV continues to increase in those regions because of the new infections , the report said . And in Swaziland in southern Africa , more than two-thirds of adult infections occur in people 25 and older , but few programs are aimed at those adults , the report said . While the decline in new infections is welcome , "  if we do a better job of getting resources and programs to where they will make most impact , quicker progress can be made and more lives saved , " said Michael Sidibe , executive director of UNAIDS in Geneva , Switzerland . There is also an increased evidence of risk among key populations , the report said . For instance , although high prevalence among sex workers has been widely noted , evidence was limited on the prevalence among men engaging in homosexual activity and intravenous drug users . "  In recent years , studies have documented elevated levels of infection in these populations in nearly all regions , " according to the report . "  In all settings and for diverse types of epidemics , it is clear that programs to prevent new infections among these key populations must constitute an important part of national AIDS responses . " Also , the level of resources directed at prevention programs for those key groups is "  typically quite low , even in concentrated epidemics , " according to the report . Another shortage can be seen in the programs that are designed for people living with HIV .	New infections in sub-Saharan Africa 15 percent lower in 2008 , report says That area remains the region hardest-hit by HIV Decline attributed in part to HIV prevention efforts , UNAIDS official says Report : Number living with HIV has increased , and AIDS deaths have declined over five years
CNN  -- Former Honduran President Manuel Zelaya , who was ousted in a coup nearly two years ago , returned to his homeland Saturday . His plane touched down in the capital , Tegucigalpa , in the afternoon . Thousands of supporters cheered his arrival at the airport . While Zelaya has entered Honduras since the military roused him in his pajamas and sent him into exile , Saturday marked the first time he returned without fear of prosecution . Wearing his trademark cowboy hat , Zelaya addressed his supporters , calling on them to pursue peaceful , democratic change . "  The problem of poverty , of corruption ... will not be solved with violence , but through more democracy , greater citizen participation and better transparency , " he told a roaring crowd . Zelaya this month inked an accord with the country 's current president that allowed him to return . Most recently , he has been in exile in the Dominican Republic . The deal , which was brokered by the Colombian and Venezuelan governments , was signed in Cartagena , Colombia , by Zelaya and Honduran President Porfirio Lobo . It allowed Zelaya and his allies to return to Honduras and helps clear the way for the country to rejoin the Organization of American States . Zelaya and his supporters will also be permitted to participate in Honduran politics . "  I hope the reconciliation plan serves to unite the family of Honduras , " Zelaya told CNN en Espanol , from the plane that took him to Honduras . "  I am a peaceful man . I am a Christian and I do not hold a grudge . " He said he does not immediately intend to run for president . Zelaya , who alienated many by his insistence on pursuing constitutional changes that might have allowed him to seek re-election , nonetheless counts with many allies . His supporters in Tegucigalpa prepared banners and posters this week to pass out to those who would gather to welcome him back . Yet many others are not thrilled . Even several of the country 's news networks refused to cover Zelaya 's arrival . Cholusat Sur broadcast images of his return . "  I think that this will create more problems for the country , " university student Daniel Melendez said prior to the former leader 's arrival . "  There is going to be a repeat of what there was before . " Zelaya was overthrown on June 28 , 2009 , and flown into exile . He sneaked back into Honduras in September of that year and got refuge in the Brazilian Embassy , where he remained holed up until Lobo arranged for Zelaya to get safe passage out of the country . Honduras has been excluded from the Organization of American States since the coup , in part because Zelaya had not been allowed to return home without fear of prosecution . He faced corruption charges , which were dropped this month . The de facto government that replaced Zelaya was eventually replaced by the elected government of Lobo . But because the election happened under the rule of the de facto forces , some countries have not recognized the election results . Many countries , including the United States , have recognized the Lobo government , while others , such as Brazil , have not . Zelaya 's return to Honduras is expected to help further reintegrate Honduras into the international community . Journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report for CNN .	NEW : Manuel Zelaya calls on his supporters to pursue peaceful , democratic change NEW : He tells CNN en Espanol he does not intend to run for president right now Zelaya was overthrown in a coup in 2009 The country is divided over his rule and return
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Army Pfc. Bradley Manning , suspected of leaking classified information to the WikiLeaks website , is being moved to the Joint Regional Correctional Facility at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , defense officials said Tuesday . "  At this juncture of the case , given the likely continued period of pre-trial confinement , we have determined that the new pre-trial facility at Fort Leavenworth is the most appropriate one for Private Manning going forward , " Defense Department General Counsel Jeh Johnson told reporters . A defense official initially told CNN Manning was moving to the U.S. Disciplinary Barracks at Fort Leavenworth , but later corrected that information . Manning , 23 , a military intelligence analyst from Oklahoma , was being held in the brig at Quantico Marine Base south of Washington . There had been a push by friends and supporters to have his confinement conditions eased . Supporters said he was confined in a one-man cell with only one hour a day outside of the cell for exercise . Defense officials said at a briefing that an evaluation aimed at determining whether Manning is competent has been completed , and there was no need for him to remain in the Washington area . Among those arrested at a demonstration protesting Manning 's conditions last month were Daniel Ellsberg , who leaked the Pentagon Papers in 1971 to the New York Times and retired U.S. Army Col. Ann Wright who resigned to protest the U.S. invasion of Iraq . Johnson told reporters that the decision to move Manning is not meant as a criticism of the Quantico facility and congratulated the military personnel there for the job they did "  in difficult circumstances . " "  We remain satisfied that Private Manning 's pre-trial confinement at Quantico was in compliance with legal and regulatory standards in all respects , " he said . Manning 's case -- and the details of his detention -- drew attention last month in the aftermath of comments by former State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley and Crowley 's sudden resignation . Amidst reports that Manning had been forced to sleep without clothing and was confined to his cell 23 hours a day , Crowley had criticized how Manning was held at Quantico , calling it "  ridiculous and counterproductive and stupid , " according to news reports . He later stepped down from his post . The Pentagon has maintained that Manning is held in accordance with rules governing all maximum-custody detainees at Quantico , for his protection and the safety of others , and that Manning is on "  POI " status , for "  prevention of injury . " Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , released a statement Tuesday after news of Manning 's pending transfer broke , promising to demand written assurances from Defense Department officials that Manning 's rights will be protected . "  Any move of Pfc. Manning does not change the underlying fact , which has not been disputed by the Department of Defense , that he has been held under conditions which may in fact constitute ` cruel and unusual punishment ' in violation of the 8th amendment , " he wrote . U.S. military officials have told CNN that Manning is the prime suspect in the leak of hundreds of thousands of classified documents that ended up on the WikiLeaks website . He is awaiting a decision on whether he will face a court martial . Last month , the Army notified Manning that he faces 22 more charges in connection with the alleged downloading of secret information from computers in Iraq , bringing to 34 the total charges in the case . The most serious new charge alleges he aided the enemy by making the information public ; that charge is punishable by death . A statement from the Army said the prosecution team "  has notified the defense that the prosecution will not recommend the death penalty , " but technically it is up to the commander overseeing the case to make the final decision .	NEW : The decision is not meant as a criticism of the Quantico facility , an official says The conditions of Bradley Manning 's detention have been controversial He is being moved to the Joint Regional Correctional Facility Officials say a mental-health evaluation has been completed
CNN  -- When I was doing my degree in computer science in Ghana 's Valley View University 10 years ago , there just were seven girls in the class . After four years , only four graduated and out of that number , just two of us have stayed in technical roles . Today , my little sister 's computer science class has at least 30 % females and a smaller drop-off rate . All across Africa , the number of women entering the tech industry is improving thanks to the several nonprofit groups teaching girls how to code and the bigger availability of funds . As a result , more women are training to become tech professionals . Yet , a large number of them are having to leave their jobs after a few years as they ca n't break the glass ceiling in an industry that 's still largely male-dominated . To address this , the Google Developer Group for women was created in Ghana less than two years ago . But soon the organizers came under attack from some men in the wider Google Developer Group community , with comments like "  why do you need a women only group ? " One guy 's email even said , "  leave them alone , maybe they want to create apps about menstrual periods together . " Such attitudes are widespread . I run the Women in Tech group in Ghana and at one of our monthly events one young female computer scientist approached me and said : "  They keep telling me I can not be really good at IT and also be a good wife and a mother . " Straight away , I introduced her to Estelle Akrofi , the Google Country Manager for Ghana , a mother of two and an all-round success ; then I introduced her to Otema Yirenkyi , the country manager of Microsoft Ghana and mother of a beautiful five-year - old . Uphill task The problems that African women in tech face are not very different from the ones female techies in many other parts of the world also come across . Yet , these challenges , coupled with some Africa-specific problems like power shortages and broadband inaccessibility , create an uphill task for women wanting to enter the industry and develop the high-level technical skills required in order to progress . Yet , I know there is progress , and the examples are many -- female tech entrepreneurs like Regina Agyare  Soronko Solutions  , Anne Amuzu  Nandi Mobile  , Rebecca Enonchong  Apps Tech  , and myself are all running their own tech enterprises and succeeding at it . Read this : 5 reasons tech world needs more geek girls Pan-African Women in Tech meet up Up until now , no one had attempted to build a pan-African Women in Tech network that would allow us to compare our challenges , learn from each other and connect across borders to expand our influence . That lack is what motivated myself , Ethel Ella Mbawe from Zambia , Barbara Bingu from Uganda , Sam Beckbessinger from South Africa and Akaliza Keza Gara from Rwanda to organize in early August the first Women in Tech Africa meet up . More than 150 women signed up to the event that was supposed to happen online via Google hangout on August 2 . Yet , bad Internet connection and technical challenges marred the event and made it difficult for the participants to communicate . But while we were trying to fix the technical challenges we noticed something interesting happening on the event 's page : the women had already started introducing themselves and talking to each other . We saw how big the desire was to network and to share knowledge that we quickly decided to move the discussion to Twitter and start a live chat . The need to connect , to learn and to share was greater than any technical challenge . In the end , the Twitter conversation with the hashtag #WtechAfrica had the reach of 74,502 and 195,209 impressions on Twitter connecting female technologists all over Africa ably supported by one of our speakers Enyonam Kumahor . Here are some of the highlights of the discussion . Looking back into history and comparing it to today we know technology is not just a man 's world . It is imperative that African women take advantage of this to provide a sustainable environment that would encourage and promote technology amongst women . So of course we will run the event again , this time with the lessons we learned and maybe strong sponsorships to help us succeed . Read this : 5 reasons tech world needs more geek girls The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ethel Cofie .	The first Women in Tech Africa meet up took place online in August 2 Organizer Ethel Cofie says more African women are entering the tech industry Many of them , however , leave their jobs as industry remains male-dominated
CNN  -- Ask Bruce Springsteen where he gets his ideas , and he 's likely to take you back to a house in Freehold , New Jersey , torn by anger and disappointment . It 's not the popular image the singer often projects . At various points in his career , he 's been the savior of rock 'n' roll , an American hero , a working-class poet and , perhaps above all , the icon of the Church of Bruce  or , if you prefer , "  Bruuuuuuuce "  , with fans hanging on to every utterance , every ticket stub . He 's a guitar god , a multimillionaire , a family man . But Springsteen has n't forgotten . "  The deepest motivation comes out of the house that I grew up in and the circumstances that were set up there , which is mirrored around the United States with the level of unemployment we have right now , " he told European reporters in an intimate discussion about his new album , "  Wrecking Ball . " The conversation -- a rare chat for the often press-shy musician -- was filmed by director and Springsteen archivist Thom Zimny and turned into a short film , interwoven with music and video from "  Wrecking Ball . " Springsteen 's publicists approached CNN about premiering the film after discussions about interviewing Springsteen at the South by Southwest festival in Austin , Texas . This is its American premiere . Diehard Springsteen fans have certainly heard some of these stories . In concert -- marathons that can run three hours or more -- he frequently transitions between songs with monologues about his life . The ones he 's told about his father , Douglas Springsteen , are like closely examined scars . Even at that , the heartfelt way he discusses his childhood in the film may surprise people : He sits on a bare stage with French TV personality Antoine de Caunes in a Paris theater , reporters arrayed in the orchestra seats , answering with measured , thoughtful observations . The relationship between father and son was fraught when Bruce was a teenager . Doug Springsteen , who died in 1998 , held jobs in a rug factory , as a cab driver and as a prison guard . None seemed to last long . At one point the Springsteens were forced to move in with Bruce 's grandparents ; at another , they rented . Doug Springsteen was not a happy man at the time , and his son 's late-night activities , playing in clubs and bars along the Jersey shore , did n't help matters . "  Some nights , -LSB- Doug -RSB- just sat in the kitchen of the South Street house , drinking beer , with all the lights off , " writes Marc Dolan in a new Springsteen biography , "  Bruce Springsteen and the Promise of Rock 'n' Roll . " Bruce has described his teenage self coming home late , hoping to tiptoe past the elder Springsteen . Often he did n't make it , and their conversation would descend into a furious argument , one that only ended when his mother intervened . "  My father struggled to find work . I saw that was deeply painful -LSB- and -RSB- created a crisis of masculinity , " he said in the Paris talk . "  And that results in a house that turns into quite a bit like a minefield . " American reality vs. the American dream Almost 40 years after his first album , 1973 's "  Greetings from Asbury Park , N.J. , " Springsteen remains a source of fascination . "  Born to Run "  1975  made him a star ; "  Born in the U.S.A. "  1984  made him a phenomenon . In the last two decades his albums have ranged from the brooding  "  The Ghost of Tom Joad "  to the loose-limbed  "  The Seeger Sessions "  , with perhaps the best received -- 2002 's "  The Rising " -- meditating on 9/11 . His latest album , the pointedly political "  Wrecking Ball , " debuted at No. 1 on Billboard 's album chart in early March , Springsteen 's 10th chart-topper . He 's also the subject of two 2012 biographies : Dolan 's and a forthcoming volume by Peter Ames Carlin  who has written biographies of Brian Wilson and Paul McCartney  . Review : "  Wrecking Ball " has strong moments Though the new album has generally earned positive reviews , the politics that undergird it -- and Springsteen 's determination to talk about those issues , such as joblessness , corporate greed and governmental responsibility -- have received their share of catcalls . "  He should stick to music rather than interviews in which he offers social commentary , " wrote Peter Wehner in the the conservative journal Commentary , dismissing Springsteen as "  a $ 200 million poor boy from New Jersey . " Wehner has been an official in Republican presidential administrations going back to the Reagan era . It 's not the first time Springsteen has come under fire . He has been considered out of touch , overrated and , especially in our contentious age , a reciter of "  shallow left-wing talking points , " in Wehner 's description . The latter complaints have followed Springsteen at least since 1984 , when he bristled at being invoked by Ronald Reagan in a campaign speech . For Springsteen , "  Wrecking Ball " is of a piece with his other work -- which , as he 's said more than once , describes "  the distance between American reality and the American dream . " "  There is a feeling of patriotism underneath , " he said of "  Wrecking Ball . " "  At the same time it 's a very critical , questioning , often angry sort of patriotism . " A call to attention Anger is the wellspring for plenty of great rock 'n' roll : Chuck Berry 's "  Too Much Monkey Business , " the MC5 's "  Kick Out the Jams , " the Sex Pistols ' "  God Save the Queen " and pretty much every 17-year-old 's decision to turn his amp up to 11 . As Springsteen himself has said , "  You can never go wrong pissed off in rock 'n' roll . " But anger is usually overlooked in the popular image of Bruce Springsteen . He 's often portrayed as a distinctly American bard , passionate and reassuring , celebrating the open road and eulogizing the past , especially if the present consists of boarded-up Main Streets and closed-down factories . But it 's there , in lyrics hissing like hot lead : "  You 're born into this life paying for the sins of somebody else 's past "  "  Adam Raised a Cain "  ; "  I 'm 10 years burning down the road / Nowhere to run ai n't got nowhere to go "  the oft-misunderstood "  Born in the U.S.A. "  ; "  The road of good intentions has gone dry as a bone "  "  We Take Care of Our Own "  . As Springsteen told an audience at SXSW in March , he has taken the message of the Animals ' "  We Got ta Get Out of This Place " seriously , both literally and metaphorically . "  That 's every song I 've ever written , " he said . "  That 's all of them . I 'm not kidding . " It 's no act , said Dolan . But it has become a means to an end : a way to inspire his listeners and call attention to social justice . "  As he 's gotten older , he has come to believe more in the power of bringing people together with that music and sending them out into the world with ideas that need to be acted on , " Dolan said . Doug and Bruce Springsteen became close in later years , but the early memories never left Bruce . "  I think a lot of the anger that surfaced in my music from day one comes out of that particular -LSB- time -RSB- , " he told the European reporters . Springsteen added that some people may not want to hear the anger , or any reminders of real-life anguish . They 'll have their own interpretations . "  You put it out there and people hear it , and then it 's up to them , " he said . But Springsteen will keep pushing forward and asking questions -- about himself , about culture , about America and the world . It 's probably why he is seen in so many different ways . "  It 's funny , " said Dolan . "  When you do readings about Bruce Springsteen , everybody comes up to you and tells you who they think Bruce Springsteen really is . And all of their opinions are different . " There 's nothing Springsteen can do about it except be himself -- anger , compassion , hope and all .	Bruce Springsteen 's "  Wrecking Ball " a sometimes angry look at America today Springsteen knows impact rough times can have on home -- he 's been there Singer generally known as inspiring and upbeat , but he has many sides At bottom of it all is a call to social justice , says biographer
CNN  -- His name is Abdullah X. His slogan : "  Mind of a Scholar , Heart of a Warrior . " But the star of this new animated show is n't a caped crusader battling bad guys in the streets of Gotham -- he 's fighting for the hearts and minds of young Muslims everywhere . "  Abdullah X , " the new Web-only cartoon series , is the tale of a young Muslim man in London who is struggling with his identity and his faith . It is a story that its creator , a former extremist who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity , knows all too well . "  I was struggling with my own identity and sense of belonging when I was growing up -- issues around self-esteem and confidence , and where you fit in with regards to your Britishness or your Muslimness , " Ahmed , as he asked to be called for this story , told CNN . Ahmed said he spent years helping to spread and vocalize "  extreme and harsh " worldviews in Britain . He saw efforts by governments and organizations to understand what was fueling anti-Western extremism as often "  piecemeal and simplistic . " "  Young people -- the most vulnerable groups in society -- were caught between government policy perspectives on how you combat terrorism and extremism , and this wall of shame and denial from within communities . I felt that we needed something that was going to be innovative and engaging . " So he created Abdullah X , the eponymous star of the series and an animated alter-ego that mirrors Ahmed 's own journey from former extremist to someone who now hopes to steer young Muslims away from violence and extreme views . Inspired by the superhero comics of his childhood , Ahmed used his own money to create "  Abdullah X " and post it online , specifically to grab the attention of a generation raised on computer games and social media . The series , which includes episodes such as "  Five Considerations for a Muslim on Syria " and "  Do n't Try and Justify your Anger with Islam , " is intended to be a counterpoint to the flashy , gore-filled videos posted on YouTube by groups like ISIS -- the Islamist militant group that has seized large chunks of Syria and Iraq and rallied hundreds of Western recruits to its cause . In a "  soundbite age , " as he describes it , Ahmed says his goal was to create a robust narrative in order to give viewers pause to reflect -- and to prevent vulnerable minds from succumbing to ISIS ' radical ideology . "  There 's no point sermonizing , there 's no point creating three-hour videos and campaigns -LSB- where -RSB- young people can see -LSB- a -RSB- potential propaganda element of it . If we 're going to tackle extremism effectively , or tackle the narrative , you have to understand that narrative very well and then package that in a way that rivals the extremist material that a lot of young people find online , " Ahmed said . "  Abdullah X is potentially any particular young Muslim from any particular walk of life , in any given time , " Ahmed said . "  His story and the development of his character suggest that he 's built resilience and an element of willpower , and housed that within a kind of critical framework where he 's able to judge sources on their merit rather than just believe what is put in front of him . " Ahmed 's videos , which he posts on YouTube and Facebook , have already had tens of thousands of views -- and there are plans for an app that lets users directly interact with "  Abdullah X. " "  We 're trying to tackle the keyboard warrior mentality . We 're trying to tackle the ` Call of Duty , ' PlayStation mentality and the ` jihobbyist ' mentality -- those people who are allowing their grievances to sometimes put them at risk or in harm without knowing it . " Ahmed says he 'll have achieved the project 's objective "  if we can save one person from going to die in some foreign land , or attempting to do something in his homeland or her homeland . " In the meantime , Ahmed hopes that "  Abdullah X " will keep winning young Muslim viewers over , one YouTube click at a time . CNN 's Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	New animated series "  Abdullah X " aims to steer young Muslim minds away from extremism Cartoon was created by a British former extremist who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity The series is aimed at countering the online propaganda of groups like ISIS ISIS , the group that controls parts of Syria and Iraq , has rallied hundreds of Western recruits to its cause
CNN  -- Former world No. 1 Roger Federer had a simple message for those advocates of revamping tennis by allowing on-court coaches -- he hopes he will have retired if it ever happens . On-court discussion with coaches is currently banned at ATP Tour events , but female players are allowed to call for a coach under certain circumstances . Federer warned against rules changes in tennis following an effortless 7-5 6-1 quarterfinal victory over South Africa 's Kevin Anderson at the Indian Wells Masters -- a win that will see the Swiss star return to the top five of the world rankings . "  If it does happen , it 's hopefully after I 'm done playing , " the 17-time grand slam champion told reporters after the match . "  I really do n't think it 's necessary . I do n't think it 's fair , maybe , because not everybody can afford a coach ... it 's just not right . " Federer 's comments came after a coaching call appeared to not have quite the required effect in one of the day 's two women 's quarterfinals . Italian Flavia Pennetta was one set up against American starlet Sloane Stephens , and leading 5-4 in the second set , when she called for her coach . The Italian proceeded to lose the following three games , and the set , before rallying to take the match 6-4 5-7 6-4 . The rules , introduced in 2009 , allow for discussion at one changeover each set , and in between sets . Federer -- once also a vocal opponent of the Hawkeye ball-tracking review system -- defended the sport as a one-on-one battleground . "  It 's cool to figure it out yourself , " added the 32-year-old . "  You can look over to your coach for comfort and support , but other than that , I think tennis should be one of those unique sports where you do n't get coaching . " In little over an hour under the floodlights , Federer completed his 10th successive victory following his win at the Dubai Open earlier this month . Arriving at the tournament ranked No. 8 , Federer will re-enter the world 's top five next week , a position he occupied for more than a decade , before dropping out in August 2013 . Federer has not dropped a set this tournament and is looking for his fifth Indian Wells title as he heads into a semifinal clash with Alexandr Dolgopolov , who secured a 6-3 6-4 win over Canada 's Milos Raonic . Ukrainian Dolgopolov knocked out world No. 1 Rafael Nadal in the third round and he was in bullish mood ahead of his first semifinal at an ATP World Tour Masters 1000 event . "  I played good for three weeks , " said the world No. 31 . "  I 'm confident enough to come out and play good tennis . Then , who knows ? I beat a lot of good players around here , so I would n't see why not win more matches . " In the women 's draw , Pennetta will meet top-seed Li Na in the semifinals after China 's world No. 2 triumphed in a competitive match against Slovakian Dominika Cibulkova . Na lost her opening service game , and appeared shaky , but eventually rallied to record a 6-3 4-6 6-3 victory in two hours and 36 minutes . Read . Djokovic survives Cilic scare	Roger Federer wins at Indian Wells and hits out against on-court coaching Federer : "  If it does happen , it 's hopefully after I 'm done playing " Italy 's Flavia Pennetta and China 's Li Na set up WTA semifinal America 's Bryan twins in doubles final , where they could meet Federer and Wawrinka
CNN  -- Andy Roddick has told the official ATP Tour website that he is fit and raring to go as he prepares to defend his Brisbane International title next week . The world number eight feels he was never in tip-top shape throughout 2010 , but he now believes he is over the illness and injury problems that prevented him from performing to the best of his ability . "  For me , it 's just a matter of getting healthy . I battled mononucleosis for a big part of 2010 and from there I just felt like I was playing catch-up , " the American told atpworldtour.com . "  I think it 's the first time I 've felt right since last May so when you are fit it takes a lot of the mental pressure off . You feel like you can play anyway you want so I feel fresh , enthused and ready to go . " Roddick , who beat Czech Radek Stepanek in last year 's final , added : "  I came in last year and had n't been playing much so this was a really good springboard into the year for me . "  I like playing in this event and my wife enjoys coming here too , so let us not pretend I make any decisions ! " Roddick 's words were echoed by his physical trainer Lance Hooten , who told the ATP Tour website : "  I have n't seen him this motivated for some time . "  Andy 's always been a grinder , a hard worker , but you have to put reins on him all the time because he 's always going to work too hard , too long and too much , " Hooten added . The Brisbane International tournament begins on Sunday with Roddick seeded second behind world No. 4 Robin Soderling .	Andy Roddick is fit and ready to defend his Brisbane International title The world number eight felt his 2010 season was affected by injury and illness Roddick is seeded second for the tournament behind world number four Robin Soderling
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court voiced deep free speech concerns Tuesday about a law designed to stop the sale and marketing of videos showing dog fights and other acts of animal cruelty . Selling depictions of animal cruelty like this amateur dogfighting video may be illegal under a 1999 statute . The justices heard an hour of lively debate about the scope and intent of the decade-old statute that supporters say has done much to stop the spread of profiting from the torture and abuse of animals . But media groups and the National Rifle Association were among those who say the law is overly broad . "  It 's not up to the government to decide what are people 's worst instincts , " said Justice Antonin Scalia . "  One can contemplate a lot of other areas , where government could say : You are appealing to people 's worst instincts , and , therefore , movies can not be made " showing dramatized depictions of animals being abused , for example . "  What about people who like to see human sacrifices ? " asked Justice Samuel Alito , somewhat sarcastically . "  Suppose that is legally taking place someplace in the world . I mean , people here would probably love to see it . Live , pay-per-view , you know , on the Human Sacrifice Channel . They have a point of view they want to express . That 's okay ? " He seemed to indicate strongly it was not , and that lawmakers would have discretion to block it . The specific case before the court dealt with tapes showing pit bull dogs attacking other animals and one another in staged confrontations . Watch an excerpt of the tapes " A federal appeals court had thrown out the conviction of Robert Stevens , a Pittsville , Virginia , man who sold videos through his "  Dogs of Velvet and Steel " business . According to court records , undercover federal agents found he was advertising his tapes in "  Sporting Dog Journal , " an underground magazine on illegal dogfighting . Among the products Stevens advertised was "  Catch Dogs , " featuring pit bulls chasing wild boars on organized hunts and a "  gruesome depiction of a pit bull attacking the lower jaw of a domestic farm pig , " according to the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania-based appeals court . Stevens was charged in 2004 with violating interstate commerce laws by selling depictions of animal cruelty . He was later sentenced to 37 months in prison , and promptly appealed . He argued his sentence was longer than the 14 months given professional football player Michael Vick , who ran an illegal dogfighting ring . It was the first prosecution in the United States to proceed to trial under the 1999 law . The divided appeals court concluded that when it came to the federal law in question , "  research and empirical evidence in the record before us simply does not support the notion that banning depictions of animal cruelty is a necessary or even particularly effective means of prosecuting underlying acts of animal cruelty . " Nearly every state and local jurisdiction have their own laws banning mistreatment of wild and domesticated animals . Several media organizations have come out in support of Stevens , worrying the federal law was too broad and could implicate reports about deer hunting , and depictions of bull-fighting in Ernest Hemingway novels . A number of justices too had concerns , raising a number of hypotheticals , a possible sign a majority of the court remains uncomfortable with allowing the law to be reinstated . "  Why not do a simpler thing ? " suggested Justice Stephen Breyer . "  Rather than let the public guess as to what these words mean , ask Congress to write a statute that actually aims at those frightful things that it was trying to prohibit . Now , that can be done . " "  You have to look at the content to determine whether or not the speech is prohibited , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . "  How can you tell these are n't political videos ? With organizations like PETA -LSB- People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals -RSB- and others , depictions of the same sort of animal cruelty that is used to generate support for efforts to prohibit it . Why are n't these videos the exact opposite of efforts to legalize it ? " Justice Sonia Sotomayor questioned the distinction between Stevens ' videos and news items . "  Tell me what the difference is between these videos and -LSB- filmmaker -RSB- David Roma 's documentary on pit bulls ? I mean , David Roma 's documentary had much , much more footage on the actual animal cruelty than the films at issue here , greater sections of the film , and more explicit , " she said . Roma 's 2006 independent film "  Off the Chain " consisted of a great deal of hidden camera footage . Among the wide-ranging hypotheticals raised by the justices over what the law could forbid included : fox hunts , pate de foie gras from geese , cock fighting , bullfighting , shooting deer out of season , even Roman gladiator battles . Neal Katyal , an attorney for the Justice Department , said the law was "  narrowly targeted " and had exceptions specifically for "  religious , political , scientific , educational , journalistic , historical , or artistic value . " "  This statute has nothing to do with the offense of the message . It has to do with trying to dry up an underlying market for animal cruelty , " said Katyal . Justice Samuel Alito appeared most supportive of the government 's views . He asked about selling of so-called "  crush " videos , in which women -- with their faces unseen -- are shown stomping helpless animals such as rabbits to death with spiked-heel shoes or with their bare feet . "  The people who produce ` crush ' videos think they have a message , and the message is that this is sexually exciting , " he said , clearly uncomfortable with the subject matter . When Stevens ' lawyer Patricia Millett launched into a caveat-laden answer , Alito broke in . "  You are not even willing to say that this could be prohibited ? " he asked . "  Because we are trying to determine whether this is overly broad . And this is the category of activity that Congress particularly targeted . " Congressional supporters said a principal motivation for passing the law was to stop the growing popularity of "  crush " videos . The Humane Society said the market for such videos stopped almost completely after the law was passed . Millett said "  Congress has a job to write with a scalpel and not a buzz saw in the First Amendment area . " She noted that if the law is upheld , it would only be the second time the Supreme Court has identified a form of speech undeserving of protection by the First Amendment . The justices in 1982 banned the distribution of child pornography . "  The problem in this case , was that Congress chose to attack speech and to control what the people of this country could see and hear before it was even seriously punishing the conduct at issue and that gets our Constitution upside down , " Millett told reporters later . The government had argued a "  compelling interest " in stopping people who would profit from dog attack tapes and similar depictions . The case is U.S. vs. Stevens  08-769  and a ruling is expected in several months .	The justices heard an hour of debate about scope and intent of decade-old statute Statute supporters say it helps stop profiting from the torture and abuse of animals Media groups , National Rifle Association say the law is overly broad Case is first prosecution in the United States to go to trial under the 1999 law
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Lori Berenson , a U.S. citizen jailed in Peru since 1995 for helping leftist rebels , has been granted conditional release , a judge announced . Berenson has served nearly 15 years of a 20-year sentence for aiding Peruvian rebels in a 1995 plot to overthrow Peru 's Congress . Judge Jessica Leon Yarango made the announcement Tuesday in a televised court hearing after Berenson 's lawyer , Anibal Apari Sanchez , made the request . Apari , a Lima lawyer and candidate for mayor of a Lima suburb called Villa El Salvador , is also Berenson 's husband from whom she is separated , according to her parents . Berenson , 40 , who last year gave birth in prison to their son , Salvador , has long maintained her innocence . Her original sentence of life in prison was reduced to 20 years on appeal . The news of her release was welcomed by her parents in New York . "  My wife Rhoda and I were ecstatic , " Mark Berenson told CNNI . "  We were waiting for this day for 14-1/2 years . " "  We are thrilled that it 's been determined that she 's earned her conditional liberty and that she and her baby , Salvador , will be able to take their first steps in freedom soon . " He said his daughter applied for the conditional liberty , which he referred to as parole , in September . "  The process took many months because they had to check on her work records and conduct records in all the prisons that she 's been in since 1995 . " He said she had been working seven days a week co-managing a prison bakery for more than five years in order to shave time from her sentence . On the Web site freelori.org , the Berensons said their daughter and her son will be leaving prison "  in a few days " and plan to move to an apartment in Lima , because parole requires they remain in the city in which they were incarcerated . "  We do not know if there are exceptions for foreigners or whether Lori will be permitted to travel to the U.S. while on parole , " they wrote . "  Lori will be a single mom -- Anibal and Lori are legally separated but remain friends and both share concerns for Salvador 's proper upbringing , " they wrote . "  Salvador , now an active 1-year-old boy , will certainly enjoy the opportunity to run around outside the confines of the prison . He is learning both English and Spanish but babbles continuously in ` unknown tongue . ' He is a very happy child and loves to be with people . " Journalist Maria Elena Belaunde contributed to this story .	NEW : Berenson shares one-year-old boy with her lawyer Berenson has served nearly 15 years of 20-year sentence She was convicted of aiding rebels in 1995 plot to overthrow Peru 's Congress She applied for conditional liberty in September , father says
CNN  -- Next Monday , Google is officially shutting down its popular RSS feed reader , Google Reader . The service 's demise after nearly eight years has come as a shock to many who depend on it to collect news into one place from all the websites they love . Its end has created something of a gold rush among startups and other tech companies vying to take the tool 's place . Instead of just finding the closest thing to Reader , maybe it 's time to change how you consume all that news . Looking at every single article for a source can be time-consuming , especially if you follow a huge number of sites , and a lot has changed since 2005 . But before trying anything , take a minute to download all your information from Google Reader now . Google Takeout bundles up your feeds , folders , followers and other data into a zip file that you can use later with other services .  Many of the tools we mention will import data automatically from Google if you sign up before Reader closes . Feedly adds Web version in new bid for Reader users The replacements Change is n't for everyone , and for people who rely on a comprehensive approach to seeing the day 's news , finding the next best Reader imitator might be the best interim approach . There is already an overwhelming number of replacements that deliver straight RSS feeds . The best bets are Feedly , The Old Reader , NewsBlur , Aol Reader and NetVibes . Some new tools were rushed on to beat the July 1 demise of Google Reader and are bound to undergo more changes and improvements -- some are still being created such as Betaworks ' Digg Reader . However , the weak links could also end up abandoned in time , and you 'll have to search for a home for your carefully organized RSS feeds again . Think about what 's most important to you . Are you primarily checking from a mobile device or from a regular Web browser , and do you need something that will sync across devices  some are only available as apps , others in browsers  ? Is sharing stories important , or is reading the news a solitary activity ? How important are images , cost , search features or the absence of ads ? Social suggestions Twitter is a killer news source . Major news surfaces naturally on the social network ; a chorus of links or commentary about important stories will likely make its way into anyone 's feed , whether they 're following news junkies or just friends . The Discover tab shows popular links from your feed as well , but it 's more effective to edit down whom you follow carefully or create custom lists for your various interests . You can follow your favorite news organizations or drill down by finding their Twitter accounts for specific sections or topics . If you like specific writers , follow them for their work as well as context on regular news or links to other writers they enjoy . Hashtags can be great for following news about a specific event or topic . Facebook is a different creature when it comes to news . It is decent for finding recommended links , but the posts and banter are more personal , happy and less about the outside world . People sometimes avoid posting links or talking about major news stories that might lead to uncomfortable clashes with friends and family .  Clashes and the resulting conversations are among the best parts of Twitter and flesh out the big news stories . Fight of the aggregator The RSS fire hose of news can be overwhelming for many people . A handful of clever tools do more than just show you feeds . They use your interests and some algorithms to figure out what types of articles and topics you will be most interested in and then serve up content that fits with your patterns . Articles are typically grouped by sections , such as sports or the stock market . The tools are big on sharing and use images heavily for a more magazine-like reading experience . Flipboard , Prismatic , Pulse and Zite  which is owned by CNN  are all popular options . Come back for the longer reads RSS readers are great because you can scan headlines and the first few sentences of articles and get the gist without having to read them , only going further if it 's a topic about which you want to know more . The meatier content  feature stories , long and winding narratives , the New Yorker  deserves more than a glance , but deep reads are different from the quick scan . Save the things you want to dig into later , even offline , with tools such as Instapaper , Pocket or Readability . Apple 's Safari browser also offers a Read Later button . The direct route Typing a news site 's URL directly into a browser seems so passÃ © . But when you just need a quick hit , going straight to a trusted local , national or international news organization might satisfy . Many organizations have their own stand-alone mobile apps on Android , iOS and Windows Phone devices . One advantage of these apps is that you can set up push notifications so you know as soon as something important happens . There is also Google News , which looks at all the news sources and arranges the breaking stories by popularity , highlighting the in-depth , opinion and featured stories on the topic . A neat visual take on Google News is Newsmap.jp , which Marcos Weskamp created before moving to Flipboard to work as a designer . No news is good news The true minimalists can avoid the noise by checking one or two outlets once a day , trusting that the major stories will be featured prominently . News.me sucks in your Twitter and Facebook feeds and turns them into digestible daily e-mails that summarize the most talked about stories of the day . If you really want to check out , read the Harper 's Weekly Review post , which is also available as a newsletter . Every Tuesday , it quickly and amusingly runs down the major stories that happened in the past seven days , with links in case you are intrigued and want to find out more . Mix and match There is no one-fits-all solution for how to consume news , and many people hack together their own custom systems from various sources . For example , some go directly to their bookmarked must-read sites in the morning , keep up on current news with Twitter during the day and soak in longer articles on commutes with tools such as Instapaper . Some multitaskers keep TV or radio news humming in the background while they go about their daily activities . Google Reader was a great tool that will be missed , but its death is an opportunity to try new things and play with different apps , sites and tools for reading news online . Share your news-reading habits and suggestions in the comments .	The Google Reader is closing next week , and it 's time to find a replacement RSS tool There are imitation readers , shortcuts for later reading and smart aggregation apps With some curating , Twitter can be a powerful news source
CNN  -- The Syrian Electronic Army , a group of pro-Syrian regime hackers that has aggressively targeted major news organizations and activists , has claimed credit for a 20-hour-long outage of the New York Times website . Several Twitter users posted screenshots of a "  Hacked by SEA " message they said they received when they went to the New York Times homepage Tuesday . It 's not the first such action by the group ; in recent months , it claims to have hacked major UK and U.S. news organizations , as well as Columbia University and rights group Human Rights Watch . CNN.com has been the target of similar attacks . After the latest apparent hack , fresh questions are being asked about what the Syrian Electronic Army is , where it 's from and how it operates . But , says Helmi Noman , a senior researcher at the Citizen Lab , Munk School of Global Affairs at the University of Toronto , much about the group remains unknown . He has been tracking the Syrian Electronic Army since May 2011 , when it emerged as an organized group with a Facebook page and then its own website . In its own words , on that website , the Syrian Electronic Army says , "  We are a group of enthusiastic Syrian youths who could not stay passive towards the massive distortion of facts about the recent uprising in Syria . " The group appears to have made it its mission to embarrass media organizations in the United States and European nations it perceives as hostile to the government of President Bashar al-Assad . According to Noman , the claimed attack on the New York Times takes the group 's operations to a new level . "  Previous ones were just defacing websites , which was a kind of political graffiti , if you like , " he said . But to take control of the domain name means that the group could redirect traffic , giving it the potential to expose people to malicious websites or code , he said , and represents a "  serious escalation . " The attack came as governments in several countries considered military action in light of reports that al-Assad has used chemical weapons against his own people in an effort to quell an uprising calling for his ouster . Right after the attack , the Syrian Electronic Army posted a comment , since deleted but logged by Noman , on its Facebook page . "  They said they are determined to escalate attacks on websites belonging to the United States , European countries and all the countries preparing a possible military action against Syria , " Noman said . This suggests that the group will try to carry out more serious attacks , he said , adding that "  it 's time that the Syrian Electronic Army be taken seriously . " ` Tacit support ' from Syria One key question revolves around how close the group is to the al-Assad government , which has now been involved in a bloody civil war for more than two years . On that subject , all the signs are of "  tacit support , " Noman said . No evidence has emerged to support the idea that the group is a government operation , he said , but "  they are close enough to the Syrian regime to be able to operate freely in a country with a regime that is known for its restrictive legal and technical measures . " Al-Assad has previously backed the Syrian Electronic Army by name and "  expressed his appreciation for their work and described them as a real army on the Internet , " Noman said . The group 's domain name was registered by the Syrian Computer Society , which was headed by al-Assad in the 1990s , before he was president , he added . The Syrian Electronic Army was even hosted on the network of the Syrian government until June , when the domain name was suddenly suspended . The group was without a website for a short time before reappearing on a commercial Russian service , Noman said . The domain name 's suspension occurred a few days after the U.S. government seized several key Syrian government sites , Noman said , leading researchers to believe that the move was intended to create some distance between the hacker group and the Syrian government . While there 's no evidence linking the Syrian Electronic Army to the Russian authorities , Moscow is seen as friendly to the al-Assad regime , making it unlikely that the Russian company will be asked to stop hosting it . Mystery members Who the individual members of the Syrian Electronic Army are and where they 're from is also shrouded in mystery . They claim to be mostly Syrians in Syria , but the group also recruits members through Facebook , Twitter and its website , Noman said . A core appears to coordinate attacks , but the group solicits suggestions for targets through an open forum . It also appears robust , bouncing back despite the efforts of U.S. authorities and Twitter to suspend its activities and developing its methods over time . Early attacks focused on apparently irrelevant websites , but later efforts shifted toward compromising first the Facebook pages of organizations seen as hostile to the Syrian government and then high-profile Twitter accounts and the New York Times website . In the early days , it used DDOS , or distributed denial of service , attacks , but its methods then grew more sophisticated . And it may operate in cyberspace , but its attacks can have real-life impact , as was shown when the group hacked the Associated Press Twitter feed in April . It sent out a tweet reading , "  Breaking : Two Explosions in the White House and Barack Obama is injured , " causing a brief flurry of panic and temporarily sending stocks plummeting . Noman predicts that the group will continue to look for soft spots to exploit in the wake of the attack on the New York Times . "  It 's not just what they want to do or could do ; it 's what are the available vulnerabilities out there , " he said . The hackers will probably continue to target the websites of U.S. and European media organizations , as well as some Arab sites , especially if international military intervention does occur in Syria , he said . They could carry out more DDOS attacks and may seek to use malicious software to steal private information from Syrian dissidents , he said . As well as wanting to stay one step ahead of the CIA , competition is a factor in spurring them on . In recent weeks , some anti-Assad groups have emerged , one calling itself the al-Nusra Electronic Army , in a reference to one of the key rebel groups involved in the fight against al-Assad 's forces . A sectarian divide has also emerged , with some Shiite groups defacing Sunni groups ' websites and vice versa , Noman said . Against this backdrop , the Syrian Electronic Army is not likely to quit cyberspace any time soon , and the New York Times may not be the last to fall victim to its efforts . "  It 's up to the media to beef up their security so they can not carry out these kinds of attacks , " Noman warned AP hack proves Twitter has a serious cybersecurity problem FIFA chief Blatter 's Twitter account hacked CNN 's Dominique Van Heerden contributed to this report .	The Syrian Electronic Army has claimed an attack on the New York Times website The attack is a "  serious escalation " in the group 's operations , says a researcher It 's targeting U.S. and European media perceived as hostile to Syria 's government , he says An attack on the AP Twitter feed caused a flurry of panic and sent stocks plunging
Los Angeles  CNN  -- It 's official : Ashton Kutcher is filling the gap left by Charlie Sheen on "  Two and a Half Men . " "  I ca n't wait to get to work with this ridiculously talented 2.5 team and I believe we can fill the stage with laughter that will echo in viewers ' homes , " Kutcher said Friday in a statement released by CBS and Warner Bros. . Television . "  I ca n't replace Charlie Sheen but I 'm going to work my ass off to entertain the hell out of people ! " Kutcher , who gained his early fame on a TV sitcom , "  That 70s Show , " has more recently been seen on the big screen . His last film was "  No Strings Attached , " which hit theaters in January . He 's also made his mark as a TV executive producer , most notably for MTV 's hidden-camera show "  Punk 'd . " "  Ashton is a pop culture triple threat -- film star , cutting-edge producer and a social media pioneer , " said Nina Tassler , the head of CBS Entertainment . "  He brings creativity , energy and personality to everything he touches . We are thrilled to have him . " CBS and Warner Bros. did not disclose how much Kutcher will earn . Sheen , who is embroiled in a lawsuit over his sudden dismissal from the show in March , was earning a reported $ 2 million for each episode . Sheen responded to the news by praising Kutcher while taking a shot at the show 's executive producer , Chuck Lorre . "  Ashton Kutcher is a sweetheart and a brilliant comedic performer . Oh wait , so am I !! , " Sheen said in a written statement . "  Enjoy the show America . Enjoy seeing 2.0 in the demo every Monday , WB . Enjoy planet Chuck , Ashton . There is no air , laughter , loyalty , or love there . " Producers had been scrambling in recent weeks to find a replacement for Sheen to keep one of TV 's highest-rated sitcoms on the air for another year . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Sheen takes a shot at the executive producer of the show Ashton Kutcher will replace Charlie Sheen on "  Two and a Half Men " Sheen is involved in a lawsuit over his dismissal from the hit show Kutcher first gained fame on the TV sitcom "  That 70s Show "
If the first thing you 've ever heard about black Jews in Israel came out of the mouth -- allegedly , still , for now -- of L.A. Clippers owner Donald Sterling , I 'm sorry to hear that . The reported rambling of an octogenarian billionaire in what sounds like a bedroom fight with his 30-something mistress probably is n't the best source for dissecting geopolitical religiosity . "  You go to Israel , the blacks are just treated like dogs , " the Guy Who Sounds Like Sterling said on the recording leaked by Somebody Perhaps His Mistress . Here 's the full exchange : The Guy : "  It 's the world ! You go to Israel , the blacks are just treated like dogs . "  The Mistress : "  So do you have to treat them like that , too ? "  Guy : "  The white Jews , there 's white Jews and black Jews . Do you understand ? "  Mistress : "  And are the black Jews less than the white Jews ? "  Guy : "  A hundred percent , fifty , a hundred percent . " On the surface , Sterling might have a point -- even if no one can make any sense of where he was going with it -- that dark-skinned Jews have experienced adversity in the Jewish state . But to say " dogs " is n't quite kosher . Israel touts with pride successes like Operation Solomon , its airlift of Ethiopian Jews in 1991 -- where in one push , more than 14,000 were transported to Israel over 36 hours -- to escape persecution in a homeland where the religion has been practiced since Biblical times . There 's no question that life , especially the fact that they are alive , is better in the Promised Land . Yet it has n't been overflowing with milk and honey . Ethiopian Jews are among the poorest Israelis , with 72 % living below the poverty line and unemployment affecting as many as six in 10 Ethiopian men and three-quarters of women , according to the Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Boston . Consider also that many came from villages without electricity or running water , and that 70 % were functionally illiterate in their native Amharic and never learned to read or write Hebrew . It 's obvious they 'd have trouble integrating into an industrialized society . Frustrations boiled over two years ago in the city of Kiryat Malachi , when thousands demonstrated against discriminatory practices , including apartment owners who refused to rent to Ethiopian Israelis . That 's bad . But dogs ? "  That 's insane . That 's disgusting , " said Avishai Mekonen , an Ethiopian Israeli filmmaker living in New York . "  Basically , this man is stupid . He does n't know any history of African people , " said Mekonen , who in his film "  400 Miles to Freedom " documented his own harrowing escape from Ethiopia as a child , getting separated from his family and nearly dying in the desert . The other side of the Ethiopian Jewish story counts successes like members of the Knesset , writers and musicians , and Yityish Aynaw , the current Miss Israel . While acknowledging that assimilation and rejection are real , Mekonen said : "  There 's a lot of change from what happened in the '80s . We had the issue of language and communication and culture . They see us as different , but year-by-year , it 's improved . " That 's because the community is n't just sitting there taking it , he says . "  They do n't give up . They 're doing something . We have a voice . " If it 's necessary to prove Sterling wrong  requisite disclaimer again : assuming it 's him  , Mekonen 's message of empowerment flies in the face of the repeated theme on the tape that the world is racist and there 's nothing you can do about it . "  It is n't a question . We do n't evaluate what 's right and wrong . We live in a society . We live in a culture . We have to live within that culture , " the guy in the recording says to sum up his black Jew narrative -- which , by the way , is n't clear about who he 's referring to . "  Which people is he talking about when he says ` black Jews ? ' " asked Mekonen . "  That could be people from North Africa , Asia , India , Israeli Arabs " -- all with very different cultures . Shocking . Ca n't believe that  a guy that sounds like  Sterling would stereotype them . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Robin Washington looks at comments attributed to Sterling that slam black Jews in Israel "  You go to Israel , the blacks are just treated like dogs , " said a voice reported to be Sterling 's Black Jews face adversity , but to compare them to "  dogs " is out of bounds , he says
CNN  -- Photography-wise , you really ca n't go wrong in a national park or a big city . They "  tend to be the best places to photograph , " says Gary Arndt , a blogger and photographer who sold his house in 2007 and has been roaming the globe ever since . The Society of American Travel Writers named him 2014 Photographer of the Year , and he has already visited 25 countries this year . This week , Arndt will surpass mile 11,000 of this summer 's North American odyssey . Arndt has picked more than 20 of the most photogenic spots he 's visited to highlight on Pinterest . A selection is featured in the gallery above . Visually rich and undeniably gorgeous , these American destinations are ripe for photographers of all skill levels . "  If you go to the Grand Canyon , it 's pretty hard to screw up , " Arndt said . Here are three tips from Arndt to get you started : -- You do n't have to be in the photo . "  Everybody wants to have a picture of themself in front of something , no matter what that something is . " The majority of the most interesting travel shots are not the proof-of-visit variety . -- Avoid shooting in the middle of the day . "  You want to try to take your photos within say , two hours of sunrise or sunset , " Arndt said . There are exceptions to every rule , but these hours tend to yield the best shots in most situations . -- A little familiarity with your camera goes a long way . You do n't need to master every setting and the science behind it , but definitely "  experiment a little bit before you go somewhere . " Do n't let technical difficulties get in the way of your chance to capture something truly spectacular . 50 states , 50 spots : Natural wonders	Travel photographer shares his picks for the most photogenic spots in America "  If you go to the Grand Canyon , it 's pretty hard to screw up , " he says Avoid shooting in the middle of the day for the best light , he suggests
CNN  -- The Argentine government continued to sound the alarm Monday about British plans to conduct military exercises on the Falkland Islands . The Argentine ambassador to the United Nations , Jorge Arguello , said Argentina plans to alert U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to the British military exercises , which Argentine President Cristina Kirchner has condemned as "  grave , very grave . " The ambassador said the Argentine mission also planned to ask Ban for U.N. help in negotiations between Argentina and the United Kingdom . The British Foreign Office , meanwhile , downplayed the exercises . "  These are routine military tests that have taken place every six months for the past 28 years , most recently in April this year , " an office spokesman said . "  Shipping alerts are always issued in advance and the tests take place entirely within Falklands territorial waters . " The disputed Falkland Islands , known as the Malvinas in Argentina , lie off the South American country 's coast in the South Atlantic . The islands have been under British rule since 1833 . Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982 , prompting a war in which more than 600 Argentinean and 255 British military personnel died . Britain retained control of the islands after the war . Kirchner has used her Twitter account to sharply criticize the exercises . She tweeted that she considers it "  grave , very grave " that the Royal Navy plans to go forward with the exercises , referring to the military as "  colonial occupiers of the Malvina Islands . " Britain keeps a military presence on the islands , and the Falkland Islands government -- representing a population of about 2,500 -- says it remains committed to British sovereignty . The British military issued a communique Friday announcing it would be firing missiles from the islands . Kirchner called the exercises "  the militarization of the South Atlantic and the illegitimate and reckless use of the U.N. Security Council 's permanent seat . " On Saturday , the Argentine Foreign Ministry voiced the government 's opposition to the exercises . The ministry said in a statement that the Argentine government expressed "  its most formal and energetic protests against wanting to go ahead with this military exercise and demands that the British government abstains from going through with this . " CNN 's Joe Vaccarello contributed to this report .	President Cristina Kirchner calls plans by UK military "  grave , very grave " The Falklands are a disputed island chain off Argentina 's coast They have been under British rule since 1833
Los Angeles  CNN  It 's more than just one state 's internal problem . The historic California drought hurts the rest of the union , too . That 's because California is a breadbasket to the nation , growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts . Here 's why we should heed the ongoing drought in the most populous state , a slowly expanding natural disaster now in its fourth year that this week prompted Gov. Jerry Brown to announce a mandatory 25 % cutback in water consumption in all cities . In 2014 , one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the California drought . He was often right , according to statistics gathered by Timothy Richards , agribusiness professor at Arizona State University . Prices rose last year for these items on your kitchen table : • Berries rose in price by about 80 cents per clamshell to $ 3.88 • Broccoli by 11 cents per pound to $ 1.89 . • Grapes by 64 cents a pound to $ 3.06 • Melons by 24 cents a pound to $ 1.23 . • Packaged salad by 23 cents a bag to $ 2.91 . • Peppers by 26 cents a pound to $ 2.39 . Though fruits and vegetable prices fell in February , overall prices are expected to rise this year , because of inflation , U.S. Department of Agriculture economist Annemarie Kuhns said . Fresh fruit prices are projected to rise between 2.5 % and 3.5 % , and vegetables between 2 % and 3 % , close to historical average increases , Kuhns said . Whether the California drought will affect food prices again this year is unknown , thanks to a strong dollar . The greenback 's strength allows producers to import crops that may be withering under the absence of West Coast rain or other misfortunes elsewhere in the nation , Kuhns said . Moreover , the drop in oil prices also eases the cost of transporting food from California to the other 49 states , she said . What economists do n't know yet is whether farmers will plant fewer crops because of the drought . Those decisions are now being made in the field and could boost supermarket prices , she said . "  The drought in California does have the potential to impact the price we pay for fresh fruit and fresh vegetables and dairy and fresh eggs we pay at the counter , " Kuhns said . "  We are not sure what the exact impact will be . " The reality is there 's a major drought throughout the West and Southwest . While not as bad as California , Texas and Oklahoma are also seeing extreme and exceptional drought -- the two worst categories -- in several parts of their states , the U.S. Drought Monitor said this week . Overall , the Western drought affects more than 52 million people , the monitor says . As a result , consumers paid a whopping extra 12.1 % for beef and veal in 2014 , the USDA reports . Straining under a drought that began in 2012 , ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma last year saw smaller grazing pastures , paid more for feed , and experienced difficulties accessing water to cool their cattle . So the cattlemen began culling their herds , Kuhns said . This year 's beef and veal prices should rise only by 6 % at most , still higher than the 4.1 % historical average , the feds project . But beef prices offer an object lesson about the drought . "  There 's other areas being affected , " Kuhns said . It 's called the Golden State for the gold rush of yore , but let 's face it : the rest of the nation flocks to California for vacation because of another golden reason . Its year-round sunshine . So the next time you take a holiday in California , you 'll find a few changes around here , thanks to the drought . Like asking for a glass of water at a restaurant . You wo n't find water waiting for you on the table . Eateries now "  can only serve water to customers on request , " the State Water Resources Control Board declared in March under expanded emergency regulations . Tourists can also expect to hear a lot of requests at hotels about whether they want their linens and towels laundered daily . These requests are mandatory under the new regulations . And they 'll see fewer homes running decorative fountains . Because much of the snowpack in the Sierra Nevada has alarmingly disappeared , many ski resorts shut down early this year , including at Lake Tahoe , and some are now building zip lines , mountain bike trails and wedding venues to keep tourists coming , the Sacramento Bee reported . "  If the drought continues through next winter and we do not conserve more , the consequences could be even more catastrophic than they already are , " State Water Board Chair Felicia Marcus said in March . But what about those yummy California wines , you ask ? Guess what . They 're only getting better -- because of the drought . Yes , you read that right . The 2014 wine grape harvest was "  third in a string of great vintages this decade , " the Wine Institute says . "  California vintners and growers across the state are grateful for another excellent vintage , despite an ongoing drought and earthquake that rocked south Napa in late August just as crush was getting underway , " the institute said in a statement last year . "  A mild winter and spring caused early bud break , although the overall length of the growing season was similar to past years . " Wine grapes use relatively low water , said institute spokeswoman Gladys Horiuchi . "  Yes , drought years tend to produce terrific quality , " she added . "  With the record high California wine grape harvests in 2012 , 2013 and 2014 , there is a good supply of California wine . " That may be the only thing to toast about this drought .	Americans paid more for some fruits and vegetables last year because of the drought Tourists will now have to ask for a glass of water at a California restaurant Perhaps the only good thing is another "  great " wine grape harvest last year
