CNN  -- Oprah , if you 're reading this , for goodness sake return this woman 's calls . Ask your assistants if there 's a box of yellowing fax messages lying around somewhere in Harpo Studios -- she sent you one daily for a while . Track down the ton of letters asking -- pleading -- for your help starting a Winfrey-style talk show in Africa . Because this is n't just another eager fan . Her name is Mosunmola Abudu , and in the last eight years she 's done it -- and then some . With no TV experience whatsoever , Abudu has become the "  Oprah of Africa " -- it 's impossible not to read an interview with the glamorous 49-year-old without the moniker cropping up . And with good reason . Breezing into CNN 's London studios , electric blue dress clinging to her slim figure , glossy pink eye shadow and lipstick to match , Abudu is in her element , the sound bites coming thick and fast . And why would n't the mother-of-two be comfortable in front of the camera ? This is the face of "  Moments with Mo , " the hugely successful talk show Abudu founded in 2006 , attracting such high profile guests as Hillary Clinton and IMF chief Christine Lagarde . The manicured Mo and her guests lounge in plush apartments , chat over coffee , contemplate tasteful visual cues . Africa 's first syndicated talk show was so slick that people initially questioned whether it could actually have been created in Nigeria . Abudu assured them it was . There was more to come . Nine months ago she started Ebony Life TV -- Africa 's first global black entertainment network . Oprah who ? "  When I started my journey into television , there was nothing that I did n't try , to reach this woman , " says Abudu about her early attempts to contact Ms Winfrey . "  We sat for days on end , would send daily faxes , would send weekly faxes . At some point , when we did n't get a response , we realized that Oprah was n't going to save us , she was n't there to help us to get this talk show of Africa started . And then I just basically got out there and said ` let 's just do the very best that we can . ' " Mo 's big moment Winfrey or not , in less than a decade Abudu has built a TV network creating 1,000 hours of programming yearly . And there are plans to make even more channels -- all under the Ebony Life banner . But what makes Abudu 's story remarkable is not that she conquered African TV -- but that she did it without any prior media experience . "  I went on a training course for learning how to present , went back and said : ` Here I am and I want to produce my own talk show ! ' " said the British-born entrepreneur in an interview with CNN 's Stephanie Busari . "  Of course , there were many knock backs along the way , many people telling me ` you ca n't do these things . ' But I think what 's important in life is that you believe in yourself and the things you can do . " Before she was the queen of African chat shows , Abudu was a head of human resources at oil giant ExxonMobil for a decade . Then there 's the consultancy firm she set up , the executive-training center she developed , and the charity she founded . The ` other ' Africa So where did this drive to be on TV come from ? Abudu puts it down to a "  deep-seated passion to tell Africa 's story . " Even if that meant standing in the middle of London with a microphone . "  A couple of years ago I stood there with a microphone , and just randomly stopped people in the street , " explained Abudu . "  I said : ` When you hear the word Africa , what comes to mind ? ' " "  I heard ` starving children , poverty , HIV , Mugabe . ' I heard ` babies with flies on their faces . ' And my next question was : ` Why do you think this of Africa ? ' And the response was : ` It 's what I read in the newspapers , it 's what I see on television . ' Because that 's the popular notion of Africa . " Not if Abudu has anything to do with it . Her show celebrates a very different continent , one brimming with entrepreneurs , academics , and artists , all taking their place on her coveted couch . "  It 's glossy , it 's got razzmatazz , " she says about her network 's distinctive style . "  It shows that there 's a new generation of Africans out there that want this content they can identify with , that speaks to them . " Dream big Born in London , Abudu spent her early years between the UK and Africa . On holidays she would visit her grandparents ' cocoa farm , and remembers them spreading out beans to dry in the Nigerian sun . Growing up in 1960s Britain was tough for one of only three black children in her school . She was asked questions like : "  Do you guys live in tress ? Do you dance around fires ? What do you eat for breakfast ? " When she was 11 years old , Abudu 's father died , and her 73-year-old mother still remains a huge source of strength and inspiration . "  She is very prayerful woman . I am very prayerful woman . So I find that through working hard and praying hard a lot of things just get done , " she said . It seems the ` Oprah of Africa ' does n't need Ms Winfrey after all . Watch : From orphan to billionaire Russian ` Tsarina ' Inspire : Beyonce says gender equality is a myth CNN 's Jim Stenman contributed to this report .	Meet Mo Abudu , the talk show host portraying a very different Africa Glamorous presenter heads Ebony Life TV network , based in Nigeria Dubbed the ` African Oprah ' due to huge popularity , growing media empire Born in 1960s Britain , struggled against prejudice
RAWALPINDI , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was assassinated Thursday after addressing a large gathering of her supporters . The bomb explodes near Bhutto 's vehicle following a political rally in Rawalpindi . Bhutto died of a gunshot wound to the neck , the Pakistani Interior Ministry said . The attacker then blew himself up . The bomb attack killed at least 22 others , doctors said . Video of the scene just moments before the explosion showed Bhutto stepping into a heavily guarded vehicle to leave the rally . Watch how the tragedy unfolded " John Moore , a photographer for Getty Images , said Bhutto was standing through the sunroof of her vehicle , waving to supporters , when two shots rang out . Bhutto fell back into the vehicle , and almost immediately a bomb blast rocked the scene , sending twisting metal and shrapnel into the crowd , he added . Police sources told CNN the bomber , who was riding a motorcycle , blew himself up near Bhutto 's vehicle . Watch aftermath of the attack . Bhutto was rushed to Rawalpindi General Hospital -- less than two miles from the bombing scene -- where doctors pronounced her dead . Her body was removed from the hospital -- carried above a crowd of supporters -- late Thursday night , and a Pakistan Air Force plane is flying the body to Sukkur , accompanied by her husband and three children , said Pakistan People 's Party leader Sen. Safdar Abbasi . Bhutto is scheduled to be buried in the ancestral graveyard of the Bhutto family at Gari-Khuda Baksh in Sindh province Friday afternoon , he added . Chaos erupted at the hospital when former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif arrived to pay his respects to Bhutto less than three hours after her death . Hundreds of Bhutto supporters crammed into the entrance shouted and cried , some clutching their heads in pain and shock . Sharif called it "  the saddest day " in Pakistan 's history . "  Something unthinkable has happened , " he said . Watch Benazir Bhutto obituary " Sharif said his party will boycott Pakistan 's January 8 parliamentary elections in the wake of the assassination . President Pervez Musharraf said the killers were the same extremists that Pakistan is fighting a war against , and announced three days of national mourning . Police warned citizens to stay home as they expected rioting to break out in city streets in reaction to the death . Rioters burned tires and blocked roads in Karachi and other cities , police sources said . Police fired on an angry mob , killing two people , in the city of Khairpur in the Sindh province , Geo TV reported . Bhutto 's husband issued a statement from his home in Dubai saying , "  All I can say is we 're devastated , it 's a total shock . " He arrived in Pakistan late Thursday . President Bush said those responsible "  must be brought to justice " and praised Bhutto as a woman who had "  fought the forces of terror . " He said : "  She refused to allow assassins to dictate the course of her country . " The number of wounded was not immediately known . However , video of the scene showed ambulances lined up to take many to hospitals . The assassination happened in Rawalpindi 's Liaquat Bagh Park , named for Pakistan 's first prime minister -- Liaquat Ali Khan -- who was assassinated in the same location in 1951 . The attack came just hours after four supporters of former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif died when members of another political party opened fire on them at a rally near the Islamabad airport Thursday , Pakistan police said . Several other members of Sharif 's party were wounded , police said . Bhutto , who led Pakistan from 1988 to 1990 and was the first female prime minister of any Islamic nation , was participating in the parliamentary election set for January 8 , hoping for a third term . A terror attack targeting her motorcade in Karachi killed 136 people on the day she returned to Pakistan after eight years of self-imposed exile . View timeline . " CNN 's Mohsin Naqvi , who was at the scene of both bombings , said Thursday 's blast was not as powerful as that October attack . Thursday 's attacks come less than two weeks after Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf lifted an emergency declaration he said was necessary to secure his country from terrorists . Bhutto had been critical of what she believed was a lack of effort by Musharraf 's government to protect her . Two weeks after the October assassination attempt , she wrote a commentary for CNN.com in which she questioned why Pakistan investigators refused international offers of help in finding the attackers . "  The sham investigation of the October 19 massacre and the attempt by the ruling party to politically capitalize on this catastrophe are discomforting , but do not suggest any direct involvement by General Pervez Musharraf , " Bhutto wrote . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohsin Naqvi contributed to this report	Pakistan 's former PM Benazir Bhutto assassinated in Rawalpindi after rally NEW : Interior Ministry says Bhutto died from gunshot wound to the neck NEW : Body being flown to Sukkur , accompanied by husband and her three children Three days of national mourning ; Police fear violent backlash
CNN Student News  -- November 12 , 2009 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Brazil • Pakistan • Macon , Georgia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . SUMAYA AHSAN , PAKISTANI STUDENT : He 's like a legend to us because he saved our lives , our friends ' lives . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : We 've got that incredible story coming up in just a minute . I 'm Carl Azuz . CNN Student News starts right now ! First Up : Executive Agenda AZUZ : First up , a look at President Obama 's executive agenda . Today , he 's taking off for Asia , making a nine-day trip to the region to meet with world leaders and to take part in an economic conference . Japan , Singapore , China and South Korea . All of them are stopping points along the way . The president plans to talk about the importance of the U.S. and Asian countries working together on things like economic growth , climate change and the war in Afghanistan . That last subject , the war , is something he discussed with his war council yesterday . It was the latest in a series of meetings to review the U.S. approach to the conflict in Afghanistan . President Obama is said to be considering four options , some of which may include sending additional troops to the country . That 's something that military leaders have requested and some Republican lawmakers have urged the president to do . In a recent CNN poll , 56 percent of people were against sending more troops , while 42 percent were in favor of it . Earlier in the day , President Obama took part in a wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknowns in Arlington National Cemetery . Just one of the Veterans Day events held around the country . He and first lady Michelle Obama walked through the cemetery 's Section 60 , where service members from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have been laid to rest . During a speech yesterday , the president said "  to all who served in every battle in every war , it 's never too late to say thank you . " Is this Legit ? RICK VINCENT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? Brazil is the biggest country in South America . Legit ! In fact , Brazil is the 5th largest country in the world , and it 's home to nearly 200 million people . Blackout in Brazil AZUZ : About 60 million of those people were left in the dark Tuesday night by a massive power outage . Officials say it affected 18 of Brazil 's 26 states , including some of the country 's largest cities . There 's some uncertainty about what actually caused the power outage , but it 's been linked to a hydroelectric dam . The power was back on in most areas by Wednesday morning . Unsung Hero AZUZ : Pakistan is a country that 's seen a lot of violence this year . Three weeks ago , suicide attacks at a university claimed seven lives . One of them was a janitor who had only started working at the school a week earlier . But his reported actions on that day have many people in Pakistan calling him a hero . Ivan Watson shares his story . BEGIN VIDEO IVAN WATSON , CNN CORRESPONDENT , ISLAMABAD : 70-year-old Kurshaid Siddique makes this walk every day , clutching a photo of her son . Pervaiz Mahsi was killed on October 20th when a suicide bomber attacked the university cafeteria where he worked . Pervaiz was a janitor . He barely earned enough money to feed his family . Now , some people are calling him a hero . SUMAYA AHSAN , STUDENT : Now , he 's like a legend to us because he saved our lives , our friends ' lives . WATSON : 20-year-old Sumaya Ahsan and her classmates are also in mourning . The suicide bomber killed three of their friends in the women 's cafeteria of Islamabad 's International Islamic University . But if it was n't for the janitor named Pervaiz , they say many more of their classmates could have been killed . AFSHEEN ZAFAR , STUDENT : If he could n't stop that suicide attacker , there could have been great , great destruction . WATSON : On October 20th , a suicide bomber disguised in women 's clothes shot and wounded the guard on duty and then approached this cafeteria , which was packed full of hundreds of female students . The café where this deadly attack took place is back open . This is the doorway where , by some accounts , Pervaiz Mahsi helped stop the suicide bomber from coming in and doing more damage . The explosion instantly killed Pervaiz . Who knows how many young women would have died if the bomber had gotten got into this room ? Pervaiz 's family lives here , in a house crowded with three other families . The family of eight people lives in this single room , sleeping on three beds . You all are Christians ? MAHSI 'S SISTER : Yeah WATSON : They are members of Pakistan 's Christian minority , one of the poorest communities in Pakistan . They had to borrow money for Pervaiz 's coffiin , and now they 're behind on the rent . Pervaiz 's mother is inconsolable . From what we 've heard , your son really helped save a lot of people and he 's a hero . KURSHAID SIDDIQUE , MOTHER OF PERVAIZ MAHSI -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : "  But my hero is dead now , " she says . WATSON : The illiterate Christian man who saved the lives of so many Muslim girls is buried here , just a few feet from a muddy road in a garbage-strewn grave . The government of Pakistan is calling him a national hero . Ivan Watson , CNN , Islamabad . END VIDEO Word to the Wise TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : A Word to the Wise ... segregation  noun  the separation of people or groups , especially by race source : www.dictionary.com Together at Last AZUZ : Segregation was a policy that was practiced in many schools across America before a Supreme Court ruling declared it unconstitutional . In Macon , Georgia , many students from the class of 1959 recently attended their 50th reunion . And they decided that while their schools were segregated then , they wanted to come together now . Brooke Baldwin takes us there . BEGIN VIDEO BROOKE BALDWIN , CNN CORRESPONDENT : There are the nametags , the nerves , the hugs of recognition . But a typical 50th high school reunion this is not . Instead , this luncheon marks the first time Macon , Georgia 's classes of 1959 have sat side by side ever . BETTY WEBB-HAYES , 1959 GRADUATE , BALLARD-HUDSON HIGH SCHOOL : I grew up in a town for 50 years with all those people around and never knew who they were . BALDWIN : Betty Webb-Hayes knows . In 1959 , the southern city 's three public high schools -- Ballard-Hudson , Lanier and Miller -- were segregated . In the 1950s , Jim Crow laws ruled , and separate was supposedly equal . But as a Ballard Hudson alumna , as a young child , she says segregation was simply a way of life . WEBB-HAYES : We did n't find out that we were being discriminated against until we were in high school , until that high school teacher told us that we were living in a segregated society . We did n't know it . BALDWIN : Fifty years later , Lanier alumnus Tom Johnson , former CNN president and publisher of the "  L.A. Times , " had an idea to close the five-decade gap . In a letter to Macon 's three classes of 1959 , Johnson wrote , "  It was a different world then . We were divided by policies , politics , and tradition . It is a different world today . We no longer are separated except by personal choice . " That letter and several months of planning later , 210 members of the class of 1959 sat together at last . RUBY DEAN DUPREE , 1959 GRADUATE , BALLARD-HUDSON HIGH SCHOOL : Well , the old saying is better late than never . I could not sleep last night . So , it just means the world to me . It was just like waiting for Santa Claus to come . LINDA CARSTOFFEN GUGEN , 1959 GRADUATE , A.L. MILLER HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS : I realized how much we actually missed , people that we could have known . BALDWIN : For this former class president , the gathering of old and new friends brings tears to her eyes , not just because of the symbolism , but for the empty seats , classmates whose attitudes on race 50 years later have n't changed . GUGEN : There are some people that still feel resistant to the idea and think that what we 're pushing for is not a good thing . And I think we have to focus on the ones that were here today . I think those people went away with a changed heart . BALDWIN : It may have taken those people 50 years to come together . Unlike these old-fashioned photos , their story is no longer told in black and white . Brooke Baldwin , CNN , Macon , Georgia . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : CNN Student News has made an online upgrade ! To check it out , go to the U.S. page on CNN.com , scroll down , and click on "  Student News . " Or you can enter "  CNNStudentNews.com " into your browser . Our redesigned site has all of the free materials you love : Daily Discussion questions , downloadable maps , our blog . Log on and check out our new look today ! Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , some reputations are hard to keep . But Joey Chestnut -- the guy in the middle -- is up for the task . He 's one of the world 's top-ranked competitive eaters , and he showed off his skills , if that 's what you want to call it , at this meatball eating contest . Chestnut gobbled up 50 meatballs in just 10 minutes , setting a world record along the way . The guy who came in second finished one meatball behind . Goodbye AZUZ : A close loss like that has to be a punch to the gut . You guys have a great day . CNN Student News will see you tomorrow to close out the week .	Find out some topics that President Obama plans to address on a trip to Asia Hear the story of a late Pakistani janitor who is being hailed as a hero Visit a class reunion that brought former students together for the first time Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  A term used by President Barack Obama and Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake to characterize rioters has given new life to a debate over the word "  thug . " "  Of course it 's not the right word , to call our children ` thugs , ' " Baltimore City Councilman Carl Stokes told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " "  These are children who have been set aside , marginalized , who have not been engaged by us . No , we do n't have to call them thugs . " "  Just call them n ----- s. Just call them n ----- s , " he said . "  No , we do n't have to call them by names such as that . " The Rev. Jamal Bryant drew the same comparison Wednesday morning on CNN . The President and the mayor are wrong , he said . "  These are not thugs , these are upset and frustrated children . " "  It 's amazing . You do n't call six police officers who kill a man without probable cause ` thugs , ' but children who are frustrated and do n't have an outlet , you call them ` thugs . ' ` Thugs ' is the 21st century word for the n-word . And it is repulsive and it is offensive to every person who is a parent trying to raise children interpreting what 's taking place in this hour . " The recent unrest in Baltimore was sparked by the arrest and death of Freddie Gray , who suffered a severe spinal cord injury while in custody . Six officers have been suspended over the incident . Bryant delivered the eulogy at Gray 's funeral . What we know , do n't know about Freddie Gray 's death Mayor Rawlings-Blake responded Wednesday . "  I wanted to clarify my comments on ` thugs , ' " she wrote Wednesday on Twitter . "  When you speak out of frustration and anger , one can say things in a way that you do n't mean . " She added , "  That night we saw misguided young people who need to be held accountable , but who also need support . And my comments then did n't convey that . " Kweisi Mfume , Baltimore native and former president of the NAACP , said , "  It 's important we not shift the focus into something that has absolutely nothing to do with poverty , despair , hunger , homelessness and a sense of not belonging . " "  Whether we call them a thug , a law breaker , a juvenile delinquent , it really does n't matter . What matters is how do we take back our streets . And that 's what men have been doing , going around , talking to these young men where they , are in their face , and letting them know , you ca n't control this community . It is not yours . You ca n't burn it down . You ca n't force people out . You ca n't threaten people , " he told "  OutFront . " "  So I understand that , that people want to talk about a word . But I 'm more worried about a movement , and it 's not necessarily a movement for positive change . It 's a movement for negative change right now unless we get it under control . " Kevin Shird , another Baltimore native and author of "  Lessons of Redemption , " said "  thug " is "  not like the n-word in my mind . " But , he said in a CNN interview , the term has "  been racialized across America , so I can see why people would become offended like that . " Shird , a former drug dealer , also said he does not see the word as an accurate description of the young people who rioted and looted in Baltimore on Monday . "  These were young juveniles . And so , in my mind I do n't see a 16 - or 17-year-old as a thug . I have seen thugs , and they do n't look like thugs to me . My experience in life has been a little bit more extreme than that , but , again , it was criminal behavior and it ca n't be justified . " He added , "  We just want to stay focused on the issue of police brutality and of the Freddie Gray matter . " Opinion : Calling people ` thugs ' solves nothing NFL player Richard Sherman has previously called the term "  the accepted way of calling somebody the n-word nowadays . " Rapper Slim Thug once addressed the term on the Houston radio program "  Madd Hatta Morning Show . " The host set up the exchange by referring to deceased rapper Tupac Shakur . "  I got the Tupac definition , " the host said , as "  OutFront " reported online in January 2014 . "  His is just , you know , a person going through struggles , has gone through struggles and continue to live day-by-day ... . just trying to make it . " "  I think the same thing , " Slim Thug responded . "  I probably got ` thug ' off of him , you know , growing up listening to him ... I feel the same way that he felt , coming from nothing to something . " Webster 's Dictionary defines "  thug " as "  a brutal ruffian or assassin . " On Monday , Mayor Rawlings-Blake said , "  There is a difference between what we saw over the past week with the peaceful protests , those who wish to seek justice , those who wish to be heard , and want answers , and the difference between those protests and the thugs who only want to incite violence and destroy our city . " On Tuesday , President Obama referred to the rioters as "  a handful of criminals and thugs who tore up the place . " That same day , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry used the word "  thugs " to refer to ISIS . At a luncheon in honor of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , Kerry referred to two Japanese citizens "  who were murdered by the thugs of Daesh in retribution for Japan 's pledge of humanitarian assistance -- I repeat , humanitarian assistance -- to the victims of fighting in the Middle East . "  Daesh is another term for ISIS . Kerry has also referred to "  thugs " in the Ukraine crisis . Obama has also used the term "  thugs " in similar context . "  Not every collection of thugs that labels themselves al Qaeda will pose a credible threat to the United States , " he said in one speech . Complete coverage on the Baltimore riots	Baltimore mayor says she wants to "  clarify " use of the term Some community leaders in the city call the term equivalent to the n-word Others disagree and do n't want the debate overshadowing the issues
Washington  CNN  -- The Hells Angels are going to court , protesting a federal policy barring the motorcycle club 's foreign members from visiting the United States . In a complaint filed in federal court in Washington , the Hells Angels Motorcycle Corporation , as the group calls itself , said its designation as a "  known criminal organization " by the departments of Homeland Security and State violates immigration law and the group 's constitutional rights . Lawyers for the Los Angeles-area-based group describe its membership as composed of loosely associated charters , "  made up of motorcycle enthusiasts who have joined to ride motorcycles together , organize social events , fundraisers , parties and motorcycle rallies . " Canadian rides 186 mph Founded in 1948 in southern California , Hells Angels claim charters in 35 countries : Argentina , Australia , Austria , Belgium , Brazil , Canada , Chile , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , England , Finland , France , Germany , Greece , Holland , Hungary , Iceland , Ireland , Italy , Liechtenstein , Luxembourg , New Zealand , Northern Ireland , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Russia , Spain , Switzerland , South Africa , Sweden , Turkey , the United States and Wales . The group is asking for a temporary injunction , allowing foreign members to be granted visas to travel to the United States . In its lawsuit , the group claims the government routinely denies visas "  to all aliens based solely on their membership in a Hells Angels charter without further analysis into whether or not that individual seeks to enter the United States to engage solely , principally , or incidentally in unlawful activity . " The motorcycle group also seeks to have its "  criminal organization " designation removed . Singer 's husband loses leg in bike crash The Obama administration is expected to respond to the lawsuit in coming weeks , when a federal judge would decide the injunction request , and later , the larger legal questions raised . There was no immediate response to the lawsuit from government officials . A number of federal and state prosecutors and law enforcement organizations have called the Hells Angels a criminal motorcycle gang , along with their alleged rivals the Bandidos , Outlaws , and Pagans . Some of its members have been prosecuted for committing felonies including drug dealing , extortion , and other violent crimes . The Hells Angels as a group has said any crimes committed by its members have been done as individual acts , and are not representative of the club as a whole . The case is Hells Angels Motorcycle Corp. v. Napolitano  1:12 - cv-1357  .	The Hells Angels motorcycle club claims charters in 35 countries The group is suing to protest a federal policy barring its foreign members from the U.S. It also is fighting its federal designation as a "  known criminal organization " There was no immediate reaction to the lawsuit from government officials
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Doctors removed five small polyps from President Bush 's colon on Saturday , and "  none appeared worrisome , " a White House spokesman said . The polyps were removed and sent to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , for routine microscopic examination , spokesman Scott Stanzel said . Results are expected in two to three days . All were small , less than a centimeter -LSB- half an inch -RSB- in diameter , he said . Bush is in good humor , Stanzel said , and will resume his activities at Camp David . During the procedure Vice President Dick Cheney assumed presidential power . Bush reclaimed presidential power at 9:21 a.m. after about two hours . Doctors used "  monitored anesthesia care , " Stanzel said , so the president was asleep , but not as deeply unconscious as with a true general anesthetic . He spoke to first lady Laura Bush -- who is in Midland , Texas , celebrating her mother 's birthday -- before and after the procedure , Stanzel said . Afterward , the president played with his Scottish terriers , Barney and Miss Beazley , Stanzel said . He planned to have lunch at Camp David and have briefings with National Security Adviser Stephen Hadley and White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten , and planned to take a bicycle ride Saturday afternoon . Cheney , meanwhile , spent the morning at his home on Maryland 's eastern shore , reading and playing with his dogs , Stanzel said . Nothing occurred that required him to take official action as president before Bush reclaimed presidential power . The procedure was supervised by Dr. Richard Tubb , Bush 's physician , and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , the White House said . Bush 's last colonoscopy was in June 2002 , and no abnormalities were found , White House spokesman Tony Snow said . The president 's doctor had recommended a repeat procedure in about five years . A colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer , rectal cancer and polyps , small clumps of cells that can become cancerous , according to the Mayo Clinic . Small polyps may be removed during the procedure . Snow said on Friday that Bush had polyps removed during colonoscopies before becoming president . Snow himself is undergoing chemotherapy for cancer that began in his colon and spread to his liver . Watch Snow talk about Bush 's procedure and his own colon cancer " "  The president wants to encourage everybody to use surveillance , " Snow said . The American Cancer Society recommends that people without high risk factors or symptoms begin getting screened for signs of colorectal cancer at age 50 . E-mail to a friend	Five small polyps found during procedure ; "  none worrisome , " spokesman says President reclaims powers transferred to vice president Bush undergoes routine colonoscopy at Camp David
CNN  The massive meteorite split in two shortly before smashing into Earth , wiping out large numbers of species . The devastating event took place on our planet many millions of years ago , but researchers are only now beginning to discover what happened . In a remote part of Central Australia , the two pieces of asteroid left what geophysicists say is the largest impact zone ever found on Earth , spreading over an area 400 kilometers  250 miles  wide . "  The two asteroids must each have been over 10 kilometers across -- it would have been curtains for many life species on the planet at the time , " said lead researcher Andrew Glikson of the Australian National University . The team published its research in the journal Tectonophysics this month . The crater caused by the asteroids vanished long ago . But Glikson said the researchers stumbled across scars from the impacts during drilling for geothermal research . Traces are buried more than 2 kilometers inside the Earth 's crust , under an area near the borders of South Australia , Queensland and the Northern Territory . "  There are two huge deep domes in the crust , formed by the Earth 's crust rebounding after the huge impacts , and bringing up rock from the mantle below , " Glikson said . The researchers are still trying to figure out just how long ago the shattering event happened . The surrounding rocks are 300 million to 600 million years old , according to the team , but they have n't been able to find the sort of evidence left by other meteorite strikes . A big meteorite strike that is believed to have led to the extinction of many dinosaur species 66 million years ago launched a plume of ash into the air that now shows up as a layer of sediment in rocks . But the researchers say they have n't come across a similar layer in sediments from about 300 million years ago . "  It 's a mystery -- we ca n't find an extinction event that matches these collisions . I have a suspicion the impact could be older than 300 million years , " Glikson said . The discovery of the huge asteroid impacts could lead to new insights about the Earth 's history . "  Large impacts like these may have had a far more significant role in the Earth 's evolution than previously thought , " Glikson said . CNN 's Jessica King contributed to this report .	Two pieces of asteroid crashed into Australia many millions of years ago Researchers stumble across traces of the impact zone deep in the earth 's crust
CNN  -- A slender and stylish woman with a full dark beard -- yes , a beard -- stands in the middle of the roiling battle between Russia and the West , adding to the fury of a growing confrontation . Who could have imagined it ? I 'm talking about the singer Conchita Wurst , alter ego of the Austrian artist Tom Neuwirth . Conchita just won the hugely popular Eurovision contest with overwhelming public support , turning herself into an instant international superstar , a fact that is apparently driving many influential Russians into a foot-stomping rage . In theory , Eurovision , the venerable 58-year-old European tradition , is all about good feelings and understanding between neighbors in a continent once torn by war . In reality , it is a competition driven by crisscrossing rivalries and subtle political overtones . This year the competition was something to behold . More than 100 million viewers across dozens of countries tuned in on Saturday night . When Austria 's turn came , the camera slowly zoomed in on the stylish figure in the golden dress standing in the middle of the giant stage . The camera moved in to reveal a thick , well-trimmed beard on the face of a woman with long black hair . Conchita sang "  Rise Like a Phoenix , " a theme evoking personal rebirth , transformation , and triumph . We might have been able to hear the gasps of surprise that surely rose across European living rooms . We could not record those . But the competition did register the public reaction , and we know millions cheered , because Conchita won the competition . And yet , not everyone found the performance all that inspiring . Russian President Vladimir Putin has in recent years redefined Russia as a rival , an opponent of the West . And among the aspects of "  Western culture " that he has used to distinguish Russia from its rivals is its attitude toward equality for gays . Putin has quite deliberately become the standard-bearer of traditional morality , cracking down mercilessly on Russian liberals , particularly on its gay and lesbian citizens , even foreign visitors , as part of an effort to stoke popular support in a country that , despite having lived through the cutting-edge social experiment of communism , remains deeply conservative . The ongoing battle over Ukraine , which stands on the edge of civil war , was triggered by a push by Ukraine to strengthen its ties to the European Union , something Putin is loath to accept . The dispute with Ukraine created tensions at the Eurovision contest . Since the voting includes phone and text , organizers had to decide what to do with the vote from Crimea , the province that Russia seized from Ukraine a few weeks ago .  They counted those votes as Ukrainian . But it was Conchita , "  the bearded lady , " who stuck like a stone inside the Putinists ' shoes . Russia , along with people in Belarus and Armenia , filed petitions to remove Conchita from the competition , or at least edit her out of the broadcast . Wurst did n't just sing . She wowed the viewers . And when the time came to vote , they texted and phoned in with abandon . She won the competition by a wide margin . Who knows what exactly drove the vote ? She sang well . But undoubtedly there were other factors at play . In the press conference after her victory , somebody asked her if she had a message for Putin . She did . "  We are unstoppable . " That may be . But in Russia , life for people whose sexual orientation is out of the mainstream is rife with danger . A year ago , Putin signed a law banning gay "  propaganda , " which makes it illegal to even express support for gay rights in any manner . Gay parents worry about losing their children . Many are leaving the country . It 's the tip of the iceberg of Putin 's repression of the opposition . Conchita would face harassment in Russia . She uses the pronoun "  she " to refer to herself , and her sexual identity can make your head spin : She is the creation of Tom Neuwirth , who uses the pronoun "  he " and describes it as having "  two hearts beating in my chest . " He created Conchita , complete with a fictional birthplace -- the mountains of Colombia -- to deal with the discrimination of his teenage years , when he liked to dress in girls ' clothes . Conchita demolishes our conception of femininity and masculinity . She is an individual creation ; Neuwirth 's creation come to life . But do n't expect Russian politicians to have any understanding . The always outrageous ultranationalist member of parliament , Vladimir Zhirinovsky , declared that Conchita 's win marks "  the end of Europe . It has turned wild . " He helpfully offered that "  Fifty years ago , the Soviet Union occupied Austria ... we should have stayed there . " Of course , Zhirinovsky is not the man on whose judgment we should rely for issues of morality . A few weeks ago , he was confronted on live television by a Russian journalist , a pregnant woman , on the subject of Ukraine . He accused her of having "  a uterine frenzy " and ordered one of his aides to "  rape her violently . " Putin 's deputy prime minister , Dmitry Rogozin , used the Conchita victory to take a slap at Ukraine , sarcastically tweeting , "  Eurovision showed the eurointegrators their europerspective -- a bearded girl . " That was something of a limp slap . A member of the St. Petersburg legislative assembly officially asked Russia 's Eurovision committee to stop participating in the competition , thus to avoid having Russian performers on the same stage as "  the clear transvestite and hermaphrodite Conchita Wurst , " which would serve as propaganda for "  moral decay . " The despicable Zhirinovsky -- whom I had the inerasable experience of meeting in Baghdad , Iraq , many years ago  he was wearing revealing Speedos doing laps in the hotel pool  -- said : "  There are no more men or women in Europe . Just it . " He might have thought the quip very clever . In reality , Conchita showed us that there are many kinds of people in Europe -- including in Russia . And the people who voted for the new Eurovision champion showed they are very consciously throwing their support behind someone who represents openness , inclusiveness , and the possibility of becoming a human being that may not conform to the standards set by others . With that , European television viewers sent a message to Putin , and to Russia , and to all the people who would like to fight to keep the world from changing . And they put Conchita , in her full-length evening gown , with her bearded face , right in the middle of that battlefield .	Conchita Wurst , a "  woman " with a full beard , overwhelmingly won Eurovision song contest Frida Ghitis : She became a lightning rod in culture war between the West and Russia Russia , known for anti-gay laws , demanded that Conchita be removed from the contest Ghitis : When asked , Conchita 's message to President Putin was "  We are unstoppable "
Maine police revealed Saturday that blood was found in missing toddler Ayla Reynolds ' basement and , for the first time , cast doubt on the accounts of adults who were in the home when she was last seen -- saying they do n't "  pass the ` straight-face ' test in Maine . " "  We feel they know more than they 're telling us , " said Stephen McCausland , a spokesman for the Maine Department of Public Safety . Investigators found the blood during their initial search of the Waterville , Maine , house , though they did not specify how much blood there was and where exactly in the basement it was located . Determining whose blood it is is "  a top priority of the crime lab , " McCausland said . Justin DiPietro -- the father of Ayla , who was 20 months old when authorities began looking for her last month -- sleeps in the basement of the home , which is owned by his mother . McCausland said authorities felt they should reveal the information about the blood discovery now , because "  we need information from the public , and we think this might help . " "  The public needs to understand we 're frustrated , and no closer to finding Ayla than we were ... December 17 , " he said . Police have said that DiPietro 's mother , Phoebe DiPietro , was n't home the night of December 16 , when her son told police that he put his daughter to sleep in her first-floor bedroom at 8 p.m. . He called police the next morning just before 9 a.m. to report her missing . Justin DiPietro has said in a written statement that "  he would never do anything to harm my daughter . " Police now say that Ayla was alone in the bedroom the night before she was reported missing , even though relatives have told CNN her younger cousin normally slept in the same room . In addition to Ayla and her father , two other adults and two other children were in the house on the night of December 16 , according to authorities . They were Justin DiPietro 's girlfriend and her young son , plus Ayla 's aunt and her toddler . The latter two also live in the house . The two other children are thought to have slept in a different bedroom than Ayla , and police believe Ayla 's aunt was with them , according to McCausland . Police said the adults told them "  someone snuck into the house , went into the bedroom where Ayla was sleeping , and no one heard or saw anything . " Yet "  there is no evidence that we have found that would point to an abduction , " said the state spokesman . "  Their story ... does n't pass the ` straight-face ' test in Maine , " McCausland said . See more coverage from CNN affiliate WCSH "  We do n't know what happened other than we know Ayla did n't walk out on her own , and we have grave doubts she was abducted because there were three adults in the home that night  and  it 's a very small house . " No one has been arrested in the case , and police have not identified Justin DiPietro or anyone else as a suspect . "  We 're not ruling anyone in or anyone out , " McCausland said . Police confirm that Justin DiPietro took a polygraph test , but wo n't reveal the results . Lie detector evidence is not admissible in court . He told Waterville 's Morning Sentinel newspaper that police would n't show him the actual polygraph paperwork to show him how he did . "  I know I went in there and smoked it , " Justin DiPietro said . "  I told the truth , and that 's it . " Phoebe DiPietro has told CNN she fully supports her son and does n't believe anyone who was in the house on that December night would harm the toddler or had anything to do with her disappearance . She has said she just wants Ayla back healthy and safe . "  I 'd give everything I owned if we can have her back , " Phoebe DiPietro said . On Saturday , Justin DiPietro and Ayla 's mother , Trista Reynolds , appeared together publicly for the first time since their daughter 's disappearance to thank those who have tried to help locate Ayla , CNN affiliate WCSH reported . The two embraced when DiPietro showed up 30 minutes before the event ended and later talked calmly on the steps of Waterville City Hall , according to WCSH . Trista Reynolds had told HLN 's Nancy Grace last month that she raised Ayla for 18 months , and that DiPietro had become involved after she "  needed to go and get a little bit of help for myself . " She told HLN she entered rehab . DiPietro had sole custody of Ayla when she disappeared . Two days before Ayla was reported missing , Reynolds filed court documents seeking custody of the girl . The 23-year-old mother said she did n't tell DiPietro she was going to court because he was "  vindictive " and "  verbally abusive . " Reynolds said Saturday that "  I do n't have the answers that you guys are looking for . " She reacted emotionally , when asked about the police announcement that blood was found in Ayla 's house . "  I 'm ready to go knocking at people 's door myself because I want to know what happened to my daughter , and I want to know where she is and who took her or just whatever , like everybody else does , " she said .	Ayla Reynolds ' parents appear together at an event to thank searchers Three adults were in Ayla 's home the night before she was reported missing Their accounts do n't "  pass the ` straight-face ' test , " a Maine state spokesman says Finding out whose blood was found in the home is a top priority , he adds
New York  CNN  -- The solutions to America 's long-term budget deficits are surprisingly simple , but they 're politically unthinkable in today 's Washington , says analyst Fareed Zakaria . America 's failure to deal with its growing budget deficit is hurting its image internationally , according to Zakaria . President Obama proposed a $ 3.8 trillion budget Monday , projecting a deficit of more than $ 1.5 trillion this year and nearly $ 1.3 trillion for the 2011 budget year . Zakaria , author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria : GPS , " spoke to CNN Wednesday . CNN : So the president released his budget this week , projecting deficits almost as far as the eye can see . What do you make of it ? Fareed Zakaria : The real problem is not the current deficits that the president has projected . These deficits are to a large extent inescapable because of the financial emergency we find ourselves in , the rescue of the financial system , the stimulus package to jump-start the American economy . But it 's worth understanding why this gets us to 10 percent of GDP , the worst deficit since World War II . And it is because , as the president points out , the budget was broken in the first place . It was broken by three decisions made during the Bush administration . The first was to have massive tax cuts , which was a decision made in the wake of the Clinton surpluses . The second decision was to have a massive new entitlement program -- prescription drugs for the elderly -- which took the fastest growing part of the American population and joined it to the fastest-rising costs in American health care , which is prescription drugs . It was therefore a marriage made in budgetary hell . And the third , of course , was to have two wars that were going to be funded without any tax increases , the first time in modern American history that that decision was made . ... A partial exception was Vietnam , which produced an economic catastrophe in the 1970s . And then you add to it the fact that we were in a financial and economic crisis and needed to spend money to get out of it , and you have the current budget problem . CNN : Right now the United States has a triple-A credit rating and the dollar is the reserve currency for the world . Do you think America 's financial stability is threatened in the short term ? Zakaria : Not in the short term . These are understandable choices America has to make . The entire industrialized world is facing very similar budget deficits . We have probably five years to try to bring our budget into some kind of manageable situation . And if we ca n't do it within five years , it suggests two things . One is that the trends at that point become so deep that fixing them at that point becomes very difficult . And the second thing is that it becomes a signal to the world that we really can not get control of our budget . And at that point , I do think that America 's reputation , its credibility , its ability to borrow vast amounts of money all will come into jeopardy . CNN : Do you think that President Obama should have taken more dramatic steps to curtail spending ? Zakaria : If he were to cut spending at this point , the economy would quite likely go into a second recession , a double-dip , and then frankly everything collapses . If you do n't have growth , you have no prospect of getting out of this budgetary situation . ... But he must in a year begin really to address the serious issues that make up the budget crisis that we have . The most significant one is health care costs . ... Obama 's health care plan , while it has some cost control measures , is mostly about expansion and adding to the costs . ... There has to be a much , much more serious focus on costs . The second is a number of sacred cows in the federal budget which are very large but which frankly make no sense . We have a $ 250 billion a year hole in the federal budget because employers are given a tax deduction for health care plans . This is actually bad for health care , because it is one of the factors that contributes to these out of control costs , because it 's an invitation to have inflation in the system . CNN : Are there other large "  sacred " budget items ? Zakaria : Another is the deduction of mortgage interest , which is taken in America as some kind of great measure that has enabled Americans to own homes , whereas we have the same rate of home ownership as Britain and Canada , neither of which have interest deductions for their home mortgages . What it is really is a subsidy for homeowners to take on debt . ... We take on more debt than people in other countries and we can see that has been part of the distortion of the market that has produced the financial crisis that we 've just gone through . That deduction is a hundred billion dollars . When you hear people talking about freezing this or that federal program , there you 're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars , occasionally a billion dollars . But the real big money is in all these middle class entitlements that are regarded as sacred cows . And the third part is taxes . You 're not going to bring the budget into balance unless you talk about tax increases . The only real question is what kind of tax increases . If we were to have a modest value added tax , the kind we have in Europe , it would probably raise $ 150 - $ 250 billion a year . It would discourage excessive consumption , it would encourage savings . ... CNN : So if the solutions are so simple , why are n't they happening ? Zakaria : If you take those three things -- health care , middle class entitlements and taxes -- we have effectively solved America 's budget crisis . So the good news here is that we have a $ 14 trillion economy . There 's more than enough money to have a very substantial federal budget , moderate taxes  we are still at the low end of the industrialized world in terms of taxes as a percentage of GDP  . So it really is worth thinking about how strange it is , that a fairly sensible set of discreet measures could put us back into a situation where we would be the envy of the world in terms of our fiscal condition . The steps I outlined are economically simple and sensible and yet they 're political dynamite . If we were to raise the retirement age on Social Security , modestly and on a sliding scale so that it was phased in . If we were to trim the benefits very slightly ... the program would be solvent for the next 75 years . And yet think about it . That simple commonsensical fix is politically absolutely impossible in Washington today . CNN : Why do you think that is ? Zakaria : Because we have a political structure in Washington today , that if one side proposes any solution to these problems , the other side does not ask itself : How can we have a compromise that solves this problem ? Instead they think : How can we demagogue this issue to fundraise , to win votes , to scare people , to polarize the political climate and gain advantage from it ? It 's almost that the entire strategy now is how can we take any proposal that anyone makes and turn it into a fundraising opportunity for our extreme wing . And if you do that , you 're never going to actually solve the problems of the country because every proposal can be demagogued . CNN : You just came back from Davos . What 's the view of world leaders of this American budget problem ? Zakaria : There is great unease not just about the numbers ... the real unease is about the sense that Washington is no longer working , that you can not count on the United States to be able to make hard decisions , to sort its own internal affairs out . One European CEO said to me , what worries us more than anything else is that problems you 're facing now are the same problems you were facing 10 or 15 years ago . They do n't seem to go away . In other words , we keep kicking the can down the road .	President Obama proposes a budget for 2011 with a deficit of nearly $ 1.3 trillion Fareed Zakaria says America 's failure to solve its budget problem hurts international image He says a simple set of common sense measures could put the budget back on track Zakaria : Fixes politically untenable because parties wo n't compromise to find solutions
CNN  -- NASA wo n't have to maneuver the international space station to dodge a piece of debris from a Soviet-era satellite spinning around Earth , the space agency announced Monday . NASA says debris wo n't threaten the international space station , seen here from Endeavour in November 2008 . Mission controllers at the Johnson Space Center in Houston warned earlier that a piece of the Kosmos 1275 was to pass about 1/2 mile from the space station early Tuesday morning . But after further study , NASA determined no evasive action would be needed , said Paul Dye , flight director for the space shuttle Discovery , which is en route to the station . "  The latest tracking information showed it is outside of our area of concern , so the station is going to be right where we expected it to be , " Dye told reporters at the Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas . Discovery lifted off from Florida on Sunday for a scheduled docking at 5:13 p.m. ET Tuesday . The spacecraft is not threatened by the debris , said LeRoy Cain , the shuttle program 's deputy manager . The dimensions of the satellite debris were not known Monday . The object was expected to pass "  on the fringes " of the 2 km-by-25 km-by-25 km  1.25 mile-by-15 mile-by-15 mile  safety zone controllers monitor , Dye said . "  It 's a very low probability of hit -- less than one in 100,000 , " he said . The space shuttle Discovery is currently headed toward the station for a scheduled docking Tuesday , but the spacecraft is not threatened by the debris , said LeRoy Cain , the shuttle program 's deputy manager . Last week , a piece of debris forced the space station 's current crew -- astronauts Mike Fincke and Sandy Magnus , and cosmonaut Yury Lonchakov -- to take shelter in its escape capsule , a rare close call for the orbiting platform , NASA said . That object , a chunk of metal from a satellite rocket motor used on an earlier space mission , was about 5 inches across , and moving at nearly 20,000 mph . It passed within 3 miles of the station early Thursday afternoon and was detected too late for the station to maneuver out of the way , controllers said . iReport.com : See , share your photos of launches and space Cain called the prospect of two close passes in less than a week a "  random " occurrence , but said controllers have frequently had to maneuver around pieces of orbital junk . "  It 's part of the business , " he said . "  It comes with the territory , and we 'll continue to do whatever 's necessary to avoid debris . " CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	Avoidance maneuver not necessary to avoid satellite debris The exact size of the Soviet-era debris is unknown , scientists say Space station crew earlier was forced to take shelter because of other debris
CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Friday urged high school students to e-mail , tweet , and teach their parents to tweet a message to Congress to prevent student loan interest rates from doubling on July 1 . In his continuing push to extend the current 3.4 % interest rate charged on federal student loans , Obama told students at a Virginia high school that the goal is to provide all Americans with the best possible education . "  We ca n't price the middle class out of a higher education , " the president said , sounding a theme of his re-election campaign . "  That 's why we 've got to make college more affordable . " He made no mention of Mitt Romney , his all-but-certain opponent in November , but took aim at House Republicans who passed a measure last week that would pay for extending the lower student loan rate by cutting from a health care fund that promotes preventive care . Obama and Senate Democrats want to pay the measure 's $ 6 billion cost by eliminating some corporate tax loopholes . In remarks almost identical to previous speeches to college students on the issue , Obama said America is not about a few people doing well while everyone else struggles . "  America 's about giving everybody a chance to do well , " he said to applause and cheers . "  That 's what makes it strong . That 's what the American dream 's all about . " He urged the audience members to tell their elected officials what they think , saying that "  your voice can make a difference . " "  When I look at your faces , it gives me confidence about our future , " the president said to loud cheers . "  I believe in you . " The White House warned last week that Obama would veto the student loan measure passed by House Republicans . The Senate will vote next week on its own version pushed by Democrats , and the two chambers are expected to then try to negotiate a compromise version .	Tweet your member of Congress , President Obama tells high school students Obama wants Congress to prevent interest rates on student loans from doubling The two parties disagree on how to pay for the move The Senate votes next week on a Democratic version
CNN  -- Following a CNN investigation , The University of Kentucky released some data on its pediatric heart surgery program , showing a 5.8 % overall mortality rate from 2008 to 2012 , slightly higher than the national average of less than 4 % mortality . The data was first requested in December 2012 by a local journalist , and again in January 2013 by the Kentucky Attorney General 's office . The University repeatedly declined to release the program 's mortality rate , saying that information would compromise patient privacy laws . The newly-released data shows that in 2012 , the year of the program 's suspension , the mortality rate climbed to 7.1 % , according to the University of Kentucky . Babies die ; hospital halts heart surgeries "  Anytime a question is raised about a clinical program or a patient 's care , we bring all involved parties together and review the situation and circumstances in a ` no holds barred ' manner , " wrote the University of Kentucky in a statement last Friday . "  Sometimes we even choose to put a program ` on hold , ' until we are certain that we are doing everything necessary to provide the highest level of care . This is what we did with our Pediatric Cardiothoracic Surgery program . " "  The mortality rates ranged from 4.5 percent to 7.1 percent . These ranges are comparable to national mortality rates averaging 5.3 percent for programs of similar size to ours , " says the University statement . Comparing oneself to programs of a similar size is n't good enough , says Tabitha Rainey . Smaller programs often have slightly higher mortality rates than largest programs . "  These smaller institutions want to go open these programs , but they do n't have all the correct measures to take care of these kids , and then they do n't want to explain , and they end up losing their kids rather than sending them to a bigger facility that 's more rehearsed in this , " says Rainey , who began a change.org petition asking the hospital to release their mortality outcomes . Mom : ` Mortality is a reality that we face every day ' Her son Waylon was born with a severe heart defect and was originally treated at the University of Kentucky before transferring to a higher-volume program at the University of Michigan . "  Before we did n't really know what a real cardiac unit looked like , until we went to Michigan . I went there and I was amazed , " Rainey said in an interview in May . If Kentucky re-opened , "  then they would not be equipped enough , because they do n't have the dedicated heart center for these kids . " After babies ' deaths , more scrutiny for Kentucky surgeon Rainey says parents like her appreciate that the hospital gave them an overall mortality rate , but that these are n't the only figures that parents wanted . Parents want to know outcomes for specific procedures she says . Other facilities like Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital , Texas Children 's Hospital , Boston Children 's Hospital , and others do publicize their outcomes by procedure and complexity . Citing patient privacy laws , the University of Kentucky says they still ca n't give parents that information . 10 ways to get your child the best heart surgeon "  The mixture of operations performed at various pediatric cardiac surgery programs can vary substantially , " said Dr. Jeffrey P. Jacobs , cardiovascular surgery specialist at Johns Hopkins Children 's Heart Surgery at All Children 's Hospital . "  Consequently , programmatic performance can not be properly assessed by comparison of overall unadjusted rates of mortality . The quality of care of a given program is best assessed by benchmarking specific risk adjusted outcomes to national aggregate data , " Jacobs said . "  Only then is it possible to truly assess the quality of care of a given program . " He added , "  Parents have the right to know the outcome of a given pediatric cardiac surgery program for the specific operation that their child needs . "	Following a CNN investigation the University of Kentucky released mortality data from pediatric heart surgery program The program has a 5.8 % overall mortality rate from 2008 to 2012 , slightly higher than the national average  4 % In 2012 the year the program was suspended the mortality rate was 7.1 %
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Deadly bombings in two London parks on July 20 , 1982 represented a dark day in the bloody conflict between Irish republicans and the British government -- now their legacy threatens to derail Northern Ireland 's hard-fought peace process . Eleven British soldiers -- some members of Queen Elizabeth II 's Household Cavalry regiment , others part of a military band -- died during blasts in Hyde Park and Regent 's Park . One of the men accused of being behind the Hyde Park attack -- believed to have been carried out by the Irish Republican Army  IRA  -- walked free this week after it emerged in court that he had a letter from the British government from 2007 -- the 25th anniversary of the bombings -- assuring him he did not face prosecution for IRA crimes . Prosecutors argued the letter was sent "  in error " to John Anthony Downey , 62 , and that authorities at the time had failed to register an outstanding warrant for his arrest in connection with the 1982 attack . Downey , who denies planting the bomb that killed four of the soldiers , was not the only one to be given immunity . Almost 200 other Irish republican terror suspects were too . Covert deal According to British media , 187 so-called "  comfort letters " were sent to suspected IRA terrorists such as Downey -- known as "  on the runs " -- who sought clarification about their status after a peace settlement in 1998 , known as the Good Friday Agreement , which brought the decades-long "  troubles " in Northern Ireland to an end . The letters were part of a covert deal struck between the British government and republicans -- who bitterly opposed British rule -- to ease the reconciliation process . Now the historic power-sharing government in Northern Ireland -- which brought unionists and republicans together -- appears in grave danger of collapsing . The top lawmaker in the administration , First Minister Peter Robinson , said it had been plunged into crisis over the deal allowing suspected terrorists to walk free . Robinson has threatened to resign , saying he had been kept in the dark over the years about the secret "  letters of assurance . " He said he only found out after the London court judgment . And he 's supposed to be in charge here . His partner in government , Martin McGuinness -- himself a former IRA commander -- urged him to pull back from the brink of bringing down the government . The nationalist Sinn Fein leader took to social media to say : "  My unionist colleagues need to calm down . We 've all come a long way . No sensible person will thank anyone for threatening the institutions . " British Secretary of State for Northern Ireland , Theresa Villiers , stressed the British government "  does not support amnesties for people wanted by the police in connection with terrorist offenses , " and that Downey "  was part of an administrative scheme for dealing with ` on-the-runs ' set up by the previous government . " She added that the government would be working with the police to identify whether there are other cases similar to that of Downey . Imperfect peace The tension is a sign of the times in Northern Ireland . There 's peace but an imperfect one . The bombings and sectarian murders have largely stopped , although small groupings of IRA dissidents continue to pose a threat . Pro-British paramilitary groups also remain active . Emotions continue to run high between the pro-British and pro-Irish communities over issues such as parades and the flying of the British Union flag . The parades are particularly controversial -- groups from both sides of the unionist/nationalist divide would claim they hold marches as a celebration of their culture , while critics would argue they are asserting their rights over communities across Northern Ireland . American diplomat Richard N. Haass was flown into Belfast to chair all-party talks last year in a bid to find a resolution to outstanding issues -- the talks ended without agreement . Marching season Through it all , the power-sharing administration at Stormont -- Northern Ireland 's Parliament Buildings -- in Belfast has held . The present-day political and economic challenges were being worked through . But the past has proved more difficult to deal with . And with elections on the horizon , compromise might not be viewed as a policy to win votes . Another controversial summer marching season looms with the prospect of violent clashes at disputed locations . The trouble tends to be confined to certain neighborhoods , mainly working class districts of Belfast . But the shockwaves can be felt across Northern Ireland . IRA dissidents lurk in the background desperate to launch attacks . Many victims of decades of paramilitary violence believe their voices are being ignored . Of course , there are many economic challenges too , with a sluggish economy and an unemployment rate above the UK average . It promises to be an interesting year in Northern Ireland . And while the politicians fight , the vast majority of people on both sides of the religious divide are united -- praying for peace .	1982 IRA bomb attacks on two London parks killed 11 British soldiers Suspect walks free , one of many terror suspects given immunity as part of peace process Northern Ireland 's top lawmaker has threatened to quit over these covert deals Fears this could break up historic power-sharing government and threaten peace
Washington  CNN  -- This year , despite the recession and record-high unemployment , Americans appear to be getting into the holiday spirit by starting to shop again . This is n't necessarily a bad thing given that consumer spending makes up more than two-thirds of the U.S. economy . Americans , however , should not go into debt to buy presents . Just as important , they need to start saving before they spend . It may sound like Scrooge to argue for saving during the holidays , but saving is essential if American families and the economy ever are to recover from the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression . Returning to business as usual without fundamentally recalibrating our household finances will just lead to the inflation of the next bubble . Easy credit helped get us into this mess , and credit cards and mortgages will be harder to come by from here on out . Americans are going to need savings to pay for emergency expenses or to make a down payment on a house . We 're also going to need them to pay for long-term expenses , such as the rising cost of college tuition for our kids and retirement . Increasing savings is also good for the economy as a whole . When the economy is healthy , banks lend the money we save back out to businesses that produce the goods and services that , in turn , help grow the economy and create jobs . As Americans ' savings rates declined over the past several decades , businesses and the government started borrowing more heavily from foreign countries , like China , to pay for these investments . But the cost of this borrowing is likely to rise and is not sustainable . We need more homegrown savings to fuel our economic growth . The past year has been a good one for savings , with the personal savings rate rising from near zero earlier in the decade to nearly 4 1/2 percent in October . But it seems that Americans are n't saving enough , and further action is needed to make sure that this becomes a habit and not just a temporary fad . A recent survey by the TNS group , with assistance from Harvard Business School and Dartmouth College , found that almost half the respondents could n't come up with $ 2,000 for an emergency in a month from savings , family or borrowing . These numbers are probably even worse for lower-income families who most need savings to fall back on . Another survey , by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , revealed that more than a quarter of Americans do not have a bank account or have one but prefer to use high-priced alternative financial services , such as check cashers and payday lenders instead . It difficult to start saving if you do n't even have an account or you 're paying exorbitant fees for basic financial services and products . Savings starts with individual behavior , but there are steps the government can and should take to help us do this . President Obama has proposed automatically signing up all workers for IRAs in the workplace along with expanding the Saver 's Credit , a tax credit that matches the retirement savings of low-income individuals . These are an excellent first steps , but if we are going to transform our financial habits , bolder action is required . Congress is discussing one such deal : Giving every child a savings account at birth with a small initial deposit . Every child would be able to start saving on Day One , gaining valuable financial education and building savings for college or a down payment on a home as they grow up . Improving the way Americans manage their personal finances will take time and an effort by individuals , government and business . The holiday season exemplifies our worst tendencies to overspend , so it 's the best place to make a stand . It starts with you and your pocketbook , but a little catchy marketing never hurt either . Move over Black Friday and Cyber Monday , it 's time for Piggybank Wednesday . The opinions in the commentary are solely those of David Newville .	David Newville : Americans are shopping again this season but should n't go into more debt Newville writes that the economy wo n't be refueled unless families start saving U.S. borrowed heavily from foreign nations when savings rates went down , he says Newville : Try more tax credits for savings , automatic IRAs , savings accounts for babies
Bacliff , Texas  CNN  -- Sitting on their front porch in this Houston suburb , Edmond Demiraj and his family seem the picture of a contented family . But the Department of Justice now wants to upend the family : threatening to deport his wife and 19-year-old son back to their native Albania , even though he says federal prosecutors a decade ago promised him help and a Green Card in exchange for Edmond 's promised testimony in a human smuggling case against a fellow Albanian immigrant . For the Demiraj family , they believe it will mean great harm , even death , for those deported . A decade ago , Edmond Demiraj  pronounced : dem-EAR-eye  was himself an illegal immigrant . He told CNN he had walked across the U.S. border from Mexico to Brownsville , Texas without any paperwork . He found work as a painter , he says , with a fellow Albanian named Bill Bedini . Not long afterwards , the Justice Department indicted Bedini , accusing him and others of running a human smuggling ring , bringing illegal aliens from Mexico into the United States . Demiraj was named in the original indictment but charges against him were later dropped . Attorneys for the Justice Department based in Houston wanted Demiraj to testify against Bedini . In exchange , Demiraj told CNN that prosecutors promised him and his family protection and promised him a Green Card , which would lead to citizenship . The offer , he says , was verbal and not on paper . "  I 'm ready to work for the U.S. government , whatever they need from me , " Demiraj told CNN . But Bedini entered a plea of not guilty , was granted bail and soon fled to Albania , according to the U.S. Marshal 's office in Houston . Federal prosecutors did n't need Demiraj 's testimony and handed him over to immigration officials , who quickly deported him as well . Within a few weeks back in his native Albania , Demiraj says , Bedini attacked him and tried to kill him . "  I was on my knees and he pointed the gun straight at me , " Demiraj told CNN . "  He shot me . " Demiraj says it was only luck that saved him . Neighbors , he said , heard the gunshot and came to his assistance . Bedini fled , leaving Demiraj with a bullet wound in his side and stomach . Demiraj also says Bedini forced three nieces into prostitution in Italy but they were eventually rescued . Demiraj returned once again to the United States , again he says entering illegally at Brownsville . This time , immigration agents apprehended him and he says he spent seven months in an immigration jail before being allowed to remain in the United States on temporary status . That was six years ago . Almost ever since his return to the United States , he says , federal prosecutors have tried to deport his wife , Rodina and son , Rediol , back to Albania . His two other smaller children were born in Texas and are legal residents . "  What do you think will happen to your wife and son if they back to Albania , ? " Demiraj was asked . "  Oh , they 're going to be killed . They are going to be killed , " he replied . One federal prosecutor agreed , saying in an appellate court argument that "  there is a possibility that Mrs. Demiraj will be persecuted " if she returns to Albania . Still , she added , "  She  Mrs. Demiraj  has n't met her legal burden when it comes to asylum . " Even despite the dangers for Rodina Demiraj , the Justice Department is pursuing deportation . The original assistant U.S. attorney who offered Edmond Demiraj a Green Card and , according to him , protection will not comment to CNN . She is Marina Garcia Marmojelo , now nominated by President Barack Obama to be a federal judge . The only official comment to CNN from Justice is this : "  The department is not aware of any promises of physical protection ever made to Mr. Demiraj or his family . Notwithstanding this fact , we have been  in  active discussions with counsel for the Demiraj family for some time . " Demiraj 's lawyers are outraged . "  This is just a shameful display of how the U.S. government will use people who they need to keep us safe and then cavalierly discard them when they are no longer of use to them , " said Josh Rosenkranz , a New York City attorney whose firm is now representing the family . Edmond Demiraj says he will never let his wife and son return to Albania . "  I do n't know what I am going to do , " he told CNN . "  But I am not going to let them go . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Edmond Demiraj says he is still ready to help prosecutors The Justice Department wants to deport his wife and son He was almost killed when sent back to Albania He feels his family will be killed if they go back
Minneapolis , Minnesota  CNN  -- Jason Gerling always knew he would make a major impact as a musician . An accomplished drummer , he was at the top of the local music scene in 1994 , winning local drumming competitions and performing regularly at hot spots in the Twin Cities . He was 23 years old , and planned to move to New York , or perhaps Nashville , to launch his music career . Then one night , everything changed . Heading home from a late night gig , Gerling fell asleep at the wheel . "  The car flipped over five or six times , that 's what they told me , " he said . "  They said I looked like something out of a horror movie ... They had to use the jaws of life to snip through the car doors to get me out . " He was lucky to be alive . But then came the bad news . " -LSB- The doctors -RSB- said ` you 're probably never going to walk and probably never going to play the drums again , ' " he remembered . "  It was like a nuclear bomb was dropped on my life . I thought my career was over . " The accident had left him paralyzed from the chest down . Gerling refused to give up his passion from drumming . Within a few years , he regained the use of his arms . But he never got back the use of his legs . To this day , Gerling remains in a wheelchair . That has hampered his ability to play a drum set which requires a foot pedal to operate the bass drum and the hi-hat cymbal . For a while , he got by with a special setup that triggered a bass drum noise when he hit a certain pad with a drumstick . That did n't cut it for Gerling . So he invented a system that allows him to trigger a bass drum sound while continuing to play the snares , cymbals , and the rest of the drum set . Gerling uses a mouthpiece trigger provided to him by Origin Instruments , a company with a line of products aimed at helping people with disabilities -- particularly quadriplegics -- operate computers . Gerling rigged the mouthpiece to control tiny rubber sensors under each cymbal . Anytime he sucks on the mouthpiece while simultaneously hitting one of the cymbals , a bass drum noise is triggered from a small subwoofer situated directly inside the bass drum casing . He can move the sensors under any of part of the drum set . "  This is over 10 years in the making , " he said , smiling behind his state-of-the-art drum set . Despite his hard work , Gerling said he has no desire to patent his invention . "  If people want to know how to build their own triggers , then , by golly , they can just contact me , " he said . "  I 'll give them the information for free . Encouragement should n't come at a price . " One glance at Gerling 's Facebook inbox reveals a worldwide fan base many of whom are exactly that : encouraged . He reads over one letter from someone who had their legs amputated last year : "  Thanks for being my inspiration . " Another one reads , "  I 'm back playing rock and roll , using some of your techniques . Thanks for being my inspiration . " Another fan writes , "  Thanks for your effort in helping change the paradigm in the music industry . " That particular "  thank you " note is special for Gerling . Getting the music industry to include more disabled musicians -- to look "  between the wheels " of his wheelchair as he puts it -- is exactly what he aims to do . "  There 's so many musicians who are disabled who do n't get the chance to play live , " he said . "  So I want to tell them to knock on doors and encourage the music industry to be willing to hire a person with a disability . " And he seems to be on his way . On April 28 , Gerling debuted his mouthpiece technology -- accompanied digitally by music he composed himself -- for the very first time during a private event at Minneapolis ' famous Guthrie Theatre . To him , it was his first step to getting back on the road , doing what he loves more than anything , and at the same time urging others in similar situations to pursue their dreams and change the world . Not surprisingly , the evening was capped off with a standing ovation . Now that he 's made his invention public , Gerling said he plans to show others how to create the technology through "  innovative drumming clinics " that could grow into a music tour with other artists . "  People need encouragement , " Gerling said , "  and if I can be in the position to help someone else , that 's just an honor you ca n't take lightly . "	A car accident in 1994 left drummer Jason Gerling a quadriplegic Gerling used a set-up that required him to hit a pad to trigger the bass drum and hi-hat cymbal , normally controlled by the feet That took away from his drumming , so he invented a way to trigger the bass and hi-hat using a mouthpiece He debuted his invention at an April concert in Minneapolis
The Higgs boson , or the "  God particle , " which was discovered last year , garnered two physicists the Nobel Prize in physics on Tuesday , but it did n't go to the scientists who detected it . Nearly 50 years ago , Francois Englert of Belgium and Peter Higgs of the United Kingdom had the foresight to predict that the particle existed . Now , the octogenarian pair share the Nobel Prize in physics in recognition of a theoretical brilliance that was vindicated by the particle 's discovery last year . The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences awarded the prize to them . Higgs and Englert 's theories behind the elusive Higgs boson explained what gives matter its mass . The universe is filled with Higgs bosons . As atoms and parts of atoms zoom around , they interact with and attract Higgs bosons , which cluster around them in varying numbers . Certain particles will attract larger clusters of Higgs bosons , and the more of them a particle attracts , the greater its mass will be . The explanation helped complete scientists ' understanding of the nature of all matter . "  The awarded theory is a central part of the Standard Model of particle physics that describes how the world is constructed , " the Royal Swedish Academy said in a post on Twitter . As is tradition , the academy phoned the scientists during the announcement to inform them of their win . They were unable to reach Higgs , for whom the particle is named . The conversation with Englert was short and sweet . "  I feel very well , of course , " he said , when he heard the news . "  Now , I 'm very happy . " What is the Higgs boson and why is it important ? The discoverers When the Nobel announcement came down , the Higgs boson 's discoverers in Geneva , Switzerland , broke out the champagne , said lead physicist Joe Incandela . "  The place erupted into applause . " There must have been over 100 people in the room at CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research , he said . Many of them were American scientists . About one quarter of the physicists involved in the discovery came from the United States . The researchers felt equally recognized alongside the Nobel recipients . They were not expecting to receive the prize themselves . That would have been atypical . It goes more often to those involved on the theoretical side and not on the experimental side , Incandela said . But it did n't matter . "  We 're extremely happy with that , " he said . "  I 'm elated . We feel that we 've been recognized . " The fact that the prize was awarded to the theorists so soon after the particle 's existence was detected by experimenters is a confirmation of the value of their contribution , Incandela said . The discovery The July 2012 discovery of the Higgs boson in the most powerful particle accelerator in the world , the Large Hadron Collider at CERN , has been billed as one of the biggest scientific achievements of the past 50 years . But the Royal Academy passed over the Higgs boson last year , to the surprise of many . The scientists , in the meantime , have confirmed their discovery and solidified its place in science . On March 14 , what would have been Albert Einstein 's birthday , they announced that , over time , the particle they found looked even more like the Higgs boson they had been chasing for almost 50 years . It was a landmark scientific advancement , and it was a first . Many scientists dislike the term "  God particle , " even though it 's become popular in the media . The nickname came from the title of a book by Leon Lederman , who reportedly wanted to call it the "  Goddamn Particle " since it was so hard to find . The Nobel Prize in physics makes a nice lifetime achievement award for Englert and Higgs . Both are professors emeritus : Englert at the Free University of Brussels ; Higgs at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland . Though deserving , they are lucky , as the Royal Academy had a long list of brilliant scientists and achievements to choose from . And the field of physics covers a virtually infinite scale , from beyond the smallest sub-atomic particles to the largest , most distant stars and quasars in the vast reaches of the universe . Last year 's winners Last year 's prize to Serge Haroche and David J. Wineland rewarded work in the field of quantum optics . It could lead the way to superfast computers and and the most precise clocks ever seen . The two approached the same principles from opposite directions . The American used light particles to measure the properties of matter , while his French colleague focused on tracking light particles by using atoms . Both Nobel laureates found ways to isolate the subatomic particles and keep their properties intact at the same time . Prior to the breakthrough , such particles quickly interacted with matter , which changed their qualities and rendered them unobservable . That left scientists stuck doing a lot of guesswork . Past and future Nobels Since 1901 , the committee has handed out the Nobel Prize in physics 107 times , including this year 's award . The youngest recipient was Lawrence Bragg , who won in 1915 at the age of 25 . Bragg is not only the youngest physics laureate ; he is also the youngest laureate in any Nobel Prize area . The oldest physics laureate was Raymond Davis Jr. , who was 88 years old when he was awarded the prize in 2002 . John Bardeen was the only physicist to receive the prize twice , for work in semiconductors and superconductivity . Two Americans and a German shared the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine this year . Americans James E. Rothman and Randy W. Schekman and German Thomas C. Sudhof were awarded the prize Monday for discoveries of how the body 's cells decide when and where to deliver the molecules they produce . Disruptions of this delivery system contribute to diabetes , neurological diseases and immunological disorders . In the coming days , prize committees will announce the laureates in chemistry , literature , peace and economics . Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel created the prizes in 1895 to honor work in physics , chemistry , literature and peace . The first economics prize was awarded in 1969 . Nobel medical prize goes to 2 Americans , 1 German Follow @CNNLightYears on Twitter for more science news updates	Francois Englert and Peter Higgs are awarded the Nobel Prize in physics The Higgs boson is what gives all matter its mass and is a central part of scientific theory The July 2012 discovery of the particle is billed as one of the biggest scientific achievements
CNN  Was it the alleged smoking gun ? Four weeks into testimony against murder suspect Aaron Hernandez , the prosecution is beginning to link together certain elements of the case against the former New England Patriot . In a Massachusetts court Tuesday , during testimony by one of three cleaning ladies in the Hernandez household , prosecutors showed video of Hernandez 's fiancee , Shayanna Jenkins , taking a trash bag from the house and placing it in the trunk of her sister 's car . Her sister , Shaneah Jenkins , was the girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd , a semipro football player , at the time of his murder . Lloyd , 27 , was shot once in the back and six times in the front in June 2013 , with the final two bullets fired as he lay face up , according to the medical examiner . Hernandez has pleaded not guilty . The murder weapon has not been found . Aaron Hernandez 's downward spiral In the video shown to the jury Tuesday , Jenkins appears to walk out the back patio door of the Hernandez home carrying a heavy , black trash bag . At one point , she puts it down , and places a pile of clothes into the bag , picks it up again , and goes to the garage . One of her maids then moves a white van out of the way to clear a path for Jenkins . Jenkins then hoists the bag into the trunk of her sister 's car . Prosecutors allege Jenkins may have been following instructions from Hernandez to get rid of the murder weapon from their home by removing the gun inside a box , putting it in a black trash bag , and borrowing her sister 's car to dispose of the bag in a dumpster . According to court documents , Jenkins does n't remember where she took the bag . Jenkins , who was Hernandez 's high school sweetheart , has pleaded not guilty to charges of lying to a grand jury several times about the presence of guns in the couple 's North Attleboro home , among other issues . She could face jail time if found guilty of perjury . She has pleaded not guilty . In an effort to prevent her from pleading the Fifth Amendment against self-incrimination , prosecutors have granted Jenkins immunity , compelling her to testify when they call her as witness in Lloyd 's murder . Prosecutors allege that on the day after Lloyd was killed , Jenkins got a coded text message from Hernandez . Hernandez asked Jenkins to get something out of their basement , according to search warrants . "  Go ... in back of the screen in movie room when u  sic  get home an  sic  there is a box ... jus  sic  in case u were looking for it !!! Member  sic  how you ruined the big tv ... WAS JUST THINKIN bout that lol wink wink love u TTYL ... K " TTYL is shorthand for "  talk to you later . " In court , jurors have been shown stills from another home surveillance video in the home . Referring to the pictures , Shaneah Jenkins described how her sister carried a trash bag to the basement . Prosecutors allege Jenkins placed the gun inside the garbage bag , covered it with children 's clothing , and carried it to the car before driving away . Shayanna Jenkins borrowed her sister 's car to dispose of the bag -- something her sister told investigators she had never done before . When Jenkins returned home , she was captured on the same security system , but without the bag . Jenkins told a grand jury she threw it in a dumpster , but could n't remember where , according to prosecutors . Prosecutors suspect the still-missing murder weapon was inside . Hernandez 's lawyers have argued there 's no way of knowing what was in the box . "  I mean , who knows ? " Hernandez co-counsel Jamie Sultan told the court in 2014 . "  It could be drugs . It could be something that was connected to this crime that he knew about , that he was covering up for somebody else after the fact . There are all kinds of possibilities . "	Prosecution begins to tie together elements in case against Aaron Hernandez A surveillance video before jury shows ex-football player 's fiancee carrying heavy bag
CNN  -- U.N. aid agencies are assisting in relief efforts in southeastern Pakistan after flooding caused by heavy rains killed almost 200 people and destroyed or damaged more than one million homes , the United Nations said . About 200,000 people have been displaced by the flooding and need immediate assistance , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said in a statement released Saturday . Joint U.N.-Pakistani teams are on the ground in the region to assess the damage , said Timo Pakkala , the U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator in Pakistan . The teams are "  seeing first hand today the devastation and vast amount of flood water in Sindh , " Pakkala said . Torrential rains during the annual monsoon season have inundated an estimated 4.2 million acres of land , the U.N. said . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	U.N. humanitarian relief efforts are underway in southeastern Pakistan About 200,000 people need immediate help , the United Nations says
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama 's senior economic adviser said Sunday the government was delaying a report to Congress in order to provide more time to address China 's alleged currency manipulation . Lawrence Summers , director of the National Economic Council , told the CNN program "  State of the Union " that major international meetings coming up , including a G-20 economic gathering that will include China , provide the opportunity to resolve trade differences that could be exacerbated if the exchange-rate report were released on April 15 as scheduled . Summers said the upcoming meetings offer opportunities to engage China and other countries that have large trade surpluses with the United States . U.S Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner announced the delay of the report to Congress on Saturday . Many lawmakers had hoped the report would publicly admonish China for allegedly manipulating its currency to the detriment of the United States . Geithner , explaining the delay , said the upcoming meetings are "  the best avenue for advancing U.S. interests at this time . " On Sunday , Summers denied that the delayed report had any connection to the U.S. desire for China to support tougher sanctions against Iran over the Tehran government 's refusal to comply with international regulations regarding its nuclear energy program . His comment was in response to a question on the ABC program "  This Week . " China has opposed more sanctions , but last week signaled a willingness to negotiate the issue within the U.N. Security Council , according to Susan Rice , the U.S. permanent representative to the United Nations . Lawmakers from both parties have called on the Obama administration to speak out against China 's refusal to let its currency appreciate . China has kept its yuan at about 6.83 to the dollar for almost two years . Many U.S. economists say the currency is undervalued by as much as 40 percent . Keeping its currency low makes China 's goods cheaper on the world market and more likely to be purchased by other countries . But , analysts say , it hurts American businesses , which can not compete . Some analysts have argued that this is costing the United States 1.5 million jobs and impeding the country 's economic recovery . "  Everyone knows China is manipulating the value of its currency to gain an unfair advantage in international trade , " said Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley , adding he was disappointed in the treasury secretary 's decision . "  If we want the Chinese to take us seriously , we need to be willing to say so in public , " said Grassley , the ranking Republican member of the Senate Finance Committee . "  The past few years have proven that denying the problem does n't solve anything . " Chinese officials have insisted the United States is using Beijing as a scapegoat for its own economic problems . "  The Chinese government will not succumb to foreign pressure to adjust our exchange rates , " said Zhong Shan , vice minister of commerce , late last month . Premier Wen Jiabao has been equally stern in his response . "  We oppose the practice of finger-pointing among countries or strong-arm measures to force other countries to appreciate currencies , " he told reporters last month . In his statement , Geithner acknowledged China has maintained an "  inflexible exchange rate . " "  A move by China to a more market-oriented exchange rate will make an essential contribution to global rebalancing , " he said . Rep. Sander Levin , chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , said the delay was meant to see if the international community can address the issue in the coming months . "  If the multilateral effort does not result in China 's making significant changes , the administration and Congress will have no choice but to take appropriate action , " said Levin , a Democratic lawmaker from Michigan .	Economic adviser Lawrence Summers wants to give China more time Critics argue China keeps currency low , hurting American businesses U.S. Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner announced delay of currency report Geithner admits China has maintained an "  inflexible exchange rate "
CNN  Latest developments : • One of the pilots on board Germanwings Flight 9525 was locked out of the cockpit when the plane crashed , a senior military official told The New York Times Wednesday , citing evidence from the cockpit voice recorder . • Lufthansa , the parent company of Germanwings , said "  we have no information from the bodies investigating the incident that would corroborate the report in The New York Times . We will not participate in speculation , but we will follow up on the matter . " • Helicopters have airlifted some victims ' remains from the site of the Germanwings plane crash in the French Alps , the Gendarmerie said Wednesday , according to CNN affiliate France 2 . Full story : Investigators trying to determine what caused the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 have made a startling discovery in an audio recording , according to a New York Times report : One of the plane 's pilots was locked out of the cockpit before the crash . "  You can hear he is trying to smash the door down , " a senior military official involved in the investigation told the newspaper , describing audio from the cockpit voice recorder , one of the plane 's black boxes . "  We do n't know yet the reason why one of the guys went out , " the official said , according to the Times ' report . "  But what is sure is that at the very end of the flight , the other pilot is alone and does not open the door . " Lufthansa , the parent company of Germanwings , said it was looking into the report . "  We have no information from the bodies investigating the incident that would corroborate the report in the New York Times , " spokesman Boris Ogursky said . "  We will not participate in speculation , but we will follow up on the matter . " The Times ' report is a "  terribly shocking revelation , " CNN aviation analyst Peter Goelz said . But he and other experts cautioned that it 's still unclear what could have been going on inside the cockpit . Possibilities range from a medical emergency to something more nefarious , like a suicide mission , CNN aviation analysts said . Officials previously said that had n't ruled out terrorism , but it seems unlikely . French authorities revealed earlier Wednesday that they 'd been able to access audio from the recorder , even though its external casing was damaged . But they disclosed few details about what the recording actually contained , saying only that there was one audio channel with voices on it that went all the way up to the time of the crash . "  It is too early to draw conclusions to what happened , " said Remi Jouty , head of the BEA , the French aviation investigative arm leading the probe . "  There is going to be detailed work performed on that audio file to understand and interpret the sounds and the voices that can be heard . " Finding the plane 's second black box will also be critical to understanding the mystery of what went on inside the jet . That box , the flight data recorder , has n't been found yet , but Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr said Wednesday that there 's a high probability it will be . Investigators scoured dangerous terrain in the French Alps as they searched for clues in the wreckage . Workers dropped to the crash site from helicopters , Jouty said , and had to be tied together because the steep area in the mountains is so treacherous . Spohr said Tuesday 's plane crash "  represents the darkest hours " in the history of his company , which owns Germanwings . Officials are struggling to understand how an airplane that "  was in perfect technical condition " with two experienced pilots "  was involved in such a terrible accident , " he said . But even worse , he said , is seeing the heartbreak of the relatives and friends of the victims who perished in the crash . "  What they have gone through is , of course , incomprehensible , " he said , describing what he said was an emotional meeting between the relatives and airline executives Wednesday . And now , he said , the company 's focus will be taking care of them . Special Lufthansa flights will take relatives and friends of victims to southern France on Thursday , so they can be near the search scene , he said . "  We need to understand what happened , " French President Francois Hollande said . "  We owe that to the families . " The doomed flight was traveling from Barcelona , Spain , to Dusseldorf , Germany , when it crashed Tuesday in the French Alps . Germanwings said the plane reached its cruising altitude of 38,000 feet , and then dropped for about eight minutes . The plane lost contact with French radar at a height of about 6,000 feet . Then it crashed . There were 150 people from 18 countries on board . Mother , daughter from Virginia among the victims Teams have begun the daunting task of identifying the victims ' bodies , but caution that it could take time to complete . Investigators are still trying to piece together what caused the crash . Jouty , the head of the investigation team , said the debris suggests the plane hit the ground and then broke apart , instead of exploding in flight . Radar followed the plane "  virtually to the point of impact " in the Alps in southern France , Jouty said . The flight 's last altitude recorded by radar was just over 6,000 feet . FBI agents based in France , Germany and Spain are looking through intelligence sources and cross referencing the passenger manifest of Germanwings Flight 9525 , two senior law enforcement officials said . So far , their search has n't turned up anything that "  stands out " or anything linking the passengers to criminal activity , according to one official . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Rene Marsh , Nic Robertson , Pierre Meilhan , Richard Quest , Holly Yan , Laura Smith-Spark , Greg Botelho , Mariano Castillo , Hala Gorani , Elwyn Lopez , Laura Akhoun , Stephanie Halasz , Lindsay Isaac , Karl Penhaul , Marilia Brocchetto , Vasco Cotovio , Alexander Felton , Erin McLaughlin and Pamela Brown contributed to this report .	Lufthansa : We have no information to corroborate the New York Times report Report : Audio recording includes sounds of pilot trying to smash down cockpit door Teams are still searching for the flight data recorder
AOL Autos  -- Consumer Reports recently announced its annual used cars ratings , and we were n't surprised to see one of the major categories was "  Best in Fuel Economy . " With gasoline and oil prices on a seemingly endless upward spiral , that 's a key factor these days when choosing a used car -- or even a new one . The cars that made this list were , according to Consumer Reports , "  the affordable and reliable vehicles -LSB- that -RSB- returned some of the best results in our real-world fuel-economy tests . " What follows is a list of the vehicles that magazine rated "  Best in Fuel Economy " in the under $ 10,000 price range , with a short description of each vehicle . The mileage figures stated are the ones calculated by Consumer Reports in their own on-the-road tests . 2000 Honda Insight Overall MPG : 51 When the Insight hit showrooms in 1999 for the 2000 model year , it was hailed as one of the cleanest and most fuel-efficient vehicles in the world . It was the first gasoline-electric hybrid to be sold in the U.S. , and won several design , engineering and technology awards . The Insight employs Honda 's Integrated Motor Assist  IMA  system , combining an extremely lightweight 1.0-liter , three-cylinder gasoline automobile engine with an ultra-thin electric motor . Early models came with a 5-speed manual transmission , but a continuously variable transmission  CVT  was offered starting in ' 01 . 2001 - 2002 Toyota Prius Overall MPG : 41 This was one of the earliest generations of the fuel-sipping Prius , and it certainly has become a green living icon since then . Drawing its power from a combination of a 1.5-liter four-cylinder engine and an electric motor , these earlier editions generated only 70 hp , but muscle is n't the point in a hybrid car . It 's pod-like design had a certain retro-futuristic appeal , and was roomier than one might think . 2000 - 2005 Toyota Echo Overall MPG : 38 The Echo was rolled out in 2000 as a no-frills compact econo-box , for those who wanted Toyota quality but were on a budget that precluded them from snagging a Corolla . The interior is plain , but the engine is reliable and efficient , and the taut suspension delivers a ride comparable to larger models . This version of the Echo comes with a 1.5-liter four-cylinder 108-hp 16-Valve EFI engine . 1998 - 2002 Chevrolet Prizm Overall MPG : 32 The Prizm of this era bore some resemblance to the Corolla , since both were built on the same assembly line in a joint GM/Toyota plant . A front-wheel-drive subcompact sedan , the Prizm was initially rolled out under the Geo nameplate , but later became a Chevy model . Available as a base model and LSi , the Prizm is powered by single twin-cam four-cylinder engines that produced 120 hp in 1998 and 1999 , but the addition of VVT in 2000 boosted the ponies to 125 . 1998 Mazda Protégé LX Overall MPG : 32 Mazda redesigned the Protégé in 1995 , upgrading it considerably with a more rigid chassis and much-improved ride quality -- not to mention increased interior space . This edition also offers a silkier ride , crisp handling and solid performance for a small car . This model year has a 92-hp 1.5-liter four-cylinder engine , and comes in three trim levels . 1998 - 2000 Toyota Corolla CE/LE Overall MPG : 32/31 The Corolla has been a stalwart for more than 40 years , for its quality , dependability and , maybe most importantly , for its fuel economy . The 1998-1999 editions are powered by a 1.8 L , 120-hp , four-cylinder 16-Valve EFI , with aluminum alloy block and head . By 2000 , they 'd tweaked the engine to deliver 125 ponies . A front-wheel drive job , the Corollas of this period come in three trim levels , but Consumer Reports chose the midline CE and top-end LE . 1998 - 2001 Acura Integra LS Overall MPG : 32 The Acura Integra sport coupe and sport sedan lineups have always been standard-bearers for innovative technology , craftsmanship , and exhilarating performance . It was the top-selling automobile in its segment from 1994 - 1998 . It is available on five sport-coupe trim levels and three sport - sedan trims . The Intergra LS came with a 1.8-liter , 140-hp engine , automatic transmission is optional . 2004 - 2005 Scion xA Overall MPG : 31/30 The Scion xA 's body lines are rounder and more sculpted than the distinctly boxy shape of its xB cousin , but it 's just as well-constructed and just as comfy inside . Low maintenance costs are a big selling point , as is the taut ride . A 1.5-liter , 108-hp 16-valve four-cylinder comes standard on the 2004 - 2005 , along with a five-speed manual transmission , and an automatic transmission was optional .	The 2000 Honda Insight was the first gasoline-electric hybrid sold in the U.S. The Chevy Prizm was initially rolled out under the Geo nameplate 2001-2002 Prius has become a green living icon The 1998 - 2000 Corolla has been a stalwart for more than 40 years
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Clashes between Shiite militias left dozens of people dead and hundreds wounded in Karbala and Baghdad , prompting Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr on Tuesday to call for calm , his spokesman said . Iraqi special forces patrol Karbala on Monday as thousands of Shiite pilgrims stream into the holy city . A curfew and weapons ban were in effect and Shiite pilgrims were evacuated from the southern Iraqi city of Karbala , where fighting has killed up to 50 people and wounded 247 others , the Iraqi Interior Ministry said . The Iraqi Army had taken control of the city by early Wednesday , Iraq 's national security adviser said . "  The situation is quiet now , but nervous and tense , " Mowaffaq al-Rubaie said in a phone call from Karbala . Referring to the clashes in Karbala and Baghdad , he said , "  They are potentially dangerous and can develop into something more serious . " The violence erupted Monday night in Karbala , where hundreds of thousands of pilgrims were attending a Shiite religious festival . The fighting spread to Baghdad on Tuesday . Watch how the fighting began " Five people were killed in Baghdad , where al-Sadr 's followers torched six offices belonging to the Supreme Islamic Council of Iraq , authorities said . Al-Sadr has called for calm , banned further fighting and urged members of the Mehdi Army militia to guard the Islamic Council offices and officials , according to Sheikh Ahmed al-Shibani , a senior al-Sadr aide in Najaf . Al-Sadr also called for an investigation into the clashes and for those behind the attacks to be punished , his spokesman said . The attacks were accompanied by fighting between the Badr Organization and the Mehdi Army . The Badr Organization , part of the Supreme Islamic Council of Iraq , has been incorporated into Iraqi security forces throughout the country . The Mehdi Army is the militia of al-Sadr . In Sadr City , where two of the political offices were burned , the Iraqi army called in reinforcements and air support while battling the Mehdi Army , an Interior Ministry official said . The Mehdi Army also set fire to the Dawa Party 's office in Kadhimiya , an Interior Ministry official said . Prime Minister Nuri Al-Maliki is a member of the Dawa Party . Shiite pilgrims in Karbala were celebrating Sha'abaniya , the birthday of Imam al-Mehdi , the 12th Imam , whom Shiites revere . The celebrations were to peak Tuesday and Wednesday . The pilgrims in Karbala were evacuated from the city center , and a full curfew was imposed , said Brig. Gen. Abdul Kareem Khalaf , an Interior Ministry spokesman . There is also a ban on bicycles , motorbikes and pushcarts . A curfew also was in effect in nearby Najaf , a Shiite holy city to which many pilgrims fled after the Karbala fighting began , Najaf police said . The fighting was apparently spurred by a security measure that banned people from carrying weapons into Karbala , an Interior Ministry official said . The al-Sadr loyalists refused to give up their guns , leading to clashes between the Sadrist fighters and security forces protecting the shrines , an Interior Ministry official said . The Mehdi fighters have accused the security forces of being members of the Badr Organization . Pilgrims and members of the security forces are among the casualties . Local officials convened Tuesday to discuss how to defuse the situation . Tensions have been high between the armed wings of the major Shiite political movements . Targeted assassinations and battles between the Badr Organization and Mehdi Army have been prevalent in recent months . Other developments : • A deputy oil minister and four other kidnapped employees of the Iraqi Oil Ministry were freed Tuesday after two weeks in captivity , the oil ministry said . The deputy oil minister , Abdul Jabber al-Wagga , and the four general managers are in good health and have returned home , the ministry said . • Several hundred U.S. and Iraqi troops converged on Iraq 's Diyala province , killing 33 insurgents and restoring a city 's water service , the U.S. military said . The troops carried out an air assault Monday in the Gobia community to restore water in nearby Khalis . The military said "  water is currently flowing unimpeded . " • A suicide bomber detonated an explosive vest Monday in the courtyard of a mosque in Falluja , killing 12 people , including an imam known for speaking out against Iraqi militants , an Interior Ministry official said . Two of his sons also were killed in the blast , according to the official . • Coalition forces "  killed eight terrorists and detained 11 suspected terrorists " during raids targeting al Qaeda in Iraq leaders , the military said Tuesday . The raids , spanning two provinces northeast of Tikrit , targeted a senior-level adviser with links to international terrorist Khalid al-Turki , the military said . Al-Turki was killed during a June 23 operation . • A "  highly sought weapons facilitator " was arrested Tuesday in Baghdad , the military said . The individual is suspected of distributing bombs and smuggling weapons from Iran to Iraq , the military said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Yousif Bassil and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Up to 50 people killed and 247 others wounded in Karbala clashes Fighting spreads to Baghdad ; Mehdi Army torches offices , official says Tensions high between Shiite militias during religious celebration
CNN  -- Former world number one Tiger Woods insists he will not rush his recovery from a knee injury , casting doubt over the 14-time major champion 's participation in next month 's British Open . Woods has not played since he withdrew from the Players Championship in May , and is a doubt for golf 's oldest major -- which is due to start at Royal St. George 's in England on July 14 . The American has been hampered by injuries since he returned to the sport following problems in his personal life and a self-imposed exile from the sport in early 2010 . "  I 'm setting no timetable , which is very different for me , " the 35-year-old told the PGA Tour 's official web site . "  I 've played hurt before . I 've played through injuries , I 've played in pain . Unfortunately I pushed it too hard and hurt myself , and this time around I 'm not going to do that again . " Now ranked 17th , he has not claimed one of golf 's four major championships since the 2008 U.S. Open , when he played on despite breaking his leg , and last won a tournament at the 2009 Australian Masters . "  All the years of playing when my knee was n't very good and playing through it , unfortunately I broke my leg and still played , " said Woods . Despite his loss of form and slide down the world rankings , Woods is still confident in his ability to beat Jack Nicklaus ' record of 18 major wins . "  He won when he was 46 , right ? I 've still got some time . I 'm 35 , I 'm not 65 . I 've still got some years ahead of me . Golf is unlike any other sport , " Woods said . He cited Tom Watson 's performance at the 2009 British Open , where the veteran American lost out in a playoff for the Claret Jug to compatriot Stewart Cink , as an example of how age is not necessarily a barrier to success . "  I mean , Watson was , what , 59 years old when he almost won ? We can play for a very long time . " Woods has won the British Open three times -- at Scotland 's St. Andrews in 2000 and 2005 , then at Hoylake in 2006 . The tournament is returning to Sandwich in south-east England for the first time since 2003 , when American Ben Curtis was a shock victor in his debut appearance at a major event .	Tiger Woods is unsure whether he will play in July 's British Open tournament The former world number one has been out since he withdrew from Players Championship The 14-time major winner is refusing to set a date for his comeback from a knee injury He has won the British Open on three occasions , but not since 2006
CNN  -- Uruguay star Diego Forlan said Monday that he is leaving Atletico Madrid and is set to join Serie A Inter Milan . Forlan , who scored two goals in the final as his country lifted the Copa America this summer , has been with Atletico since 2007 , but a posting on the club 's official website confirmed his departure . Forlan , who appeared at a news conference with Atletico president Enrique Cerezo , said the La Liga club would always be in his heart . But added : "  At the age of 33 , going to a club like Inter is not an opportunity that comes up often . "  I am happy with the decision that I have taken , it is normal that some players come and others go , " Forlan added . Atletico have set up a special Twitter hash tag so their fans could pay tribute to Forlan , who scored 74 goals in 134 appearances for the club . He will replace Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o , who joined Russian side Anzhi Makhachkala from Inter on a massive three-year contract . Forlan , the player of the tournament at the 2010 World Cup , will sign a two-year deal with the Italian giants , Spanish media reported . Inter have also signed Italian Under-21 midfielder Andrea Poli from relegated Sampdoria , the Serie A club announced on their official website Monday . Poli impressed for Samp last season , despite their demotion to Serie B and is rated one of the most promising young players in Italy . In other transfer news Monday , Paraguay 's Roque Santa Cruz has left Manchester City to join La Liga Real Betis on a season-long loan deal . The 30-year-old Santa Cruz has fallen further down the pecking order at City with the arrival of Sergio Aguero from Atletico Madrid . Chelsea midfielder Yossi Benayoun looks set to leave Stamford Bridge , with Arsenal one of the club 's linked with the Israeli star . Benayoun used his Twitter blog to reveal his intentions . "  Negotiation with several team ... news soon , " tweeted the 31-year-old .	Atletico Madrid star Diego Forlan confirms he is leaving La Liga side Forlan pays tribute to Atletico but says he can not turn down opportunity at Inter Milan Roque Santa Cruz joins Real Betis on loan from Manchester City Yossi Benayoun reveals he is talking to several teams over a move from Chelsea
Washington  CNN  -- A March 16 referendum on whether the Crimea Peninsula should rejoin Russia has become the focus of the Ukraine crisis . Like nearly every aspect of the conflict , the vote planned by Crimea 's regional parliament evokes widely differing interpretations of its legitimacy and importance . Here are some of the biggest questions about the issue , with a look at how key players are weighing in : 1  What is the Crimean referendum ? Voters in the autonomous Ukrainian region of about 2 million people will choose between remaining part of the former Soviet territory or becoming part of neighboring Russia . The referendum follows the lightning chain of events in Ukraine in previous weeks that included increasingly violent protests against the government , the country 's pro-Russian President fleeing across the border , and then Russian troops seizing what amounts to military control of Crimea -- where Russia 's Black Sea fleet is based . By unanimously backing the referendum , the Crimean parliament signaled the intentions of regional leaders as well as Russia to restore the territory to Moscow 's control . Ukraine 's interim government insists Crimea is part of the country , a stance supported by the United States and its European allies . Disturbing tales emerge from Crimea 2  Is it legal ? Depends on who you ask . In the Ukraine , the interim government rejects the referendum as unconstitutional , while many in the pro-Russian Crimea region desire the chance to again align with Moscow . Russia says the political upheaval in Ukraine that forced out President Viktor Yanukovych ended the Kiev government 's constitutional authority . After a phone conversation Thursday between President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin , the Kremlin said Putin made the point in the call that the ousting of Yanukovych was an "  anti-constitutional coup . " Now , it says , the people of Crimea should have the right to decide their future in the same way as other autonomous regions , such as Kosovo 's breakaway from Serbia . Obama , however , declared Thursday that "  the proposed referendum on the future of Crimea would violate the Ukrainian constitution and violate international law . " Samantha Power , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , told CNN on Thursday that the Ukrainian constitution requires territorial referendums to be held "  across the entirety of Ukraine and not just in a sub-region like this . " She argued that Yanukovych fled on his own volition , and that constitutional authority agreed to in a February 21 deal he reached with opposition leaders and European envoys remained in effect . Under that agreement , Ukraine will elect a new government on May 25 for the entire country , including Crimea . Russian Parliament backs Crimea vote , brushes off sanctions threat 3  What would it mean ? Obama 's quick condemnation of a Crimean referendum showed the United States expects the outcome to favor realigning with Russia . The autonomous region has a 60 % ethnic Russian population , having been part of Russia until it was ceded to Ukraine in 1954 by the Soviet Union . While it would still remain an autonomous region in theory , Crimea would effectively come under the direct influence of Russia once again . Power said that if the referendum goes forward , the result would get little recognition beyond Russia . That did n't matter in 2008 when Russia under Putin sent troops into neighboring Georgia , another former Soviet territory , to back autonomy for the pro-Russian regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia . More than five years later , both territories effectively annexed with Russian forces still present . Asked if Crimea and perhaps other parts of eastern and southern Ukraine that favor Russia might end up the same , Power said : "  I think it 's maybe not helpful to talk about precedents . " "  We are seeking to create a future where the past is not replicated here in Ukraine , and the broad unity of the international community I think is impressive and formidable , " she added . Cyberwar hits Ukraine 4  Potential fallout ? For Russia , the motivation is ensuring control of its Black Sea fleet based in Sevastopol as well as its economic influence in Ukraine and other former Soviet territories and satellites . The Crimean referendum would provide an electoral justification for what amounts to a land grab amid Ukraine 's political upheaval . Obama acknowledged Russia had legitimate concerns that needed to be part of a solution , such as guarantees it could maintain the Sevastopol-based naval fleet in Ukraine . However , his call for Russian troops in Crimea to return to barracks and negotiations between Russia and Ukraine on a solution has so far yielded little progress . Both the United States and European Union have threatened sanctions if no significant progress occurs soon , but major economic ties between Russia and European powers such as Germany raise questions about the strength of any EU steps . CNN 's Fareed Zakaria said Putin may get his wish with Crimea , but at a cost . "  They got Crimea , but they 've scared off Ukraine , " he said . "  And , most importantly , the people of Ukraine are now deeply suspicious of Russia . The people in Poland and Hungary and the Czech Republic , or probably in places like Kazakhstan , are all now fearful . " CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Russia backs a Crimea-only vote about joining it or staying with Ukraine The United States and its European allies say such a referendum is illegal To Russia , the ousting of the elected Ukraine government was illegal At issue is whether constitutional authority exists in Ukraine
The GOP-led House of Representatives passed legislation Friday , voting 252-161 , approving construction of the Keystone pipeline , which would take that decision away from the Obama Administration . The debate over Keystone has become a central issue in the Louisiana Senate runoff election , which is scheduled for Dec. 6 . Republican U.S. Rep Bill Cassidy is running against Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu . The House has already passed similar legislation , but Republicans hope that this latest vote will give Cassidy a boost in next month 's election . Landrieu has also been pushing for approval of the pipeline , and the Senate is expected to vote on the measure Tuesday . The bill will need 60 votes to pass and it 's expected to be a close vote . The long-stalled measure got a jump start when Landrieu -- the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee chairwoman facing an uphill re-election battle -- saw it as one last chance to demonstrate her clout and began pushing for an immediate vote . Senate Democrats who had previously ignored the bill are now moving toward giving it a vote in the lame duck session , knowing that Republicans are likely to force the issue after their newly-elected majority is sworn into office in January . Republicans sought to mute Landrieu 's chances of getting a political boost in her oil-rich state by promising Cassidy a spot on the energy panel , and also having him sponsor the House 's legislation to authorize the pipeline . The legislation would take the approval of the pipeline , which would run from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico , out of the hands of President Barack Obama 's administration . His State Department -- which must approve the pipeline , since it crosses international borders -- is six years into a review of the project . Obama told reporters Friday in Myanmar that his "  position has n't changed . " He said the pipeline is still facing a challenge from Nebraska landowners and said he does n't think "  we should circuit that process . " "  My government believes that we should judge this pipeline based on whether or not it accelerates climate change or whether it helps the American people with their energy costs or their gas prices , " he said . A State Department spokeswoman said the votes will have no effect on the department 's consideration of the pipeline , and that the review is continuing . Landrieu , meanwhile , has insisted that the Senate has at least 60 votes to approve the pipeline -- and is taking credit for the legislation 's sudden movement . "  I am so pleased to have been one of the spark plugs to help to get us moving -- not in the next Congress , but in the lame duck session of this Congress , " she said on the Senate floor Thursday .	The House approved a bill that authorizes construction of the Keystone pipeline The Senate is expected to vote Tuesday The pipeline has become a key issue in Louisiana 's Senate race President Barack Obama has said he does n't want to short-circuit an independent review
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Police in the Pakistani city of Karachi have opened a murder case against the owner of a garment factory where a fire killed more than 250 people this week , a senior police official said Thursday . Also under investigation are the two sons of the factory owner , whose name is Abdul Aziz ; the managers of the factory ; the shareholders of the factory ; and any government official who failed to enforce safety regulations at the factory , said Amir Farooqi , a senior Karachi police official . The announcement means police officers will investigate the fire -- one of the worst industrial accidents in Pakistan 's history -- gather evidence and submit their findings to prosecutors who will then decide whether to charge the individuals . Farooqi said police have opened a murder case because the exit doors of this factory were locked , preventing many people from escaping the blaze that swept through the building during Tuesday night and continued to burn Wednesday . Nobody has been arrested in the case yet . Police officers are still looking for Aziz and his sons , who are believed to be "  hiding , " Farooqi said . Other charges in the case may eventually include causing bodily harm , negligence and destruction of property , he added . At this phase in the investigation , police do not have to name all of the accused . That 's why they 're not identifying any government officials or factory managers at this point . Earlier Thursday , Karachi authorities lowered the death toll from the blaze to 258 from 289 previously . The higher toll reported Wednesday became inaccurate because of the rapidly rising number of deaths and confusion amid multiple rescue and recovery operations , according to Karachi Fire Department Chief Ehtesham Salim and Shabih Saddiqi , a local government official . Salim said the latest death toll is based on the number of bodies and remains recovered from the factory . Several people are still missing and recovery crews are working to find them . Salim said investigators are still trying to establish what caused the fire . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Karachi authorities lower the death toll from the fire to 258 from 289 Police open a murder case against the owner of the factory and others The locked doors of the factory prevented people from escaping , police say
CNN  -- A 21-year-old Indianapolis man has been charged with stealing samples of the brains of dead mental patients from a medical museum , authorities said Thursday . The specimens were allegedly later sold online . The man , identified as David Charles , allegedly stole more than 60 jars of brain and other human tissues in early October from a warehouse space at the Indiana Medical History Museum , the Marion County prosecutor 's office said in court papers Thursday . Charles was arrested December 16 on felony theft and other charges . Charles is to appear an Indianapolis court later this month in connection with the alleged theft of dozens of jars of preserved human brain tissue valued at about $ 4,800 . Court documents said some jars were sold on the auction site eBay by a middleman , despite a company policy against listing "  humans , the human body , or any human body parts or products . " Attempts to reach Charles on Thursday were unsuccessful . He declined to comment when seen outside his Indianapolis home by a reporter with CNN affiliate WXIN . The alleged scheme began to unravel when the executive director of the museum , Mary Ellen Hennessey Nottage , received a call last month from a man in California who said he had purchased "  six jars of brain matter " for $ 600 on eBay , according to court documents . The man suspected the jars were stolen when he compared them to others on the museum website . Nottage notified the police . Nottage said the California man collected oddities . The specimens he bought were stolen from a warehouse space on the museum campus , where thousands of jars of brain and other human tissue from autopsies performed on patients at the now-defunct Central Indiana Hospital for the Insane in the 1890s were stored . "  Apparently that 's a trend that 's building -- the macabre , the oddities , " Nottage said . "  The television reality show ` Oddities ' illustrates that very well . I think it 's indicative of people 's collecting interests . It 's definitely bizarre . It 's infuriating that they do not have respect for the human remains . " In the universe of bizarre items that Internet users sell on eBay -- host to millions of auctions each day -- human organs are forbidden . To buy or sell them is a felony under federal law , and trading in illegal goods is a violation of eBay 's rules . The list of prohibited items includes Native American grave-related items such as skulls and skeletons intended for medical research , Tibetan prayer skulls , organs , bones , blood , waste products , body fluids and sperm . Police determined that the buyer on eBay had received the brains from a middleman who allegedly got them from Charles . Charles was arrested during a sting after allegedly agreeing to sell jars of brains to an undercover officer at a Dairy Queen , police said . Nancy Scheper-Hughes , a professor of medical anthropology at the University of California , Berkeley , and director of Organs Watch , a program that researches human organ trafficking around the world , said the sale of the organs of deceased people was uncommon compared to a thriving , worldwide trade in illegal organ sales of living people . That trend has been fueled by the Internet and a global shortage of organs for transplants . "  Wherever there 's an Internet , people are trying to sell organs , " Scheper-Hughes said . Charles also was charged with marijuana possession and possession of paraphernalia . Additional charges are possible , A.J. Deer , spokesman for the Marion County prosecutor 's office , said without elaborating . The Indiana Medical History Museum is on the grounds of what used to be the Pathological Department of Central State Hospital , according to the museum 's website . Central State Hospital was opened in 1848 as a "  hospital for the insane " and closed in 1994 , according to the Indiana Commission on Public Records website . "  We have thousands of pieces in the warehouse and we 're still checking against our inventory , " Hennessey Nottage said .	Indianapolis man charged with theft of human brain samples from medical museum Some jars of human tissue allegedly sold on on the auction site eBay Buying or selling human organs is illegal and not allowed on eBay
CNN  -- Washington gubernatorial candidate Rob McKenna looks to help Republicans cross an important threshold while expanding their power at the top of state government nationally . McKenna is locked in a competitive race in a state that has n't had a Republican governor in nearly 30 years . It 's just one example of how the party is leveraging trends and strengthening its hand in a number of ways in state races across the country . If projections bear out and they grab four seats in addition to retaining the three they are defending , Republicans could hold the governorships of 30 states after Election Day , the most for them in nearly half a century . Such an advantage would fortify their positions against Democratic policies , like "  Obamacare , " tax increases and government spending and give them enormous influence in Washington -- even if Mitt Romney does n't win the White House . "  It does help Republicans policy wise if one party controls the majority of governorships , " said Cook Political Report Senior Editor Jennifer Duffy . 2012 ballot initiatives : Voter-run or special interest-hijacked ? While the presidential campaign impacts state-wide candidates -- especially for increasing voter turnout -- races for governor can turn on more parochial issues . Nowhere is that more apparent than in Washington state . McKenna has deep roots in King County , the state 's most populous . He is a former county councilman and has run and won statewide previously . His Democratic opponent , former U.S. Rep. Jay Inslee , is mostly experienced in congressional races . But McKenna is tapping a sense of voter discontent with a string of Democrats , whose margin of support has been slim over the years . "  They 've had Democratic governors since 1984 and there 's a sense that voters are unhappy that despite promises , these governors have n't been able to change things , " Duffy said , pointing out problems with education and the economy in the state . A recent Elway Poll of likely voters showed McKenna with a 47 % to 45 % lead over Inslee , which was within the survey 's margin of error . While the fight remains tight in Washington state , Democrats might have to throw in the towel in North Carolina . The Tar Heel State elected its first woman governor in Democrat Beverly Perdue in 2008 but she is retiring amid a campaign finance investigation . Charlotte Mayor Pat McCrory could become the first Republican governor since 1985 and only the third since 1901 . He leads comfortably in the polls against Democrat Lt. Gov. Walter Dalton . "  More than the investigation , " Duffy said of Perdue , "  you 've got voters with buyer 's remorse . The reason she is n't running again is she was behind in all the polls - there was no path to victory for her . " Key governor 's races snapshots Compiled by Adam Levy and Robert Yoon , CNN Political Research Delaware Gov. Jack Markell  D  vs. Jeff Cragg  R Democratic Gov. Jack Markell appears headed for a second term this November . Markell 's Republican opponent is Jeff Cragg , a small business owner from Wilmington . Delaware has become an increasingly reliable Democratic state and with the defeat of former Rep. Mike Castle in the 2010 U.S. Senate primary , the state now has no Republicans in statewide elected office . Cragg is unlikely to change the GOP 's fortunes , especially in a presidential election year with Vice President Joe Biden , a Delaware native , on the Democratic ticket . Indiana Open seat  -- Gov. Mitch Daniels  R  is term-limited Rep. Mike Pence  R  vs. John Gregg  D  vs. Rupert Boneham  Libertarian Six-term GOP Rep. Mike Pence mulled a 2012 presidential bid but opted instead to run for governor to replace term-limited Republican incumbent Mitch Daniels . His Democratic opponent is John Gregg , the former Indiana House speaker . Pence 's years in Congress and on the Sunday talk show circuit , as well as his brief foray in near-presidential politics , have given him a relatively high profile for a state candidate . That , plus Indiana 's Republican-friendly state voting trends , gives him a leg up over Gregg . Republicans control the governorship , both U.S. Senate seats and a majority of U.S. House seats . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon  D  vs. Dave Spence  R Democrat Jay Nixon hopes to become the first Missouri governor re-elected to a second term since the late Mel Carnahan in 1996 . The Republican nominee is Dave Spence , a businessman who has been spending personal funds on the campaign . Nixon won the governorship in 2008 with a comfortable 58.4 % , but Missouri voters have proven to be fickle at the ballot box , especially for state office . Since the 1970s , Republicans and Democrats have traded control of the governorship six times . Though a long-time swing state , Missouri has voted Republican in the last three presidential elections . The Democratic incumbent appears to have a leg up in the home stretch . Montana Open seat  -- Gov. Brian Schweitzer  D  is term-limited Steve Bullock  D  vs. Fmr . Rep. Rick Hill  R The race to replace outgoing Democratic incumbent and frequent CNN contributor Brian Schweitzer is extremely competitive , but it 's been overshadowed by Democratic Sen. Jon Tester 's equally competitive U.S. Senate re-election contest . The Democratic nominee is Steve Bullock , the state attorney general . He faces Republican Rick Hill , a former congressman . Schweitzer leaves office with fairly high marks . He began October with a 61 % approval rating , which helps Bullock . But the state leans Republican overall . New Hampshire Open seat  -- Gov. John Lynch  D  is retiring Maggie Hassan  D  vs. Ovide Lamontagne  R As is the case in Montana , the race in New Hampshire to replace a popular outgoing Democratic governor has become one of the most competitive races . The Democratic nominee is Maggie Hassan , a former state senator . She faces Republican Ovide Lamontagne , an attorney and conservative activist who was the tea party 's choice over Kelly Ayotte in the 2010 GOP U.S. Senate primary . He also was the GOP gubernatorial nominee in 1996 , receiving 39.5 % of the vote against Democrat Jeanne Shaheen . John Lynch leaves office with high marks , which helps Hassan . But polling on the gubernatorial race itself has been mixed , with Lamontagne leading in two October polls and Hassan leading in one . Both candidates were well below the 50 % mark in each poll . Democrats have controlled the governorship for all but two years since Shaheen 's win in 1996 . North Dakota Gov. Jack Dalrymple  R  vs. Ryan Taylor  D Incumbent Republican Jack Dalrymple seeks a full term in the office previously held by fellow Republican John Hoeven , who resigned in late 2010 after winning the U.S. Senate seat held by retiring Democrat Byron Dorgan . The Democratic nominee is Ryan Taylor , the state senate minority leader . Although there 's a tight U.S. Senate in the state this year , Dalrymple appears to have all the advantages heading into November . Republicans have had a lock on the governorship since 1992 . Utah Gov. Gary Herbert  R  vs. Peter Cooke  D Utah has not had a Democratic governor in almost 28 years and incumbent Republican Gary Herbert looks likely to continue that trend . Herbert took office in August 2009 when then-Gov . Jon Huntsman resigned to become U.S. Ambassador to China . He won a 2010 special election to complete the rest of Huntsman 's term and received 64 % of the vote over Peter Corroon , the mayor of Salt Lake County . His Democratic opponent is Peter Cooke , a businessman and retired two-star major general with the U.S. Army Reserves . Utah is solid Republican country , and Herbert is a safe bet for re-election . Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin  D  vs. Randy Brock  R Election Night 2012 should be much less suspenseful for Democratic incumbent Peter Shumlin than it was two years ago . That year , Shumlin narrowly edged his Republican opponent , Brian Dubie , 49 % to 48 % . Under Vermont law , the state legislature decides the gubernatorial election if no candidate receives a majority of the vote . Shumlin officially won the election in January 2011 , though Dubie conceded the race shortly after Election Day . This year , Shumlin is expected to win re-election easily . His Republican opponent is Randy Brock , a state senator . West Virginia Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin  D  vs. Bill Maloney  R If it feels like just a year ago when Democratic incumbent Earl Ray Tomblin ran against Republican businessman Bill Maloney for the West Virginia governorship , that 's because it was . Tomblin took office in late 2010 after his Democratic predecessor Joe Manchin resigned to take over the late Robert Byrd 's U.S. Senate seat . A year later , Tomblin won a special election to complete the rest of Manchin 's term . He beat Maloney , 50 % to 47 % . Now , the two face off again for a full term . The major difference now is that 2012 is a presidential election year , and the shadow of President Barck Obama looms even larger over the race than it did a year ago . Republicans , as they did in 2011 , hope to link Tomblin with the president , who is unpopular in the Mountain State .	Republicans could gain four gubernatorial seats this year , crossing the 30-seat mark nationally Republican gains could help the GOP fight federal initiatives like health care reform Races in Washington and North Carolina could elect GOP governors for the first time since the 1980s
Washington  CNN  -- The photo is both touching and humorous , a loving couple dressed as many of their friends and colleagues recall them . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg beams in her judicial robes , adorned with a frilly lace collar . Her late husband , Martin , gazes adoringly , wearing shorts and a silly French cooking apron . Now Marty has received a fitting , very personal tribute in the form of "  Chef Supreme : Martin Ginsburg , " a cookbook released this week by the Supreme Court Historical Society . In addition to being a pre-eminent tax attorney and law professor , Marty -- who died last year of cancer -- was by all accounts an extraordinary amateur chef . His easy-to-follow recipes for everything from smoked bluefish spread to vitello tonnato are available for all to try , leavened with bits of his trademark humor . And sprinkled throughout are photos  including the chef getup  and remembrances from his children , friends , and fellow spouses of the justices . It was Martha-Ann Alito , wife of Justice Samuel Alito , who helped spearhead the cookbook project . To honor his memory , she worked with other court wives to gather the best recipes and bring it to publication . "  His voice , it really comes through . He was an extremely warm and encouraging person , " said Clare Cushman , director of publications for the society , who edited the book . "  The way he writes recipes really reflects his playful personality . " In a place brimming with tradition , one of the least known and intimate events are the monthly to quarterly lunches at the Supreme Court , organized and attended by the spouses of justices past and present . Marty was often outnumbered as the only male , but eager to build lifelong friendships in a place known for strong differences of opinion . "  Good food , conversation , wit , and warmth help bind them together , " Cushman told CNN . "  The Supreme Court is a very collegial place , partly because of the protocols that have been in place for decades ,  which  help bring the justices themselves together as a group . But the protocols of the spouse lunches probably helped foster that overall collegiality more than we know . Due in large part to Martin Ginsburg . " The justice has called her husband "  super chef , " and "  my best friend and biggest booster . " The Ginsburgs made an ideal pair , say friends , precisely because their different personalities complemented each other perfectly . While both possessed strong legal minds , Ruth is soft-spoken , genteel , and serious of purpose . Marty was irreverent but precise , often brash but always sweetly caring . Those qualities meshed in the kitchen , where cooking was an expression of love . Marty experimented , sometimes for years , to perfect his creations . His detailed recipe for pissaladiere , an onion-based tart appetizer , runs four pages in the book , and he confidently vouches for its tastiness . "  Fear not , " he commands . "  The above recipe may be only authentic mid-Manhattan  where the Ginsburgs once resided  , but on information , belief , and ten years of testimony from innumerable diners -- including my wife , who is otherwise a confirmed anchovy hater -- it is more than edible . " All styles are represented : "  Shrimp in an Indian Manner , " "  Squid in an Italian Manner , " "  The Perfect Baguette , " and "  Caesar Salad Jane , " named after the couple 's daughter , now a Columbia Law professor . And there are nine desserts , including "  Tarte Tatin " and "  Grandchildren 's Chocolate Chip Oatmeal Cookies . " Unexpected challenges brought out the best in him . Justice Antonin Scalia is very close to Justice Ginsburg , and also an avid hunter . He once brought back meat from a wild boar he shot , prompting Marty to create a suitable marinade of carrots , shallots , dry white wine , and even crushed juniper berries among his various ingredients . After clearly explaining the 10-day marination process , Marty adds , "  Throw out the roasted meat and drink the marinade  just kidding  . " The home chef never expected his meals to reach a wider audience -- they were just passed to friends . Cushman and her friends and colleagues actually tested all 47 recipes in the book , narrowed from a repertoire of hundreds of often elaborate dishes . "  In a way he says ` trust me , it 's going to work out , ' " Cushman said . "  Through his  explanatory  steps , you feel him keeping a careful eye on you while you 're cooking these recipes . I cooked a lot of them myself -- some were quite complicated -- and I was very grateful having him , in a way , looking over my shoulder . " Marty 's culinary skills were picked up by necessity shortly after he and Ruth married , upon discovering his wife possessed few such talents . That became a running joke in the family , and one that the justice regaled audiences with over the years , somewhat sheepishly . "  Professor Ginsburg is a regular contributor to the lighter side of life at the Supreme Court , " said the justice in March 2009 . "  Mainly he performs in the kitchen , for the quarterly spouses ' lunches held at the Court and , occasionally in past years , at a dinner for the entire Court family -- justices , their spouses , and widows of former Court members . In the beginning , when I was the newest justice , my dear husband offered aid in lightening my load . " Marty , too , needed little prompting to playfully and publicly needle his wife . "  Ruth was a fairly terrible cook and , for lack of interest , unlikely to improve , " he recalled in a 1996 speech . "  Out of self-preservation , I decided I had better learn to cook , because Ruth -- to quote her precisely -- was expelled from the kitchen by her food-loving children nearly a quarter-century ago . " "  Being the spouse of a Supreme Court justice is not always an easy role to play , and Marty Ginsburg made it more fun than perhaps it had been in the past , " Cushman said . "  There 's a unique dynamic to this because Justice Ginsburg -- before being named to the courts -- had battled gender stereotypes in the law and tried to eliminate them . And her marriage seemed to defy gender stereotypes of who does the cooking and who 's out there in the public sphere . A true partnership . " The book can be purchased at : supremecourtgifts.org/chefsupreme.aspx	The book includes 47 of Martin Ginsburg 's easy-to-follow recipes In addition to being a tax attorney and law professor , he was a good amateur chef Martha-Ann Alito , wife of Justice Samuel Alito , helped spearhead the project He says he learned to cook "  out of self-preservation "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United Kingdom has MI-5 , which roots out spies and terrorists in the British Isles . The RAND Corporation said one option would be for domestic intelligence to operate under the FBI . Canada has CSIS -- the Canadian Security Intelligence Service . Now Congress is asking : Should the U.S. have its own domestic intelligence agency ? On Monday , at the request of Congress , the RAND Corporation outlined the pros and cons of establishing a domestic intelligence agency . It also discussed different ways to organize a new entity , either as part of an existing department or as a new agency . But there 's one thing you wo n't find in the report -- a recommendation on what to do . "  We were not asked to make a recommendation , and this assessment does not do so , " the report says . Instead , says RAND 's Gregory Treverton , the report provides a "  framework " for policymakers to use when deciding whether and how to reorganize counter-intelligence efforts at home . RAND is a nonprofit think tank seeking to help improve policy and decision making through objective research and analysis . Collecting intelligence domestically always has been a sensitive issue , at least partially because of episodic abuses by the government , notably against civil rights leaders , unions , antiwar organizations or even communists and hate groups . But the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks renewed calls for increased domestic intelligence to prevent future attacks . Critics said that in the lead-up to the attacks , the FBI devalued counterterrorism agents and failed to heed signs that an attack was imminent . "  If you did n't carry a gun , you did n't count so much , " Treverton said . After the attacks , the FBI moved to transform its primary mission from law enforcement to counterterrorism intelligence and prevention . It now focuses on terrorism through its National Security Branch and the National Counterterrorism Center . The RAND report focuses on two options to the current system . In one , a new agency would be created using intelligence agencies from the FBI , Department of Homeland Security and intelligence community . A second option is to create an "  agency within an agency " in the FBI or DHS . The first option would result in an organization with a clear , unambiguous mission , and might be able to draw on a more diverse recruitment pool , such as linguists and historians who are not normally attracted to law enforcement . On the flip side , such massive reorganizations typically involve political compromises that could affect its performance . The second option -- an "  agency within an agency " -- could involve less short-term disruption , but could be hindered by a "  lack of clarity of a single mission , " the report says . RAND also suggests a range of actions short of reorganization that could improve domestic intelligence gathering , such as increasing resources , improving leadership and changing bureaucratic cultures . The report does not assess the FBI 's performance since 9/11 , Treverton said , but he believes Congress should seek an independent assessment . A panel of experts that RAND convened guessed that the probability of a terrorist attack had decreased about one-third since the September 11 , 2001 . But "  they were not enthusiastic about alternatives " to current counterterrorism organizations . In a cautionary note , the report says that while public acceptance of domestic intelligence activities is imperative , public attitudes about what is considered acceptable "  can both be fragile and shift significantly over time . " "  Public demand for domestic intelligence is driven by the perceived threat , and those perceptions can change much more rapidly than the threat itself , " the report says . For instance , immediately after the 9/11 attacks , 49 percent of people surveyed were worried "  a great deal " about more attacks . Two years later , that had dropped to 25 percent .	Nonprofit think tank RAND outlines pros and cons at request of Congress Group says government could create new agency specifically for domestic intel Other option includes agency operating under Homeland Security or FBI September 11 attacks renewed calls for domestic intel to help prevent future ones
CNN  -- As the first female judge to be appointed to Botswana 's high court , Unity Dow is a trailblazer in her home country , paving the way for other women fighting for equality and justice . Her 11-year tenure at the high court was marked by the landmark 2006 case where Botswana 's Bushmen took the government to court over the right to live and hunt in the central Kalahari game reserve . In what is the southern African country 's longest and most expensive trial to date , Dow ruled that the Bushmen should be allowed to return to their ancestral lands . The case attracted widespread international attention and came to define Dow 's career at the high court that ended in 2009 . Today , 53-year-old Dow is a partner in her own law firm , a successful author and a prominent activist championing women 's rights . It 's all a far cry from growing up in a dusty rural village on the outskirts of Gaborone , Botswana 's capital . "  I was born into a Botswana where there was no tar road , no telephone . I think I saw my first refrigerator when I was a teenager , " remembers Dow , 53 . "  I grew up in a Botswana where you had to hold water on your head and hold firewood as well . " Despite the tough conditions and the initial objections of her family , Dow decided to pursue a career in law following advice from one of her teachers . After high school , she went to Swaziland to continue her studies before spending two years at Edinburgh University , Scotland , where she found herself one of very few women in the law faculty . While making her first professional steps , Dow says she quickly came across an innate gender inequality built into law . "  When you start to practice you realize how just the language of the law is so male , the culture of the law is so male , " she says . "  You 're beginning to think , ' I do n't think it should be like this , I have a right to be here , I 've earned the right to be here and therefore this whole environment should be about me as well . " Read more : In pictures : Africa 's power women Dow went on to work with great success as a criminal prosecutor and a criminal defense attorney in Botswana . But her reputation shot up in the early 1990s when she was the plaintiff in a groundbreaking case that dealt with citizenship rights through the mothers of newborns . "  I was married to a non-citizen , and therefore my children were born to a Botswana and an American , " she explains . "  I was shocked to realize that in terms of the law my children were not Botswana citizens because I was not male . " Dow thought the law was unfair and embarked on a mission to make it unconstitutional . The long-running legal battle attracted huge media coverage in Botswana . "  Suddenly I was being unpatriotic by bringing this case , I was being un-cultural , I was influenced by my foreign training , I was not behaving like a normal nice wife , " she says describing some of the comments directed toward her during the trial . "  There were times where I was really energized , feeling I 'm going to win this battle ; there were times where I really felt so despondent ; there were times when I felt so angry , and I think I cried many more times during that period than any other time in my life . " But after five long years , Dow won the case , managing not only to change the law on citizenship and give men and women equal rights , but also influencing other laws . "  After that the government actually commissioned a study to say what other laws discriminate against women and over a period of time those began to be changed , " she says . "  I think now in terms of the legislative framework , the legal framework , we have a fairly decent equality provisions across the board . " Dow also co-founded the AIDS Action Trust to raise awareness about HIV/AIDS and the Women and Law in Southern Africa Research Project , an initiative aiming to empower women in the region . "  We did studies on child support and how culture influences the law on child support ; we looked at access to property by women ; we looked at widowhood and widowhood ceremonies , the extent to which they strengthen and you know undermine women , " she says . "  It was really a chance to actually talk within southern Africa . " But when she 's not fighting legal battles or promoting human rights , Dow is busy spending her time penning novels , exploring issues such as gender conflicts , the contradictions between traditional and western values and the AIDS pandemic . And now , after spending last decades studying the law and fighting for a more equal legal system , Dow says her next target is to join the political arena -- a move that will enable her to put forward her own ideas . Chart : Women in Africa 's parliaments "  I 'm a lawyer and I 've been a judge , but there 's one thing that I have not done so far and that is to make laws , " she says . "  I would love a plan to join politics and to run for a political office as a member of parliament and therefore join the legislature . " Determined and ambitious , Dow admits that running for public office wo n't be the end of her impressive life journey . "  Nothing ends until you 're dead , " she says . "  So no , it will not end there . "	Unity Dow was the first female judge appointed to the High Court in Botswana Today , she is a successful author and partner in her own law firm Dow is also a prominent activist , championing women 's rights in her country She says her next goal is to join the political arena
CNN  -- It started in May of last year for Beth Ulibarri , as she would go on the occasional long run . "  I would experience a tingling sensation throughout my lower legs . I described it as feeling like something was tickling my legs from the inside and just figured it was my muscles firing away from the exertion of the run . " Less than a year and many medical tests later , the Albuquerque , New Mexico , resident was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis , or MS. "  My biggest struggle has been dealing with the unknown -- questions that do not have answers , " she said . "  Concern for my children -- will they get this disease as well ? Concern for my future . Will I end up in a wheelchair ? Concern for how my husband will handle everything to come . " Multiple sclerosis affects about 400,000 Americans and 2 million people worldwide , according to the National Multiple Sclerosis Society . It can damage the protective outer lining of nerve cells , making it difficult to control muscular activity . Ann Romney , scheduled to speak on Tuesday night at the Republican National Convention , has spoken often about her experiences with the disease during the presidential campaign . Jack Osbourne 's recent diagnosis has received a lot of attention as well . Ulibarri is one of many who shared their stories of struggle and triumph with the iReport community . She confessed that she worried that the disease would affect her ability to take part in athletic activity . "  One of the first things I did was research athletes who have MS , " she said . "  I was relieved to find many runners and triathletes who have MS who continue to train and even do amazing things like run marathons and do Ironmans . " Dr. Timothy Vollmer , the director of Neurology Clinical Research at the University of Colorado-Denver , even says that such activity can be beneficial . "  We encourage patients to really think about lifestyle issues , to maximize their activity and exercise , and also to maximize healthy diet , because we now know those things do impact the amount of residual disability people have . " Since she was diagnosed , Ulibarri has completed one marathon and has qualified for the Boston marathon . "  I know that eventually this disease may prevent me from doing things like running marathons , and I will have to accept that as it comes , " she said . "  For now , I am incredibly grateful for each day I can get out of bed and head out the door . " Beat goes on for music producer diagnosed with MS As CNN 's iReporters showed , no two people afflicted with MS have exactly the same symptoms , and no two people will react to it the same way . While Ulibarri lives her life publicly with MS , others have felt the need to hide their disease . One such person is an Ohio man who wanted to go by the name of Michael Taylor for this story . "  All I want is to build a career  and  a family , work out and golf . Pretty normal for an active and ambitious 25-year-old , " he said . "  But I find myself attempting to plan for the future and ask questions . I find myself injecting my leg with medication I know little of , and asking questions on a daily basis . " Taylor has had MS for years but only found out about it earlier this month . So far , he has hidden his MS , over worries that it could hurt his career . "  The fact is that most adult Americans know someone with MS , they just do n't know they have MS because they keep it quiet , " Vollmer said . "  The fear is that they will have relapses , they wo n't be able to work , they 're not reliable . That 's actually not true for the majority of them . " As for Taylor , he says he has been able to get by with the occasional bout of numbness or loss of strength . "  I just recently completed a rigorous ropes course that many healthy non-MSers could not . " Helen Solinski found herself in the same boat as Taylor in 2003 . "  The first few years , I tried to hide my disease and pushed myself as hard as I could , but there was a point when I simply let go , " said the Saratoga , California , resident . "  I realized I could n't bear to stand on the sidelines , hoping for better MS drugs . " Solinski left her job in Silicon Valley to work with the Myelin Repair Foundation , an organization searching for a cure for MS. MS drug Gilenya under safety review "  My goal is to prevent future generations from having to make important life decisions around a chronic disease -- it 's not what I want for my son , " she said . Christina Lamb Sidell of Williston , Vermont , was n't sure she would be able to have a son . "  I had similar symptoms as Jack Osbourne , but was lucky that my doctor figured out within just a few days of my seeing him that I had MS. " At 35 , she was told she could either wait a minimum of two years to have children or have children right away . "  During pregnancy , there is a decrease in having an attack of MS , " Vollmer said . "  But there 's a rebound effect after delivery . There 's an increased risk in having a relapse three to six months after delivery . "  If you look at populations with more pregnancies or less pregnancies , the women with less pregnancies actually have more disability . We do not recommend that women delay pregnancy because of MS. " A year and a half later , Sidell 's son was born . She and her husband call him their "  free gift with disease . " And yes , "  he is perfect . " Carol Sadrozinske was told she might not be able to raise her son when she was diagnosed while pregnant in 1987 , at the age of 23  many people with MS are diagnosed quite early in life , with the peak of the disease coming at 29 or 30 , according to Vollmer  . "  I was encouraged to put the child up for adoption , since at the time stress from childbearing and child rearing were thought to be detrimental to the health of a woman with a diagnosis of multiple sclerosis , " she explained . She ignored the advice , and by 1996 was a mother of three boys . She has had her ups and downs with the disease , included a devastating fall earlier this year that left her bruised with a broken arm . MS activity may vary with seasons "  The worst part of the disease is not knowing what each day will bring , " she said . "  Will I be able to see ? Will I be able to walk ? Am I making any sense when I speak ? " Even so , her three sons -- now 24 , 21 and 19 -- have brought her tremendous joy . "  Their joys , triumphs and struggles make my life worthwhile . Not to mention that their love alone gives me the courage to survive . I believe that the best thing I have done is ignore the advice to not have children ! " On the flip side , Beth McCann 's daughter , Molly , just had to share how proud she is of her mother , who has suffered the debilitating effects of MS for 17 years . "  The worst form of MS is primary progressive , and my mother is one away from the worst . You can do the math . She lost her beautiful singing voice and her memory is declining to the point where she is forgetting even my cousins ' names . " Now 20 , McCann , of Eagan , Minnesota , said that she has had to grow up quickly and gained a sense of independence . "  It 's the hardest thing in the world watching the person you love and admire the most in this world slowly , slowly decline to more and more disability and losses in her life . It is like a death sentence of my mother , but in slow motion to me . " Even so , she has always admired how her mother handled it . "  Throughout her progression , she is so positive , never complains , is always joking and refuses to let this disease get the best of her . " Like so many who spoke to CNN , McCann has found that little things can help conquer the disease at the worst moments . "  This is all I 've known of my mother . I love her regardless of this disease . Despite being sick , she still loves life ; and sees the beauty in all of its challenges . She is the best mother a girl could ask for . "	iReporters share their experiences with multiple sclerosis MS affects about 400,000 Americans and 2 million people worldwide The disease makes it difficult to control muscular activity
CNN  -- Thor Hushovd won a bunch sprint from a whittled down leading peloton to claim the blue riband men 's road race title at the world championships in Australia on Sunday . Hushovd is the first Norwegian to win the coveted crown as he relegated Denmark 's Matti Breschel and home hope Allan Davis to the minor podium positions after 262.7 kilometers of racing around Melbourne . Breschel now has a silver to add to his bronze of 2008 while Davis could not quite emulate the feat of compatriot Cadel Evans who was defending his title in front of home crowds . Hushovd , a former green jersey winner at the Tour de France and one-day classics expert , timed his charge for the line perfectly . "  It 's hard to understand I 've won the worlds . It 's a dream , it 's unreal , " he told AFP . "  This has to be the best moment of my career . " The race started and finished in two different locations with the last of 11 laps bringing the riders to the suburb of Geelong . Belgian Philippe Gilbert made his bid for victory on the final 15.9 km circuit and looked set to stay clear until being caught near the end by a small group of chasers , including Evans who rode brilliantly in his title defense . But in turn they were reeled in by the bunch , in which Hushovd and his teammate Edvald Boasson Hagen played their full part in bringing it back . A number of leading favorites had fallen by the wayside before the final lap , including world time trial champion Fabian Cancellara of Switzerland and Britain 's sprint ace Mark Cavendish . It was the final race of a championship which have been overshadowed by the news of positive drugs tests for Tour de France champion Alberto Contador and a number of other star riders , who were not riding in Australia . Contador has been provisionally suspended by the International Cycling Union  UCI  after his positive test for traces of clenbuterol was revealed Friday . He insists he is innocent and told Spanish television on Saturday night that he was "  very optimistic " that he will be cleared .	Norway 's Thor Hushovd wins men 's world road race title in Melbourne Hushovd wins bunch sprint at end of thrilling 262.7 km race Alberto Contador says he is "  very optimistic " he will be cleared in doping scandal
WICHITA , Kansas  CNN  -- An anti-abortion activist suspected in the death of Kansas doctor George Tiller told CNN on Tuesday the closing of Tiller 's women 's clinic is "  a victory for all the unborn children . " Scott Roeder , charged in the death of Dr. George Tiller , spoke to CNN on Tuesday . Scott Roeder , 51 , would not admit to CNN 's Ted Rowlands that he killed Tiller , who was gunned down at his church May 31 . But he said if he is convicted in Tiller 's slaying , "  the entire motive was the defense of the unborn . " Tiller 's family said Tuesday the clinic he headed will permanently close , effective immediately , and they would issue no more statements . At the time Roeder was interviewed Tuesday , word of the permanent closure had not come out -- but when told the clinic had been shuttered since Tiller 's death , he said , "  Good . " Roeder said the closure would mean "  no more slicing and dicing of the unborn child in the mother 's womb and no more needles of poison into the baby 's heart to stop the heart from beating , and no more partial-birth abortions . " Watch Rowlands describe Roeder 's mood during interview " Dan Monnat , Tiller 's attorney , declined to respond to Roeder 's comments on the family 's behalf . But in an e-mail , he added , "  Speaking for myself ... I am reluctant to in any way legitimize Mr. Roeder , or anything he stands for , by directly responding to his statements . "  I am content to let law enforcement determine whether anything he says merits attention . I do not encourage anyone else to give Mr. Roeder or his extremist views any additional attention as he awaits trial , " Monnat wrote . Tiller , 67 , was one of the few U.S. doctors who performed late-term abortions . He had already survived one attempt on his life before he was slain , and the announcement by Tiller 's family dismayed supporters of abortion rights . Nancy Keenan , the president of Washington-based NARAL Pro-Choice America , called Tiller 's killing "  part of an ongoing pattern of extreme anti-choice violence and intimidation " aimed at depriving women of a legal medical option . "  It is a sad day for our country when family members who stood by their husband and father as he endured countless anti-choice attacks are forced as a result of his murder to make a decision like this one , " Keenan said in a statement issued Tuesday afternoon . Nancy Northup , president of the Center for Reproductive Rights , expressed hope that other doctors "  will be brave enough to come forward and continue Dr. Tiller 's critical work of providing services to women . " "  It is unacceptable that anti-abortion intimidation and violence has led to the closing of Dr. Tiller 's clinic . It illustrates the ongoing harassment endured by abortion providers and the resulting disservice to women across this country , " Northup said . Roeder is jailed on first-degree murder and aggravated assault charges in Tiller 's death . A Kansas judge earlier this month set his bail at $ 5 million . Tiller 's family said Tuesday it is "  proud of the service and courage shown by our husband and father , " and that it would honor his memory "  through private charitable activities . " The statement promised his patients "  that the privacy of their medical histories and patient records will remain as fiercely protected now and in the future as they were during Dr. Tiller 's lifetime . " Peter Brownlie , president and CEO of Planned Parenthood of Kansas and Mid-Missouri , said he and his staff "  fully respect and understand " the family 's decision . "  Their loss is immense -- they have lost a husband , father , grandfather and hero , " Brownlie said in a statement . But the closure of Tiller 's clinic "  creates a significant gap in access for women and families in Kansas , " he continued . "  No one is providing that service between Kansas City and Denver . " Most of the leading U.S. anti-abortion groups have condemned Tiller 's killing and disavowed Roeder , saying they wanted Tiller 's clinic shut down , but through peaceful means . Troy Newman , the president of one of those organizations , Operation Rescue , said in a statement on the group 's Web site Tuesday that his group is "  thankful that Tiller 's clinic will not reopen and thankful that Wichita is now abortion-free . " But he added , "  This is a bittersweet moment for us at Operation Rescue . We have worked very hard for this day , but we wish it would have come through the peaceful , legal channels we were pursuing . " Operation Rescue and other Kansas anti-abortion activists had supported a criminal investigation by former Kansas Attorney General Phill Kline , a petition drive to empanel a special grand jury to investigate the practice and efforts to get his medical license revoked . On its Web site , the group referred to Tiller as a "  monster " who had "  been able to get away with murder . " But in a New York Times interview last week , Newman said closing the clinic because of the shooting would be cause for concern . "  Good God , do not close this abortion clinic for this reason , " he said . "  Every kook in the world will get some notion . " Roeder met with Rowlands for a half-hour Tuesday , talking on a phone through security glass at the Sedgwick County jail where he is being held . He initially was reluctant to talk , as he said he had been misquoted in another interview . But he gradually opened up , noting that he was giving the interview against the advice of his defense attorney . Roeder told CNN he is "  feeling good , " and getting encouraging letters from people around the country , many of whom he does not know . But he complained about conditions in the jail , saying he does n't like being in solitary confinement and that the jail is "  freezing . " Associates have told CNN that Roeder was a regular among the protesters who routinely gathered at Tiller 's clinic . Roeder 's former roommate , Eddie Ebecher , has told CNN Roeder was "  obsessed " with Tiller and in the past had debated whether to kill him . Relatives said Roeder had suffered from mental illness over the years and had refused treatment at times . He served prison time in Kansas in the late 1990s after being arrested with explosives in his car , but his conviction was overturned on appeal . But Roeder said Tuesday that reports he has mental illness or schizophrenia are "  totally wrong . " He acknowledged having a drug problem at one point , but said he has been off drugs since he was 28 years old and has no mental illness . Rowlands said he attempted to discuss Tiller 's death with Roeder , pointing out that there were witnesses to the shooting and its aftermath who claim they saw Roeder leaving the scene and got a license plate from the car . Roeder nodded , Rowlands said , but still would not admit any culpability . But "  He did n't say , ' I did n't do it , ' " Rowlands said . "  He did n't say , ` Get me out of here , I 'm the wrong guy . ' " Federal civil rights prosecutors have launched an investigation into Tiller 's slaying , the Justice Department has said . The inquiry will focus on violations of the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act and other applicable federal laws . Roeder was concerned about the possibility of federal charges , saying his lawyer has warned him that he will be facing them if he does n't stop talking . CNN 's Michael Cary contributed to this report .	In jail interview with CNN , suspect Scott Roeder admits no guilt in Tiller slaying But Roeder says if he 's convicted , "  motive was the defense of the unborn " Roeder is charged in death of Dr. George Tiller , who performed late-term abortions Family is shutting Tiller 's clinic permanently , lawyer says
CNN  -- The mysterious burst of light in the sky and loud booms witnessed Sunday night by residents along the Mid-Atlantic coastline was likely caused by a Russian rocket booster re-entering the atmosphere , said an official at the U.S. Naval Observatory . A mysterious flash in the sky Sunday night may have been debris from the Soyuz spacecraft 's booster . The exact cause of the flash that caused hundreds of people to call the media , local authorities and the National Weather Service was still unknown Monday afternoon . But eyewitness accounts of the color , shape and timing of the light and sound had officials at the Naval Observatory confident of the phenomenon 's cause : the re-entry of orbiting space junk from the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that blasted off last week from Kazakhstan . "  An object like this will have a pretty spectacular display when it enters the atmosphere , " said U.S. Naval Observatory spokesman Geoff Chester . Monday morning after the incident , Chester said he traced the rocket booster 's path and found it was hovering over Cape Hatteras , North Carolina , around the time people reported seeing the light . iReport.com : Did you see the mysterious flash ? Sunday 's mysterious flash and booms also could have been a fireball , a natural phenomenon that occurs when a rock about the size of a suitcase slams into the earth . Naval Observatory officials say that scenario is unlikely in this case , since the space junk was already orbiting in the area . Chester said the yellow , orange and iridescent green flashes reported by witnesses resemble both fireballs and burning space junk . "  The visual reports are consistent with either case , " he said . "  But the fact that a Russian rocket booster was passing through that area of the sky at the same time , it 's a pretty strong factor in my opinion to make that the culprit . " The timing of the light and sounds also indicates it was likely space debris . Chester said it usually takes up to a week for a rocket booster 's orbit to decay . The Russian spaceship was launched last Thursday . The booming sounds were likely noises from the explosion , he said . There are no reports of damage , weather officials say . Fragments of the object likely landed in the Atlantic Ocean . The likelihood of space debris hitting one 's home is pretty remote , Chester said , so residents do n't have to worry . The light and sounds , which shook houses , occurred between 9:30 and 9:45 p.m. and could be seen and heard from southern Maryland to North Carolina , said Jeff Lewitsky , a forecaster for the National Weather Service Forecast office in Wakefield , Virginia . After receiving dozens of inquiries on Sunday night from concerned citizens , Lewitsky and his team analyzed the radar and satellite loops and determined the phenomenon was n't caused by weather . Lewitsky said his office has not had residents report such a sighting in the past 20 years . Officials have ruled out another possibility : The light was not likely a solar wind or flare , which is a burst of energy that travels from the sun , said a spokeswoman for the Space Weather Prediction Center at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .	Naval Observatory traced path of Russian rocket booster at time of witness reports Descriptions of object match description of space junk , official says Timing indicates it was likely the Russian booster , Naval Observatory says No reports of damage , weather officials say
CNN  -- Long a pillar of Hosni Mubarak 's three-decade rule over Egypt , Omar Suleiman now sits at the top of the pyramid as its de facto president . Under pressure from street demonstrations calling for his ouster , Mubarak named his veteran spymaster to the long-vacant vice presidency in late January . Suleiman quickly became the face of the government 's reform pledges , announcing talks with opposition leaders and promising swift reforms . But Mubarak 's February 1 announcement that he would step down when his term ends in September failed to satisfy the crowds in Cairo 's Tahrir Square and other cities . Attacks on demonstrators by pro-government crowds in the following days failed to dislodge the demonstrators , whose ranks were bolstered when thousands of workers in several industries went on strike Thursday . After a day of intense speculation , Mubarak repeated that he would remain in office to serve out his term -- but he announced that he was delegating power to Suleiman , who quickly urged Egyptians to go home and get back to work . "  We call upon you to unite , and to think rationally and to look forward to the future , " Suleiman said in a televised speech that followed Mubarak 's . But the vice president , whose agents are among the fingers of Mubarak 's iron hand , was n't seen as much of an improvement by opposition figures . "  Mubarak is only one part of this regime , " human rights activist Gigi Ibrahim , one of the Tahrir Square protesters , said . "  People have been here for 17 days , and they are not for Suleiman either . Mubarak has lost all legitimacy , and now him handing over the power to the vice president is as illegitimate as Mubarak being in power . " And in Alexandria , protesters met the announcement with chants of "  No to Mubarak , no to Suleiman . " A former general who trained under both the United States and Soviet Union during the Cold War , Suleiman took over Egypt 's Mukhabarat intelligence agency in 1993 . He is credited with leading Mubarak 's efforts to crush an Islamic insurgency in the 1990s . That earned him the ear of Western intelligence officials thirsting for vital information about regional terrorist groups , and he became a key intermediary in Israeli-Palestinian peace talks . "  He is basically your main go-to guy in Egypt , " former Deputy CIA Director John McLaughlin said . Suleiman has been "  helpful in many arenas , " including the Israeli-Palestinian peace process . McLaughlin said . A 2006 cable from the U.S. Embassy in Cairo , disclosed by the WikiLeaks website in January , called intelligence collaboration with Suleiman "  probably the most successful element " of the U.S. relationship with Egypt . But that relationship is "  a little like being in bed with the Mafia , " author Ron Suskind told CNN 's "  Parker Spitzer . " "  If someone knocks on your door at night and you disappear , Omar Suleiman is probably behind it , " said Suskind , whose 2006 book "  The One Percent Doctrine " detailed the Bush administration 's post-9 / 11 counterterrorism policies . "  He is a feared man , and certainly not a man with any legitimacy when it comes to rule of law or any of the principles we prized in America . " In 2002 , al Qaeda captive Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi "  was tortured rather dramatically " by Suleiman 's agents , Suskind said , yielding a "  confession " that Iraq had trained the terrorist group in the use of chemical and biological weapons . His assertion was a key point in the Bush administration 's arguments for the 2003 invasion of Iraq , but he recanted it once back in U.S. hands . That sort of history leaves an opening for critics to question U.S. support for democratic change in Egypt , Suskind said . "  The fact is , we are allied with the people they 're trying to overthrow , and right now the United States has n't done much to separate those bonds , " he said . Suleiman had long been mentioned as a possible successor to Mubarak , along with the aging ruler 's son , Gamal . A 2007 U.S. cable called his loyalty to Mubarak "  rock solid , " and some analysts viewed his vice presidential appointment as a way for Mubarak to make a graceful exit . Suleiman is even credited with saving Mubarak 's life . On a state visit to Ethiopia in 1995 , Mubarak was to have traveled in a normal vehicle but Suleiman insisted that the president 's armored Mercedes be flown in from Cairo . Accounts of an assassination attempt on Mubarak vary but it 's believed that Suleiman was sitting next to Mubarak when a hail of bullets pinged off the car . The bond forged that day cemented their relationship . But Suleiman 's attempts at dialogue with opposition parties were derided by protesters , and the Obama administration criticized the talks for including too few opposition groups . Vice President Joe Biden told Suleiman on Tuesday that Egypt needed "  immediate , irreversible progress " toward meeting protesters ' demands , and leading opposition figure Mohamed ElBaradei said Suleiman and Mubarak "  are twins . " "  This is an act of deception at a grand scale , " ElBaradei said . Nathan Brown , a professor of Middle Eastern politics at George Washington University , said Mubarak 's Thursday speech did him little good . Not only was it too little , too late , he said , but his announcement that he was ceding power to Suleiman was buried in an "  incredibly patronizing " speech . "  Had he done this a couple of weeks ago , it actually may have done something , " Brown said . But now , he said , "  All the constitutional , legal tools are in their hands , and it does n't ' do them any good . So I do n't think they 're sure what to do . " CNN 's Matt Smith , Saad Abedine and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Omar Suleiman , the former intelligence chief , now wields most power in Egypt An opposition leader dismisses him as Mubarak 's "  twin " Suleiman has had close ties with U.S. officials
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- When emergency crews scramble to a celebrity 's home and it turns out to be a false alarm , journalists do n't usually write about it . Cher made the most of a false alarm , offering admiration for emergency personnel who came to her house . When the celebrity is Cher and her publicist issues an entertaining response to a reporter 's call , some entertainment writers ca n't resist . The electronic call for help sounded at Cher 's Malibu , California , home at 11:16 a.m. Thursday , spurring a flurry of activity . Ambulances and fire trucks rushed to the singer 's residence , sending journalists to their address books for Cher 's contact information . Her publicist , Liz Rosenberg , quickly responded to CNN 's questions with this e-mailed explanation : "  Just spoke to Cher who confirmed it was a false alarm but said she never saw so many cute firemen and paramedics in her life , " said Rosenberg 's response . "  She added there was an especially gorgeous black-haired ambulance driver that she is really sorry she did n't get to meet . Maybe there 'll be another false alarm ... " We will keep you updated .	Security crews at Cher 's house set off false alarm Emergency vehicles zoomed over , though for naught Cheeky comment from Cher 's publicist : "  Many cute firemen and paramedics "
London  CNN  -- For the second year in row , Apple has topped Google as the world 's most valuable brand . The two are the only brands to be valued at more than $ 100 billion , according to the annual Best Global Brands report . The ranking , compiled by Interbrand consultancy , considers three main criteria . Besides the financial performance of branded products , it also looks at how the brand influences customer choice , and whether it can push up the price of a product . Valued at $ 118.9 billion , Apple increased its value by 21 % year-on-year , while Google 's brand value of $ 107.43 billion jumped 15 % compared to last year . "  Apple and Google 's meteoric rise to more than $ 100 billion is truly a testament to the power of brand building , " according to Jez Frampton , Interbrand 's CEO . Tech companies are heavily represented in the ranking with IBM  4  , Microsoft  5  and Samsung  8  in the top 10 . The ranking is also a good news for the car industry , as four automobile companies -- Toyota  8  , Mercedes-Benz  10  , BMW  11  , and Honda  20  -- all made in into the top 20 . Three other carmakers were among the top rising brands . Audi 's brand value increased 27 % , while Volkswagen and Nissan both saw a boost of 23 % . But Facebook was the ranking 's top riser , gaining 86 % in brand value and jumping 33 spots to number 29 . Facebook has grown again last year , with the number of monthly active users at 1.32 billion , up 14 % year-over-year . It 's $ 2.91 billion revenues in second quarter smashed expectations , growing 61 % compared to last year . Among the ranking 's newbies are DHL  81  , Land Rover  91  , FedEx  92  , Hugo Boss  97  , and Huawei  94  . By joining the elite club , the Chinese telecommunication giant Huawei became the first company to represent China in the ranking . The third largest smartphone manufacturer in the world , behind Samsung and Apple , reported a 34.4 % net profit increase to $ 3.38 billion in 2013 . Read more : Are these the coolest brands ?	Apple and Google are the only two brands in the world valued at over $ 100 billion Apple tops the Best Global Brands ranking for the second year in row Tech companies and carmakers are heavily represented in the top 20
CNN  -- Formula One 's main protagonists are used to living under the glare of the paparazzi 's flash bulbs but they have turned the tables to raise money for charity . Red Bull 's four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel , Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton and Ferrari ace Fernando Alonso are some of the big names who have got behind the lens to take a personal snapshot of their lives . Prints of these signed photographs will go under the hammer at the Zoom auction in central London Friday in aid of the Great Ormond Street Hospital Children 's Charity . "  The money raised will make a real difference to patients and families from across the UK , " said the charity 's spokesman Olivia Jary . Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone commented : "  We are proud to be able to help with the tremendous work they do . " Check out some of the best images on sale in the gallery above	Formula One 's stars have taken photographs to raise money for charity Sebastian Vettel , Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton have donated personal snaps The signed photos will be auctioned in central London Friday The money raised is going to Great Ormond Street Hospital Children 's Charity
WIRED  -- Researchers at Intel debuted an experimental processor at the company 's developer forum this week , which could lead to devices with significantly lower energy consumption . The chip -- codenamed "  Claremont " -- is known as a near-threshold voltage processor , which allows transistors to operate at super-low , near "  threshold " voltages to increase efficiency and decrease energy consumption . This level is very near the voltage at which transistors switch on and start conducting current , which is the "  threshold " voltage . In the demonstration , the experimental low-power processor was used on a PC running Linux OS , powered only off a solar cell the size of a postage stamp . The processor was used in conjunction with another experimental project , a concept DRAM called the hybrid memory cube , which is a super efficient memory interface . "  We used a solar cell in the demonstration to show how little power was required , " said Intel spokeswoman Connie Brown in an interview . "  But it could run on anything that has power . " Like lemon juice , or perhaps a potato as Brown suggested . "  The key message is the low power and how much more transistors would be power-efficient running at near-threshold . " Several years of research have led to Intel 's near-threshold voltage-processor design . It 's heat-sink free , and rather than operating at those super low thresholds all the time , it switches into NTV mode  under 10 mW in power consumption  when its workload is light . This means , rather than powering off completely , a device can stay on in an "  ultra low-power state , " preserving active processes and open applications -- "  always-on " devices . The technology could even be used to develop "  zero-power " architectures "  where power consumption is so low that we could power entire digital devices off solar energy , or off the energy that surrounds us every day " , like vibrations or movements , ambient wireless signals or solar power . NTV could find itself in a host of applications ranging from processors and mobile devices to embedded devices , appliances and automobiles . Energy efficiency has always been a concern for device manufacturers and chipset makers , but as the hardware industry moves to mobile and more lightweight computing , it 's become a much bigger issue . So far , Intel has had some difficulties finding its way into mobile devices because of power consumption issues . Its low-power competitor ARM has dominated in that area , even threatening to displace it as the processor in Apple laptops and desktops  according to rumor  . But Intel 's latest offerings , including its Atom processors and Oak Trail processors , have become much more efficient . Intel 's latest , the Tri-Gate 3-D "  Ivy Bridge " transistor , also marks a major improvement , both in design , and in its 30 % improvement in performance . NTV is a significantly bigger step than these commercial processors . The technology results in a 5 to 10x improvement in energy consumption . But it 's not without problems . When electrical noise is introduced , logic level readings can be inaccurate . So the challenge is to maintain a balance of performance versus efficiency . "  Most digital designs operate at nominal voltages -- about 1V today . NTV circuits operate around 400 to 500 millivolts , " says Intel researcher Sriram Vangal in a blog post on the subject . Consistently running electronics at such low voltage levels is a challenge because the difference between a "  0â $ ³ and a "  1â $ ³ becomes very small  electrical signal-wise  . Intel 's experimental NTV processor may never find itself in an actual consumer product , Vangal says , but is an important stepping stone towards future processors that will . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Chip with codename "  Claremont " is known as a near-threshold voltage processor In demonstration , PC powered by a solar cell the size of a postage stamp Chip switches into NTV mode , under 10 mW , when its workload is light
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova drove away a top of the range Porsche sports car for the third straight year in Stuttgart after battling back to beat Ana Ivanovic in the final Sunday . Sharapova may need to build a bigger garage at home to house the prize gifts from the sponsor of the WTA Premier Tier event , but it 's a nice problem to have for the four-time grand slam champion , who is returning to her best form after recovering from a recurrent shoulder injury . "  I had quite a slow beginning to the year , but me and my team have been working hard to get in the position to win titles again , and I 'm so happy to be able to do it in Stuttgart , " the Russian told the official WTA website . But in a battle of former world number one 's , Sharapova was taken all the way by Ivanovic , who led by a set and 3-1 and looked set to take the keys of the Porsche herself . But Sharapova reeled off 11 of the last 13 games of the match on the red clay to win 3-6 6-4 6-1 in two hours three minutes . It was the 30th career title for the two-time defending champion and an important boost ahead of the French Open in Paris next month . "  For the first half of the match I thought it might not be my day today , but somehow I turned it around , " she added . Serbia 's Ivanovic had underlined her improvement with a fine run to the title match , but was left to rue missed opportunities to close out the match in the second set . "  In the second set she definitely went for those big shots and she made some amazing points . She 's just a great player , and that 's what happens when you play against great players in big matches like this . You need to use your opportunities , " she said . Sharapova , who is a brand ambassador for the sponsor , took match point with her 34th winner and was clearly delighted to continue her dominance at the German event . "  It 's been an incredible few years at this tournament , " she said . On the ATP Tour , Japan 's Kei Nishikori wrapped up the Barcelona Open with a 6-2 6-2 win over Santiago Giraldo of Colombia in the final . Nishikori was always on top as he won his second title of the year and fifth of his burgeoning career . He hit 19 winners to leave Giraldo with few opportunities to show his best in a one-sided match . The tournament was notable for the shock defeat of world number one Rafael Nadal in the quarterfinals to Nicolas Almagro , who was in turn beaten by Giraldo in the last four . Rising young star Grigor Dimitrov took the Nastase Tiriac title in Bucharest with a 7-6 6-1 win over Lukas Rool in the final . The top-seeded Bulgarian has already won in Acupulco this season and is pushing for a place in the top 10 with his strong performances in 2014 .	Maria Sharapova wins WTA tournament in Stuttgart for third year in a row Beats Ana Ivanovic in final in three sets Claims Porsche sports car from sponsors Kei Nishikori wins ATP tournament in Barcelona
CNN  -- A magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck Haiti two years ago , sending an already struggling nation into a tailspin . Relief organizations estimate that more than 300,000 people were injured , nearly 5,000 schools were damaged or destroyed , and 1.5 million people were left homeless . The quake affected one-third of the country 's population , according to USAID . A cholera outbreak confirmed in late October 2010 and flooding from Hurricane Tomas in November aggravated dire conditions . "  This water now came by and washed away anything we had left , " Leogane resident Charlie Simolien said . Recovery efforts have transitioned from relief to rebuilding , but more than half a million people still live in displacement camps , according to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . From the economy and education to health care and homelessness , relief organizations remain in Haiti , working to meet the ongoing needs of the Haitian people , and there are ways you can help . MFK fights malnutrition , creates jobs Meds & Food for Kids  MFK  develops , produces and distributes "  Medika Mamba , " Creole for peanut butter medicine , and other nutritious foods to fight malnutrition . When the earthquake hit in 2010 , MFK distributed more than 40,000 pounds of Medika Mamba to malnourished children and patients recovering from amputations and surgery . Today , MFK continues its nutrition programs across the country . A new factory opens this summer and will expand production tenfold . "  What this means is we 'll be able to treat all the children that suffer from malnutrition , but we 'll also be able to make products that prevent malnutrition and supplements for pregnant and lactating women , " MFK Executive Director Patricia Wolff said . The expansion also means more jobs . MFK 's factory workers and managers are all Haitian and mentored by a small American staff . MFK purchases raw materials in Haiti when possible and provides training for local peanut farmers to improve agricultural practices and output . Visit MFK 's website to make a donation . Professionals with engineering , technical , linguistic and managerial skills can contact MFK for more information on mentorship opportunities . Hope for Haiti rebuilds schools Hope for Haiti has served Haitian children through education , nutrition and health care programs for 22 years . Before the earthquake , the organization supported children and teachers in 37 schools in Haiti 's southern peninsula . In response to the disaster , Hope for Haiti distributed more than 1,000 emergency buckets to survivors and established a health clinic that served 10,000 displaced people at the Don Bosco IDP Camp . The organization installed solar panels at a damaged secondary school so classes could continue amid power outages . It built temporary structures at other damaged locations so school would not be interrupted during reconstruction . Hope for Haiti now supports 10 additional primary schools , helping approximately 10,000 students get an education . It provides teacher salary subsidies and basic materials to keep schools operational . Go online to make a donation to the education fund or to support another Hope for Haiti program . Partners in Health / Zanmi Lasante revitalize health care Partners in Health  PIH  and its local sister organization Zanmi Lasante  ZL  started treating patients in a one-room clinic in Cange more than 25 years ago . The clinic is now a full-service hospital boasting 104 beds , and PIH/ZL has expanded its operations to 11 other hospitals and health centers in central Haiti . In the weeks after the quake , PIH/ZL cared for hundreds of thousands of Haitians who fled Port-au-Prince , organized volunteer medical staff and established health centers at camps for internally displaced people . The organization continues to expand the reach and depth of its health services throughout the country . PIH has hired and trained new medical staff , including 14 new psychologists and seven rehabilitation educators to serve earthquake victims , and will open a new teaching hospital in Mirebalais this year . "  This hospital is the culmination of a dream dating back a quarter-century and underlines our commitment to the country and people of Haiti , which is stronger than ever after the earthquake , " PIH co-founder Dr. Paul Farmer said . To make a donation to PIH 's work in Haiti from various countries , visit PIH.org . Details about volunteer and internship opportunities are also available on the website . CAN-DO reshapes communities CAN-DO is working to establish model communities and create jobs through its Community Revitalization and Orphanage Revitalization projects . The organization arrived in Haiti less than 48 hours after the earthquake . Over the next six months , CAN-DO distributed 250,000 gallons of water , 8,000 pounds of medical supplies and 11 tons of food to orphanages and others in need . As part of its ongoing revitalization projects , CAN-DO is constructing and repairing schools , orphanages and medical clinics based on needs identified by local communities . CAN-DO also formed a team of Haiti workers called the Nou Kapab Crew made of skilled masons , electricians , plumbers , painters and laborers . Members of the crew are hired to work on CAN-DO and other reconstruction projects , helping Haitians get back to work and help rebuild . "  It 's all about getting the community fired up and back on their feet , but they 're the ones that are doing it , " CAN-DO founder Eric Klein said . "  We just bring them the resources . They 're going to get the job done . " To support CAN-DO 's projects in Haiti , go online or text "  CANDO " to 85944 to make a $ 10 donation . American Express card holders can donate membership rewards points to CAN-DO .	Two years after massive quake , organizations are helping Haiti get back on its feet MFK and PIH/ZL serve health needs , create jobs , train workers Hope for Haiti helps schools rebuild and educate more students CAN-DO aims to establish model communities , create more opportunities for work
CNN  -- The new "  leaks " from the grand jury on the Michael Brown shooting have once again stoked the imagination of the American public and the world . The implication of these leaks is that Officer Darren Wilson wo n't be indicted , so everyone wants to know how Ferguson will react . Will there be riots ? More violence ? Nationwide protests ? There 's almost a morbid NASCAR crash type curiosity about what comes next in a small Midwest town wracked by naked racism and police incompetence . But most of this curiosity is stoked by fear and ignorance about what Ferguson , Missouri , is actually like . If you know the real Ferguson , you already know why the riots happened , and you can predict what will happen once the grand jury makes its decision . A little background : I went to elementary school about 40 minutes south of Ferguson , in the St. Louis military suburb of O'Fallon . I 'm pretty familiar with the area , a frothy mix of the South , the Midwest and the Rust Belt . While the black population in the St. Louis metro area has grown and moved out of the city , teachers , firefighters , hospital employees and most importantly cops in the suburbs are largely white . My school district did n't hire its first African American teacher until 1986 , and my elementary school has never had a black teacher despite having a sizable number of African American students . This is the St. Louis area in a nutshell , black suburban expansion , slow white acceptance and a dull Midwestern peace as the first integrated generations live together . Unfortunately the image you get of Ferguson is perfectly encapsulated by this opening I saw from a national television reporter commenting on the fact that the median income is "  only " about $ 37,000 and apartments rent for as little as $ 450 a month . National news reporters mostly from New York descended upon this town and when audiences in Atlanta , Boston , Chicago , Washington , Los Angeles or any of the other major cities in America hear $ 37K a year , it sounds like poverty wages and rents that resemble public housing fees . But that 's where context comes in : $ 37,000 year is pretty good for the Midwest . Ask anybody in the suburbs of Cleveland , Indianapolis or Omaha , Nebraska , or any other part of "  flyover county . " You can get a two bedroom apartment across the street from Starbucks for $ 450 a month just north of St. Louis . While that wo n't get you a monthly parking space in Los Angeles , it does n't mean the people of Ferguson are in the ghettos of America 's declining Rust Belt . Far from it , most national reporting would lead you to believe Ferguson , and especially the Third Ward where Michael Brown was killed , is like the set of "  The Wire " when it 's really a lot more like "  Black-ish . " I do n't think the media misunderstanding is intentional , but there 's been an inherent bias in the way the city and the conflict have been covered . Ferguson , O'Fallon , Florissant -- all of the small suburbs outside of St. Louis proper are where black folks moved to in the 1990s and 2000s to get away from violence and poverty in the city . As I walked along the very street where Michael Brown was shot , I looked around wondering where the "  bad " neighborhood would actually start ? Better yet , where did the "  poor " neighborhood start ? I saw townhouses and apartments . I saw wooden decks and lawnmowers . This looked like Everytown U.S.A. -- not a car on blocks or a busted window pane in sight . If you have any doubt , just ask the residents . The infamous "  QuikTrip " gas and snack station that was burned down is a prime example . If you talk to locals , they 'll tell you that QuikTrips are generally located in nicer neighborhoods , just like there are high-end grocery stores and low-end grocery stores . Brown 's neighborhood was n't spotted with off-brand products and second-tier stores to serve a poor and crime-ridden community . The only thing that distinguished this part of Ferguson from any other was that it was mostly black . The narrative that has been presented about Ferguson -- that it 's about poor black folks rising up against the evil white oppressor -- may be sexy and make for good TV , but that 's not the reality on the ground . As one exasperated resident told me "  We moved up here to get away from this type of -LSB- expletive -RSB- ! I 'm not putting up with it here -- from the cops . " It 's really the story of regular , taxpaying , law-abiding , lawn-mowing , pumpkin-carving , churchgoing Midwestern folks where the only gunshots you hear are from kids playing Xbox . And they 're wondering why the first killing in town all year was a cop firing 11 shots in a residential neighborhood into a kid with no record of serious crimes . While the new leaks reveal Wilson 's claims that he was "  defending himself , " this does n't add up for residents . The fact that the Ferguson Police did n't release a police report until weeks after the incident , which was full of redactions , and under pressure from the Department of Justice leaves a bad taste in everyone 's mouth . This is not a rabble-rousing community . There 's no history of mass civil action , as a journalist friend of mine from nearby Florissant told me , "  the civil rights movement skipped St. Louis . " Had the police been forthcoming from day one , everyone would have been back to their regular lives within a week . However , when you ignore people , even regular folks , and treat them like collective criminals in their own community , that 's when people get angry . As we hear more and more "  leaks " being conveniently released ahead of what will most likely be a grand jury decision to not indict Wilson , understand who is hearing them . Then , to quote Matthew McConaughey 's character from "  A Time To Kill " : Imagine they were white . I 'm pretty sure our national understanding , and sympathy for Ferguson , would be very different . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Jason Johnson : Leaks about grand jury investigation in Ferguson stir discussion He says image many have of Ferguson , Missouri , is as a poverty-ridden community Johnson says Ferguson is a suburb where many black residents live middle-class lives Johnson : The truth is that Ferguson is reacting to the failures of its police department
CNN  -- Ray Rice 's original punishment for knocking out his then-fiancee inside the elevator of an Atlantic City casino was controversial , but appeared a done deal : a two-game suspension . Then , this week , TMZ Sports released footage of surveillance video from inside the elevator that shows the altercation and the knock-out punch . Suddenly things changed . The Baltimore Ravens fired Rice . The NFL suspended him indefinitely . The facts never changed -- Rice knocked Janay Palmer  now Janay Rice  unconscious . But the latest video moved the needle in a way that previous coverage had n't . It has brought back to the forefront some key questions about the incident : What did the NFL know , and when ? The video is shocking and damning . It shows Rice and Palmer inside the elevator , where he punches her , and she lunges at the football player . Rice hits his fiancee again , and she falls to the floor . The Ravens had stood by Rice throughout the fallout , and NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell did not alter the two-game suspension , even after admitting he made a mistake . Both the league and the team changed their tune swiftly after this video was released . To the disbelief of many , the NFL said it had not seen the surveillance footage of inside the elevator until TMZ Sports posted it on the internet . "  We requested from law enforcement any and all information about the incident , including any video that may exist , " NFL Vice President of Corporate Communications Brian McCarthy , said , specifically citing New Jersey State Police , Atlantic City police and Atlantic County prosecutor 's office as places where the NFL inquired . "  That video was not made available to us and no one in our office saw it until  Monday  , " he said in a statement . Revel Entertainment Group , which owns the casino where the incident happened , said it gave copies of the video to Atlantic City police , the prosecutor 's office , the Division of Gaming Enforcement and Rice 's attorney . The company said it could not confirm if the NFL reached out to the casino directly to ask for the surveillance tape . The prosecutor 's office and Atlantic City Police Department did not immediately respond to CNN inquiries about the evidence they had , or any requests from the NFL . NFL chief Goodell faces intense criticism after Rice video Will Rice go to jail ? After the incident , both Rice and Palmer were arrested and charged with simple assault . In March , a grand jury indicted Rice on the more serious charge of aggravated assault , a felony that could bring 3-5 years in jail if convicted . The next day , he and Palmer were married . While the casino said that prosecutors were given the video of inside the elevator , prosecutors have not confirmed whether it was shown to the grand jury . Rice pleaded not guilty , and the next step would have been a criminal trial . But instead , Rice was accepted into a pretrial intervention program for first-time offenders that could clear him of the charges if he successfully completes the requirements . "  This decision was arrived at after careful consideration of the information contained in Mr. Rice 's application in light of all of the facts gathered during the investigation , " acting Atlantic County Prosecutor Jim McClain told local media at the time . "  After considering all relevant information in light of applicable law , it was determined that this was the appropriate disposition . " The elevator video has renewed outrage , but the court says the prosecutor can not reconsider or ask the judge to revoke the deal with Rice unless he commits a new crime or does n't follow along in the program . "  There 's really no appeal that 's available at this point , " CNN Legal Analyst Paul Callan said . "  The prosecutor accepted and the judge accepted pretrial intervention . " It is rare to offer pretrial intervention in domestic violence cases , Callan said , but in Atlantic City -- with an elevated homicide rate -- this incident probably was not as big a priority . Ray Rice firing not enough , says senator who wants ` special scrutiny ' of NFL How has the narrative changed ? The story itself has n't changed . The fact that Rice struck and knocked out his fiancee was undisputed from the beginning . So why all the outrage now ? The bad taste in many people 's mouths comes from the way the incident has been described to the public by the parties involved . As more details emerged , culminating with the elevator video , the louder the accusations of an attempted coverup have become . immediately after the incident , Rice 's attorney described the situation at the time as "  a very minor physical altercation . " After those statements , an initial video was released by TMZ , which showed the outside of the elevator , and the unconscious body of Palmer . When the grand jury decided to indict Rice on the more serious felony charge , Rice 's attorney , Michael Diamondstein , had this to say as he entered a not-guilty plea : "  I ca n't try the case in the media . There 's a significant set of facts that the public does n't know about yet . As soon as those facts come to light , we believe the public will have a different opinion . " Palmer 's lawyer also downplayed the incident . "  No party committed any crime , " Palmer 's lawyer , Robert Gamburg , told CNN at the time . "  This is part of the due process for Ray , " Baltimore Ravens Director of Media Relations Chad Steele said Thursday of the indictment . "  We know there is more to Ray Rice than this one incident . " With the release of the latest video , many in the public certainly expressed a new opinion , but hardly in favor of Rice . Ray Rice video prompts stories of #WhyIStayed , #WhyILeft What will become of the Rices ? The couple is standing by each other . Janay Rice on Tuesday expressed outrage , too . Not at her husband , but at everyone making a big deal of her ordeal . "  No one knows the pain that the media & unwanted options from the public has caused my family , " Janay Rice wrote in an online post . "  To make us relive a moment in our lives that we regret every day is a horrible thing . " According to Janay Rice , waking up after her husband was cut from his team and suspended from the NFL was a nightmare . "  THIS IS OUR LIFE ! What do n't you all get , " Janay Rice wrote . "  If your intentions were to hurt us , embarrass us , make us feel alone , take all happiness away , you 've succeeded on so many levels . Just know we will continue to grow & show the world what real love is ! " Ray Rice told CNN 's Rachel Nichols , in a text message , that "  I 'm just holding strong for my wife and kid that 's all I can do right now . " Ray Rice 's wife slams his punishment for violence against her CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz , Jill Martin , Miguel Marquez , Ashley Fantz and jennifer Bernstein contributed to this report .	The newly released video revives questions about Ray Rice The NFL says it never saw the elevator video until this week The court says the deal Rice struck with prosecutors ca n't be changed Ray and Janay Rice continue to stand by each other
CNN  -- FC Moscow have pulled out of the 2010 Russian Premier Liga after the club 's owner withdrew financing of the club . After days of speculation Sports Projects , a subsidiary of the club 's owners Norilsk Nickel , confirmed on Friday the company could no longer justify financing the club . The club 's future now looks uncertain , with lower league football or even closure a possibility . Meanwhile , Montenegrin coach Miodrag Bozovic , his staff and players are expected to be told to find new employers . "  In my opinion the decision has been taken because , from the point of view of the club 's location and name , it does not fit in with the priorities of Norilsk Nickel , the majority of whose workforce are based in Russia 's polar regions and the Krasnodar territory , " Sports Projects general director Leonid Isakovich told reporters . "  Our decision has been influenced by a lack of support from the Moscow authorities . We have made several attempts to find mutual cooperation , but were unable to find an understanding . " The club passed the licensing requirements to compete in the Premier Liga on Thursday , offering a glimmer of hope . But the growing speculation surrounding Norilsk Nickel 's continued backing led to a group of fans congregating at the city 's Sheremetyevo airport to lobby support from national team coach Guus Hiddink , who was returning to the country to meet new Russian Football Association president Sergei Fursenko . FC Moscow were founded in 1997 under the name Torpedo-ZIL . They finished the 2009 season in sixth place , narrowly missing out on a Europa League spot , and have reached the quarterfinals of the Russian Cup , with ties due to be played in April . Former Russian champions Alania Vladikavkaz , who finished third in Division One , are now expected to take FC Moscow 's place in the top flight . FC Moscow may not turn out to be the Premier Liga 's only casualty this season . Samara-based side Krylya Sovetov , who are heavily in debt and are reported to owe some of their players wages and bonuses going back to August , have until February 15 to clear their debts and satisfy the licensing requirements for the coming season . The 2010 Premier Liga is due to begin on March 13 .	FC Moscow have pulled out of competing in the 2010 Russian Premier Liga The decision comes after the their owner withdrew financing of the club Alania Vladikavkaz are now expected to take FC Moscow 's place in the top flight
It was a stark and painful reminder . The sound of fireworks echoing through the streets of Surabaya as the clock dragged toward midnight underlining the fact that so many of the victims of QZ8501 were on their way to Singapore to celebrate the new year there . They never made it . And for the past four days , the CNN crew has witnessed the shock , disbelief , frustration , and finally the devastating realization from the families of those missing . Since Sunday evening , we have been staffing our live camera position 24 hours a day just a few paces from the crisis center at Surabaya International Airport . We have spoken to family members and friends , trying to negotiate the fine line between prying and reporting , trying to show the human side of a disaster without gross intrusion into private grief . What has been noticeable has been the stoic dignity of the family members we have met . Bad weather hinders search Of course there have been scenes of raw emotion . We met Oei Endang Sulsilowati late on Sunday evening , leaning on the arm of her daughter for support . Her brother Oei Jimmy Sentosa Winata , his wife and two children were on 8501 . As she told us her story , she repeatedly broke down . Her brother , she said always flew Garuda , the national airline . But this time for some reason he had chosen AirAsia . She paused and broke down again as the awful truth hit home . But she managed to contain her grief and resume her quiet , dignified wait for news . And that was how most family members we saw at the crisis center dealt with their situation . The atmosphere inside the center as they gathered for regular updates was restrained . They were shielded from the media but windows lining the building allowed the media to look inside . Up to 100 family members sat quietly , grim-faced . Some talked but most just stared ahead and waited . Not all though . One image that stuck with me : a man , head bowed and tears streaming down his face , his hand resting on the shoulder of a boy in front , most likely his son . But as the days wore on , more and more began to voice their frustration about the lack of information . Authorities set up video links and Skype calls with search and rescue headquarters in Jakarta , and tried to increase the number of briefings , but there was little concrete news to relate . Until Tuesday afternoon . A press conference from search and rescue in Jakarta broke the news everyone had feared but needed to know . The mystery of Flight 8501 had been solved . Debris had been found , and authorities were 95 % certain it was part of the AirAsia flight . Where does investigation go now ? As if the news itself was n't bad enough , the local broadcaster carrying the press conference live began showing pictures of a body , with few clothes remaining , floating in the water . Our cameraman Paul Devitt was filming and he described the scene as chaos as relatives broke down . Stretchers were brought for at least two people who fainted . One close friend of a passenger described scenes of hysteria , screaming and people collapsing at the news of the debris and compounded by the brutal pictures carried on television . But apart from that one outpouring , the scene at the airport has mostly been one of quiet dignity in the face of unimaginable loss . Many on board were families . In one case seven members of the same family , now thought to have perished . Who was aboard the plane ? The waiting goes on as the weather conditions obstruct search operations to locate the main fuselage , thought to contain most of the passengers . The grieving goes on , too , but behind closed doors . And it will continue long after the last of the passengers ' remains are finally brought to this city , identified and buried .	CNN crew watches as passengers ' families wait for news Crew notices stoic dignity of the family members As the days wore on , more and more began to voice their frustration
Nancy Writebol is a loving mother . A devoted wife . A woman of faith . A missionary who has traveled the world to help others . And now , the world knows her as an Ebola patient . Last month , while working in Liberia , Writebol contracted the deadly virus . She 's one of three Americans known to contract Ebola during the outbreak that has ravaged West Africa . The others are colleague Dr. Kent Brantly and Patrick Sawyer , a naturalized citizen and Liberian government official who died from the disease earlier this week . The missionary is expected to be picked up in West Africa and flown back to the United States , where she is expected to join Brantly -- who arrived Saturday -- in a special isolation unit at Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital . According to Todd Shearer , a spokesman for the Christian charity Samaritan 's Purse , she should be in Georgia early next week . Ebola patient walks into Atlanta hospital The trip will be the latest of many journeys for Writebol , whose other missionary ventures include Ecuador and 14 years ministering to orphans and vulnerable children in Africa . Since August 2013 , the Writebols have been in Monrovia , Liberia , with the Serving in Mission group , which worked with Samaritan 's Purse . Nancy guided missionaries and teams and worked with nurses at ELWA hospital , where her husband is the technical services manager , according to the Christian group 's website . Nancy was diagnosed with Ebola on July 25 . Those who know Nancy best say that she 's motivated not by any quest for personal glory or thirst for adventure , but because she and her husband feel compelled to act because of their faith . As husband David explained from Africa via Skype to members of Calvary Church in Charlotte , North Carolina , at a recent vigil for Nancy : "  We have been blessed because of what Christ has done for us ,  by giving  us eternal life and salvation . "  What else could we do  but help  ? " The fact the Writebols left the comforts of America to live in an area rife with poverty , instability and disease , the fact they put their lives at risk to assist those suffering everyday , is n't surprising to those who know them . John Munro , their friend and pastor at Calvary Church , describes the couple as "  the salt of the Earth , " the kind of people who would n't give a second thought to dropping everything to help . The only thing perhaps ironic about what 's happening now is how such an "  unassuming " and "  very humble " woman has become international news . "  She is ... not someone who would ever make the headlines , " Munro said , "  apart from something like this . " That does n't change the fact the Writebols have extraordinary lives . Wherever they 've gone , their lives have been centered on their church and their family , including two now-adult sons who live in the United States . One of those sons , Jeremy Writebol , told CNN 's Chris Cuomo that the recent ordeal has been hard on his father . Nancy Writebol has been isolated in the couple 's Liberia home ; she and David talk by phone but , given fears she might pass on Ebola to him , they ca n't touch . "  It 's very difficult , and we feel the emotion of that , " Jeremy Writebol said of his parents ' physical separation . Then , of course , there 's the inherent danger of Ebola . The World Health Organization reports that there have been at least 1,322 cases in recent weeks in West Africa , some 729 of which have resulted in death . Even before it was known his mother would return to the United States , where she 'll get top-notch care at Emory , Jeremy Writebol took solace the mortality rate is n't even higher . "  We feel like Mom has a chance , " he told CNN affiliate WCCB . Atlanta hospital embraces chance to treat Ebola patients	Nancy Writebol was diagnosed with Ebola on July 25 while in Liberia The mother of two has been in Africa as part of her missionary work Her pastor described Nancy and her husband as "  the salt of the Earth " Despite the high mortality rate , her son says : "  We feel like Mom has a chance "
CNN  From the buzzing message boards on local social networking site Red Social de Cuba , to the hip campus of the University of Havana , young residents of the island are riding a wave of optimism following the historic announcement of a new deal with the U.S. on December 17 . "  I hope for new investments in different areas of our economy , " says Pepe Nieto , a young , privately-employed graphic designer in Havana . "  That means more work , more advertising . Everybody who is ready to work hard will benefit . " Across social media , mooted upgrades to Internet infrastructure are causing as much excitement among young Cubans as a new iPhone launch would among their counterparts across the Florida Straits . A beleaguered workforce needs some good news . Public sector wages are at around a quarter of 1989 levels at roughly $ 22 a month , national growth has slowed to 1.2 % , and traditional allies such as Venezuela and Russia have their own economic problems , limiting the value of their support . The agreement between Presidents Obama and Castro offers a timely boost , although reforms are piecemeal . Restrictions on business dealings and banking have been eased , while the remittance limit to Cuba has quadrupled . But lifting the U.S. embargo -- in place since 1961 -- would still need Congressional approval . Cuba 's economy Minister Marino Murillo has already revised growth estimates up for 2015 up to 4 % . Part of this will come through traditional industries such as tobacco and rum , which should perform better as the new rules allow U.S. visitors to import limited amounts . But private business can yield greater dividends . Even before the U.S. deal , the amount of privately employed people -- cuentapropistas -- had risen to around 500,000 , from just 150,000 in 2006 . This growth had been matched with lay-offs in the state sector . "  I think the Cuban government concluded that outlawing small business was just pushing it underground , forcing people to buy goods and services illegally , " says professor Arch Ritter , a specialist in the Cuban economy at Canada 's University of Carleton . "  For the convenience of everyday life  private business  was necessary , and it has been remarkably dynamic . " Ritter expects tourism to offer major opportunities : "  When travel for Americans becomes regular , there could be a tourism tsunami . In anticipation those in the hotel business are renovating old hotels , building new hotels and retirement homes , and low-cost apartments . This could see a big construction boom around tourism that spreads to areas like food and car rentals . " To fully grasp these opportunities , the Cuban government would likely be forced into greater commercial liberalization . With fewer restrictions and greater investment , agriculture could expand its capacity and serve international markets . Through its favorable climate , Cuba can become "  a winter garden for North America , " Ritter believes . The island also boasts an advanced biotech industry that is vital to the nation 's economic strategy , as well as its own high standards of healthcare . But to build its exports the government must consent to international testing and standardization . Although President Raul Castro has shown greater flexibility on private business than his predecessor -- brother Fidel -- a more fundamental shift in approach would help the new generation of entrepreneurs . "  The Cuban government should provide a stronger legal basis for private businesses , giving them the same rights and duties as for the non-private companies " , says graphic designer Nieto . "  Without that , I think there will not be any serious economic growth . " Evidence of such a fundamental shift can be seen in the port town of Mariel , site of the Cuban Missile Crisis . A "  special economic zone " has been created , with the backing of Brazil , allowing tax-free foreign investment in industries such as mining and manufacturing . "  There are major real estate projects that the government would like to see , there could be billions of dollars of investment , " says Johannes Werner , editor of the Cuba Standard , the island 's only dedicated financial media . "  But there has been a lot of insecurity around foreign investment -- the greatest being the U.S. embargo . " "  The Obama announcement sends the signal to investors that it 's OK to move ahead , as well as telling them that U.S. investors may be here soon so be ready before their competition arrives . " Improved Internet infrastructure is a deal-breaker for this new vision of the Cuban economy . Grand-scale projects will not be sustained by a connection on the strength of satellite signals and a single fiber-optic cable from Venezuela . The U.S. has made a priority of co-operation on this issue , although these plans are viewed with skepticism , based on previous American efforts to subvert the government through social networks as well as open suggestions that the liberalization of the economy could help overthrow Castro 's regime . "  The problem is that the Obama proposal prioritizes private enterprise over the state economy with the idea being to strengthen capitalism on the island , " says Rosa Miriam Elizalde , editor of the loyalist Cuba Debate news site . "  This contradicts our society that has tried to defend and protect social access to our resources ... If American intentions is to impose capitalism here through seduction it will not be successful . " While the leaders of both nations have declared a commitment to co-operation with respect for ideological differences , it remains to be seen whether the decades-old phoney war will continue by other means . An isolated pariah , or bread basket of North America ? Cuba 's path is open .	Cuba has new opportunities following historic deal with U.S. Economic liberalization already occurring with 500,000 privately employed Biotech , tourism , and agriculture could boom , Internet should be dramatically improved The new alliance will not remove mutual suspicion
CNN  -- The six countries in the Gulf Cooperation Council will close their Syrian embassies , the council said Thursday , calling on the international community "  to stop what is going on in Syria . " The action , the council said , "  confirms its position rejecting the Syrian regime 's persistence in killing unarmed Syrian people and ignoring all efforts to resolve the current tragic situation in Syria . " Abdullatif Al-Zayani , the council 's secretary-general , "  also called on the international community to take urgent and firm actions to stop what is going on in Syria including killing , torturing and flagrant violations of the human rights of the Syrian people . " Council members include the United Arab Emirates , Bahrain , Saudi Arabia , Oman , Qatar and Kuwait . Nations including the United States and France previously have closed their embassies in Damascus , while Italy , Britain and Spain are among countries that have suspended embassy activities . The Syrian conflict is entering its second year , with President Bashar al-Assad 's fierce crackdown against anti-government enclaves showing no signs of ending . More than 8,000 civilians have been killed during the conflict , the United Nations says , but opposition activists said the overall toll is more than 9,000 , mostly civilians . The numbers have exceeded 9,700 and are "  fast approaching 10,000 , " said Rafif Jouejati , spokeswoman for the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition activist network . International officials in a Syrian-led mission will attempt to gauge humanitarian conditions across the turbulent nation this weekend as world powers push for open entree to provide much-needed relief . Valerie Amos , U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs , said Thursday the government will lead a mission to the provinces of Homs , Hama , Tartous , Latakia , Aleppo , Deir Ezzor , Rif Damashq and Daraa . U.N. and Organization of Islamic Cooperation officials will accompany the mission , she said . "  It is increasingly vital that humanitarian organizations have unhindered access to identify urgent needs and provide emergency care and basic supplies , " she said in a written statement . "  There is no time to waste . " The United States is providing over $ 12 million in humanitarian assistance through the U.N. and other humanitarian organizations for relief , including $ 5.5 million to the U.N. refugee agency , $ 3 million to the International Committee of the Red Cross , $ 3 million to the World Food Program and $ 1 million to non-governmental organizations , the State Department said . Iran , an ally of Syria , said it sent medicine and medical equipment to Syria , Iranian media reported . A plane carrying 40 tons of aid arrived in Damascus . Iranian Ambassador to Syria Mohammad Reza Raouf Sheibani said Iran would send more relief , such as food , ambulances , tents and blankets , "  to Syria 's crisis-hit areas . " Iran 's Red Crescent Society said Wednesday that the supplies were sent in response to a call by the Syrian Red Crescent Society . The unrest continued on the first anniversary of the Syrian uprising , the widespread grass-roots resistance to the policies and rule of al-Assad . Similar uprisings across the Arab world , from Tunisia to Yemen , and the populace 's grinding political and economic grievances inspired the protests . "  One year ago today , Syrians emboldened by the changing tide of history in their region stood up in the streets of Damascus to appeal for their universal rights and freedoms , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement on Thursday . A few days later , security forces cracked down on hundreds who turned out in the southern city of Daraa , angry about the mistreatment of local children who were jailed for painting anti-government graffiti . The violence in Daraa sparked the regime crackdown and catalyzed the uprising , which spread to many cities across the country . "  The Syrian authorities responded with brutal repression , which has continued unabated . Its consequences are tragically unfolding before the world 's eyes , " Ban said . Along with the thousands of deaths this year , countless other people are missing , thousands are injured and thousands have been displaced . And as the international community ponders a solution , the daily carnage seems endless . "  It is urgent to break the cycle of violence , stop military operations against civilians and prevent a further militarization of the conflict in Syria , " Ban said . The embattled regime pressed on Thursday in its assault across Idlib province , where there is strong opposition sentiment . According to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  , government security forces , which have been bombarding the city of Idlib , cleared it of "  terrorist " elements , confiscated explosives and weapons and battled "  armed terrorist groups " in the surrounding countryside . At least 23 people were found dead Thursday morning near a farm west of Idlib , said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based opposition group . The bodies , which bore clear signs of torture , were found blindfolded , bound and shot , the activist group said . At least 37 people in Idlib were among the 46 who died in Syria Thursday , the LCC said . Government forces with large-caliber machine-guns , tanks and mortars fired "  indiscriminately at buildings and people in the street . After they entered Idlib , government forces detained people in house-to-house searches , looted buildings , and burned down houses , " Human Rights Watch said , citing witness accounts . Residents in and around Idlib are fleeing to Turkey , according to a Turkish diplomatic source , with 1,000 Syrians crossing into the country over the previous 24 hours . Syria is trying to plant mines along the border and deploy a large number of soldiers to the area , the source said . "  This is the reason that prevents a mass influx of Syrians into Turkey . Otherwise it would be tens of thousands , not just thousands , " the source said . At present , there are 14,000 Syrian refugees in Turkey , and the government is working to set up new camps . Two Turkish journalists who had gone missing during a visit to Idlib province have been seized by regime supporters in the village of el-Fua and handed over to the Syrian secret service , Turkey 's Anadolu Ajansi news agency reported . There was no immediate comment from Turkey 's Foreign Ministry . It is not known where they been taken . Aside from the deaths in Idlib , the LCC reported other deaths in Hama , Daraa , Homs and Aleppo . The opposition Free Syrian Army struck a security force vehicle in the Daraa province town of Tafas and killed the passengers inside . Security forces entered the town and clashes were reported between soldiers and the FSA -- the resistance force led and made up of military defectors . "  The regime 's tanks have deployed in Tafas and are firing indiscriminately leading to several martyrs , " the LCC said . Al-Assad 's regime routinely insists "  armed terrorist groups " are behind the bloodshed in Syria . It says it has popular support for its actions , and Thursday , government news outlets reported thousands of Syrians gathering in city squares to show their "  love " and loyalty " for their homeland . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties or attacks in Syria because the government has severely restricted the access of international journalists . But most reports from inside the country indicate the regime is slaughtering civilians to wipe out dissidents seeking al-Assad 's ouster . The al-Assad family has ruled Syria for more than four decades . World powers have slammed the al-Assad regime . The Netherlands and Bahrain are the latest countries to close their Damascus embassies . Kofi Annan , the U.N.-Arab League special envoy on Syria , will brief the U.N. Security Council on the situation in a closed teleconference Friday . Annan , who met last weekend with al-Assad in Damascus , has been trying to get responses from Syrian authorities to proposals laid out over the weekend for ending the bloodshed . SANA reported Thursday that the Syrian Foreign and Expatriates Ministry "  welcomed the visit of the technical team , formed by the U.N. Special Envoy to Syria Kofi Annan , to discuss some issues related to his mission in Syria . The ministry added the step comes in the framework of the efforts exerted by Syria to make Annan 's mission a success . " "  City after city , town after town , Syria 's security forces are using their scorched earth methods while the  U.N.  Security Council 's hands remain tied by Russia and China , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  One year on , the Security Council should finally stand together and send a clear message to  al-Assad  that these attacks should end . " Russia and China have balked at supporting tough U.N. Security Council action against Syria . Human Rights Watch said a resolution should also "  provide for targeted sanctions against officials involved in the abuse and an embargo on arms delivery to the Syrian government , and refer the situation in Syria to the International Criminal Court . " CNN 's Nic Robertson , Kareem Khadder , Amir Ahmed , Ivan Watson , Joe Sterling , Ashley Hayes and journalist Anna Ozbek contributed to this report .	NEW : The six Gulf Cooperation Council countries close their Syrian embassies An assessment mission will start this weekend , a U.N. official says The death toll is "  fast approaching 10,000 , " an activist says U.N.-Arab League envoy Kofi Annan will brief the U.N. Security Council on Friday
Washington  CNN  -- It took five days for President Barack Obama to address the controversy he caused by saying "  we do n't have a strategy yet " to defeat ISIS . Wednesday , the President attempted to clarify what he meant by specifying that he was referring to ISIS inside Syria while highlighting the U.S. strategy in Iraq of airstrikes to weaken the extremist terror group that calls itself the Islamic State . "  It is very important from my perspective that when we send our pilots in to do a job -- that we know that this is a mission that 's going to work ; that we 're very clear what our objectives are , what our targets are , " Obama said during a joint news conference with Estonian Prime Minister Taavi Roivas on the first day of his trip to Europe for NATO meetings . Obama went further , saying that before the U.S. acts in Syria , the administration must have "  made the case to the American people and  make sure  we 've got allies behind us so that it 's not just a one-off , but it 's something that over time is going to be effective . " In other words , the President wants to engage coalition partners , create a meaningful military plan and explain it to the public . He also said he might need approval from Congress . Who is ISIS ? So why did that take so long to respond to that rare moment of candor that resulted in ongoing criticism from every corner of the political spectrum and provide another opportunity for critics to define his foreign policy as feckless and aimless ? Dr. Nussaibah Younis , senior researcher at the Project on Middle East Democracy , said Obama 's slow response to his critics is characteristic of his approach to foreign policy . "  Slowly he 's getting there , " said Younis , an Iraq expert who has been warning about the growing threat of ISIS and is critical of the President 's "  cautious " approach to ISIS in Iraq . He wants strategic , limited and immediate airstrikes in Syria . "  The gravity of the situation is filtering through and I think that 's progress . " Biden : U.S. to pursue ISIS killers ` to the gates of hell ' The President again fell victim to that perception again Wednesday . During that same news conference in Estonia , Obama gave mixed messages of U.S. goals against the group that effectively erased the border between Iraq and Syria . On one hand he said the goal is to "  degrade and destroy , " then appeared to move back from the "  destroy " part of the phrase by saying the goal against ISIS is to ensure the group is "  manageable . " It is another instance that opens him up to criticism from those who want aggressive military action as well as confusion on the part of an American public that wants answers . "  He left a little ambiguous what the goal is today , " David Gergen , a former adviser to four presidents , said Wednesday on CNN . An administration official defended the President , saying he did not deliver two conflicting messages , but noted that this is going to be a time-consuming fight that will begin with managing ISIS 's threat and eventually lead to its destruction . Now that this is the second messaging problem the President has had in less than a week when talking about the terrorist group , Major Gen. James "  Spider " Marks said the President 's missives must be more clear . "  Words are very , very important , " Marks said on CNN , adding that his messages are mixed because the U.S. 's lack of a strategy . Regardless of messaging , the President 's restrained strategy does have its defenders . Fareed Zakaria , host of CNN 's "  GPS , " said that the President 's response to ISIS in Syria , which is embroiled in a three-year long civil war , is appropriate . He said one important consideration is whether the brutal regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad would be strengthened if ISIS is defeated there . "  In the Middle East , the enemy of your enemy is still your enemy , " Zakaria said on CNN 's "  New Day " on Wednesday . The external pressure put on Obama to act is harmful , Zakaria said . "  This is where the media pressure actually is unhelpful to having a strong foreign policy , " he said . After ISIS beheaded American journalist Steve Sotloff , the second American in less than one month , New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman wrote that caution is the President 's ally because ISIS 's actions are "  meant to get us to overreact . " The President will begin to mold his strategy at the NATO summit where he will attempt to organize a coalition to address ISIS in Syria . And next week , Congress is back in Washington where debate about U.S. response to ISIS is expected . Opinion : Why Obama needs to be the explainer in chief CNN 's Jim Acosta contributed to this report	Obama addresses his "  we do n't have a strategy yet " to defeat ISIS five days later Obama said he wants to "  clear what our objectives are " and to make "  the case " to Americans One expert said his delayed response is characteristic of his approach to foreign policy : slow
Entertainment Weekly  -- It could n't top its predecessors , but "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine " still brought in quite a haul , grossing an estimated $ 87 million for the opening weekend of the summer movie season . Hugh Jackman stars as the title character in "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine . " The Hugh Jackman pic brought in a strong $ 21,225 per-theater average in 4,099 movie houses , despite generating mixed reviews . The film fell $ 15 million short of 2006 's "  X-Men : The Last Stand " but it is still an enormous success for Jackman and director Gavin Hood . Matthew McConaughey 's "  Ghosts of Girlfriends Past " generated an estimated $ 15.3 million for a second place bow . It 's not a shabby opening but it is far less than McConaughey 's previous romantic outings including last year 's "  Fool 's Gold "  $ 21.6 million  or 2006 's "  Failure to Launch "  $ 24.2 million  .  Perhaps women were too busy checking out all those hunky mutants this weekend ?  The two new openers did help the industry maintain its year-over-year increase of 16 percent . Also aiding that statistic was Beyonce Knowles ' "  Obsessed . " Dropping a not-surprising 57 percent for its second weekend in theaters , the thriller earned another $ 12.2 million to put its ten-day gross at a shockingly strong $ 47 million . And Zac Efron 's "  17 Again " showed surprising stamina , too , grossing an additional $ 6.3 million its third weekend for a total take of $ 48.4 million . The other new wide release for the weekend was the anemic 3-D animated sci-fi film "  Battle for Terra . " Opening on 1162 theaters , the Justin Long , Evan Rachel Wood-voiced feature proved to be little competition for the other 3-D movie in the marketplace . Dreamworks Animation 's juggernaut "  Monsters vs. Aliens " grossed another $ 5.8 million its sixth weekend for the fifth slot in the rankings , while newcomer "  Terra " could n't muster more than $ 1 million for a twelfth place in the box office derby . Summer has officially begun -- at least in Hollywood -- so expect a giant event film every weekend . Wolverine may have bowed mightily but with "  Star Trek " hot on its heels next weekend , the Marvel superhero is going to need more than adamantium to maintain its box office lead . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Wolverine " takes the top slot at the box office , earning an estimated $ 87 million "  Ghosts of Girlfriends Past " took in an estimated $ 15.3 million for second place Dreamworks Animation 's "  Monsters vs. Aliens " grossed another $ 5.8 million Check out the rest of the top 10 movies at the box office this weekend
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Peter Head is a Director of Arup , a global firm of designers , engineers , planners and business consultants . He 's playing a leading role in the planning and building of China 's first eco-cities -- Dongtan and Wanzhuang . Peter Head is in charge of planning and development for Dongtan and Wanzhuang eco-cities in China . The city 's planners are aiming to create communities that are not only environmentally friendly , but also socially , economically and culturally sustainable . They 'll produce their own energy from wind , solar , biofuel and recycled city waste . Bike and footpaths will take the emphasis off driving and land is being set aside for growing local , organic food . CNN 's Principal Voices spoke to Head at Arup 's offices in London , and asked him whether there 's starting to be a universal language of design , or sustainability . Peter Head : I think there is and I think increasingly we wo n't call it sustainability because actually what it is , is very careful targets for those social , economic and environmental outcomes . Sustainable development is simply an expression of the desire to increase human development where we live within the environmental limits of the planet . So I think increasingly sustainability is a confusing concept . It 's much more about being very clear about what our objectives are . Looking at them holistically and making the connection between the energy we use for watering , the energy we use for transport and so on . And joining all that up rather than looking at things in silos . CNN : What are the characteristics of a Peter Head design ? Peter Head : I would like to think that all the projects I have done , I have always been very concerned that they actually work well for people that use them . One of my big things is bridges -- quite often are built and then they tend to be closed to traffic for a lot of the time because of maintenance . So the bridges I 've been involved in are ones that actually function just like parts of the motorway network in the UK . They do n't get closed all the time and also they are safe for shipping going underneath and the people are protected from cross winds so that vehicles are n't blown over . So it 's all about sustainable development . Really it 's about making sure they work socially as well as safely for people crossing . CNN : How do you feel that a city functions best ? Peter Head : In the end of course it functions in a sort of evolutionary and changing way , so you ca n't say you design a city and you know how it 's going to perform . What you have to do is design the basic infrastructure ; that 's the green parks , the public transports , the roads that do n't get changed later and then allow people and their ingenuity to develop it in a way that is appropriate to the time and to change it and develop it . The public spaces are great places that encourage the culture , the life and the vibrancy of the city . CNN : Let 's come on to specifically what you 've been doing at Wanzhuang and Dongtan ? What is it that makes those cities sustainable while the rest of our cities are not ? Peter Head : Fundamentally of course what we are talking about in terms of sustainability is long-term thinking . So we are looking 20 or 30 years ahead and we are making sure that those cities will function economically with good prosperity in 20 or 30 years time when shortage of food and expensive food , and materials and water and so on maybe a greater problem . So it 's very much looking at the jobs that one can bring in looking at the environmental performance and the way the city works and making sure that will still be working very well in the future . CNN : What about the people who actually use the projects you 've designed . Have you managed to draw an enthusiastic response from them ? Peter Head : We certainly do . One of the things we try to do now is something we call cultural planning . When we are starting a project we actually engage with communities and we do a bit of research on the history of the place : The way people have lived there , the way they 've interacted with nature , and with each other and then when we do the consultation . In Wanzhuang in China for example , we found that people had history of having dancing squares and all sorts of cultural facilities within their communities . So by retaining the footprint of those villages and the corners and little areas that they remember in the new development then it actually extends the culture which we find people respond to very well . CNN : How do you go about making cities like London , or Paris or Frankfurt or New York more sustainable ? Peter Head : The issues that make cities unsustainable at the moment are the problems of energy supply and energy use and security of that energy supply and the cost of it . But also the increasing difference between the rich and the poor people . Rich people are getting rich and poor people are getting poor in most of these places . So actually , tackling that is an aspect of dealing with the best future economic prospects for everybody while actually making the city work more efficiently . It 's like an engine . If you have to use less fuel and less materials to run it , it actually runs better and actually is more efficient and therefore produces more economic performance , and sharing that amongst the communities is really important if it 's going to be successful . CNN : Are you optimistic that by the middle of this century we can have a planet with nine or 10 billion human beings on it and that we can live on it in a sustainable way ? Peter Head : I think by 2050 we can be well on the way to that point . But the only way that can happen is developing countries have to realize that their future lies in going from the agricultural to the ecological age and to really reinvent the way they use materials and they way we sell products and use the riches of those places . And the high income countries around the world have to start this retro-fitting process to make the way they live on the planet much , much less resource consuming . I think if those two things happen together , and they are actually complimentary in many ways , then we can get there , and as I said I think there is a commercial business case and an economic case that is going in that direction . CNN : There is lot of selling of these ideas to do , is n't there ? Peter Head : There is a lot of selling , but one of the exciting things is everywhere I go in the world now there are elements of this happening . One can see an acceleration , even small , little steps , but actually everything is moving in this general direction . So there are lots of examples , a lot of demonstrators , a lot of things you can go and see to make you realize it works and that 's very encouraging . CNN : Is it too late to create an environment in which we can live sustainable lives ? Peter Head : Well , there are a lot of problems associated with this . I mean , a lot of people are now aware of climate change and the issues of emissions into the atmosphere . But of course we also got the problem of food supply , we got the problems of resource management of all kinds and therefore each of those has slightly different parameters as to whether it 's too late or not . Overall , my view is that it 's not too late if we make changes really quickly .	Peter Head , director of Arup , has leading role in building China 's first eco-city Believes sustainability is about long-term thinking , planning for future use Says energy supply , use and security are making major cities unsustainable Head : Developing countries must realize their future is in the "  ecological age "
MAASTRICHT , The Netherlands  CNN  -- It has been a while since I 've enjoyed going to church so much . The Cathedral of Saint Servatius is still a major attraction for pilgrims . As a lapsed Catholic I tend to keep my church attendances to Christmas and , if I 'm feeling quite a lot of guilt , Easter . However , I would happily go to "  church " at Maastricht 's Kruisherenhotel on a daily basis . A former gothic church and monastery dating from the 15th century , the buildings have been beautifully renovated to welcome disciples of a new kind of religion -- luxury . Boasting 60 rooms , dazzling but sympathetic light installations and a mezzanine restaurant and accompanying womb-like wine bar in the church 's nave , it 's easy to be quickly converted . The food is also pretty good ; my fish and scallops starter followed by venison the perfect communion for a late autumn evening . The Kruisherenhotel , though , is only one of Maastricht 's many gems . The southern Netherlands city of 120,000 people does not feature prominently on many lists of must-visit places , but it should . An easy train journey from Brussels and Amsterdam and a mid-distance journey from London , Paris and several German stations , Maastricht is laden with good restaurants  there are four Michelin-starred eateries  , shopping , history , public art and surrounded by pretty villages with woodland walking paths . The city center , like a miniature Paris , is split in two by the Maas river . Roman history and a Latin Quarter featuring boutiques and art galleries dominate the left bank , while on the right the Bonnefanten -- a contemporary art museum -- and hip retro design shops hold forth . The religious theme continues on the left bank at Selexyz Dominicanen -- yet another church that has been converted , this time into a fabulous English - and Dutch-language book store . Originally built in the 13th century by the Dominican order , its most recent use before 2007 's spectacular renovation was as an indoor bike pound . It now features a three-story black steel bookstack in the high nave , together with a noisy cafe in the choir . If it sounds like desecration , you could n't be more wrong . It is a book and architecture lover 's heaven on Earth . As proud locals tell my wife and me , there are plenty of empty churches in the area that could do with a similar makeover . Book browsing is hungry and thirsty work , but there are plenty of options for a prolonged stop : pull up a chair at one of the many cafes that surround the city 's squares or head for the Mosae Gusto underground food hall . Typically food halls give me the willies ; bad food cooked hours earlier , reheated and served up for the masses . The Mosae Gusto is the complete opposite . It gathers high-end outlets together , giving you the chance to take away delicious food or eat in and watch your meal being prepared in the open kitchens . If it 's more traditional French-influenced food with a tasty flourish you are after , then head for the welcoming La Courage on the Rechtstraat , one of the city 's oldest streets . Refueled and clearly with a blessed life to give thanks for , we stop off at a church that is still used for its original purpose . The imposing Cathedral of Saint Servatius , originally founded in the 6th century , is the oldest church in The Netherlands , though it was substantially rebuilt and enlarged between the 11th and 15th centuries . Saint Servatius , responsible for spreading Catholicism to the Low Countries and a diplomat in the fourth century , is buried in the crypt and his relics  i.e. bits of his bone fragment  spookily feature in the basilica 's treasury . In times of distress , his relics were carried around the town -- a procession which is now carried out every seven years . The cathedral draws many pilgrims , with Pope John Paul II once a visitor in 1984 . Having given our praise we make a quick stop at Maastricht 's ceramic museum , where the brilliant World Press photo exhibition is in residence . The museum , a stone 's throw from the river , is surrounded by tasteful inner-city apartments and close to the striking Bonnefanten , where art works by modern and old masters find a comfortable home together . Unfortunately , it 's a bit too early for us to be eating again , so we return to our hotel and the countryside around the village of Houthem-St . Gerlach -- a 10-minute train ride outside Maastricht . Local residents are out running and cycling , while others walk their dogs to the nearest pub ; everyone says hello . The area is dotted with caves , some of which were once inhabited and a few can be toured . Across the road from our hotel , Vue de Montagne , is the entrance to La Caverne de Geulhem -- a series of caves it uses as a restaurant and to host functions for as many as 400 people . In a way , the caves are a metaphor for Maastricht ; its delights may have been a secret for some time , but it 's a pilgrimage well worth making .	Maastricht , a southern Dutch city , is full of fantastic restaurants and sights Former churches have been converted into a restaurant and book store Caves used to host functions for up to 400 people
CNN  -- In cities and towns across America , there 's rising demand for affordable housing while the stock of low-cost homes evaporates . A recent Harvard Joint Center for Housing study spells out a critical national shortage -- more than half of low-income tenants today spend more than half of their income on rent . And 21 million people ca n't find rental homes within their means . The struggle for decent , affordable rental housing is increasingly out of reach not only for the poorest of the poor , but for the middle class as well . Some might ask : Why should the rest of us care ? Why not let the market determine what is available and for how much ? We should care because the supply of decent and affordable housing is crucial to any local economy . When millions of people spend the bulk of what they earn on rent , it 's bad for business . Affordable housing is key to sustaining successful communities . Employers ca n't readily hire the workers they need if those workers ca n't find a decent place to live nearby . When a long , expensive commute stands between families and their jobs , schools or doctors , those families become financially unstable and pull down the communities around them . New York Mayor Bill de Blasio recognized the extent of the stunning erosion of the city 's affordable housing supply  as did his predecessor Michael Bloomberg  and set a goal of adding 200,000 low-cost homes over the next 10 years . That would mean building or preserving units at a rate of about 55 a day . Meanwhile , the erosion continues : Before de Blasio 's first term ends , more than 45,000 existing lower-cost homes will return to market value when restrictions that keep them affordable expire , according to NYU 's Furman Center . On May 1 , the mayor is set to introduce his plan for how to address the accelerating demand for affordable housing . But that demand wo n't be met without effective tools that enable the public and private sectors to invest in new housing while preserving existing ones . Constructing affordable housing is not only hard to do , it 's just not enough . For every new unit created , at least two are lost . In hot real estate markets such as New York , regulations expire ; in cooler markets , affordable units are overcome by age and decay . It is far more costly to create homes than to preserve what 's already there . Any real solution , in addition to looking to new construction , must also look to preservation . The Lower East Side neighborhood of Jacksonville , Florida , is a fine example of how preservation can work . Four years ago , the apartments at 887 Franklin St. were so derelict and dangerous that government housing officials considered pulling their funding , portending disaster for a neighborhood already reeling under the weight of recession and investment flight . Today , after a $ 5 million renovation by new owner Ability Housing of Northeast Florida , the 60-unit Oakland Terrace is a clean , well-lit and safe place for families to live , complete with a new playground that residents and their children helped design . The neighborhood now has the potential to become economically stronger . Oakland Terrace was financed through a public-private partnership made possible by the federal Low Income Housing Tax Credit program , and improvements to the property were largely paid for through an equity investment provided by a key private sector partner , TD Bank . But for every Oakland Terrace , America faces many more unresolved affordable housing challenges . A $ 26 billion capital-needs backlog that 's associated with our publicly financed affordable housing stock looms . Traditional federal subsidies that enable affordability -- such as Section 8 , which authorizes rental housing payment assistance to private landlords on behalf of more than 3 million low-income households -- are being cut back . Federal housing subsidy programs such as HOME were slashed this year . These vital programs need to be preserved and expanded . Other important tools are at the ready , but sadly , they are inactive or underutilized . Back in 2008 , President George W. Bush signed into law the National Housing Trust Fund , requiring at least 90 % of its funds be used to build , preserve or rehabilitate rental housing for low-income households . But this program and others like it have yet to receive the funding that was envisioned by the law . Another valuable initiative is the Rental Assistance Demonstration Program , which enables private developers to work with public housing authorities to preserve affordable housing . But it has only been funded for up to 60,000 housing units . So while RAD offers promise to select cities such as Baltimore , San Francisco and Houston , hundreds more housing authorities from Los Angeles to Little Rock , Arkansas , to Lackawanna , New York , are waiting for Congress to lift the cap so that desperately needed private capital can flow to aging public housing . Expanding LIHTC -- the federal tax credit for low-income housing that was instrumental in the preservation of Oakland Terrace -- is another important step . This Reagan-era policy gives the private sector an incentive to create and invest in affordable housing and helps finance more than 100,000 new rental units every year . These tax credits enable affordable rents for low income and middle class families and is often used to create mixed-income developments . Such housing is a critical resource for working families . To date , LIHTC has financed the development of more than 2.6 million affordable rental homes across the country , leveraging more than $ 100 billion in private capital in the process . The Bipartisan Policy Center recently called for expanding the tax credit by 50 % over current funding levels to help close the gap between the costs of producing or preserving properties and the equity and debt that can be raised from the private sector to support them . This is n't about handouts . It 's about using tools we already know are shown to work to preserve and expand our nation 's supply of decent homes working people can afford . Only then can employers hire the workers they need and families hold their financial footing . Only then can local communities thrive .	Demand for affordable housing is rising but there 's a national shortage Michael Rubinger : Supply of affordable housing is crucial to any local economy He says Mayor Bill de Blasio 's plan to add new low-cost homes is n't enough Rubinger : Public and private sectors should also work to preserve existing housing
Much has been said about the rivalry between Airbus and Boeing and the Airbus A320 features prominently in this . The twin-engined A320 entered service in 1988 , some two decades after its single-aisle rival , Boeing 's 737 . There have been a total of 11,163 orders for the A320 , with 6,331 deliveries to date and slightly less aircraft flying globally by over 300 operators . The A320 family ranges from the smaller A318  around 100 seats  , to the upgraded A321  around 185 to 220 passengers depending on the class configuration  . The short to medium-range A320 is the most popular version with a range of about 3,300 nautical miles or 6,150 kilometers . It has a wing span of 35.80 meters  with Sharklets  , a length of 37.57 meters and a max payload of 16.6 tonnes , according to Airbus . Budget carrier AirAsia is the largest commercial airline customer of the A320 , with 184 orders and 157 deliveries of the A320 . It has an additional 291 orders of the next generation A320 , the A320neo  new engine option  , according to Airbus data . The A320neo is powered by twin Pratt & Whitney Geared Turbo Fans -- a 20-year research-and-development gamble that brings Pratt & Whitney back into the arena as a major player in single-aisle airplane powerplants . The A320neo first flew in September and is due to enter service in October 2015 . Flight QZ8501 The aircraft involved in Sunday 's AirAsia Flight QZ8501 incident is an A320-200 operated by AirAsia Indonesia . A statement from Airbus said the plane was powered by CFM 56-5B engines and had accumulated around 23,000 flight hours in some 13,600 flights . Airbus says it will provide full assistance in the investigation into flight QZ8501 . The A320-200 can sit up to 180 passengers in a single-class configuration . The AirAsia Indonesia plane was carrying 162 , including seven crew . According to information from the Aviation Safety Network accident database , there have been 54 incidents involving the A320 . "  Aviation is safe -- it is crucial to observe the full detail on why the aircraft crashed , " says Kane Ray , an analyst with the International Bureau of Aviation , a global aviation consulting group . "  In the A320 family , accidents and incidents range from fan-cowl detachment , landing gear collapse , bird strikes right through to hull-losses through pilot error . Most aircraft have teething problems and in most cases these are eradicated . Very rarely , these issues cause disasters -- largely because of a culmination of factors that lead to the event . " The worst in terms of fatalities was the 2007 crash of a TAM Linhas Aereas plane that killed all 187 on board , plus a further 12 people on the ground when it failed to stop and went off the runway during landing in Sao Paulo in wet conditions . In 2009 , in an incident known as the "  Miracle on the Hudson , " pilot Chesley Sullenberger landed a U.S. Airways A320 on the Hudson River in New York when the plane lost lost power in its engines after hitting a flock of geese . All on board survived .	There have been more than 11,000 orders for the Airbus A320 family The plane is the single-aisle rival to Boeing 's 737 AirAsia is the biggest commercial customer of the A320
CNN  -- Musician Peter Gabriel wants people to recreate scenes from "  Sledgehammer , " his popular 1986 stop-motion music video that MTV tells Mashable is one of the most-played clips ever on the TV network . An interactive tab on the former Genesis rocker 's Facebook page allows his fans to pick a scene from the music video , record a re-creation or upload an existing YouTube clip and vote for the best submissions . SEE ALSO : Conor Maynard Crowdsources Concert Spots With ` MayniacMap ' The "  Grab Your Sledgehammer " contest is tied to the 25th anniversary of Gabriel 's "  So " album , which will be re-released Oct. 22 in three different versions  see video below  . One winner will receive a TDKperformance Wireless Boombox and autographed artwork , while 30 runners-up will earn "  Sledgehammer " posters . The "  Sledgehammer " video won nine MTV Video Music Awards in 1987 . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	"  Grab Your Sledgehammer " lets fans recreate scenes from Peter Gabriel 's iconic music video Facebook contest is tied to the 25th anniversary of Gabriel 's album , "  So "
Though no longer a hurricane , Sandy still brings the threat of flooding , snow and massive power outages to millions . The deadly storm wreaked havoc as it made landfall Monday night , and many evacuees remain in temporary shelters . Even residents riding out the storm at home face significant damage and a tough cleanup in the days ahead . Relief groups are already working to make sure everyone affected by the storm is cared for , and you can help . Donate blood -- The Red Cross had to cancel about 300 blood drives because of the storm and supplies are running low . Visit RedCrossBlood.org or call 1-800-RED-CROSS to schedule a donation appointment in your area . The New York Blood Center is also collecting blood donations in the New York/New Jersey area . Give food and shelter -- The Red Cross and the Salvation Army are providing emergency shelter and meals for evacuees . Help children in need -- Save the Children and World Vision are paying special attention to the needs of children affected by the storm . Care for animals -- The Humane Society of the United States and the American Humane Association have teams working to save the lives of animals caught in the storm . Provide emergency supplies -- AmeriCares , Catholic Charities USA , Direct Relief International , Feeding America and Operation Blessing International are providing food , medical supplies , emergency kits and support for people in need . Join in the cleanup -- Team Rubicon has dispatched veteran field teams to start working right away , and Samaritan 's Purse is looking for volunteers to help rebuild after the storm passes . Help outside the U.S. -- Hurricane Sandy took a deadly toll on the Caribbean before it hit the United States . Operation USA and the International Medical Corps are helping people affected by Sandy in Haiti and Cuba . Operation USA is also providing aid to the East Coast . Say informed - For more ways to help , visit Impact Your World . If you are in the Northeast and know of a need where you live , tweet @CNNImpact . If you are planning to give to a nonprofit in the wake of any disaster , verify that it is legitimate . Charity evaluators like Guidestar and Charity Navigator are good ways to check that the organization you 're donating to is established and your funds will go where you intend . Volunteer key as Sandy cleanup begins	Hurricane Sandy wreaked havoc on millions of people as it made landfall Monday Relief groups are working to take care of those affected There are ways you can help from wherever you are If you choose to donate , make sure the charity is legitimate
New Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- Joshua Komisarjevsky , the second man to be tried in connection with a deadly 2007 Connecticut home invasion , was found guilty on all counts during the second day of deliberations Thursday in a case that drew worldwide attention and sparked broader discussions about safety in the home . Komisarjevsky was convicted of 17 charges , including three counts of murder , four counts of kidnapping , and charges of burglary , arson and assault . He could receive the death penalty . On Tuesday , the jurors heard lawyers ' final pleas in the case as prosecutors cast Komisarjevsky , 31 , as the instigator of the attack , while the defense insisted "  he did not want anyone to die . " The trial has gone on for a little over three weeks , during which time jurors heard emotional testimony detailing the deaths of Jennifer Hawke-Petit and her daughters -- 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit . Steven Hayes , the first defendant to stand trial , was sentenced to death in December 2010 after a jury convicted him on 16 of 17 charges . Prosecutors had argued that Hayes and Komisarjevsky went into the Petit home , beat and tied up Dr. William Petit , raped and strangled his wife , molested one of their daughters , and set the house on fire before attempting to flee . The two daughters , who were both tied to their beds , died of smoke inhalation , though William Petit managed to escape . Before assaulting and killing Hawke-Petit , Hayes forced her to go to a bank and withdraw $ 15,000 from an account after finding evidence the account held between $ 20,000 and $ 30,000 , authorities said . As the verdict was read , the victims ' family members wept openly . Petit called Thursday 's verdict "  a relief , " describing Komisarjevsky as "  a lying sociopathic personality . " "  I personally felt this case was a case about sexual predation , " he said . "  There is just a huge plague of violence against women in this country . " He added that he wondered what it would have been like "  if I had two sons , instead of two daughters . " Standing sullen-faced before reporters in front of a New Haven courthouse , Petit said there are only "  occasional moments of peace . " "  It 's not clear to me that time heals all wounds ... but you form some scars . " Petit also reminded reporters that the case had not reached its conclusion . "  We still have the penalty phase to go through , " he said . The sentencing phase of the trial is set for 10 a.m. October 24 .	Petit calls the verdict "  a relief , " describing Komisarjevsky as "  a lying sociopathic personality " "  I personally felt this case was a case about sexual predation , " Petit says Sentencing phase of the trial is set for 10 a.m. EDT on Oct. 24 As the verdict is read , the victims ' family members weep openly
CNN  -- Federal authorities have launched a criminal investigation into the practices at the company linked to a fungal meningitis outbreak blamed for 23 deaths , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick told reporters Tuesday . In addition , the Board of Registration in Pharmacy has voted to revoke permanently the New England Compounding Center 's license to operate in Massachusetts as well as the licenses of the company 's three principal pharmacists , Patrick said . The announcements came in the wake of a damning nine-page report , released Tuesday by the board , which is part of the state 's Department of Public Health . Investigators for the state 's DPH , working with their counterparts at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , "  identified serious deficiencies and significant violations of pharmacy law and regulations that clearly placed the public 's health at risk , " it said . According to the investigator 's preliminary findings , the Compounding Center : -- Distributed large quantities of its products to facilities , "  apparently for general use rather than requiring a prescription for an individual patient " as state law requires . -- Distributed two recalled lots of methylprednisolone acetate before it had learned the results of sterility tests . -- Did not follow proper sterilization standards . -- Produced vials of methylprednisolone that were later recalled that contained "  visible black particulate matter . " -- Failed to thoroughly clean powder hoods , which are intended to protect pharmacists from inhaling substances while medication is being prepared , which "  may subsequently lead to contamination of compounded medications . " -- Used "  visibly soiled " mats outside "  clean rooms , " potentially leading to their contamination . -- Failed to repair a leaking boiler adjacent to the clean room , which resulted in a pool of water around the boiler and adjacent walls creating an unsanitary condition . Patrick said the state would begin making unannounced inspections of pharmacies that prepare injectable medications and require that they submit annual reports detailing what they produce , how much of it and where it is distributed . "  It is now clear that the New England Compounding Center violated state law and endangered the health of countless patients , " said U.S. Rep. Edward J. Markey , D-Massachusetts , in a statement . The senior member of the Energy and Commerce Committee , which has jurisdiction over the FDA , vowed to introduce legislation to improve safety of drugs made by compounding pharmacies . The incident began unfolding on September 24 , when the department said it was notified about a cluster of six rare fungal meningitis cases in Tennessee . The patients shared several risk factors , including an epidural injection of a steroid -- methylprednisolone acetate 80 mg/ml preservative free -- that had been compounded at NECC in Framingham , Massachusetts . The department soon learned that the suspect product had been distributed to more than 14,000 patients in 23 states . Investigators arriving at the company on September 26 "  found NECC employees cleaning sterile compounding areas and and conducting environmental testing , " the report says . "  DPH investigators also detected signs of bleach decontamination in the compounding areas . " DPH has asked two other companies -- Ameridose and Alaunus Pharmaceutical -- to cease all pharmacy operations based on their shared ownership and leadership with New England Compounding Center . On October 15 , federal authorities said that another NECC steroid injection , triamcinolone acetonide , might have caused a patient to acquire fungal meningitis , and they began contacting all 192 state facilities that received any NECC injectable products . Three days later , the FDA confirmed that sealed vials of methylprednisolone acetate had been contaminated with fungi . On Monday , the board authorized DPH staff to seek the permanent surrender of the licenses of the NECC principals , who are prohibited from practicing pharmacy throughout any appeals . "  NECC 's transparency in dealing with the board since inception in 1998 demonstrates its good faith intention to operate in compliance with the requirements of its license , " said Paul Cirel , a Boston-based lawyer representing the compounder , in a statement on Tuesday . "  Furthermore , the company 's intention and best efforts at compliance are equally applicable in every other state in which it has been licensed . " Tuesday 's events came a day after the Food and Drug Administration posted on its website a list of more than 1,200 hospitals and clinics that it said had purchased drugs from the compounding center that , if contaminated , would be especially dangerous . But the agency took down the list after discovering inaccuracies . "  FDA has found some technical problems with the list and the data are incorrect , " the agency said in a statement on its website . "  FDA is working to correct the list and will re-post when we are sure it is accurate . " Tennessee has been the hardest-hit state in the meningitis outbreak , with 70 cases as of Tuesday , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Michigan is a close second , with 68 cases as of Tuesday . In all , 308 cases have been tallied . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen and John Bonifield contributed to this report	Massachusetts governor cites revocation of company 's license to operate in the state New England Compounding Center linked to deadly fungal meningitis outbreak NECC 's three principal pharmacists are also losing their licenses , he says Announcement comes in the wake of a damning report by the Department of Public Health
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- The ex-wife of former Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra returned to Bangkok Friday to visit her ailing mother , a source close to the family told CNN . Pojaman Shinawatra arriving at a court in the Thai capital in July . Pojaman Shinawatra , 51 , and Thaksin went into exile in July , after a court sentenced her to three years imprisonment for tax evasion . She has appealed the conviction and is free on bail . There was no information on how long she might stay in the country . The two , who have been living in Hong Kong , divorced there in November . Thailand has been steeped in political turmoil since Thaksin was ousted in a 2006 coup and left the country . He was convicted in absentia of abusing power . Anti-government demonstrators who closed down Bangkok 's main airport for a week want Thaksin extradited and tried on the corruption charges . The airport reopened Wednesday . Although Thaksin was removed from power in a coup in 2006 , protesters have accused successive governments and the People Power Party  PPP  of serving as proxies for Thaksin . He returned to Thailand after PPP 's victory in 2007 , but fled the country again just as he was to appear in the corruption case . -- CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Pojaman Shinawatra , 51 , and Thaksin went into exile in July Had been sentenced to three years imprisonment for tax evasion Divorced from Thaksin in November -- couple had been living in Hong Kong
CNN  -- "  China is not on the Internet , it 's basically an intranet . Everything is banned by the Great Firewall , " says Sherman So , co-author of "  Red Wired : China 's Internet Revolution . " Sherman So , author of "  Red Wired , " talks about China 's online habits and Internet culture . With 338 million Internet users in June 2009 , according to the China Internet Network Information Center  CNNIC  , China is no longer a niche market of the online industry . Chinese is the second most common language on the Internet , according to The Economist , and quickly gaining ground on English . As the former technology writer for Hong Kong 's daily English-language newspaper , South China Morning Post , So has been following closely China 's exponential Internet developments over the past decade . What inspired her to write "  Red Wired " was the chasm in online culture on either side of China 's carefully controlled borders . "  The information gap between those who are from this part of the world and who know Chinese and those who are from another part of world and who do n't is just so huge , " observes So . "  I 've talked to lots of investors , analysts , visitors to Hong Kong , and they really do n't know what 's happening in China . They ask the silliest questions about China and the Internet . " "  Red Wired " tells the stories behind China 's homegrown online start-ups , often overtaking dominant start-ups that have been successful in the West but which flailed after venturing into Chinese territory . One anecdote involves an advertisement by Baidu , China 's most popular search engine , teasing Google China for not knowing Chinese . Google focused on high-end technology rather than Chinese linguistics . From 2002 to 2005 , Google 's Chinese site also suffered interference from the Chinese government , which redirected users to Baidu whenever Google 's search results failed to comply with China 's censorship rules . Although Google China has since learned the lingo and learned to cooperate with the higher order , it still trails Baidu with only 28 percent of the search-engine market share , compared to Baidu 's 63 percent , according to a 2008 study by Analysys International . Conquering the Internet with Chinese characteristics So what are the unique characteristics of China 's Netizens ? While 25.5 percent of the Chinese population is now online , CNNIC 's 2008 statistics sketch a relatively coherent portrait of the mainstream majority of them : 67 percent are below the age of 30 ; 73 percent have only a high school education or lower ; 33 percent are students ; and 28 percent fall into the lowest income bracket of under $ 75 per month . Moreover , 78 percent go online at home and 42 percent log on at an Internet cafe . Once connected , 84 percent listen to music , 75 percent instant-message , 63 percent play online games , and only 57 percent e-mail . In short , for the vast majority of Chinese , Internet means play , not work . One could conclude that an Internet entrepreneur 's target audience in China is teenage and twenty-something students , low-end consumers in search of entertainment with plenty of time to kill . Among the most salient of China 's Internet start-ups are those that innovated on proven Western models by successfully adapting them to the Chinese market . Tencent , with a 77 percent market share of instant messaging services nationwide , is one of the start-ups that gets it . Tencent is now the largest Internet company in China . "  What really made -LSB- Tencent founder -RSB- Pony Ma stand out is that he viewed his QQ instant messenger differently from other IM services such as MSN and Yahoo , " says So . "  They viewed IM as a two-way communication , so made it as efficient as possible . They targeted the high-end white-collar users , thinking they 're rich , advertisers will love them , they 'll buy additional services . "  Ma thought differently . QQ was a community targeting low-end users -- kids , factory workers . They do n't need efficiency , they come online to kill time , to be entertained , to talk with friends , not to do work . " In a China where economic growth comes at different speeds , So believes that the Internet has leveled out the playing field . "  The online population in China comes from very modest families , " she says . "  Forty percent go online at Internet cafes , which is the cheapest entertainment alternative you can find . It costs just 30 cents per hour . The poorest kid can afford that , and these Internet cafes can be found in the most remote regions . "  So actually the Internet is flattening out this information gap , if not material gap , because even the poorest kid in China can go online and get information . And because of piracy , they can also download lots of stuff for free . " Sea turtle power Another recurring factor of success among Chinese Internet start-ups is their founders ' extensive experience working in Silicon Valley before returning to China to launch their own business . A person who has returned to China from overseas is known in Mandarin as "  hai gui , " which sounds the same as the Mandarin words for "  sea turtle . " Such entrepreneurial returnees include Baidu 's Robin Li , Sohu 's Charles Zhang and Ctrip 's James Liang . "  Sea turtles bring in new ideas , " says So . "  Like what is a search engine ? " "  Robin Li was an engineer with a patent on search mechanism , and he wanted to build a Chinese search engine . He brought in the idea , the technology and the funding . While he was still working for Infoseek in Silicon Valley , he got $ 1.2 million from former executives of Inktomi . Then he went back to China and recruited students and teachers from Peking University , and he built Baidu in a year . "  Finally -LSB- the sea turtle CEOs -RSB- go to the Nasdaq for IPO listing , because that is where the market really understands the Internet and can appreciate what they did . " Likewise , China is growing from both foreign interaction and the new technological and political challenges of online culture and commerce . As the "  Great Intranet " continues to expand and evolve , China continues to explore the fragile balance between censorship and control , and enterprise and innovation .	China counts 338 million Internet users , but only 25.5 percent of its population Majority of Chinese Netizens are low-end users in search of entertainment Internet in China has made information and popular culture accessible to all Chinese "  sea turtles " bring back knowledge and resources from Silicon Valley
AOL Autos  -- Well , it was bound to happen . The high-tech arms race has escalated once again . No , we 're not talking about military weaponry . It all started with the radar guns used by police officers to detect speeders . We 're talking about the tech-driven cat-and-mouse game between law-enforcement agencies and motorists when it comes to setting and avoiding speed traps . It all started , of course , with the radar guns used by police officers to detect speeders . Then came radar detectors used by motorists who wanted to skedaddle faster than posted speed limits . Then police began using laser units which are more effective and more accurate than radar guns and so on and so on . Now , the latest "  upgrade " in this ongoing game of high-tech one-upmanship : Trapster . Trapster is a service developed and run by Pete Tenereillo of Carlsbad , California , and is essentially a cell-phone social network that allows motorists to hook up with one another for the purpose of issuing real-time alerts about the location of speed traps . Trapster works like this : Go to the Web site , and sign up for a free membership . Then download the Trapster software to your cell phone or PDA . Tenereillo said that most current-generation cell phones , Blackberries and other PDA 's can accommodate the Trapster software . Then , you 're ready to hit the road . And once you 're tooling down the highway , if you spot a state trooper or city cop lying in wait with a radar gun or laser unit , you just need to punch in "  pound one " on your cell phone -- or dial a toll-free number . Other users are then alerted on their cell phones or PDA when they approach the same speed trap . "  One great thing about that is that it 's hands-free , " says Tenereillo . "  You do n't have to be looking at the phone or even be holding it to be notified of the speed trap -- which , of course , is safer , because you do n't have to take your eyes off the road to be notified of the trap . " The more sophisticated cell phones/PDAs can also display a map that displays the exact location of the speed trap . "  But obviously , people should pull over if they 're going to look at the map , " Tenereillo added . Trapster was launched in April , and while Tenereillo declined to comment on the exact number of subscribers , he did say the site is booming . "  We 're going crazy , we 've had so many people sign up that it 's been hard to keep up with , " he said . "  We initially had some capacity issues as a result , so we had to re-do some of the architecture . " Tenereillo said one thing that surprised him is that "  about half of our initial subscribers were soccer moms . But , when you think about it , that makes sense , they 're in the car the most , and they take a lot of short trips , driving their kids to and from school , soccer practice , music lessons , etcetera -- so they 're the ones getting the worst tickets , like for driving 53 -LSB- mph -RSB- in a 35 -LSB- mph -RSB- zone . Those are worse tickets than the ones you get out on the highway because judges show no mercy when it comes to speeding in residential neighborhoods or adjacent surface streets . " In May , Trapster also became integrated with Dash Navigation Inc. , an Internet-connected GPS device for vehicles that can be mounted on the dashboard . Trapster relies partly on the WiFi technology provided Skyhook Wireless Inc. , a Boston-based firm that provides positioning services that depend on various WiFi access points . It also relies in part on satellite-based Global Positioning Systems . "  The reason that Skyhook is a great partner for us is that , if you have a handset that only has GPS , that takes a few minutes after you turn it on before it gets a fix on the location of a speed trap , " says Tenereillo . "  But Skyhook 's WiFi technology is instantaneous ; it can tell you immediately if there is a cop with a radar gun in your vicinity . " "  Pete needed to get Trapster into as many handsets as possible , as many different types of phones and PDAs as he could , in order to build a large interactive social network , " Ted Morgan , Skybook 's CEO , explained . "  A big challenge for a service like Trapster is that it requires the phone to know its own location . So , by integrating our technology , it enabled Trapster to expand the potential pool of phones they could get service onto . "  We take advantage of the fact that there are WiFi access points almost everywhere in populated areas -- homes , offices , Starbucks stores , etc , " Morgan said . "  We have crews that go out and survey every street , we 've covered over a million miles of road , which covers 70 percent of the population . We 've now mapped over 40 million access points . " As mentioned , Trapster also relies in part on satellite-based GPS , but using GPS alone is not enough to ensure "  total coverage " for a system like Trapster , Morgan said . "  Our WiFi system works in a way that is similar to GPS , except that , instead of using satellites , we use the WiFi signals that permeate through most populated areas . GPS has some limitations , in that the cell phone manufacturer has to add it to the phone , and GPS also does not work as well in crowded urban areas . " Tenereillo expanded , saying , "  What 's also great about Trapster is that it can work with handsets that have GPS , or , it can work with handsets that do n't have GPS , because of the WiFi technology provided by Skyhook . " One would think that law enforcement would take a dim view of a company/service like Trapster -- since you could look at it as a service that is enabling speeders to escape detection . But both Tenereillo and Morgan point out that the opposite is true . "  We have a quote on our Web site from the National Association of Police Organizations that states a service like Trapster is actually a positive , " says Tenereillo . "  Because , if one driver warns everyone else that there is a speed trap at a certain location , then everyone slows down -- which , after all , is the whole purpose of a speed trap , getting drivers to slow down . "	Trapster is a cell-phone social network that allows motorists to alert others Users send alerts via cell phone regarding locations of speed traps In May , Trapster became integrated with Dash Navigation Inc. . Police : Services like Trapster actually a positive ; it gets people to slow down
CNN  -- A new feature from Google will let you e-mail just about anyone with a Google + account , and , in turn , give them the ability to e-mail you . The feature , announced on the official Gmail blog , wo n't give your actual e-mail address to strangers . But when a Gmail user begins typing in the address box , it will provide suggestions including people in their Google + network . The idea , Google says , is to make it easier to contact friends and other contacts when you 've forgotten , or never had , their e-mail address . But some early reactions suggested the new change may make it too easy . "  Oh god no . . Another reason to hate Google + , " wrote Jeff Roberts , a reporter for tech blog GigaOM , on Twitter . "  They turned it into a stalking tool . " Others , like Chris Taylor of Mashable , said it looks like another attempt to push users to Google + , which , as a social network , has never presented a real challenge to Facebook , though Google has continued to integrate it into other , more popular , products like YouTube and , now , Gmail . "  What  CEO Larry  Page and Google seem maddeningly unaware of is that nobody can ever be forced into having a party , " Taylor wrote . "  That in fact , the forcing is what makes a party impossible . " Google , clearly anticipating the privacy concerns , notes that users may limit the feature , or opt out of it entirely . While the default G + setting will allow anyone on Google + to contact you , users may limit that access to people in their Circles on the network , or to nobody at all . There are other limits , too . A user may only e-mail you using the system once if you do n't reply  addressing the stalking concerns , perhaps  . And messages from people who are not in your G + Circles will go into the "  Social " folder , along with other posts from sites like G + , Facebook and Twitter , instead of the user 's primary inbox . Google said the feature will be rolling out to Gmail and Google + users over the next couple of days , when they will receive a message with a link to the feature .	New feature means all Google + users can e-mail each other People would n't need to know your e-mail address to send you e-mails Google says feature makes it easier to reach friends Some worry it strips privacy
CNN  -- Few paintings have been more viewed , more analyzed , studied and interpreted , than Leonardo da Vinci 's "  Mona Lisa , " otherwise known as "  La Gioconda . " Despite this , no one has come up with an explanation for that enigmatic smile , or a lot of other details in this painting that , despite all the ink and hot air expended on it , measures a mere 77 by 52 centimeters  about 30 by 21 inches  . In the frigid bowels of a derelict building in central Florence , Italy , that covers the ruins of an old Franciscan convent , a group of researchers is trying to nail down some of the elusive details of the woman featured in the iconic painting . It is here that old city records say the woman who posed for the painting , Lisa Gherardini , the second wife of wealthy Florentine silk merchant Francesco del Giocondo , was buried . Read more : Unveiling of alternate ` Mona Lisa ' raises questions Silvano Vinceti is leading a team to exhume and identify Gherardini 's remains . Those remains are wrapped in aluminum foil and packed into large Tupperware containers stacked in an old filing cabinet . Vinceti and his colleagues took them out , one by one , and eventually found one packet with what appeared to be skull fragments . "  This is probably it , " Vinceti tells me excitedly , his eyebrows arching . The remains , he says , will be sent for DNA testing to several universities in Italy and abroad , where they will be checked against the DNA of two confirmed relatives of Gherardini buried elsewhere . I ask Vinceti : Why go to all this trouble to find out if this was the woman who posed for da Vinci more than 500 years ago ? "  Once we identify the remains , " he says , gesticulating dramatically , "  we can reconstruct the face , with a margin of error of 2 to 8 percent . By doing this , we will finally be able to answer the question the art historians ca n't : Who was the model for Leonardo ? " I 've seen this before . Several years ago , I did a report about the reconstruction of the face of the Pharaoh Tutankhamen  aka King Tut  by French and American forensic experts using his mummified remains as a model . After piecing together Gherardini 's skull fragments , researchers will be able to reconstruct her face , factoring in that she was probably in her early 20s when she posed for da Vinci . Read more : Scientists unlock secret of Mona Lisa 's face Vinceti has no doubt that da Vinci was commissioned to paint a portrait of Gherardini , but he is not certain whether the painting that now hangs in the Louvre in Paris is of her , or just contains some of her features . For starters , he says , that famous smile is not Gherardini 's . Analysis of the "  Mona Lisa " shows , he says , that "  when Leonardo began painting the model in front of him , he did not draw that metaphysical , ironic , poignant , elusive smile , but rather he painted a person who was dark and depressed . " The smile , he believes , was added later , and probably belongs to da Vinci 's longtime assistant  and rumored lover  Gian Giacomo Caprotti , whose distinct features appear in other works by da Vinci . Other art historians say the "  Mona Lisa " is a surreptitious self-portrait . There is something eccentric , or slightly mad , about Vinceti . A former producer for RAI , the Italian state broadcaster , he speaks in the language of veteran television producers the world over -- emphatic , direct and full of expletives . In the past , he 's produced documentaries about his attempts to solve old art mysteries and plans to do the same with his current project on the "  Mona Lisa . " His high-profile efforts have been criticized by academics , but Vinceti brushes them off with a dismissive snort . Part of his motivation in this current project is a personal identification with da Vinci , who , Vinceti says , "  never went to university , did n't learn Greek or Latin , and was not considered learned . " It will be several months before DNA tests can be conducted and the reconstruction of Gherardini 's face can be completed . And regardless of the results , Vinceti concedes that da Vinci is beyond comprehension : "  This is the magic of a great genius who eludes classification , around whom remains a fog of mystery . I am under no illusion that we will be able to solve the mystery of the ` Mona Lisa . ' Read more : Museum discovers earliest copy of ` Mona Lisa ' "	DNA testing planned for remains of woman thought to be the model for the iconic painting From that , Italian researchers hope to reconstruct the model 's face Former TV producer says he 's sure that a portrait of Lisa Gherardini was commissioned But , he says , he is not sure that Leonardo da Vinci 's painting is completely of her
CNN  -- Delicious cupcakes can make pretty much any situation sweet . So when NBA star LeBron James wanted to apologize to his neighbors in Cleveland for a recent bout of chaos he headed straight for the bakery . His decision to re-sign for his hometown Cavaliers franchise prompted an explosion of joy in the city , and an explosion of interest in him . News crews descended on his property in the Bath Township area of the city as well as fans after he announced he was coming home . And his way of saying sorry to his community was to enlist a local bakery to deliver the treats on behalf of the LeBron James Family Foundation . Contained within the boxes were six "  Just A Kid From Akron Cherry Cola " cupcakes and six "  Homecourt Chocolate Chunk " cupcakes . Attached to the cupcakes was a note that read : "  Dear friends , we know things have been hectic in our neighborhood these past few weeks and we are sorry for the chaos . "  We are so thankful to live in this wonderful community and we are so blessed to have understanding neighbors like you . " James is one of the NBA 's biggest stars and left the Cavs in storm of controversy in 2010 when he announced he was signing for the Miami Heat in a televised special called "  The Decision . " A minority of Cavs fans still have n't forgiven James for walking out on his local team but he went on to win back-to-back NBA Championships with the Heat . His announcement on July 11 prompted a wave of euphoria in Cleveland , with "  Welcome Home " banners plastered all over the city .	LeBron James sends cupcakes to his neighbors in Cleveland by way of apology NBA star 's recent return to Cleveland has caused a commotion in his neighborhood James recently signed for the Cavaliers , the team where he made his name Cupcakes come with a note that says : "  We are sorry for the chaos "
Burrowing by hand and machines , Chinese soldiers and emergency crews toiled on steep , frigid slopes looking for the few missing after a devastating landslide killed dozens of villagers . By early Saturday , word came that the tragedy had struck the mountain community in Gaopo . The landslide killed 46 people in the southwest China village , according to state-run Xinhua news agency . A powerful avalanche of mud and dirt had taken away 10 % of village . Twenty-seven adults , and 19 children . Video from state-run CCTV showed what was once Gaopo , the small community in China 's Yunnan Province . Some houses were crushed ; others had ceased to exist entirely , except for stray bricks that made their way downhill . Earlier , rescuers drenched in mud swarmed the scene , digging fervently with shovels , looking for signs of life . Instead , they found shredded clothes , wallets and other evidence of those killed in the disaster . "  We pulled out several people , one of whom was breathing weakly , " said Li Yongju , 50 , a resident of the neighboring community of Zengjiazhai . "  But after a while , he died . " Zhou Benju was born in the landslide hit area , then married a man from Zengjiazhai and moved there . A loud noise woke her , and later she learned the toll the event had taken on her family . "  In this disaster , ... my grandma , brother , uncle and my aunt 's family members died , " Zhou said , according to Xinhua . The landslide struck Friday morning , triggered by rain and snow that had saturated the largely rocky area for 10 days , Li Lianju , deputy director of the Yunnan Land and Resources Department , told state media . The Zhaojiagou area of Gaopo village had not experienced landslides before , according to Li . But Friday morning , 46 people in the community of 468 people were buried , according to the local civil affairs bureau . Two others suffered nonlife-threatening injuries , Xinhua reported . The disaster prompted a massive search and rescue effort that included more than 20 excavators and front-end loaders . And there were more than 1,000 soldiers , police , firefighters and mine rescuers participating in the effort , local officials said .	A landslide hits Friday morning in southwest China It buries 27 adults and 19 children , officials say The disaster prompts a large-scale rescue and relief effort
Mashable  -- Twitter announced an internal patent agreement on Tuesday that it says will empower designers and engineers -- as well as hopefully begin a movement to quell the tech world 's rash of patent infringement lawsuits . Publicly revealed in a blog post and dubbed the Innovator 's Patent Agreement  IPA  , the policy pledges that Twitter will not pursue offensive litigation over patents without the consent of the employees who created them . If someone else sues Twitter over a patent , however , the company can use patents awarded to employees or former employees to defend itself . The IPA has been greeted by many developers as an important step away from the "  patent trolling " that many tech companies have been accused of recently -- most notably Intellectual Ventures , founded by Microsoft veteran Nathan Myhrvold , as well as Yahoo . Yahoo sued Facebook in March for infringement regarding 10 patents in a move many in the tech world saw as an attempt at extortion . In an opinion piece for Wired , Upcoming.org founder and former Yahoo employee Andy Baio called the suit "  an attack on invention and the hacker ethic , " explaining why support for Twitter 's IPA has been strong . Take , for example , the popular "  pull-to-refresh " function found in Twitter 's iPhone app . News that Twitter had moved to patent the technology -- credited to Loren Brichter , founder of Tweetie , which Twitter acquired in 2010 -- stirred some consternation among techies that the company could pursue aggressive litigation down the line . The new IPA -- which applies retroactively to patents the company has already filed and still gives designers and engineers ultimate power after they leave Twitter -- essentially rules that out . Brichter endorsed the move in a tweet on Tuesday : @lorenb : Big news for pull-to-refresh , and other patents : blog.twitter.com/2012/04/introd ... Incredibly happy to see this moving forward . In Twitter 's blog post , vice president of engineering Adam Messinger says the company has begun to "  reach out to other companies to discuss the IPA and whether it might make sense to them , too . " Twitter also posted a draft of the agreement to the online open-source archive GitHub as a way to further spread the word . The move to more formally adopted agreements like Twitter 's appears to have already gained some traction among tech companies , as well as developers : Foursquare 's engineering lead Harry Heymann said he 's a "  big fan " of the move ; Facebook has expressed support for the idea ; and the British startup Multizone committed to following suit with this tweet : @nuxnix : @adam_messinger the IPA is a great innovation . We will adopt it @multizone as we have been struggling with exactly this issue . Thank you Do you applaud Twitter 's IPA ? Do you think software patents should exist in their present form ? Let us know in the comments . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Twitter announces it will not pursue litigation over patents without consent of employees who created them If Twitter is sued over a patent , the company can defend using the patents awarded to employees The agreement has been greeted by developers as an important step away from "  patent trolling " Twitter has posted a draft of the agreement to GitHub to further spread the word
L.T. Wright and Dan Coppins were craftsmen by trade when they decided to turn their hobby making custom knives into a sharp business idea . The Ohio-based buddies , who worked in the construction industry and shared a love for hunting and crafting , attended their first knife show together in 2007 . The duo was so intrigued that they bought knife blades and products from the grocery store to craft their own knives -- all for $ 20 or less -- as a hobby . "  We went from a hobby standpoint and we were inspired by the knife makers , " Coppins says . Proud of their creations , the friends met one afternoon to discuss going into the knife-making business together to fulfill their shared dream of becoming entrepreneurs . Over coffee , Wright told Coppins the story of his great-great-uncle , who built a shack behind his home in West Virginia with the help of a blind horse and few tools . Thus was born Blind Horse Knives . "  The name of the company and a business model were created before a knife for distribution was even made , " Coppins said . The legacy of a blind horse , a vision and hard work have led Coppins and Wright to craft their own version of the American dream . Devoted to turning their hobby into a small business , the pair quit their jobs and set up shop in the basement of their homes . Financially , both men agree that it was a struggle in the beginning . The duo financed their small business using their own savings . "  We never borrowed money , " Coppins says . "  We were making a fair living before , " Wright says . But after quitting their jobs and creating a business , "  we could n't afford a paycheck . " There were many nights when he second-guessed his decision to start his own business , Wright says . The will came from wanting to provide jobs for local craftsmen and family , and his passion for people and knives . The two crafted knives by hand through sleepless nights in their basements and drive an hour and a half every day to meet and exchange products to distribute . With several knives and nowhere to sell them , the pair attended a gun show where they met arrowhead maker R.W. Wilson , who began to mentor the men , teaching them about handcrafting and inviting them to shows to sell their products at his station . Finally feeling comfortable with the knives they produced , the two committed Blind Horse Knives to the cutlery show BLADE , where they received positive feedback and began taking orders . As the business began to grow , their wives got onboard with Blind Horse Knives with part-time jobs . Wright 's daughter and son-in-law joined the team shortly after . They branded themselves through social media , gun and knife shows , and word of mouth . Instead of focusing on hard times and financial difficulty , the men saw the bigger picture . Asked if they were happy with the results , Coppins says the business is a blessing . "  If you have faith and believe , anything can happen . " Much has happened for Blind Horse Knives . As of 2013 , the collaborators have their own publication , Self-Reliance Illustrated , host BHK Outdoors Radio  a weekend show  and own the first knife show they ever attended . Since it began , Blind Horse Knives has grossed more than $ 1 million and put 23 local craftsmen to work making 250 knives a week that have been delivered around the world , say Coppins and Wright . Their success is measured by customer satisfaction and the personal relationship fostered through every purchase . "  It 's the drive , " Wright says , "  We develop a customer and a friend for life by always pushing to be the best . " "  The American dream is having a house , car and family , but life has its ups and downs . The journey is what got us here . Believe in yourself and learn from the mistakes . Bad situations lead to good opportunities , " Wright says .	Blind Horse Knives was created in 2007 by L.T Wright and Dan Coppins The business partners were once custom stair builders and made a fair living Blind Horse Knives now employs 23 local craftsmen and the product is sold all over the world The business name was inspired by Wright 's great-great-uncle , who owned a blind horse
CNN  -- More than ever , the French are thinking and hearing about sex . Sex in high places , for a change . The thick wall that separated the public and private lives of our ruling elite and kept their backstage manners out of the headlines is now crumbling at a fast pace . And the Dominique Strauss-Kahn earthquake has a lot to do with it . Two criminal cases against the former director of the International Monetary Fund , one closed in New York , the other still pending in northern France after his indictment for alleged promotion of prostitution , have given the press more than an opportunity , a civic obligation to tip-toe around our strict privacy laws and question , for the first time , their cozy gentleman 's agreement with the powerful . Now what ? Things are changing . Today , Jean Quatremer , a journalist at the daily Liberation , tells in his new book how , nearly four years ago , he got the scoop about the opening of an internal investigation at the IMF on DSK 's relationship with a subordinate ; and how his editors of the time killed the story .  The Wall Street Journal finally got the tip  . Until this year , also , excellent journalists at Le Monde like Raphael Bacqué and Ariane Chemin would not have found a publisher willing to release their own book , "  Les Strauss-Kahn , " a chronicle of the life of DSK and his famous journalist wife Anne Sinclair . Now a best-seller , their investigation certainly describes numerous flavors of Strauss-Kahn 's behavior . But it deals more with another relationship , the bizarre ménage à trois between the elite circles , French citizens and the truth . In France , centuries of feudal privileges did not disappear at the birth of the Fifth Republic . In the last 40 years , most privacy laws were created not by the demand of citizens fearing the Big Brother state , but rather by the political class itself , to keep its safe distance from the electorate . And self-censorship ruled . In a recent documentary  about DSK  a French media critic recalled the time when , as a rookie in 1982 , he asked a seasoned correspondent at the Elysée what President Mitterrand did after work . The answer came , in a blasé voice that hinted at a banal routine : "  He leaves his office around 6:30 . Then , he just spends the evening with his second family . " This fact was made public only in 1994 , when Mitterrand gave a green light for a cover picture in Paris Match showing his beloved daughter with him . Just over a year later , she was at his funeral with her mother , an act of public regal recognition that moved the nation . Strauss-Kahn , like other avatars of the system , reveled in his own kind of aristocratic and exclusive playground . Silence and immunity became the measure , the flattering reflection of his growing power and nobility . His demise in France could be seen as the symbolic start of a new era of openness , but we are still in an awkward transition period , where the French public opinion is trying hard to find its mark . Until Nicolas Sarkozy , no president had ever divorced , out of fear it would irritate the shrinking number of Roman Catholics in the electorate , or open a Pandora 's Box of distasteful revelations ; but sexual morality has never been a reliable electoral criterion . Rumors on the internet have upstaged uncertain values , fed cynicism and the rise of populist movements , a blanket ideology of the "  Tous Pourris "  they are all rotten  at the core of the extreme right-wing psyche . But in the current confusion , many French would prefer to maintain good old privacy , especially in its male-friendly version . During the Strauss-Kahn epic , for example , women who dared to connect the dots between his character flaws and eligibility for office , saying they would not vote for a misogynist , were often ridiculed as nuns or man-haters . Most people , in spite of the current publishing frenzy , would rather know less , and keep power on its safe pedestal . That trend started before Strauss-Kahn , when Sarkozy , dumped by his second wife right after his election in 2007 , had to become the president next door , and rebuild his life "  live " with glamorous Carla Bruni . Ironically , for acting like a mere mortal , be it on prime time , in luxurious and idyllic conditions , he was accused of desecrating the presidency : Too visible , too "  bling bling , " too out of touch . His successor , François Hollande , won as "  Mr Normal . " But his life is far from uneventful . His separation with his companion Segolène Royal , a prominent socialist , a former presidential candidate and mother of his four children , totally disturbed their party in 2007 . His flame ever since , now the First Lady , named Valerie Trierweiler , a journalist , is still so consumed by jealousy that she tweeted her support for Segolène 's political opponent during the last parliamentary elections . Her move , a cyber-age rendition of 18th century boudoir warfare , openly contributed to the defeat of her nemesis , ruining her chances to become the President of the Assemblée Nationale . The truth is out now , but it is not certain the French like it that way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Philippe Coste .	Philippe Coste : The DSK cases have given the press the chance to question the powerful The most powerful in society used to enjoy silence and immunity , he says He says DSK 's demise in France could be seen as symbolic of a new era of openness Coste : Despite the current publishing frenzy , most people would rather know less
CNN  -- Funny . Sexist . Sassy . Awkward . Seth MacFarlane was referred to with all these adjectives and more after his gig as host of the 85th Academy Awards on Sunday night . The "  Family Guy " and "  American Dad " creator received mixed reviews for his singing , dancing and jokes , with Time TV critic James Poniewozik dubbing MacFarlane "  American Dud . " "  In the run up to Sunday 's Oscars , ABC promoted the broadcast as : ` Finally ! An Oscars the guys can enjoy ! ' What did that mean , exactly ? " Poniewozik wrote . "  Time for me to turn in my Guy Card , I guess . " Talk Back : Did Seth MacFarlane hit or miss at the Oscars ? MacFarlane is known for his male-centric humor . He is the creator of Ted , a profane stuffed bear who , during his appearance as an Oscars presenter , begged to be let in on the post-ceremony celebrity orgies he had heard so much about . So was there much surprise that one of MacFarlane 's opening numbers was a little ditty titled "  We Saw Your Boobs " ? "  I 'll limit my discussion of ` We Saw Your Boobs ' to noting how , um , nakedly it put into relief a recurring theme in last night 's ceremony : A defensive anxiety about the ascendant power of women  emblematized , later on , by the pairing of the statuesque -LSB- Charlize -RSB- Theron with the wee Dustin Hoffman as awards presenters  , " wrote Slate 's Dana Stevens . ` Oscars 2013 : ` Argo ' all the way According to The Hollywood Reporter , the Anti-Defamation League slammed the host for a joke made by Ted  voiced by MacFarlane  about Jews in Hollywood . "  While we have come to expect inappropriate ` Jews control Hollywood ' jokes from Seth MacFarlane , what he did at the Oscars was offensive and not remotely funny . It only reinforces stereotypes which legitimize anti-Semitism , " the ADL wrote in a statement , according to the Reporter . "  It is sad and disheartening that the Oscars awards show sought to use anti-Jewish stereotypes for laughs . " There were a few uncomfortable moments , such as a date night/domestic violence reference to singer Chris Brown and Rihanna that earned some groans . And you could feel the audience wince when MacFarlane tossed off , "  This is interesting . Daniel Day-Lewis not the first actor to be nominated for playing Lincoln . Raymond Massey portrayed him in 1940 's ` Abe Lincoln In Illinois . ' This is true . I would argue , however , that the actor who really got inside Lincoln 's head was John Wilkes Booth . " After more than a hundred years , can a joke still be too soon ? USA Today 's review called MacFarlane 's hosting performance "  self-indulgent , " noting that "  Oscars fans have seen a lot over the years , but this may be the first time they 've ever seen a host use the awards to audition for his own variety show . " Memorable moments from the show The Atlantic headlined its story "  The Banality of Seth MacFarlane 's Sexism and Racism at the Oscars " and opened with a vignette of the host 's brief introduction of Meryl Streep : "  Our next presenter needs no introduction " before walking away . "  If only he 'd kept his shut more frequently , " they said . Ouch . But Tim Goodman from The Hollywood Reporter praised the Academy 's choice and pointed out that it clearly knew MacFarlane would be a "  polarizing choice . " "  In fact , MacFarlane was relatively tame if you know anything at all about his canon , and he was respectful through and through , " Goodman wrote . "  As a guy who can actually sing and has recorded a successful album  fueling more jealousy and backlash from his detractors  , his pick was more spot-on than anyone gave the Academy credit for . " Even Jennifer Lawrence , who won an Oscar for Best Actress for her turn in "  Silver Linings Playbook " and was name-checked in the boob song , found the humor in it . "  I loved the boob song . I thought he was great . I thought he was hilarious , " she said backstage . But the critics always seem to have the loudest voices , especially the one place you can hear them shriek the loudest : Twitter . Salon pulled some of MacFarlane critiques from the microblogging site , including comic Michael Ian Black 's take : "  Well , WE thought you were great ! " -- Seth McFarlane 's family in about four hours , " Black tweeted .	NEW : Anti-Defamation League slams MacFarlane for Jews in Hollywood joke The world had lots to say about MacFarlane as Oscar host Some of his bits were viewed as sexist One reviewer said Academy took a chance -- and won
CNN  -- The Walt Disney Company has given notice to the Boy Scouts of America that it will pull all funding to the group starting in 2015 because of a BSA membership policy that bans gay leaders , the entertainment company said Friday . Disney does not give money directly to the national organization or local BSA councils . However , through its VoluntEARS program , Disney allows employees to do volunteer work in exchange for cash donations to the charities of their choice . Employees taking part in the VoluntEARS program will no longer be able to submit the funds to the Boy Scouts , the organization said . The new policy will not affect Walt Disney employees who volunteer with the Scouts , the company said . "  We believe every child deserves the opportunity to be a part of the Scouting experience , and we are disappointed in this decision because it will impact our ability to serve kids , " BSA spokesman Deron Smith said in a statement . "  America 's youth need Scouting , and by continuing to focus on the goals that unite us , we continue to accomplish incredible things for young people and the communities we serve . " Though the Boy Scouts voted last year to allow gay youths to join its ranks , the group maintains a ban on gay Scout leaders . According to Disney 's charitable giving guidelines , groups become ineligible to receive Disney funding if they "  discriminate in the provision of services unlawfully or in a manner inconsistent with Disney 's policies on the basis of race , religion , color , sex , national origin , age , marital status , mental or physical ability , or sexual orientation . " Disney would not divulge its formula for converting volunteer hours to dollars , but a chart on Disney 's corporate website shows that in 2010 , employees raised $ 4.8 million via 548,000 volunteer hours , which works out to $ 8.79 an hour . Among the events for which employees volunteered were a triathlon for Children 's Hospital Los Angeles , the Revlon Run-Walk for cancer , Children 's Hospital of Orange County Walk at Disneyland Resort and the Champion 5K at ESPN for the V Foundation , according to Disney . Deena Fidas , the director of workplace equality for the Human Rights Campaign , said Disney 's decision "  carries a unique weight . When you think about brands that exemplify childhood , you think of Disney , and with them dissociating with BSA , it speaks volumes of where we are with the views we want to send to young people . " In a recent report , HRC cited numerous victories in its quest to ensure workplace equality and applauded the majority of Fortune 500 companies that now offer sexual-orientation and gender-identity protections to their employees . Despite that , "  we know that over 50 % of  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  employees remain closeted on the job , " the report said . On Thursday , Scouts for Equality , which says it works to end discrimination within the BSA , praised Walt Disney World for ending local support for the BSA 's Central Florida Council . "  We 're never happy to see Scouting suffer as a result of the BSA 's anti-gay policy , but Disney made the right decision to withhold support until Scouting is fully inclusive , " Eagle Scout and Scouts for Equality co-founder Zach Wahls said in a statement . Scouts for Equality says Disney joins Lockheed Martin , Caterpillar , Major League Soccer , Merck , Intel and UPS as companies who have ended partnerships with the Scouts because of its policy . Fidas said Alcoa and AT&T are also on that list . Openly gay youth now welcome in Boy Scouts of America	A Disney program allowed employees to give to the Boy Scouts , but no more "  We are disappointed in the decision , " Boy Scouts spokesman says Company says its employees raised $ 4.8 million for charities in 2010 Disney joins Lockheed Martin , MLS , UPS in ending Boy Scouts partnership
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexican authorities say they 've arrested three additional suspects connected to the kidnapping of 13 youths from a bar in the country 's capital . Federal prosecutors told reporters that Jonathan Robles , Pedro Francisco Paz Lopez and Fernando Fernandez Sanchez are suspected in connection with the kidnapping and killing of the youths . The mysterious mass kidnapping from the Heaven after-hours bar in May drew international attention after furious family members protested , claiming authorities were n't taking the case seriously . The allegations have sparked concerns about whether violence has surged into Mexico City , where residents largely have been spared from drug war casualties seen in other parts of the country . Last month authorities said they 'd found the missing youths ' bodies in a shallow grave near Mexico City . Mexico City Prosecutor Rodolfo Rios Garza said last month that the motive for the killing was revenge for a slaying that occurred in another bar in the capital . At least seven other suspects have been arrested in the case . Victims ' family members have said they do n't trust Mexican authorities and have called for an independent international investigation of the case . CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Fidel Gutierrez and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Federal prosecutors say they arrested three additional suspects The mysterious mass kidnapping in May jolted Mexico City Victims ' family members have said they do n't trust authorities
Washington  CNN  Triumphant Republicans return to Washington Wednesday to prepare for a new era of GOP dominance on both sides of the Capitol . But first , they have to get through a short , final Senate session under Democratic control . The post-election lame duck session should be fast-paced as lawmakers work to clear leftover business , including a must pass bill to fund the government , and other bills to arm Syrian rebels and extend expiring tax breaks . Republican leaders are anxious to start the new Congress in January with a clean slate when they could control as many as 54 seats . Senators who were defeated in the last election must return to the Capitol to vote on these items . But newly-elected senators , excited after their victories , ca n't vote until they are sworn-in in January . The incoming freshmen will be here for three days of intensive orientation . Unlike past orientations , when senators were given heavy binders and detailed briefings about foreign policy , national security , and other current topics , this week 's sessions will deal more with the practical matters of operating a Senate office , including hiring , disbursement , and ethics rules . They will be conducted by individual senators who will share their experiences . There will be a special dinner honoring the new members and their spouses Wednesday night in the Capitol . The incoming members will also be assigned temporary office space for use until they move into their permanent digs sometime next year . Like an overcrowded elementary school , those offices will be housed in trailers sandwiched into the courtyard of the Russell Senate office building . While the lame duck agenda is packed , one controversial item the Senate may not deal with until next year is approving Loretta Lynch to be the new Attorney General . Democrats signaled Tuesday they are unlikely to try to confirm her even though if they moved now , they could approve her with just Democratic votes . Democrats say Lynch , who has been confirmed twice by the Senate , is highly qualified and will be approved regardless of who controls the chamber . "  There may be some who feel they have to vote no simply because it 's a nominee by President Obama , " Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , said in an MSNBC interview Tuesday . "  But the vast majority of Republicans and Democrats will vote for her . She 's superbly qualified . " However , most Republicans do n't want to rush the process , preferring to explore more carefully Lynch 's background and views on immigration and other hot-button subjects . "  Ms. Lynch will receive fair consideration by the Senate . And her nomination should be considered in the new Congress through regular order , " Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell warned over the weekend . Tensions between the parties are already high after a bruising two-year session that was marked by gridlock and partisanship . Senators are now bracing for President Barack Obama to announce controversial executive orders to change immigration laws , which could be released during the lame duck . Lawmakers and aides are guessing the President will wait until after December 11 , which is when Congress needs to clear that critical funding bill to keep government operating . Republicans are vehemently opposed to Obama revising immigration laws on his own and have warned that doing so could make it difficult to get anything of consequence done during the lame duck . "  What the President does over the next two months is really going to set the tone for the next two years in Washington , " Sen. John Barrasso of Wyoming , a member of the GOP leadership , said on Fox News Sunday . "  So , I think it would be like the President pulling the pin out of the hand grenade and throwing  it  in as we 're actually trying to work together . I 'm hoping that cooler heads at the White House prevail . " Other items Senate Democratic leaders hope to bring to the floor include a package that would extend some personal and business tax breaks set to run out at the end of the year along with the annual Department of Defense bill that will likely include extending approval Congress already gave for training and equipping Syrian rebels . They will also vote on billions in new funding for the Ebola outbreak in West Africa , billions more for the military operations against ISIS , and possibly an NSA reform bill written by the Democratic chairman of the Judiciary Committee , which would rein in the government 's ability to make bulk collections of phone and Internet data . However , Republicans are doubtful this bill will be debated now . Senate Democratic leaders are considering a vote on the Keystone pipeline during the lame duck , according to a source familiar with the issue . A decision has n't been finalized but such a move could boost Louisiana Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu in her run off race . Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid , meanwhile , also has a long list presidential nominations he wants to clear . The Senate could start debate on authorization of military force to give formal approval for U.S. military action in Syria and Iraq . However , aides in both parties said that vote on any new authorization will likely be put off until the new Congress . The U.S. / Iranian nuclear talks could also take center stage during the lame duck , as those negotiations hit a critical deadline Nov. 24 . There is bipartisan support in the Senate for new sanctions against Iran if those talks fail . New and returning senators will gather privately Thursday morning in the Capitol to elect new leadership for their respective caucuses . There are no major changes expected in the leadership ranks , with Sen. Mitch McConnell set to become majority leader and Reid set to become minority leader . Will Congress kill an Iran nuclear deal ?	Congress returns to Washington Wednesday Lame duck session marks final few weeks of Democratic control in the Senate
CNN  -- Since 2008 , Richard St. Denis and his nonprofit , World Access Project , have provided hundreds of wheelchairs and mobility aids to people living with disabilities in rural Mexico . St. Denis and his group also teach recipients how to use their chairs and maximize their quality of life . CNN asked St. Denis for his thoughts on being chosen as one of the Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 . CNN : Where were you when you got the call that you 'd been selected as a Top 10 CNN Hero ? Richard St. Denis : I was at home in Santiago Casandeje , Mexico . I was completely surprised . I am honored to be one of the Top 10 . The door has been opened to show the world the huge need for wheelchairs in Mexico , the plight of those who are stuck in their house because they ca n't move , and all the lives we are changing . CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean to the World Access Project ? St. Denis : I hope that many people and organizations will come alongside of World Access Project to help provide mobility and a better quality of life to the many disabled of Mexico . ... I hope that people will realize that poverty is poverty and  that  those who have so much  should  help those in desperate need , in whatever country . I hope new volunteers , individuals or organizations -- from schools , churches -- will come to Mexico to give away a wheelchair , to encourage , to inspire and to change a life . I started this organization because I saw the happiness , joy and ability of Leti , a 17-year-old girl who I gave her first wheelchair . When American volunteers participate in a wheelchair donation , they realize the huge difference they can make in another person 's life and the unexplainable feeling of watching someone get up off the floor into their first wheelchair . The one who receives the wheelchair laughs , and the mother cries tears of joy . I hope that not a single used wheelchair in the U.S. will ever be thrown into a dump and that every wheelchair that is sitting in a garage or basement will now be given to someone who desperately needs it . I hope this award means we will be able to provide a new life and opportunities to all those in Mexico who deserve to be as independent and successful as people with disabilities in the U.S. CNN : How will you use the $ 50,000 award that you receive for being selected as a Top 10 CNN Hero ? St. Denis : Every penny will go to World Access Project to continue the work we 're doing . In the past couple months , our financial levels have been dropping , and I was wondering if we would last another year . We have new cities we want to go to , and there are thousands of people in Mexico who need wheelchairs . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? St. Denis : In many rural , impoverished , uneducated areas of Mexico , people do n't even know what a wheelchair is . They do n't know what their disability is or why they ca n't walk . They have no hope , no expectation for the future , and no resources to change their situation . ... We host clinics and camps to teach them how to use their wheelchairs so they can get out of their house . We use able and disabled volunteers to encourage them and give them hope . The Mexican government is trying to help , but does n't have the financial resources or connections in remote areas to contact or help everyone . Many people in tiny pueblos have no electricity , dirt floors and cook using a wood stove . For a person with a disability to have a wheelchair is an unthought-of luxury . I have seen the lives of many people changed after receiving a wheelchair . Kike , who fell out of a tree when he was 12 , is now an artist and helps support his family . TomÃ ¡ s was in a car accident , is now married , works in Walmart and has been promoted from greeter to the electronics department . Leti is married and has two children . With  a wheelchair , some motivation , a new perspective , love -- a new life is created . No degree , no training , no qualification is necessary . Just a willingness to provide mobility , motivate and encourage are all that is needed to help someone get to where they never imagined they could be . Read the full story on CNN Hero Richard St. Denis : Free wheelchairs give new life to rural Mexicans	Richard St. Denis was named one of the Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 Since 2008 , St. Denis has helped provide hundreds of wheelchairs to rural Mexicans St. Denis : "  In many rural areas of Mexico , people do n't even know what a wheelchair is "
Bellefonte , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- With the same decision announced on count after count -- guilty , guilty , guilty -- Jerry Sandusky 's emphatic denials he had sexually abused boys for years became obsolete , closing a chapter in a saga that has gripped Penn State and the nation . After a three-week trial featuring emotional and often graphic testimony from eight of the former Penn State assistant football coach 's victims , a 12-person jury late Friday night convicted him on 45 of 48 counts . There were convictions related to all 10 victims alleged by prosecutors , with the three not-guilty verdicts applying to three individuals . The verdict prompted people in central Pennsylvania to breathe a sigh of relief , believing a man many called a "  monster " would pay the price for his crimes and their impact on his victims , as well as the Penn State community . A neighbor of Sandusky 's said many people connected with the region and the school needed this verdict in order to move on . "  We need some sort of realization ; we need the word ` guilty ' -- that puts a label on what all this is , " Susan Strauss said Saturday . Added Tom Bonerbo , a Penn State football fan for more than 40 years , "  Hopefully , part of the healing process began with last night 's verdict . " Praise for victims ' ` inspiring courage ' On Saturday , for the first full day in his 68 years , Sandusky was an inmate at the Centre County jail . He never took the stand in his own defense -- a decision , his lawyer Joe Amendola said after the verdict , was made because his adopted son Matt Sandusky was ready to testify as a rebuttal witness that he , too , had been sexually abused by Jerry Sandusky . Jurors did hear from eight young men who testified that as boys , Sandusky forced them to engage in sexual acts in showers in Penn State 's athletics facilities , hotel rooms , the basement of his home and other places . The abuse spanned at least 15 years . His conviction prompted the now grown man known as Victim 6 to break down in tears as he hugged prosecutors in the courtroom . But , while satisfied , his mother did not claim victory . "  Nobody wins . We 've all lost , " she said before hugging her son . After Judge John Cleland revoked his bail Friday , Sandusky somberly left the courthouse in handcuffs , silently ducking into a police car as reporters asked him if he had anything to say to his victims . He is on what it is commonly called suicide watch , one of his lawyers Karl Rominger told CNN . The move is a precaution and does not mean his client is suicidal , the lawyer insisted , saying the judge and warden just wanted "  to put the precautions in place first and then evaluate later . " Sandusky will be classified at Pennsylvania 's Camp Hill diagnostic facility before he is likely sent to a sex offender unit in the state prison system , Rominger said . He should be sentenced in about 90 days , according to Cleland . If he gets more than two years , the Pennsylvania Department of Corrections will determine the prison where Sandusky will serve his time . All you need to know about allegations , how case unfolded After his verdict was announced , prosecutors Joe McGettigan and Frank Fina spent time answering questions from jurors about the victims and investigation , a source close to the prosecution said . McGettigan was touched by the jurors ' interest and engagement , according to the source . One of the jurors , Joshua Harper , told NBC 's "  Today " show that he and the four other men and seven women were "  on the same page " as they considered the case and testimony from "  very credible " victims . "  The fact that we saw this corroborating story between all of them , it was very convincing , " Harper said . Rominger said he "  could see tears running down " Sandusky 's face when the verdict was read . But Harper , like others in the courtroom , said he saw little evident reaction -- which he thought was "  just confirmation " the jury made the right call . "  Just the look on his face , no real emotion . Just kind of accepting , because he knew it was true , " the juror said . iReport : Share your reaction Yet , his lawyers say , Sandusky is not ready to admit to his crimes and accept defeat . His defense team has already announced plans to appeal . "  If you win on one of the appeal issues , everything probably falls , " Amendola said . "  All we have to do is convince an appellate court that one of the issues that we will raise is worthy of a reversal . " Rominger pointed to "  a lot of unique legal issues where  Judge Cleland  made rulings that could be overturned , not because they were , per se , wrong , but because the law in the area was so unclear . " He also said "  substantial constitutional questions " surrounded the prosecution 's ability to use an accuser 's claims based on hearsay alone . "  All the convictions could come back on that ruling alone , " Rominger said . Defense lawyers repeatedly failed in their attempts to postpone the trial . Rominger disclosed on his radio program Saturday that he and Amendola had asked to withdraw from the case before jury selection , saying they did n't feel adequately prepared to defend Sandusky . The judge denied the request , said Rominger , who added he never mentioned the issue during the trial because of a gag order in place . ` The Sandusky 8 ' describe seduction , molestation and betrayal Beyond the appeals process , Sandusky could be on trial again to face more charges -- perhaps tied to claims made by his adopted son Matt or related to alleged sexual abuse that took place outside Centre County , including in hotel rooms in Texas and Florida where he had taken accusers to watch Penn State bowl games . And the fallout from the scandal is also far from over for Penn State itself . Two of its former administrators -- Vice President Gary Schultz and Athletic Director Tim Curley -- are awaiting trial on charges of perjury and failing to report abuse . Prosecutors say they did not notify police after former graduate football assistant Mike McQueary informed them he saw Sandusky sodomizing a boy in a university shower in 2002 . Authorities did n't learn about that eyewitness account until years later , and the resulting scandal led to the ouster of iconic head football coach Joe Paterno and university President Graham Spanier . In addition to the testimony of McQueary and a janitor at the school , several victims said that Sandusky repeatedly sexually abused them on Penn State property . What Sandusky has said about child rape allegations In a statement released after Friday night 's verdict , Penn State signaled it wants to seek resolution -- including some sort of financial settlement -- with the victims . "  The university wants to provide a forum where the university can privately , expeditiously and fairly address the victims ' concerns and compensate them for claims relating to the university , " the school said . The Sandusky case has infuriated the Penn State community , not just because of the heinous nature of the crimes , but also because some feel the scandal has unfairly defined the university , students say . "  It 's a relief . Now we can begin to heal , " Penn State senior Karisa Maxwell said of the verdict . "  I 've never seen Jerry Sandusky . He has no affect on my education . For people to say he 's Penn State is disgusting . That 's not the case . " CNN 's Laura Dolan , Susan Candiotti , Elisa Roupenian , Ross Levitt , Jason Carroll , Dana Garrett , Laura Dolan , Holly Yan , Kiran Khalid and Anderson Cooper and In Session 's Michael Christian and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Hopefully , part of the healing process began " with the verdict , a Penn State fan says The ex-coach is guilty on 45 of 48 counts for sexually abusing boys over 15 years A juror says the witnesses were all very credible , jury was "  on the same page " Sandusky has been placed on suicide watch , his attorney says
CNN  -- A phone hacking scandal may have cost Rupert Murdoch his biggest-selling newspaper in 2011 , but the billionaire media mogul managed to end the year with a modest addition to his empire -- an account on Twitter . Within 48 hours of debuting with tweets about family , work and politics , Murdoch had pulled in more than 45,000 followers and stirred internet debate over why the 80-year-old was now embracing a technology often used to attack him . The tweets also raised doubts that the notorious technophobe was writing the messages himself . Twitter creator Jack Dorsey -- one of only four people being followed by Murdoch -- however insisted that the media mogul was writing "  with his own voice , in his own way . " Murdoch appears to have made his Twitter debut on New Year 's Eve with a couple of brief comments on books including the biography of late Apple boss Steve Jobs , which he called "  interesting but unfair . " These were followed by praise for cinema releases "  We Bought a Zoo , " and "  The Descendants , " both produced by Murdoch 's Fox Movies . These fueled suspicions that Murdoch 's Twitter account was being used as a publicity tool to help improve his image after a damaging year . "  Could be brilliant News Corp PR operation , " Murdoch biographer Michael Wolff tweeted after earlier commenting : "  Might be somebody who knows Murdoch , but it 's not Rupert  he does n't use a computer unassisted nor get his own email  . " Others claimed that the voice of the tweets , as well as their faltering grammar and punctuation , were unmistakably Murdoch . "  You can tell by the tweets he 's doing it himself , " wrote CNN 's Piers Morgan , a former editor of one of Murdoch 's newspapers . A spokesperson for Murdoch 's News Corp. confirmed to CNN the account is genuine . The account could offer new insight into a businessman whose life has been under intense scrutiny this year after revelations that journalists at News of the World , one of his most profitable newspapers , illegally accessed the voicemail messages of scores of celebrities and public figures . Twitter played a prominent role at the height of the scandal when it was used to pressure advertisers into boycotting the paper . Commentators said the loss of revenue was a key factor in Murdoch 's decision to shut the paper down . Murdoch 's subsequent appearance before a British parliamentary inquiry into phone hacking also caused a sensation on Twitter , particularly after his wife , Wendi Deng , pounced on a man who tried to attack him with a foam pie . There were echoes of Murdoch 's parliamentary appearance -- which he called the "  most humble day day of my life " -- in New Year pledges which he tweeted in a January 1 message to Dorsey . "  My resolutions , try to maintain humility and always curiosity . And of course diet ! " But there were also signs that the media mogul was still getting to grips with social media . Reports suggested he was forced to quickly delete one post -- possibly after Deng leapt to his aid once again . The Sydney Morning Herald -- a fierce rival of his Australian publications -- was among news outlets claiming that Murdoch was guilty of "  tweeting-before-thinking " for suggesting that the British have too many holidays for a "  broke country . " The message was apparently removed , but not before someone tweeting as Wendi Deng implored : "  RUPERT !!! delete tweet ! " A further post on the unverified Deng account later added : "  EVERY1 @rupertmurdoch was only having a joke pROMSIE !!! " -LSB- sic -RSB- Murdoch also follows an account that appears on the surface to be Google CEO Larry Page but is actually run by a man in Virginia . It 's not clear whether Murdoch realizes he 's not following the real Larry Page . Among other tweets by Murdoch , who also follows Zynga CEO Mark Pincus and Silcon Valley entrepreneur and British businessman Alan Sugar , were an expression of support for Republican presidential hopeful Rick Santorum .	Rupert Murdoch has notched up more than 45,000 followers after joining Twitter Murdoch 's tweets so far focus on family , politics and cinema releases 80-year-old 's social media appearance called a PR stunt by some News Corp. official confirms to CNN that account is genuine
Talk about an overwhelming response . The much-anticipated launch of a new collaborative line between Italian designer Missoni and Target caused the retailer 's website to crash several times Tuesday . "  Target.com is seeing greater item demand than we do on a typical Black Friday , and the excitement for this limited-time designer collection is unprecedented , " the store said in a statement . "  We are slowly bringing the site back online to ensure we can provide a positive shopping experience to our guests . " By Wednesday , the site was back up and running , but many of the colorful , zigzag designs were out of stock . Between 7:47 and 8 a.m. ET Tuesday , the Target.com homepage was completely down with a connection timeout error , according to AlertSite , a Web performance monitoring business . For most of Tuesday afternoon and evening , the homepage displayed a courtesy page of the Target dog letting visitors know the site was overloaded . "  We are suddenly extremely popular , " the page said . The fervor was n't only online . At stores nationwide , customers eager to grab up the colorful zigzag designs began lining up hours before opening . Stores reported selling out of stock within hours as shoppers grabbed up clothing and housewares at deeply discounted prices . A full-priced knit scarf by the iconic Italian designer runs from $ 175 to $ 200 at department stores such as Saks Fifth Avenue and Neiman Marcus . The Missoni for Target collection includes knit dresses and sweaters between $ 40 and $ 60 . On the pricier side , a women 's bike costs $ 399.99 and a 28-inch piece of roller luggage , $ 199.99 The reaction comes amid considerable buzz leading up to the public debut of the collaboration . A private launch event September 7 in New York 's Times Square was described in media reports as a "  madhouse " with celebs such as Emma Roberts , Camilla Belle and Rachel Zoe in attendance . Actress Jessica Alba tweeted that she "  dreamt about the Missoni 4 Target bike last night " and that she hoped her husband was "  going to get it 4 me ?!? " Singer Jessica Simpson retweeted Alba , saying that she wanted the bike , too : "  So cute ! " Target has collaborated with other designers before , from Isaac Mizrahi to Jean Paul Gaultier , but none to this effect . The collection was scheduled to be available from Tuesday through October 22 at Target stores and Target.com . It was unclear how Tuesday 's activity would affect future sales .	Target.com up and running after periodic outages Tuesday amid launch of Missoni line Stores across country report selling out of stock within hours of opening Retailer says demand for zigzag designs exceeds typical Black Friday activity Clothing , housewares from iconic Italian designer typically sell for thousands of dollars
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- England 's Football Association has formally complained to the World Cup organizers after an England fan made it into the team 's dressing room , a spokesman said Saturday . Club England Managing Director Adrian Bevington confirmed the fan got into the dressing room Friday at Green Point Stadium in Cape Town , where England played Algeria to a goalless draw . iReporter says he was "  deluded " about England 's chances against Algeria "  There 's been no serious harm done , " he told reporters , without offering further details . "  We 're formally taking it up with FIFA , it is now a matter for FIFA , and we 'll let them deal with it . " FA spokesman Mark Whittle told CNN , "  We can confirm the fan entered the England dressing room last night and we have reported the incident to FIFA . " He said the fan was n't in the dressing room for long and that no one was harmed . Whittle said the breach was "  not acceptable . " British news outlets reported the breach happened moments after Britain 's Princes William and Harry had left the dressing room . William serves as president of the FA and the brothers both watched the game from the stands . A member of FIFA escorted the fan from the premises , according to the South African Police Service , which said it had launched an investigation . It said it would examine surveillance camera footage and question all security personnel . CNN 's Alex Thomas contributed to this report .	England 's FA complains after fan enters team 's dressing room ` No serious harm done , ' England official says Princes William and Harry had just left the room , reports say South African police are investigating
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie lobbied for construction of the Keystone XL pipeline during a trip to Canada on Thursday , staking out a position popular with Republicans and business groups ahead of a potential 2016 bid for the White House . In a speech at the Calgary Petroleum Club , the Republican criticized President Barack Obama 's administration for allowing the pipeline to languish at the State Department for six years without a decision on its approval . "  My view is that we are missing an enormous opportunity when we delay its development , " he said of the 1,179-mile pipeline that would stretch from Canada through Texas to the Gulf of Mexico in a prepared text provided by his office . He cited the State Department 's environmental study , saying it had concluded the pipeline "  would be safe , " and pointed to 42,000 jobs that its construction would create . Many of those jobs , Christie acknowledged , would be temporary , but he said they 're still needed . "  This is no way to treat a friend , " Christie said . "  This is not about sending ` your oil ' across ` our land . ' It 's about maximizing the benefits of North America 's natural resources for everybody , about allowing markets to function , and about contributing to the prosperity of citizens of both the United States and in Canada . " Christie 's Canada trip comes on the heels of his visit to Mexico in September . The travel and the year the New Jersey Republican just spent as Republican Governors Association chairman have given him opportunities to elevate his profile and connect with key donors ahead of his decision on whether to seek the GOP 's 2016 presidential nomination . The speech comes just weeks before Congress is likely to take up the Keystone pipeline again . Incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell  R-Ky .  has pledged a vote to authorize the project shortly after new GOP lawmakers are sworn in next month , setting up a showdown with Obama , whose administration has signaled he might veto such a bill . Christie met Thursday with Alberta Premier Jim Prentice . During his two-day trip he 's also expected to meet with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and visit Toronto and Ottawa . Christie highlighted U.S.-Canada trade figures . He called on Congress to approve legislation that would fast-track approval of a new pact between Canada , the United States and 10 other Pacific Rim countries , covering a host of new issues -- including intellectual property rights and environmental and labor rules -- that were n't addressed in as much depth in the North American Free Trade Agreement . He touted the "  North American model " of cooperation , and the "  extraordinary neighborhood that we live in " -- with similar political systems and cultural values . But most of his remarks were focused on the Keystone pipeline . During a press conference with Prentice on Thursday , Christie said Keystone would be a "  reliable and secure source of energy from a friendly neighbor and trading partner is something that is going to be a benefit to everyone in the United States , including the people of New Jersey . " He batted away a question about whether dropping oil prices have undercut the need for the Keystone pipeline . "  You can not make major national policy decisions based upon the oil price of the day . We know from our own experience that oil prices will fluctuate and change up and down , " he said . "  This provides us with another foundational piece for strengthening the geopolitical position for North America . "	New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie called for authorization of the Keystone XL pipeline Christie 's speech was a high-profile foray into energy policy ahead of a possible 2016 presidential campaign He called President Barack Obama 's lack of approval of the pipeline a missed opportunity
CNN  -- A Swedish SWAT team backed by local police arrested four people overnight on suspicion of plotting terror attacks , the Swedish Security Service told CNN Sunday . The four were held in the city of Gothenburg for "  probable cause " of preparing the attacks , the highest level of suspicion in Sweden , said Sara Kvarnstrom , a spokeswoman for the security force . She refused to say whether the suspects had been under surveillance or if the arrests resulted from a tip-off , saying she could not discussed details on an ongoing investigation . "  Through these arrests we have been able to prevent a situation from occurring , " Malena Rembe , head analyst at the Swedish Security Service , told CNN affiliate TV4 . Sweden is not raising its terror threat level -- which is currently at 3 , with 5 as the highest -- and there is "  no reason for the public to be alarmed , " she said . "  These arrests have not changed this threat level , " Kvarnstrom added . An art gallery in central Gothenburg was evacuated shortly before midnight local time , police said , but declined to say whether it was connected to the arrests . A party was going on at the Roda Sten gallery at the time , with about 500 people attending the inauguration of an arts festival , according an interview with a witness in Goteborgs Posten , a local newspaper . The police cordon was removed at 6 a.m. local time , said Ulf Edberg , a spokesman for Gothenburg police . Police have a "  number of extra police officers " on the streets of Gothenburg , Edberg said . The prosecutor in charge of the case , Hilding Qvarnstrom , said in a statement on the prosecution authority 's website that the investigation is still at an early stage and authorities can not reveal any details about the arrests . The head of the Swedish Security Service , Anders Danielsson , warned last week that "  Islamic terrorism is still the biggest threat against Sweden . " "  But it is different today , " he said , calling it "  more complex and unpredictable , both in terms of who could be a target and how they can strike . " Al Qaeda is now encouraging Muslim radicals to stay home "  and strike where they are , " rather than traveling to conflict zones to get experience , said Rembe of the Swedish Security Service . "  When individuals with those kind of ideologies act on their own it becomes harder to make a threat assessment , " she warned . Stockholm was hit by a suicide bombing in December . The attack on the capital , Sweden 's first suicide bombing , wounded two people in a district full of Christmas shoppers . And police arrested two people in Gothenburg , the country 's second-largest city , on suspicion of plotting a bombing in October . They were later released without charge , police said . After the Stockholm bombing , Swedish Security Police said the country had almost 200 Islamic extremists who advocate violence , but said there was no indication their number is growing . The police study was commissioned months before the attack in Stockholm . The extremist threat is n't widespread , according to the report , which the government commissioned in February 2010 . "  The threat from violence-promoting Islamic extremism in Sweden is currently not a threat to the fundamental structures of society , Sweden 's democratic system or central government , " the summary said . But the radicals are capable of damage , police said . "  While violence-promoting Islamist extremist groups do not pose a threat to Swedish society , they are still a threat to individuals and groups , especially in other countries , " the report said . The police analysis highlighted the disturbing trend of increasing foreign travel by the radicals . "  The most serious potential threat to Sweden is the long-term effects of people from Sweden choosing to travel abroad to join violence-promoting Islamic extremist groups , " the police said . "  There are currently no signs of falling interest in joining foreign groups . " Swedish authorities are investigating involvement in radicalism by Taimour Abdulwahab , the weekend 's suicide bomber . His emails before the bombings said that one reason for the attack was Sweden 's tolerance of Lars Vilks ' newspaper cartoon of the prophet Mohammed as a dog , authorities said . Abdulwahab , 28 -- who had lived in Iraq , Sweden and the English town of Luton -- also cited the presence of Swedish troops in Afghanistan . That cartoon of Mohammed , published in 2007 , was also cited in the new report as an example "  of local events that may fuel radicalism globally . " Sweden 's radical networks are typically made up of males between 15 and 30 years of age , with varying backgrounds , most of whom were born or grew up in Sweden , the report said . Several women are also involved , sharing the violence-promoting ideology , but they do n't engage directly in security-threatening activities , the police said . At least 80 % of the radicals are socially connected , mainly through friendships and the Internet , but the social ties do n't make them "  one coherent network capable of fully coordinating its resources and working towards the same goal , " the report said . Swedish terrorism expert Magnus Ranstorp said that before the December bombing , Sweden thought it was "  immune " to terror attacks . "  Even  Osama  bin Laden said in early 2003 , 2004 , that if every country was like Sweden , there would be no terrorism , " Ranstorp said . Police called upon civic leaders as well as the Swedish Muslim community to prevent and counter extremism , and they encouraged the public to develop a deeper knowledge of Islam . Though they should n't feel a greater responsibility to do so , practicing Muslims and their clerics could be helpful in countering "  violence-promoting propagandists active in Sweden and abroad , " the report said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We have been able to prevent a situation , " a top security analyst says Police evacuate an art gallery , but will not say whether it is connected to the arrests A SWAT team holds four people in the city of Gothenburg Sweden 's first suicide bomber struck in December , wounding two people in Stockholm
Sydney  CNN  -- Backpacking across India in 1981 as a young man fresh out of Sydney University , Tony Abbott found what he called "  a country of contrasts , where bullock carts would take supplies into nuclear power stations . " Now the man who opinion polls predict will be Australia 's next prime minister after the September 7 national election is prepared to see those power stations run on Australian uranium -- a position that goes down well in New Delhi . Abbott , a religious man whose time in India included six weeks at the Australian Jesuit mission in Bihar , leads the conservative Liberal-National opposition that is locked in a struggle for power with Labor , led by Abbott 's political rival and incumbent Australian prime minister , Kevin Rudd . Australian PM announces new elections for September 7 Uranium is the key energy commodity that differentiates how Rudd and Abbott approach relations with India . On paper , a bipartisan position Australia , which has about a third of the world 's recoverable low-cost uranium resources , sells the nuclear fuel to China , Japan , South Korea , Taiwan , the United States , Canada and the European Union , but not so far to India . How Australian political rivals view China Both the Labor and Liberal parties have a policy that they will sell Australian uranium to energy-starved India . So on paper , it looks like a bipartisan position . But Rudd is a reluctant helmsman for his party 's policy , believing India must accept stringent conditions before it gets Australian uranium for its power plants . In his first stint as prime minister in 2007-2010 , he was adamant that because India was not a signatory to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty , uranium sales to it were precluded . He said this was not a policy directed against India , but one that applied globally . When Julia Gillard , the deputy prime minister who overthrew Rudd for the leadership in June 2010  before herself being ousted in June this year by Rudd  , decided to push through a Labor Party policy change on the uranium issue in late 2011 , Rudd was not consulted . Rudd has said that India does not need to source uranium from Australia . It gets most of its supply now from Russia , France and Kazakhstan . Abbott 's Indian ambitions In contrast , Abbott is happy to see Australian uranium shipped to Indian nuclear power plants . At the India Australia Friendship Fair in Sydney last year , he said : "  Yes , we will sell uranium to India because we know that India is one of the world 's great democracies . " In reality , any uranium sales are years away , so the Australia-India nuclear trade is more symbolic than substantial . New Delhi views it as a touchstone for the state of the bilateral relationship . In March this year , the first official-level talks were held on a civil nuclear cooperation agreement that is the first step towards uranium sales . A prerequisite is an undertaking by India that it will not use Australian uranium in any weapons-related capacity . When Rudd addressed the Indian Council of World Affairs in Delhi in November 2009 , he harked back to his days at Canberra 's Australian National University , where he studied Indian civilization and its impact on China . But Rudd 's primary focus has always been China . He is a Chinese speaker , a former diplomat in Beijing and a lifelong student of all things Chinese . For his part , Abbott , a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University , maintains that if he becomes prime minister he will take India seriously , "  as I have always done . " China ` not the only superpower ' In an address to the Australia India Business Council in Sydney last December , Abbott said that as prime minister he would treat India as one of the key countries helping to shape the future of Australia and the wider world . "  It 's important to note that China is not the only emerging superpower of Asia , " Abbott said , pointing to the quadrupling of India 's gross domestic product  GDP  in two decades and high economic growth rates . "  What 's more , India is the emerging democratic superpower of Asia , and also the emerging English-speaking super power . As far as I am concerned , this means it should never be the emerging superpower that 's taken for granted or neglected . " Abbott said India fell into all three categories of countries that were particularly important to Australia : "  Our neighbors , our major trading partners and our key strategic allies . " He said that by 2050 , India was forecast to be the world 's most populous nation . "  Unlike China , which is tipped to grow old before its citizens grow rich , India is tipped to grow rich before it goes gray . " Australia-India relations In general , relations between Australia and India are good , up from a low point in 2009-10 when the uranium issue and a series of attacks on South Asian students in Melbourne sparked heated discussion . India in some years is the largest source of new immigrants to Australia , and Indian student numbers continue to be strong . Trade and investment flows are increasing -- India is now Australia 's fourth biggest export market , taking mainly coal , gold and copper , and it has made substantial investments in Australia 's mining sector . A "  strategic partnership " launched in November 2009 by Rudd during his meeting with the Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was given a further push by Gillard during her visit to India in October 2012 . Negotiations for a free trade agreement began in 2011 and reached a fifth round of talks in Canberra in May . No Indian prime minister has visited Australia since Rajiv Gandhi in 1986 . Since then , six Australian prime ministerial visits to India have taken place . Singh was invited to the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting  CHOGM  held in Perth in October 2011 , but sent vice president Hamid Ansari instead . In the view of some political observers , Singh 's no-show reflected annoyance over the uranium issue . There is also a sense that Australia strategically is not really all that important to India , which must contend with a neighborhood made up of China , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Burma and Sri Lanka . In contrast , India ranks as a top-five priority for Australia in Asia , along with China , Indonesia , Japan and South Korea . If Abbott wins office on September 7 , expect Australia to give even more priority to India . If Rudd retains office , it will be a case of "  steady as she goes . " Ahead of his last visit to India in 2009 , Rudd noted that like most of Australia 's relationships , the one with India "  has some bumps in the road " occasionally . "  But we can work our way through them , " he said . Uranium likely will continue to be one of those bumps .	Hiscock : If elected , Abbott and Rudd will likely adopt different positions towards India Sales of uranium , which India seeks , is a touchstone issue in the Australia-India relationship Abbott has stated that India is the emerging superpower Australia will never take "  for granted " Rudd , a former diplomat to Beijing , is seen as more reluctant to sell uranium to India
CNN  -- The death toll from a massive landslide that struck in Washington state 's Cascade Mountains rose to 36 on Wednesday , the Snohomish County medical examiner said . Of those 36 bodies , 32 have been identified , county officials said . Ten people are still missing after a rain-saturated hillside along the Stillaguamish River gave way on the outskirts of the rural town of Oso on March 22 . President Barack Obama has announced he will visit the area on April 22 , the one month anniversary of the slide , and meet with search crews . Search crews have been digging through deep , gelatinous mud and debris , which is 70 feet thick in some places , to search for the missing .	32 of the 36 bodies have been identified , Snohomish County officials say 10 people are still missing President Barack Obama will visit the area on April 22 , the one-month anniversary
CNN  It 's no secret that Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has a young , liberal fanbase that shows its devotion in distinctly millennial ways . Her positions on wage parity , same-sex marriage and women 's rights  to name a few  have earned her the nickname "  The Notorious R.B.G. " thanks to a Tumblr of the same name dedicated to her . There are tattoos , muscle tees and YouTube serenades paying homage to the soft-spoken justice , who has been on the nation 's highest bench for 21 years -- longer than some of her followers have been alive . So it seems appropriate that her fans would celebrate her 82nd with social media memes , the Internet 's favorite tool for honoring/mocking public figures . Here are some of the tributes wishing Justice Ginsburg a #NotoriousBday . CNN 's Ariane de Vogue contributed to this report .	Sunday is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 's 82nd birthday Social media memes mark the occasion
SANTIAGO , Chile  Reuters  -- Chile called home its ambassador in Peru on Monday , as a dispute flared over disputed maritime territory between the South American neighbors . They have bickered over the rich Pacific coast fishing waters for years , and Peru published a new map on Sunday that pushes its bid to negotiate a new sea border . Chile 's government protested the move and said it was calling home its ambassador in Peru , Cristian Barros , for consultations . "  We feel that this type of publication  map  and this position certainly make more difficult a fluid bilateral relationship with the Peruvian government , " spokesman Ricardo Lagos Weber said on Monday . "  Chile will continue to fully exercise its rights and competencies over Chilean territory , " he said . Peruvian President Alan Garcia said in June his country would take Chile to the International Court at The Hague to resolve the case . Peru 's foreign minister , Jose Antonio Garcia Belaunde , sought to downplay the row . "  It is an absolutely common diplomatic practice in novel situations like this that garner attention that ambassadors are called  back to report  , " he said . "  The channels of dialogue and communication must be kept open , and the countries must work toward a positive agenda , " Garcia Belaunde said . The sea border , set in the 1950s , starts close to the land border and cuts due west across the ocean . But Peru says it was non-binding and rob it of 14,630 square miles  37,900 sq km  of fishing waters . Its proposed border is a southwestern sloping line that follows the diagonal land border into the Pacific Ocean . Analysts say Peru will have its day in court and the Hague is the only venue for the issue to be resolved , unless something happens to escalate the debate . "  The only thing that could happen , which would be very worrisome , would be if some autonomous group carried out some kind of act of sovereignty  in those waters  now that Peru officially claims them . That would be a shame , " said Ricardo Israel , a political analyst in Chile . Chile defeated Peru in the 1879-1883 War of the Pacific and seized a chunk of mineral-rich territory from its northern neighbor . The two countries have strong economic ties but relations are still rocky . The dispute over their sea border has bubbled anew over the past two years and comes in addition to less serious disputes over the origins of everything from a dessert and a fruit to pisco , a grape liquor . Peru and Chile are the world 's top producers of fish meal , a cattle feed , and fishing is one of the engines of Peru 's economy . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Peru 's foreign minister sought to downplay the row Sea border dispute has bubbled anew over past two years Less serious disputes involve dessert , fruit and a grape liquor
London  CNN  We 've just landed a washing machine-sized robot on a comet and NASA 's chief scientist has no idea . Dr Ellen Stofan is deep in conversation with a journalist when , unable to contain himself any longer , an adviser with phone triumphantly held aloft blurts out : "  Rosetta -- It 's landed ! " "  Wonderful " Stofan beams , and the handful of reporters gathered in a lecture theater at University College London excitedly fidget in their seats . Barely has the probe touched down on a comet 310 million miles from Earth , then one of science 's great minds is discussing humanity 's next cosmic milestone . Stofan wants to land a man on Mars by the mid-2030s . Or rather , "  land a human on Mars , " the mother-of-three corrects me with a wry smile . "  In a sense it 's our destiny to move beyond this planet and Mars is the logical choice , " said the 53-year-old geologist . "  It 's a place where humans could live and work -- not out in the open -- but with not too-radical modifications . " Indeed , life on the ` Red Planet ' may not just be the stuff of science fiction . "  Mars is the other body in the solar system that we 're very likely to find that life evolved , " said Stofan . "  So being able to have a laboratory on Mars , being able to have some sort of sustained human presence on Mars in the future , I think is critically important for science . " Next stop : Mars Surviving an eight-month journey to Mars is one thing -- staying alive once there is another . Astronauts would face high levels of radiation -- "  we still have to figure out how to adequately protect them , " said Stofan . The thin atmosphere would also make landing difficult , particularly for a heavy spaceship loaded with equipment and people . "  If you think of the Apollo capsule coming into Earth with a parachute , the Mars atmosphere is just so thin you 've got to find some way of slowing yourself down really rapidly , " explained Stofan , the daughter of a NASA engineer who watched her first rocket launch as a four-year-old . The interplanetary endeavor has more to do with unlocking Earth 's secrets than you might think . "  Being able to compare the Earth to Venus , to Mars , and studying these same processes all around the solar system -- all of a sudden you get smarter about your own planet , " explained Stofan . "  If you 're a doctor and you only have one patient , then you 'd never really understand the progression of disease . You need lots of patients , and scientists learn more about the Earth by studying lots of planets . " Star Wars reality But with so many earthly problems , does it pay to point billion dollar budgets at the skies ? "  You know , we 're really spending that money here on Earth , " said Stofan . "  We get amazing technology spinoffs from the work NASA has done , " she adds , listing everything from fuel efficient winglets on airplanes , to air traffic control systems , and equipment for measuring climate change . Science fiction becomes reality in NASA 's lab , with the hovering orb seen in Star Wars -- fans will remember Luke Skywalker using it during light-saber training -- inspiring real-life gadgets on board the International Space Station . "  Think about these things you used to see on TV from science fiction , like communicators on Star Trek , well now we actually have them , " said Stofan . "  Space exploration pushes us to say ` here 's things we 've just dreamed about , but we can turn that into reality . ' " Marvin the Martian Does that mean she also believes in intelligent life ? "  I think there has to be in the universe -- how easy it 's going to be to find , is another question , " said Stofan . "  Statistically every time you 're looking at a star you 're likely to be looking at a planetary system . Play the math game , there 's billions of stars , so eventually you 'll come out saying there has to be another body where life could have evolved to a fairly sophisticated level . "  Now , do I think they 're visiting here and altering people 's crop patterns ? No . If they were smart enough to get here , we would know about it . " Women 's business ? As a women working at NASA , sometimes it 's Stofan who feels like the alien in the room , admitting : "  I had to work four times as hard to be taken half as seriously . " "  I still go into most meetings and I will look around the room and I just suddenly register the male to female ratio -- women usually make up 10 % to 20 % in any room I 'm in , at best . " It 's a ratio fairly consistent with women working across STEM sectors  science , technology , engineering , math  in the U.S. , and Stofan speaks passionately about the need for "  all hands on deck . " "  When you have problems like trying to get humans down onto the surface of Mars , if you do n't have all the best minds in the world -- not just white men -- then you 're not utilizing humanity the way you should . " Landing a human on Mars would inspire a new generation of scientists -- the likes of which we have n't seen since the Apollo mission 45 years ago , says Stofan . "  It 's a great international human endeavor , with all the nations of the world moving out beyond Earth to explore a new planet , a new world . "  And doing it together . " Watch : The comedian and her robot sidekick Quiz : 10 female scientists you should know	NASA chief scientist , Ellen Stofan , wants humans on Mars by mid-2030s Astronauts would take 8 months to reach planet , face radiation , thin atmosphere Studying Mars would help us better understand Earth Believes there must be intelligent life in our universe
CNN  -- Barcelona , Buenos Aires and Miami top a list of 29 cities that attract single men on the go . The cities on the list , compiled by the editors of AskMen.com , were considered for factors from the cost of a pint of beer and a cab ride to culture , weather and food . Various aspects of the social scene also proved a dominant factor . From scouting out sports to nightlife , today 's single men are looking for an all-encompassing adventure , editors said . Not surprisingly , women are a factor as well . The rest of the top 10  out of 29  included New York City , London , Seoul , Paris , Melbourne , Bangkok and Las Vegas . Las Vegas and Bangkok have both been the setting for popular guy films "  The Hangover " and due out at the end of May , "  The Hangover 2 . " The cities of Tel Aviv , Berlin and Amsterdam topped the list for best nightlife scene , while Barcelona , Miami , and Uruguay 's Montevideo topped the list for best beach cities . Sports are often a factor for single male travelers and not all the top spots are domestic . While New York 's Yankee Stadium is the second most popular "  arena " destination , Barcelona 's Camp Nou , Mexico City 's Estadio Azteca and London 's Wembley Stadium beat out sports meccas like Chicago 's Wrigley Field , which is not mentioned . As for single men wanting to journey into the land of  available  women , Bangkok , Miami and Tel Aviv received the highest score , all netting a 9.47 out of 10 . "  Explorability " is also a key factor for traveling single men . They are looking to discover new places outside of the expected , including Tangier , Morocco ; Punta del Este , Uruguay ; Tallinn , Estonia ; and Istanbul , Turkey .	Barcelona , Buenos Aires and Miami top AskMen.com 's 29 destinations for single men Besides accomodations , sports , nightlife and women were part of the criteria Bangkok , Miami and Tel Aviv are the top cities for available women
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Senior police officers failed to pursue extensive intelligence that indicated a Catholic priest was involved in one of Northern Ireland 's worst terrorist attacks , an independent report concluded Tuesday . Nine people died and 30 were wounded July 31 , 1972 , when three bombs went off in the town of Claudy , in County Londonderry . The first was a car bomb that had been parked outside a local pub . Minutes later , bombs exploded outside a post office and a hotel , according to Irish state broadcaster RTE . No one was ever charged in the case , but there have long been suspicions that a Catholic priest was involved . Tuesday 's report was issued by the Police Ombudsman for Northern Ireland , an independent body that investigates complaints against the police . The report found that , rather than acting on the information about the priest 's possible involvement , the police sought the government 's help in dealing with the Catholic Church . The police then accepted the government 's "  understanding " that was reported back to them , the report found . "  The consequence of their acquiescence was that the investigation was further compromised , " wrote Al Hutchinson , the police ombudsman . "  The decision failed those who were murdered , injured , and bereaved in the bombing . The police officers who were working on the investigation were also undermined . " The priest at the center of the controversy was identified by the report as Father James Chesney , who died in 1980 . According to the ombudsman 's investigation , police had "  extensive intelligence " after the bombing from which they concluded Chesney worked for the Irish Republican Army as its regional director of operations . Police also knew of allegations he had been directly involved in both the Claudy bombings and other terrorist incidents , the report found . That should have led the Royal Ulster Constabulary  RUC  -- the police force in Northern Ireland at the time -- to pursue further investigation that could have either implicated or cleared the priest , the report said . A detective wanted to arrest Chesney in the months after the bombing , but an assistant chief constable turned down that request , the report found . That senior officer then suggested to the government that it hold a meeting with Catholic officials about the issue . A government official wrote to the RUC in December 1972 to say the secretary of state for Northern Ireland met with Cardinal William Conway to express "  disgust " at the priest 's behavior , and that the cardinal said he knew the priest was a "  very bad man . " The cardinal promised to see "  what could be done " about the priest , including a possible transfer to another parish . Then-chief Constable Graham Shillington wrote back to say only that he had seen the letter about the meeting and preferred a transfer . Chesney was moved to a parish in the Republic of Ireland in late 1973 . Church records indicate that when questioned by his superiors , Chesney denied involvement in terrorist activity , the report said . As a result of the way police handled the case , the report said , the priest 's denials were never tested . Hutchinson , the ombudsman , said the decisions made by those in charge at the time have to be considered in the context of the time . He said 1972 was one of the worst years of violence in Northern Ireland and the arrest of a priest could have aggravated the security situation . Without more information about why the police failed to follow up the leads , however , Hutchinson said their actions look like a collusive act . "  The key police decision-makers referred to in this statement are deceased , " he said . "  Had they been alive today , their actions would have demanded explanation , which would have been the subject of further investigation . " The report found no evidence of criminal intent on the part of any government or Catholic official . It also found no evidence that the police had information that could have prevented the bombings . In a joint statement , Cardinal Sean Brady , Archbishop of Armagh , and Bishop Seamus Hegarty said they accepted the report 's findings and conclusions . They said the church had made all known material available to investigators . "  Throughout the Troubles  the 30-year period of violence in Northern Ireland  , the Catholic Church , along with other churches in Northern Ireland , was constant in its condemnation of the evil of violence , " they said . "  It is therefore shocking that a priest should be suspected of involvement in such violence . "  This case should have been properly investigated and resolved during Father Chesney 's lifetime . If there was sufficient evidence to link him to criminal activity , he should have been arrested and questioned at the earliest opportunity , like anyone else . We agree with the police ombudsman that the fact this did not happen failed those who were murdered , injured and bereaved in the bombings . " They appealed for any information about other suspects in the case . "  Father Chesney is dead and , as a suspect in the Claudy bombing , he is beyond the justice of earthly courts , " they said . "  Clearly a number of people were involved in the planning and carrying out of this terrible atrocity , some of whom may still be alive . Those bereaved and injured deserve to know the truth . We appeal to anyone who has information in relation to this horrific crime to provide it to the Police Service of Northern Ireland . " The RUC became the Police Service of Northern Ireland  PSNI  in 2001 . The ombudsman began its investigation in late 2002 after the PSNI said the RUC had information that a priest was an active IRA member and had been involved in the Claudy bombings	The bombing in Claudy killed nine people and wounded 30 No one was ever charged in the case There have long been suspicions that a priest was involved
CNN  -- More than a week after the Egyptian military ousted the Islamist-led presidency of Mohamed Morsy , the Muslim Brothers , from which Morsy hails , continue to mobilize their followers on the streets and demand the reinstatement of Morsy . Far from backing down , the Islamist organization has pledged to resist what it has called a "  fascist coup , " and has rejected any dialogue with the transitional government that does not restore the popularly elected Morsy . Opinion : Egypt 's secularists repeating Islamists ' mistakes For the military , the Brotherhood 's demand is a non-starter , and both camps and their supporters face a deadlock that can now only be broken through either a political compromise or an all-out confrontation . There is a real danger of further polarization and escalation in Egypt , where the writing is already on the wall with the arrest of Morsy and the demonization of the Brotherhood by the Egyptian media and elements of the secular-leaning opposition . Analysis : Will Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood survive ? The interim authorities are clamping down on the Brothers , accusing senior leaders of inciting violence while arresting eight of its top figures , including the group 's most influential leader , Khairat al-Shater , and the former speaker of parliament . Prosecutors have also issued another arrest warrant for the Brotherhood 's supreme guide , Mohammed Badie , and four others . Human rights organizations have criticized the government 's clampdown on the Brotherhood 's television channel and others channels sympathetic to the group , as well as the deaths of dozens of protesters in recent weeks . CNN Explains : What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? The Muslim Brothers can not politically afford to climb down because that would be an acknowledgment of their defeat and probably cause cleavages within their social base . So instead they will continue to peacefully resist and flex their muscle and exert pressure on the country 's interim rulers . The goal is to force the military-led authority to come to terms with the Muslim Brothers and stop persecuting them . "  The goal of our peaceful mass rallies and peaceful sit-ins in squares across Egypt is to force the coup plotters to reverse their action , " Essam el-Erian , acting head of the Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party , said on his Facebook page . If history is our guide , in the short and midterm , Islamist leaders will prioritize unity and solidarity of the organization . The Muslim Brothers have already begun to mobilize tens thousands of followers , a task made easier by a strongly-held belief that the Islamists are defending constitutional legitimacy against military putschists . Opinion : Overthrow of Muslim Brotherhood leader ` has international reverberations ' As one of the most powerfully organized social and political movements in Egypt and the region , the Brotherhood can rely on its power base , which represents between 20 to 30 percent of the electorate , to remain a force to be reckoned with either at the ballot box or in the streets . In the eyes of the Brotherhood leadership , conceding defeat would harm the base and fracture it . The advantages of resistance outweigh any potential disadvantages ; the 85-year old Islamist organization is better equipped to endure repression by the post-Mubarak military than internal dissention and fragmentation . It is worth remembering that mainstream Islamists of the Brotherhood variety have survived decades of persecution , incarceration , and exile by military-led authoritarian regimes -- and they will most likely weather the latest coup that has swept away Morsy . Despite concerted efforts in the last six decades by secular strongmen like the late Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser to weaken and isolate their religious rivals , the Islamists ' close-knit networks and "  asabiya "  group loyalty  have allowed them to withstand the brutal onslaught of secular authorities and grow their organization . Opinion : Egyptians are fed up with Morsy In my interviews with the Islamist rank-and-file over the past 20 years in Egypt and elsewhere , it has become clear to me that religious activists are nourished on a belief in the movement 's divine victory and they are willing to endure sacrifice , hardship , and loss to bring about that desired end . But the decades of persecution that drove the Islamists underground left deep scars on their psychology and imagination -- and as a result , they often view wider society as intrinsically hostile to their cause . The Egyptian military 's ouster of Morsy will reinforce this siege mentality and the sense of victimhood and injustice among the Muslim Brothers and their followers . The likelihood of the Brotherhood taking up arms against the military like their Algerian counterparts in the early 1990s is minimal . The most influential Islamist group in the Arab world renounced the use of force and violence in the late 1960s and early 1970s . One of the lessons learned by the Brothers from their experience underground from the 1940s until the late 1960s is that violence is counterproductive and endangers the very survival of the movement . In particular , the old guard , including Badie , who have a vivid institutional memory of the underground years , wo n't fall into the trap of militarily confronting the state ; they would not risk it all . The real potential danger is that individual members could join extremist groups in the Sinai desert and elsewhere to exact vengeance against Egypt 's security forces . If the political deadlock continues , the Brotherhood might not be able or willing to control some of its followers , a recipe for creeping armed clashes with the security apparatus . The longer the Muslim Brothers continue their protests and resistance , the more likely the military is to intensify its crackdown against them . At this stage , it is unconceivable that the military would reinstate Morsy as his supporters demand -- far from it , in fact . In his first address , as an interim president last week , Adly Mansour , previously head of the constitutional court , warned against stoking unrest and promised to fight those he said wanted to destabilize the state . His warning is designed to convey a message to the Brotherhood by the military . "  We are going through a critical stage and some want us to move towards chaos , and we want to move towards stability . Some want a bloody path , " Mansour said in a televised address . "  We will fight a battle for security until the end . " The interim governing body is rapidly shaping up with a newly-formed cabinet and a roadmap for drafting a constitution and then holding presidential and parliamentary elections . The interim authority has obtained de facto legitimation and recognition at home and abroad . The Islamists are pitted against an influential alliance composed of a substantive segment of Egyptians , together with the military , the police and entrenched elements of the old regime . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry telephoned Egypt 's new foreign minister , Nabil Fahmy , and expressed hopes that the transitional period of government would be successful , according to the Egyptian foreign ministry . Neither the Obama administration nor the European Union has taken the military to task for toppling Morsy . The Gulf states , particularly Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait , have already pledged $ 12 billion in financial and material aid , a substantial package that gives the transitional authority breathing space to get its economic house in order . There is a race against time between escalation and a political dialogue , and neither the military nor Morsy 's supporters are disposed to compromise . While the military is emboldened and in charge , the Muslim Brothers have their backs against the wall . Regardless of the outcome , this titanic and seemingly intractable struggle undermines Egypt 's fragile democratic experiment because there is a real danger that once again the Islamists will be suppressed and excluded from the country 's political space . This does not bode well for Egypt 's democratic transition because there will be no institutionalization of democracy without the Brotherhood , the biggest and oldest mainstream religiously based Islamist movement in the Middle East . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fawaz A. Gerges .	Gerges says there is a real danger of further polarization and escalation in Egypt The interim authority has obtained de facto legitimation and recognition , he says He argues there will be no institutionalization of democracy without the Brotherhood
Sumatra , Indonesia  CNN  -- Few people in the world have the chance to see a former pet orangutan released back into the wild and it was about to happen right in front of me . We were with the Frankfurt Zoological Society orangutan team deep in the Sumatran jungle at the site where Bobo the endangered Sumatran orangutan was to be released . I was standing with the CNN team about 10 feet from the orangutan 's crate , watching in anticipation as an Indonesian man was standing on top about to open it . He lifted one wall of the crate and Bobo slowly walked out . The orangutan was very calm as he exited the crate . The first thing he did was look over to where we were standing . That also happened to be the direction where our tech expert John had placed our gopro camera just a few feet away . It was an incredible sight and a great shot . Read more : ` We knew this was going to be a trip like no other ' I was actually a bit nervous seeing Bobo look at us . FZS Indonesia Director Peter Pratje warned us not to get too close to the 11-year-old male orangutan . Sumatran orangutans can be very strong and unpredictable . We had no idea what to expect . Did we make him feel threatened ? Would he charge a group of onlookers with cameras ? Luckily for us , the answer was no . He turned away from us and walked into the jungle . The islands of Sumatra and Borneo are the only two places on earth where wild orangutans roam free . It 's illegal to have one as a pet because it 's an endangered species , but they 're sold on the black market for thousands of dollars . Pet orangutans are hunted and captured as very small babies from remote areas of the rainforest . It 's a brutal process . Mother orangutans often fight to protect their babies , like any mother would , so the mother is often killed in the process . It 's a cruel way to get a cute pet for only a few years . Most orangutans are too much for people to handle as they grow into adolescence , so the owners seldom keep their pets . That 's exactly what happened to Bobo . He was five years old when his owner gave him up . Bobo was then brought to Peter Pratje and his team at the Frankfurt Zoological Society . Read more : Why you should care about the Sumatran rainforest When the FZS obtains a former pet orangutan like Bobo , the only life these animals have ever known is captivity . So the FZS team has to erase all the captive behavior the orangutan learned as a pet and replace it with wild orangutan behavior . It takes many years to individually model this behavior to these orangutans to replicate the lessons that a mother orangutan would 've taught her baby . Each orangutan has to learn everything from finding food to climbing a tree . Climbing is very important for Sumatran orangutans . They share the same habitat as Sumatran tigers , so to keep from becoming a tiger 's dinner , orangutans must live most of their lives in trees . After Bobo left his crate , he was supposed to climb the tree in front of him to a platform Peter and his team had constructed . But he did n't . Frustratingly , Bobo was n't using his training . He remained on the ground , walking around , as we followed him for more than half an hour . Read more : Orangutans stressed by eco-tourists After a release , members of the FZS orangutan team usually follow the newly wild orangutan for several weeks during the day for until they 're sure the orangutan can survive on its own . Several members of the team were following Bobo that day trying to coax him into the trees with fruit . Nothing worked . Minutes ticked by . Finally , Peter theorized that Bobo was staying on the ground because there were so many people around him walking on the ground . Bobo has been modeling the behavior of human trainers for years , so maybe he wanted to be like us and stay on the ground . We did n't want to hurt Bobo 's chances of survival , so we decided to leave him and the FZS trackers to go about their day . It was too early to tell how Bobo will be able to survive in the rainforest by himself . We would have to wait and get an update from Peter later . Walking back to the camp , we were all feeling a sense of awe and hope for the future of Sumatran orangutans and for endangered species worldwide . If this species can be brought back from the brink of extinction , could this be a model for other species ?	Jenni Watts produced Expedition : Sumatra , CNN 's new environment special The team traveled round Indonesia charting some of the biggest issues affecting the country They visited an orangutan conservation group trying to protect the endangered species
Beijing  CNN  -- China will punish 54 people for their roles in a July train crash that killed 40 people , the government said Wednesday . The announcement followed what the government described as a months-long investigation into the causes of the crash and what many in the country saw as a delayed , inadequate response . In the wake of the July collision of two high-speed trains , which also injured 172 people according to government figures , many in China expressed fury at the government , particularly in posts online . Some alleged corruption and efforts to cover up the tragedy -- charges the government denied . In a report released Wednesday , the Chinese government cited multiple problems that led to the crash and the initial emergency response . A lightning strike July 23 caused a high-speed train to lose power near Wenzhou in eastern China , and a signaling failure led the next train to rear-end it , according to the final report . "  According to a final investigation report , the train crash was caused by major design flaws in train operating equipment , relaxed safety controls and poor emergency response to equipment failure , " the state-run Xinhua news agency said . The government has finished a safety overhaul on its high-speed rail lines , the report said . The probe "  exposed that the Ministry of Railway and the Shanghai Railway Bureau had failed to act properly after the accident and were unable to disclose relevant information on issues of social concern , leaving a negative social influence , " Xinhua said . The Ministry of Railways will pay 915,000 yuan  $ 145,000  in compensation for each victim , the news agency said . China 's Cabinet agreed at an executive meeting on Wednesday that the country will take disciplinary action against dozens of officials . Among those named are Liu Zhijun , the country 's former railway minister , and Zhang Shuguang , the railway ministry 's deputy chief engineer , who were fired over an alleged "  severe violation of discipline " earlier this year , Xinhua reported . "  Liu and Zhang , together with Ma Cheng , chairman of board at China Railway Signal and Communication Corp. , producer of the the railway signaling system , were chiefly responsible for the crash , according to the State Council , " Xinhua reported . A government report posted online also said three top railway officials were dismissed -- Guangzhou Railway Group Chairman Xu Xiaoming , China Railway Signal & Communication  CRSC  Deputy General Manager Miao Weizhong , and Railway Signal Design Institute Chairman Zhang Haifeng . The report blamed them for violations linked to the incident . Other officials could also face punishment , and some investigations are ongoing , the government report said . Authorities are still looking into whether to charge anyone criminally , the report added . Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao oversaw the meeting with investigators who revealed results of the probe . The government found that the CRSC 's "  chaotic management at its research institute has caused the design flaws and major safety loopholes , " Xinhua reported . In addition to the payments to families of victims , the government has also signed agreements with 101 of the injured passengers that provide compensation of more 7.5 billion yuan  $ 1.2 billion  , Xinhua said . Current Railway Minister Sheng Guangzu "  is required to make a thorough self-criticism " and present it to the council , Xinhua said . "  Sheng said that the ministry has failed the nation and its people , and he expressed deep condolences to victims of the accident and sincere apologies to the injured , " Xinhua said . CNN 's Chi-Chi Zhang and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	The government will pay $ 145,000 in compensation for each victim A safety overhaul of high-speed lines has been completed , the government says The government probe found lightning and signaling failures contributed to the accident Many Chinese believed the government engaged in a coverup after the crash
QUEBEC , Canada -- Third seed Julia Vakulenko will face comeback queen Lindsay Davenport in her first WTA Tour final at the Bell Challenge on Sunday . Julia Vakulenko will seek her first victory on the WTA Tour at the Bell Challenge in Quebec . The Ukrainian battled through with a 6-1 4-6 7-5 victory over American qualifier Julie Ditty in the semifinals . The 24-year-old , who reached the fourth round of the U.S. Open , had previously twice lost at the last-four stage this year in Las Vegas and Berlin . She reached a career high of 33rd in the world rankings back in May , but is now 36th . "  Sometimes you play your best and win easy , but sometimes you do n't play your best and really have to fight hard , " said Vakulenko , who squandered points for 5-3 leads in both the second and third sets . "  I 'm just going to try my best -- I 've never played her and I 'm looking forward to it . " Former world No. 1 Davenport is seeking her second win in three tournaments since returning from a one-year hiatus to have a baby . The 31-year-old , who is unseeded after accepting a wild-card to enter the Canadian tournament for the first time , also had to battle to beat Russian second seed Vera Zvonareva 6-2 6-7  3-7  6-3 in the semifinals . The three-time Grand Slam winner has surged back up the rankings from 234th to 126th after winning her comeback tournament in Bali and then reaching the last four in Beijing . The American has now beaten Zvonareva in all six encounters between the two players . "  I played well in the first set and had some chances early in the second set , but I did n't quite capitalize on them . I was able to come back but at 4-4 and 5-5 I just did n't return well enough , " Davenport said . "  I was happy I was able to regroup in the third set . Physically I feel good . There are lots of positives I can take from it , especially beating a really good player and now being in the final . "  I want to be the one on the offensive and not the defensive , and that 's what I 'm going to try to do . "  I was trying to watch the first semifinal and see if that helped , but I play so much differently than Julie Ditty that it was hard to get anything from it . " E-mail to a friend	Julia Vakulenko has reached her first final on the WTA Tour at Bell Challenge The Ukrainian third seed will face Lindsay Davenport after beating Julie Ditty Former world No. 1 Davenport defeated Russian second seed Vera Zvonareva
CNN  The family of an unarmed biracial 19-year-old killed by police in Madison , Wisconsin , is pushing for peaceful protests online and in the streets . "  Our hands are stained with the blood of my nephew , and we are all left to deal with the aftermath , " Turin Carter , the teen 's uncle , told reporters on Monday . Carter stressed that his family was n't anti-police , but said Tony Robinson 's death "  highlights a universal problem with law enforcement and how its procedures have been carried out ... specifically as it pertains to the systematic targeting of young black males . " But he said the problem goes beyond the chants of "  black lives matter " that have already been used at protests over the case . "  I encourage everybody to show support regardless of race because this is truly a universal issue . ... We do n't want to stop at just ` black lives matter , ' because all lives matter , " he said . The deadly confrontation has made Madison the latest epicenter of protests . Here 's what we know about the Friday night shooting . The incident started when authorities got a call that a black male was yelling and jumping in front of cars , Madison Police Chief Mike Koval said . Dispatchers identified him as Tony Robinson , according to 911 audio obtained by WKOW . A little later , the dispatcher says , "  Apparently Tony hit one of his friends . No weapons seen . " About four minutes later , the dispatcher says , "  I got another call for the same suspect at -LSB- the same address -RSB- . He tried to strangle another patron . " About 30 seconds later , an unidentified officer says , "  Shots fired , shots fired . " When Officer Matt Kenny went to the apartment , he heard some commotion and forced his way in , Koval said . "  Once inside the home the subject involved in this incident -- the same one allegedly out in traffic and that had battered someone -- assaulted my officer , " Koval said . After that , according to the chief , "  The officer did draw his revolver and subsequently shot the subject . " Koval said it 's understandable why protesters are outraged . "  He was unarmed . That 's going to make this all the more complicated for the investigators , the public , to accept , to understand ... why deadly force had to be used , " he said . A neighbor in the duplex said she heard it all happen . Two brothers shared the other apartment in the duplex , and Robinson was their friend , Kathy Bufton said . "  I heard rustling and things being knocked over and my kitchen ceiling actually kind of shook . ... I figured something was going on , " she said . "  I heard somebody go down the stairs . And then I heard the shots . " There were 4-6 shots fired , Bufton said . For the family , that 's a horrifying reality . "  It takes one bullet from a trained gunman to end a life . It takes one bullet , " Carter said Monday . "  And we know how many were fired . " This is n't the first time Kenny used lethal force . In 2007 , he shot and killed a man in what the police chief described as a "  suicide by cop . " Kenny was exonerated of wrongdoing and received a commendation . During the confrontation Friday night , Kenny suffered a blow to the head , Koval said . He has been placed on paid administrative leave pending an investigation . "  It 's a stressful period for him and his family , but he also understands that a family here has suffered a tragic loss and he understands that there has to be an investigation , " said James Palmer , executive director of the Wisconsin Professional Police Association . Under Wisconsin law , officer-involved shootings are investigated by an outside agency , in this case the Division of Criminal Investigation . Once the division completes its investigation , the report will go to the local district attorney , Koval said . Palmer declined to comment on the ongoing investigation , but said there are some circumstances when an unarmed person could still be seen as posing a deadly threat to a police officer . "  The real fear for any officer when he 's being attacked , generally speaking , is that their weapon will be taken away , " Palmer said , "  and an unarmed individual can become armed very quickly . " Wisconsin Circuit Court documents indicate Robinson pleaded guilty in December to an armed robbery that occurred last April . His mother , Andrea Irwin , painted a different picture of the teen : "  My son has never been a violent person , never , " she told CNN affiliate WKOW . "  To die in such a violent way baffles me . " The police chief refused to comment on Robinson 's criminal history or run-ins with police . "  I could but I choose not to , " he said at a press conference Saturday . "  I frankly think it is , for our purposes today , wholly inappropriate and I am not going to blemish anyone 's character , particularly someone 's as young as his . " On Monday , Robinson 's uncle told reporters his nephew was n't a saint and had made some poor decisions , but was still a "  good , kindhearted kid . " "  We paint him as a human being , a 19-year-old who made a terrible mistake at one point , which is completely dissociated from this act , " he said . Madison Mayor Paul Soglin , who said he met with Robinson 's family the night of the shooting , said officials are n't going to put the teen on trial . "  That 's not what this is about . What this is about is finding out exactly what happened that night and to determine , then , responsibility , " he told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  We know that he was not armed , and as far as the police chief and I are concerned ... the fact that Tony was involved in any kind of transgression in the past has nothing to do with this present tragedy . " Because Robinson did not have a weapon , the death spurred memories of other unarmed black men killed by police : Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . Eric Garner in Staten Island , New York . Over the weekend , protesters filled streets in Madison . On Monday , demonstrators packed the Wisconsin State Capitol . They chanted and carried a banner with a familiar message : "  Black lives matter . " Asked the difference between Ferguson and Madison , Carter said Monday the cases are "  similar , but different , " noting that his nephew 's "  racial ambiguity " was an important part of his identity . "  Tony 's racial ambiguity reinforces the fact that America 's racial lines are completely , 100 % blurred , " he said . "  My sister is a white mother of black children who had black and white relatives . We are all multiple races and we each have our own complex heritage . " Among the protesters are members of the Young , Gifted and Black Coalition that was formed last summer after the Michael Brown shooting in Ferguson . The group wants more reactive policing in African-American neighborhoods , said group member Brandi Grayson . She said Madison police park on street corners in African-American neighborhoods and wait for something to happen , which leads to residents being hassled . That does n't happen in white neighborhoods , she said . "  In light of so many things that have happened not just across the country , but in our own community , it 's understandable that the reaction at the scene and of some of our citizens is extremely volatile , emotional and upsetting , " Chief Koval told CNN affiliate WKOW-TV . "  And we understand that . That 's absolutely appropriate under these circumstances . We would urge , obviously , that everyone exercise restraint . " Koval said he knows it may be difficult for Madison to move forward after Robinson 's death . He visited the teen 's grandmother over the weekend but was advised by them to not visit the mother yet because the emotions are still too raw . "  We need to start , as any healing or any reconciliation should , with an ` Im sorry , ' and I 've done that privately , and I 'm attempting to do that publicly and that 's the only way we can sort of begin the healing or the rift that may take years , if at all , to mend , " the police chief said . "  But the effort has to be there . So we have to acknowledge it , we have to own it , we have to say we are sorry at the outset for it and then we have to show affirmative steps in moving forward to bring the community back into the fold , as it were . " CNN 's Rosa Flores , Gary Tuchman , Brianna Keilar , Ralph Ellis , Joe Sutton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Uncle : The shooting highlights "  systematic targeting of young black males " Tony Robinson , 19 , was unarmed when an officer killed him The officer who shot him suffered a blow to the head
New Delhi , India  CNN  An Ebola survivor has been quarantined in India after his semen tested positive for the virus , health officials there have announced . The 26-year-old man , an Indian national , traveled to New Delhi from Liberia on November 10 , almost two months after he was hospitalized in the West African nation after showing symptoms of the illness , India 's health ministry said in a statement . He was released from the Liberian hospital on September 30 with documents declaring him free of clinical signs linked to Ebola , the ministry added . As a precautionary measure , Indian authorities carried out tests on his body fluids , which confirmed traces of the virus in his semen , the statement said . "  Currently , this person is not having any symptoms of the disease . However , he would be kept under isolation in the special health facility of  the  Delhi Airport Health Organization , till such time his body fluids test negative and he is found medically fit to be discharged , " it said . In the wake of the first detection of the deadly virus in India , the country 's health minister , J.P. Nadda , held talks with top officials from various departments , the government said . The minister advised strengthening passenger surveillance at the country 's airports and seaports , the government said . He also ordered expert teams to visit states and report back to him on preparedness to deal with the virus , it added . India 's health ministry , however , urged calm . "  The situation is under control and there is no need for any alarm . However , all precautions are being taken in this regard , " it said in its statement . According to the ministry and doctors , patients whose blood samples test negative for Ebola after treatment continue to shed the virus in their body fluids , such as urine and semen , for variable periods . A survivor with infected semen can transmit the disease to his sexual partners , they say . "  There is no cure that actually kills the virus , " explained Naresh Trehan , chairman and managing director of Medanta The Medicity hospital near New Delhi . Patients , he said , are treated with supportive care . Experimental vaccines and treatments for Ebola are under development , but they have not yet been fully tested for safety or effectiveness , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta . Healthcare providers , Trehan emphasized , must adhere to standard safety protocols while attending to Ebola patients and survivors carrying the virus in their body fluids . India has screened thousands of passengers arriving from the Ebola-hit countries since the outbreak of the disease in West Africa . "  This is like a dress-rehearsal for India , and while we are already in the mode of preparation , this case will help us galvanize into action , " said Hemant Thacker , a consultant physician and cardio-metabolic specialist at Mumbai 's Bhatia Hospital . "  I believe we are theoretically prepared because we have learned the lessons from the West . That , however , does n't mean that our medical authorities become complacent , " he cautioned .	Man , 26 , traveled to India from Liberia on November 10 Indian authorities confirmed traces of the virus in his semen after tests He is being kept in isolation in a special health facility at Delhi 's international airport India 's health minister has ordered increased surveillance of passengers at airports and seaports
Mental Floss  -- There was a time when movie props were worthless . When a film wrapped , the studio would often recycle props and costumes for use in other films , or sometimes simply throw them away . But that 's changed over the years , and now movie collectibles are a big business , with high-profile props going for hundreds of thousands of dollars . Unfortunately , when you start talking that kind of money , there are bound to be a few crooked characters who will do whatever it takes to get their hands on a piece of Hollywood history . 1 . Has anyone questioned the flying monkeys ? It 's believed there were six or seven pairs of Dorothy 's famous ruby red slippers made for the production of the 1939 film "  The Wizard of Oz " . Of those , the location of four pairs is currently known , including one that resides in the Smithsonian . The Judy Garland Museum in Grand Rapids , Minnesota , had their own pair , until the shoes were stolen one night in August 2005 . The case went cold until this past April , when police received a tip that a resident in Homer Glen , Illinois , had not only bragged about paying someone to steal the slippers , but openly displayed the shoes in a glass box . Police raided the alleged thief 's house , but did n't find the ruby red shoes . For now , the case remains open , and the shoes are still at-large . 2 . "  Easy Rider " choppers chopped There are few motorcycles more iconic than the ones ridden by Peter Fonda and the late , great Dennis Hopper in their counterculture classic , "  Easy Rider . " There were four custom motorcycles built for the film -- two copies of each bike , including the "  Captain America " chopper ridden by Fonda , featuring a star-spangled fuel tank and an extra long fork for the front wheels . One of the Captain America bikes was destroyed during filming , while the other three motorcycles were stolen from a storage garage before the film was even in the can . Obviously the bikes were n't famous yet , so they were presumably stripped and sold for parts . The thieves left the damaged Captain America bike , which was later restored , and now resides at the National Motorcycle Museum in Anamosa , Iowa . Mental Floss : What 10 Movie Props Later Sold For 3 . The man without the golden gun In the 1974 movie "  The Man with the Golden Gun , " James Bond takes on Scaramanga , an expert assassin who charges $ 1 million per kill . The hitman 's signature is a custom-made , solid gold gun that can be cleverly disassembled and disguised as everyday items like a cigarette case , a lighter , a pen , and a cuff link . There were three prop guns made for the film -- one that came apart , another that did n't come apart , and one that could fire a blank round . In October 2008 , one of these props  it 's unclear which one it was  was discovered missing from its display case at Elstree Studios in Hertfordshire , England . Police still have no leads on the disappearance of the prop , worth an estimated # 80,000  $ 117,000  on the collector 's black market . 4 . The case of the missing "  Maltese Falcon " There were a handful of falcon statues made for the 1941 noir classic , "  The Maltese Falcon " , starring Humphrey Bogart as Dashiell Hammett 's famous private eye , Sam Spade . Over the years , nearly all original models of the bird have been lost , making the few remaining copies very valuable -- including one that sold for nearly $ 400,000 in 1994 . For promotional purposes , plaster casts of the bird were made upon the film 's release , and Elisha Cook , Jr. , a character actor who played a henchman in the film , got his hands on one . His copy of the bird was later acquired by John 's Grill in San Francisco , a restaurant dedicated to Hammett , who often wrote and ate there in the 1930s . The replica bird was on display for years , sitting on the second floor in a display case for all to see . That is , of course , until the day it disappeared in 2007 . Mental Floss : Who Invented the Gatorade shower ? After the falcon went missing , John 's Grill offered a no-questions-asked reward of $ 25,000 to the person who brought it back , but no one came forward . The owner could have easily gotten a good replacement replica off eBay for a few hundred bucks , but he took a different approach instead . He put the $ 25,000 towards the creation of a new , original design of the Maltese Falcon that is a more stylized interpretation than the one used in the 1941 film . The new statue is five inches taller than the original and weighs around 150 pounds , three times heavier than the plaster replica that was stolen . To ensure this bird does n't go missing , it 's been bolted down and is monitored 24/7 by closed-circuit cameras . With that much security , the next time someone messes with this Maltese Falcon , it wo n't take Sam Spade to crack the case . 5 . Well , that 's one way to get an Oscar In March 2000 , a few guys got their hands on the ultimate movie collector 's item when they stole 55 Oscars just days before the Academy Awards ceremony . Anthony Hart , a dock worker at delivery company Roadway Express , conspired with a fellow employee , truck driver Lawrence Ladent , to load 10 boxes of Oscars onto Ladent 's truck . Ladent then took the statues to the home of accomplice John Harris for safekeeping until they could line up black market buyers . However , the men got spooked by the publicity surrounding the missing statues and dumped the boxes in an alleyway instead . Shortly after , Harris ' half-brother , Willie Fulgear , found 52 of the Oscars while rummaging through the trash , looking for packing boxes to use during a move . After reporting his find to police , Fulgear collected a $ 50,000 reward from Roadway Express , but the other men did n't make out quite so well . Anthony Hart received the lightest sentence with three years probation . John Harris was sentenced to six months in jail , three years probation , and had to pay $ 921 to the Academy in restitution for the three missing statues . Lawrence Ledent was given six months in prison , five years probation , had to pay the Academy $ 1,050 , and pay Roadway Express the full amount of the reward they offered to Fulgear . As for the three missing Oscars , one was found in 2003 during a Miami drug raid , but the other two are still out there somewhere . Mental Floss : Where 10 Oscar winners keep their statues 6 . Big bucks in spandex Apparently no one 's spider-sense was tingling when crooks made off with four hand-made superhero suits from the set of the first Spider-Man film . Each Spider-Man costume , valued at around $ 50,000 a piece , disappeared from a locked building on the Sony Pictures lot , leading authorities to believe it was an inside job . Police received a tip from the ex-wife of a former security guard at Sony , Jeffrey Gustafson , who said he might be involved in the theft . Police searched Gustafson 's home and found records indicating that one costume was at a friend 's house , two were traced to a collector in New York , and the last one was in the collection of a man in Japan . Adding to Gustafson 's woes , police also found in his home a mannequin dressed in a $ 150,000 Batman costume that went missing from the Warner Bros. lot in 1996 . Not coincidentally , Gustafson worked as a security guard at Warner Bros. at the time . For stealing the Spidey suits , Gustafson got 9 months in jail , 5 years probation , and had to pay $ 93,000 in restitution . Mental Floss : Strange robberies : Madonna 's bustier 7 . Do collectors dream of rubber handguns ? As he 's hunting android replicants in a dystopian future , "  Blade Runner 's " Deckard , played by Harrison Ford , carries a strange-looking handgun that has captivated sci-fi fans for decades . The prop was custom-made using pieces from real firearms , including a bolt action from a rifle , two triggers , various knobs and dials , and even LED lights . To prevent their very expensive , one-of-a-kind prop from breaking , the producers made two solid rubber copies that were indistinguishable from the original at a distance , and could be knocked around during stunt scenes without getting damaged . But during the shoot , one of the dummy guns went missing and was never seen again . Oddly enough though , about a month after the film was released , highly accurate plastic replicas of Deckard 's gun began appearing for sale on the collector 's market . These knock-offs were so close to the ones used in the film that they must have been created using molds taken from the missing , now presumed stolen , dummy gun . While it 's certain the thief made a pretty penny by selling the dummy gun , he would have surely been better off stealing the custom-made gun instead -- it sold at auction in 2009 for $ 270,000 . Mental Floss : 10 weird pieces of unclaimed luggage For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	James Bond assassin Scaramanga had a golden gun that went missing Three of the "  Easy Rider " choppers were stolen before that film was released Four hand-made superhero suits were stolen from the set of the first Spider-Man film Two rubber copies of "  Blade Runner 's " strange-looking handgun were taken
Beijing  CNN  Legislators in China 's far-western Xinjiang province have passed a law to prohibit residents from wearing burqas in public , state media reported , in a continued campaign against what authorities view as religious extremism . The new ban in Urumqi was approved by local legislators last month , and given the greenlight by the regional legislature at the weekend . The ordinance name suggests it targets outer garments covering someone 's full body including the face , which is called a burqa in some Islamic traditions . A spate of recent violent incidents has rocked Xinjiang , a resource-rich region long inhabited by the Turkic-speaking , largely Muslim Uyghurs . The arrival of waves of Han Chinese , the country 's predominant ethnic group , over the past decades has fueled ethnic tensions . Chinese officials have blamed the recent attacks on Uyghur separatists -- whom they also label "  religious extremists " -- seeking to establish an independent state . Last August , another city in Xinjiang banned people wearing Islamic-style clothing and large beards from riding public buses during a provincial sporting event , according to state media . News reports at the time said Karamay city authorities targeted veils , large beards , as well as three types of Islamic dresses -- including those with the star and crescent symbol . Dozens of bus stations in the city were said to be manned by security personnel to conduct checks and report violators to the police . While the measures in Karamay did n't openly single out Uyghurs , exiled Uyghur rights groups have condemned them , calling the ban a "  green light " for racism and discrimination . Those restrictions came shortly after after authorities in Xinjiang banned students and civil servants from fasting during Ramadan , the Muslim holy month . Amnesty International has said Uyghurs face widespread discrimination in employment , housing and educational opportunities , as well as curtailed religious freedom and political marginalization . Other critics , including exiled Uyghur activists , have attributed the rise of violence in Xinjiang to Beijing 's increasingly repressive rule there -- a claim the government vehemently denies . European rights court rules in favor of French burqa ban	Xinjiang province passes law to ban wearing burqa in public A spate of violent incidents has rocked Xinjiang , long inhabited by the largely Muslim Uyghurs Arrival of waves of Han Chinese over the past decades has fueled ethnic tensions
Another "  tiger " has been caught . Last week , Ji Jianye , the mayor of my hometown Nanjing , a major city in eastern China , was arrested on suspicion of accepting bribes worth about 20 million yuan  $ 3.3 million After taking power in March , President Xi Jinping launched a high-profile anti-corruption campaign , vowing to catch both tigers and flies -- big and small corrupt officials . China has seen plenty of such campaigns , arising and subsiding like summer storms . But this one appears to be the most vigorous since China opened up ; when corruption became rampant in the new market economy and officials started to trade power for financial gains . Much as I appreciate our president 's determination , his battle feels like an attempt to "  put out a big fire with a glass of water , " given how corruption has reached every corner of our society . Chinese public opinion surveys identify corruption as the most hated social problem , yet everyone is also guilty of it . Last year , when my father fell seriously ill , we took him to a decent hospital close by but were told the beds were fully occupied . As always , we turned to our guanxi -- our network of connections -- for help . Fortunately , a relative , a not so senior but well-connected official , managed to secure a private room at the hospital , which is reserved for ranking leaders . In return , the relative agreed to get the son of the hospital director into the most desirable school in Nanjing . I became aware the weight of guanxi shortly after I was thrust into adulthood : At 16 I was dragged out of the school to work at a military rocket factory . Two months later , when Spring Festival came , my mother requested that I visit my boss ' home with gifts she had prepared . Naive and embarrassed , I refused . Mother angrily predicted : "  You 'll never go far in life if you do n't know how to la guanxi ! " The verb la means to pull or to develop . Sure enough , I never got any promotion during my decade-long stint at the factory even though I acquired a degree in mechanical engineering . For any Chinese businessman , guanxi is essential . Recently , I met up with a long-lost friend , with whom I marched in the Nanjing streets back in the spring of 1989 and shouted "  Down With Corruption " -- one of the complaints that had sparked the unprecedented Tiananmen Square democratic movement . More than 20 years later , this friend spends 90 % of his time running his high-tech company . His youthful idealism has gone and his waistline has expanded considerably . With a ghost of a smile , he blames it on the excessive dining , drinking and occasional visits to prostitutes that are part of the tiresome game of guanxi . "  Your business ca n't survive a day if you are not corrupt , " he told me . He has to smooth every step of his business with gifts or outright bribes : From obtaining the business license , to entertaining potential clients , to receiving 15 % of the tax deduction that a high-tech company is entitled to . He estimates that 3 % to 5 % of operating costs goes to guanxi . Such practices drive entrepreneurs to seek senior officials as their patrons because politicians in China have the power to approve projects and allocate resources . The relationship between the now disgraced politician Bo Xilai and businessmen Xu Ming , the founder of Dalian Shide Group , was typical of such patron-client relationships . Xu , a large man , allegedly fattened his pockets through his guanxi with the Bo family as he funded the family 's jet-set life style . Xu was detained shortly after Bo 's arrest and testified against Bo at his trial in August , although Xu has not been charged with any wrongdoing . Local media reports suggest that authorities are investigating similar ties between the newly disgraced Nanjing mayor and Zhu Xingliang , the richest businessman in Suzhou , a city near Nanjing , who has also been placed under house arrest . And politically , China produces its top leaders more or less based on patron-client ties rather than meritocracy . Both President Xi and Bo are "  princelings " -- the children of senior leaders , the most powerful and influential group in China . Nepotism , a form of corruption , has feudal roots . In fact , I believe the whole corrupt practice of guanxi is rooted in China 's long tradition of renzhi -- rule of men rather than the rule of law . President Xi has called for a curb on official extravagance : No red carpet treatment , no luxury banquets and no fancy office buildings . But these are the symptoms not the root of the problem . To stamp out corruption , he will have to not only observe the rule of law but also introduce genuine political reforms that would allow checks and balances , transparency , and independent scrutiny . Such remedies , although proven elsewhere , may be too strong for him to take . I do n't doubt that the authorities will net more tigers . But there will be hundreds and thousands more at large and countless flies , thriving in China 's politically and culturally rich breeding ground for corruption .	Everyone in China is guilty of corruption , says writer Lijia Zhang Use of guanxi or connections part of everyday life Businessmen say they ca n't survive unless they are corrupt China needs to focus on rule of law not "  rule of men "
CNN  -- Tanker cars involved in the calamitous derailment in Quebec in July were carrying fuel that was improperly described in shipping documents as being less volatile than it actually was , Canadian safety investigators said Wednesday . The train was hauling highly volatile petroleum crude oil , a "  Class 3 , Packing Group II " product . But shipping papers identified the fuel as a less volatile "  Packing Group III " product , investigator Donald Ross said . The discovery helps explain "  why the fuel ignited so quickly " after the derailment on July 6 in Lac-Megnatic , Ross said . Forty-seven people were killed in the ensuing explosion and fire that leveled the tiny community 's downtown . But investigators did not say whether the shipping error was intentional or inadvertent , and left open the question about whether the error made a difference . Both types of fuel -- Packing Group II and III -- are shipped in the same Class III tank cars , Ross said . Shipments of both classifications of fuel were allowed to travel through the Quebec town . And local firefighters said their emergency response would have been identical , he said . But Ross said the investigation remains open , saying "  Our work 's not done . " Investigators say the events were set in motion when a fire was reported on the train . The train 's engine was shut down and the fire was extinguished , but a rail employee left the scene without setting enough brakes to keep the train from rolling . It then rolled down a grade into the center of Lac-Megantic . Ross said it was the responsibility of the company receiving the shipment -- Irving Oil -- to properly identify the shipment . Irving Oil , which was shipping the petroleum crude oil from the Bakken oil field in North Dakota to its refinery in St. John , New Brunswick , did not return a call to CNN for comment . Ross also said the board 's findings thus far hold significance beyond the Lac-Megnatic tragedy . The incident "  brings into question the adequacy of Class III tank cars " for transporting large quantities of low flash-point flammable liquids . And , in letters to Canadian and U.S. regulators , the Transportation Safety Board of Canada  TSB  asked them to check the accuracy of train manifests . "  It 's important that dangerous goods in transport be properly described . There are people that may have to handle that , that come in contact with that , and they need to know the hazards of what they 're dealing with , " he said . The U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration , said in a statement Wednesday that is issued a safety advisory in August addressing the issue of accurate labeling . The U.S. Department of Transportation also launched an inspection operation to verify that shippers and rail carriers are properly classifying crude oil .	Investigation finds tankers were carrying more volatile fuel than labeling showed Development explains why fuel ignited so quickly in July derailment in Lac-Megnatic Disaster claimed 47 lives as tankers exploded and leveled downtown area
