Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greek workers rallied in central Athens on Thursday after unions called a general strike to protest the government 's sudden decision to halt activities at the country 's state broadcaster . Thousands gathered outside the headquarters of the broadcaster , ERT , whose TV channels and radio services were pulled off the air overnight Tuesday to Wednesday . Government officials are defending the decision as a necessary budget-cutting move as the country struggles with a debt mountain , soaring unemployment and a lengthy recession . There was more bad news Thursday , as new figures showed the unemployment rate rising higher . Overall unemployment reached 27.4 % in the first quarter of 2013 , according to the Greek Statistics Agency , up from 26 % in the last quarter of 2012 , and 22.6 % a year ago . The strike action has affected all public transportation in the capital and threatened some disruption to flights . The sudden shutdown of ERT has prompted fear among many Greeks that other public sector employers could be next . Inside the ERT building , where some journalists are still broadcasting via the Internet , the mood is grim . "  We are in a state of shock . The news is overwhelming , " Rena Dimitriou , on the foreign desk , told CNN . "  We feel insulted by our government , by our prime minister . "  We feel angry and we feel that we are being terrorized by our government . ... For me personally I feel lost , but in a case that is not lost . I 've been working here for 21 years now and it feels as if my life has reached a dead end . It means a new beginning but I do n't know how this will be possible . "  Also I feel embarrassed . Profound dismay . Right now thousands of people do n't know what comes next . And all this overnight . " Dimitriou is also concerned about the impact on the Greek diaspora and those living in border areas , "  who have now lost their connection with the motherland " and must rely on privately owned media for news . ` No prospects ' In the newsroom , journalists who would normally have been working on broadcasts are turning their hands to sweeping , cleaning up and , they say , making sure that public property is not destroyed . Zeta Kontaxi , who has worked at ERT for 19 years , said she never expected to see the events of the past two days -- and she fears for the future . "  Being here for 19 years is part of my existence and suddenly this comes to a grinding halt overnight , " she said . "  We already had a 38 % salary cut since 2010 , so I have used all of my savings and now I find myself in a situation with no money and no job and no prospects of employment , when unemployment figures in Greece stand at 27 % . " The General Confederation of Greek Workers and the Civil Servants Confederation oppose the decision and called for industrial action through the day Thursday . Their support helped swell the number of demonstrators outside the ERT headquarters , estimated at about 10,000 by Athens police . Among the protesters was Giorgos Louvrikos , a 21-year-old law student from Patras who is studying in Athens . "  What the government has done is no better than what Erdogan is doing in Turkey . Suppressing people 's voices , " he said , referring to the crackdown on protests in Istanbul and elsewhere . Prime Minister Antonis Samaras described ERT Wednesday as a "  symbol of waste and lack of transparency " that needed to be changed . But the decision to abruptly shut down the broadcaster , which has been in operation since 1938 , has sparked division within the coalition government . Samaras , leader of the center-right New Democracy party , is due to meet with the other two party leaders in the coalition on Monday , when the question will be discussed . No room for ` sacred cows ' Government spokesman Simos Kedikoglou cited chronic corruption and mismanagement of funds as reasons the broadcaster was closed down , at least temporarily . "  At a time when the Greek people are enduring sacrifices , there is no room for delay , hesitation or tolerance for sacred cows , " Kedikoglou said in announcement shown on the broadcaster . ERT has said the decision means 2,656 employees will lose their jobs . To meet its commitments to its creditors -- the European Commission , European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund -- the Greek government has to dismiss 2,000 people from the wider public sector by the end of the year and 15,000 by the end of 2014 . Kedikoglou said a new television and radio broadcaster would open with a much smaller staff , with existing employees able to apply for new positions . A "  modern television and radio broadcaster will be established that will operate as soon as possible , " he said . An exact time frame for the new organization has not been announced , but a government spokesman said the new broadcaster should be operational before the end of the summer . The General Secretariat of Information and Communication said the new state broadcaster would be called the Organization of Modern State Television . Journalists dismayed The European Commission said Wednesday it had not sought the closure of ERT , "  but nor does the Commission question the Greek Government 's mandate to manage the public sector . " It added that the commission "  supports the role of public broadcasting as an integral part of European democracy . " Reporters Without Borders expressed dismay over what it said was a "  bizarre " decision by the government to shut down ERT 's activities while carrying out the overhaul of its services . "  Greece has fallen almost 50 places in the past three years in the Reporters Without Borders press freedom index , a record fall in such a short period for a European Union member state , " a statement said . "  The reasons include violence against reporters covering anti-austerity demonstrations , which goes completely unpunished , and threats against journalists and other news providers by the Golden Dawn party 's neo-Nazis . "  Against this backdrop , the closure of ERT 's TV stations has dealt a devastating blow to pluralism and freedom of information in Greece . " Greek lawmakers agreed in April to cut thousands of government workers to secure another â ‚ ¬ 8.8 billion  $ 11.5 billion  in international bailout funds . Journalist Elinda Labropoulou reported from Athens , and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro and Christine Theodorou , and journalist Nathalie Savaricas contributed to this report .	NEW : About 10,000 people join a rally in support of ERT workers , police say "  We are in a state of shock . The news is overwhelming , " says an ERT journalist New unemployment figures show another increase , to 27.4 % overall A new radio and TV broadcaster will be set up with fewer staff , government says
CNN  -- A jet crashed Sunday near Freeport , a city on the island of Grand Bahama , killing all nine people on board , authorities said . The flight originated from Nassau , the capital , according to a statement from the Federal Aviation Administration , which said it will investigate . The cause of the crash was not immediately clear . Inspector Terecita Pinder of the Royal Bahamas Police Force confirmed that all those on board died . Police have not released their identities . According to Andrew Young , former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Myles and Ruth Munroe were among the victims . Myles Munroe is the senior pastor of Bahamas Faith Ministries International Fellowship , that group 's website says . His wife , Ruth , serves as co-pastor . "  Ambassador Young expresses his deep sadness over the tragic death of his friends Dr. Myles and Mrs. Ruth Munroe . He offers condolences to the Munroe family and the families of the other souls who lost their lives as a result of this shocking plane crash , " the Andrew Young Foundation said in a statement . Young is a scheduled speaker at a conference starting Monday in Freeport . But the Global Leadership Forum will continue this week , according to Munroe 's organization . "  On behalf of Myles Munroe International and ITWLA . We would like to inform you that the Global Leadership Forum will continue , " Myles Munroe International posted on its Facebook page . "  This is what Dr. Munroe would have wanted . " The ITWLA is International Third World Leaders Association , which was founded by Munroe . CNN 's Ric Ward contributed to this report .	NEW : The Global Leadership Forum in Freeport will continue despite the crash The cause of the crash is not clear The FAA says it will investigate Andrew Young Foundation : Myles and Ruth Munroe are among the victims
EW.com  -- When Kevin Smith announced last year that his upcoming hockey movie "  Hit Somebody " would be his final film as a director , you could almost hear a collective sigh of disappointment from hard-core fans of Dante and Randal , Jay and Silent Bob . Smith 's convenience-store drones and derelicts introduced Smith 's Jersey brand of profane wit in 1994â $ ² s "  Clerks , " and a successful 2006 sequel proved that audiences had n't had enough . Smith 's retirement threatened to kill any chances of completing the Quik Stop trilogy -- a challenge you 'd think might tempt the "  Star Wars " - obsessed Smith . Well , there is a new hope . Last week , during a book signing in New York , he revealed that his beloved characters might be heading to Broadway . After seeing the hit play , "  Seminar , " which reminded Smith of the fundamental stagecraft he used to film "  Clerks , " he suddenly envisioned breathing new life into the franchise with a stage production of "  Clerks III " in 2014 to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the original . It 's still only in early talks , but Smith tells EW that he 's already broached the subject with several members of the cast , including the hard-to-wrangle Jeff Anderson , who played irreverent slacker , Randal . The writer/director/Silent Bob shared his hopes in an exclusive conversation with EW . Entertainment Weekly : Have you had any recent discussions -- formal or informal -- with the cast from the first two "  Clerks " about another potential edition , whether it be on the stage or on the screen ? Kevin Smith : Jeff was the first person I reached out to . I sent him an email after I 'd seen Alan Rickman in "  Seminar " in February : "  You 're the first person I 'm gon na tell ... "  Clerks III " is gon na be a play on Broadway . We 'll do a six month run and sell out the entirety in advance . You up for six shows a week , sir ? Live ? " To which Jeff responded , "  Better lay off the weed , sir . " I told Jason -LSB- Mewes -RSB- , just before we went onstage to do our "  Jay & Silent Bob Get Old " live podcast in London . He asked if he could be his own understudy . I have n't spoken to Brian -LSB- O'Halloran -RSB- yet , but he 's the only one of us with actual theatrical training , so this will be right up his alley . I know I 'll need Trevor -LSB- Fehrman -RSB- as well , because Elias from "  Clerks II " will feature prominently . Rosario Dawson 's Becky would feature in a pre-recorded bit . EW : Anderson was initially cool to the idea of "  Clerks II . " Is Anderson just a stubborn negotiator , or does he truly lack an interest in doing this again ? Smith : It took a long time to convince Jeff to do "  Clerks II , " but we were both really happy with how the script turned out . Ultimately , I think Jeff would be into it if the script is good and so long as the the Weinstein Company is nowhere near it . But if we do n't get Jeff , it wo n't happen . He 's the key to "  Clerks III " for me . EW : How exactly would Clerks on Broadway work ? Smith : I 'll make it as painless as I can : a six month run that culminates with a one-night performance we broadcast into movie theaters -- like we did with "  Live From Behind " a few months back . So ultimately , anyone who ca n't make it to Broadway to see the show can go to the movie theater the night we stream the production and see if for like 20 bucks . The hardest part for me wo n't be making it happen ; the hardest part at this point , for me , will be standing on a stage for two hours and not talking . EW : Last we saw , Dante and Randal had purchased the Quick Stop , and Dante was going to be a father/husband . Where might they be now ? What 's changed ? Smith : It 's finally Randal 's turn to fall in love -- just as everything else falls apart . EW : Lastly , and most importantly , would the donkey show in a "  Clerks III " stage production be depicted by the same puppeteers who perform in "  War Horse " ? Smith : If we can woo those f *** ers over to our stables , maybe we can get Spielberg to direct the movie version of "  Clerks III . " Then I can direct a "  Jaws " sequel without feeling like a d *** . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Last week , Kevin Smith revealed that his "  Clerks " characters might be heading to Broadway He is planning a stage production of "  Clerks III " in 2014 to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the original Smith tells EW that he 's already broached the subject with several members of the cast
CNN  -- Josephine Ruckinger had been estranged from family members for about 20 years . She burst back into their lives briefly with deadly consequences . Ruckinger and her husband , Jeffrey , both 43 , broke into an Ashville , Pennsylvania , home , where they shot and killed her mother and brother , before being killed by Ruckinger 's father , according to Pennsylvania State Police . The woman 's parents , John Sr. and Roberta Frew , had returned home from an evening out around 10 p.m. ET on Friday . They were sitting in the living room with their adult son , John Jr. , when their estranged daughter and her husband knocked at the door . When Roberta Frew answered , gunfire erupted , police said . Investigators believe Roberta , 64 , was shot by Ruckinger , while John Jr. , 47 , was shot in the left side of his chest by Ruckinger 's husband . Both Roberta and John Jr. died at the scene of apparent gunshot wounds . Meanwhile , John Sr. , 67 , grabbed a .22 - caliber revolver from a back bedroom . He allegedly saw his daughter point a gun at him . He fired at least one round which , investigators believe , hit her in the head . Ruckinger 's husband then fired shots at John Sr. , who responded in kind , Pennsylvania State Police said in a statement . Once "  the immediate threats had been incapacitated , " John Sr. called 911 and waited , said police . Ruckinger was pronounced dead at a nearby trauma center . By the time police arrived , her husband had died . John Sr. was not injured . Investigators do not believe John Sr. recognized that one of the two alleged attackers was his estranged daughter at the time of the incident . A motive for killings is under investigation . A search of the Ruckingers ' car , parked at the bottom of the Frews ' driveway , turned up a large amount of ammunition , a gas can , and a can of lighter fluid . No charges have been filed against John Sr. , police said . "  He was very cooperative with the investigation and his report of the events matches the physical evidence that we found , " Pennsylvania State Trooper Matthew Evans said in an e-mail to CNN . Ashville is a rural community located approximately 90 miles east of Pittsburgh . Nevada teen arrested in killings of mother , brother 2 small caskets in Georgia and a mother charged with murder	Josephine Ruckinger had been estranged from her family for some 20 years Police say she and her husband broke into her parents ' home Ruckinger allegedly shot her mother ; her husband allegedly shot her brother Ruckinger 's father returned fire , killing his daughter and her husband , police say
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic can move above Roger Federer in the world rankings by beating the 16-time grand slam champion in the semifinals of the Masters Series event at Indian Wells on Saturday . The Serbian will clinch the No. 2 spot behind Rafael Nadal if he continues his hot form this year , which has seen him beat Federer on the way to winning the Australian Open and then again in the Dubai Tennis Championships final last month . The 23-year-old stormed into the last four of the Californian desert event on Friday with a 6-2 6-4 dismissal of French 18th seed Richard Gasquet , his 16th successive victory this year and 18th including the Davis Cup final in December . He has dropped just 12 games in this tournament , which he won in 2008 after losing in the final to Nadal the year before . "  This has been the best period of tennis in my career over the past three months . I want to maintain this level of performance , " Djokovic told reporters . Federer , however , is not giving up his ranking without a fight , and set up a rematch against a man he beat four times out of five last year by ending the hopes of 12th-seeded friend and fellow Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka on Friday . The 29-year-old won the closing quarterfinal 6-3 6-4 to give himself a chance of a record fourth title at Indian Wells , which would take him one past Michael Chang and Jimmy Connors . Nadal 's bid to join that trio with three titles will face a strong test against resurgent former U.S. Open champion Juan Martin Del Potro on Saturday . The Spaniard was less than comfortable as he battled back to defeat big-serving Croatian Ivo Karlovic 5-7 6-1 7-6  9-7  in the quarterfinals on Thursday . "  You lose a set against Karlovic , and you are under pressure the rest of the games of the match , " nine-time grand slam winner Nadal told the ATP World Tour 's official website . "  I think I played a fantastic second set , returning better than ever . In the third , I did n't have chances . His serve was unstoppable . In the tiebreak I was really nervous . "  For sure , it is a very important victory for me . Being in the semifinals another time here after one month outside competition is fantastic news for me . " Nadal , 24 , has only recently recovered from a hamstring injury sustained at January 's Australian Open , where he lost in the quarterfinals . Former world No. 4 Del Potro has climbed back up the rankings to 90th after winning at Delray Beach and reaching the semis in San Jose and Memphis . He had easier progress to the last four when Nadal 's compatriot Tommy Robredo was forced to withdraw from their quarterfinal with an abductor muscle injury . Federer closes on Djokovic rematch In the women 's draw , Marion Bartoli became the first Frenchwoman to reach the final at Indian Wells when she beat Yanina Wickmayer 6-1 6-3 on Friday . The 15th seed will next take on world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki , who thrashed three-time grand slam champion Maria Sharapova 6-1 6-2 in the second semifinal . Bartoli , the 2007 Wimbledon runner-up , ended a streak of seven semifinal defeats as she proved too strong for the Belgian 23rd seed . Japan crisis focuses Sharapova 's Chernobyl commitment Wozniacki was fresh for her match with Sharapova after playing only three games of her quarterfinal against close friend Victoria Azarenka before the eighth seed from Belarus retired with a hip injury . Sharapova , the 2006 champion but seeded 16th this year at Indian Wells , had been seeking to return to the top-10 , which Bartoli now has the chance to do in her place . The Russian had battled into the last four with a 6-2 5-7 6-3 win over China 's Shuai Peng on Thursday .	Novak Djokovic will take on Roger Federer in the semifinals at Indian Wells Serbian can claim the world No. 2 ranking if he beats Federer for third time this year No. 1 Rafael Nadal faces former U.S. Open champion Juan Martin Del Potro in other semi Marion Bartoli becomes first Frenchwoman to reach the final of California event
CNN  -- Firefighters continued their efforts Saturday to corral more of a perilous Colorado blaze , following a week in which its flames have moved through forests and neighborhoods , forcing thousands of evacuations and leaving a trail of destruction . "  It will be some time before this fire is out , but our challenge now is to make sure we do everything to contain the damage , " said Tom Vilsack , secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture , which includes the U.S. Forest Service , in Fort Collins . Vilsack addressed reporters shortly after touring the High Park Fire , which he noted is one of thousands currently burning nationwide . Red flag warnings , noting alarmingly high chances of wildfire activity , have been issued by the National Weather Service in nine states including Colorado . At more than 54,000 acres burned , it is not the biggest -- the agriculture secretary noted that he was heading next to New Mexico where the Whitewater Baldy complex has scorched more than 290,000 acres -- but it has been under the spotlight for its speed and affect on people and property . Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper held up a picture at Saturday afternoon 's press conference of the tree that he said was struck by lightning eight days earlier , the first spark for the mammoth blaze . "  It smouldered all day Friday , and it exploded  last  Saturday , " Hickenlooper said of the resulting fire . First measured at two acres last Saturday morning , High Park Fire grew exponentially in the hours . At one point , it was advancing at 20 to 40 feet per second , with 15 - to 20-foot flames common and some reaching as high as 300 feet , according to Nick Christensen of the Larimer County Sheriff 's Office . In recent days , the blaze jumped the Poudre River and was racing up a drainage area toward nearby neighborhoods . Even then , fire authorities had been optimistic they would do more to control the blaze on Saturday , when it was 20 % contained . "  This containment is expected to increase today , " read an update on InciWeb , the U.S. multiagency Incident Fire Response website . Going forward , it does n't appear there will be much cooling or calming around Fort Collins and surrounding areas that would help those efforts . The National Weather Service forecast calls for high day-time temperatures in the mid-90s and breezy conditions , with gusts expected as strong as 25 mph , through Tuesday . Hundreds of firefighters have arrived from across the United States to help local departments in the cause . In all , Inciweb reports 1,533 personnel are on site , employing 103 fire engines and 16 water tenders and numerous aircraft , including 16 helicopters . Besides the still raging flames , an additional danger is presenting itself in the form of hungry and scared bears , officials said . Firefighters have been keeping their distance . The fire has claimed one life , a 62-year-old woman found dead in her burned home earlier this week . At least 181 homes have been destroyed by the fire , while about 3,000 evacuation notices have been sent out  some of which have been since recalled  . "  It 's really not just a list of numbers ; these are stories . Each one of these represents a family that 's been displaced from their home -- that may have lost some family heirlooms , some photos , possessions , kids ' toys , " Christensen said . "  It 's really devastating and sad . " For all the damage inflicted , officials on Saturday praised the work of firefighters who -- in Hickenlooper 's words -- prevented it from being "  100 times worse . " "  What I saw today was an extraordinary partnership , " Vilsack said after touring around the fire scene . "  While it 's true we lost homes , we also saved thousands of homes and facilities . " ` Some success , some failure ' in Colorado wildfire fight	NEW : The forecast calls for breezy conditions and highs in the 90s through Tuesday NEW : At least 181 homes have been destroyed by the wildfire , authorities say The U.S. agriculture secretary praises fire crews ' work in preventing more damage The fire has scorched more than 54,000 acres west of Fort Collins , Colorado
CNN  -- The Humane Society of the United States said Wednesday it does not fault authorities in Ohio for using lethal force against exotic animals running loose . Police believe the animals ' owner , Terry Thompson , 62 , freed the animals -- lions , tigers , leopards and grizzly bears -- at his preserve near Zanesville , Ohio , before dying from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , Muskingum County Sheriff Matt Lutz said . Ohio authorities were called to the scene Tuesday night . As of Wednesday , 49 animals had been killed and the rest were accounted for except for one monkey , according to authorities . But Lutz and conservationist Jack Hanna , who assisted in the effort , said the animal may have been eaten by one of the big cats . A preliminary investigation showed Thompson had pried open cages and left fences open , Lutz said . Autopsy results on Thompson were pending . Authorities were trying to use tranquilizers whenever possible in capturing the animals , said Zanesville Mayor Howard Zwelling . But Lutz said some animals were shot at close range by deputies who found themselves in a dangerous situation . A Bengal tiger was put down after it became agitated following a tranquilizer shot . 49 animals killed , authorities say While the killing of animals might prompt initial concern , "  we do not fault them for using lethal force , " said Debbie Leahy , captive wildlife regulatory specialist for the Humane Society of the United States . "  What we 're finding , in places where they have lax regulations ... rural sheriffs and local animal control officers are being forced to deal with issues ranging from rampaging chimpanzees to tigers running amok , " Leahy said . Such officers are not trained to deal with such situations and may lack the proper equipment , she said . Zwelling said he had received calls from people concerned the animals were killed . But , Lutz said , "  we are not talking about your normal everyday house cat or dog . These are 300-pound Bengal tigers that we have had to put down . When we got here , obviously , public safety was my number-one concern . We could not have animals running loose in this county . " While tranquilizers are an option , there are issues involved in their use , Leahy said . For one thing , they take time to work on an animal , potentially giving it time to harm someone or to get away . In addition , if an animal has a high level of adrenaline , tranquilizers can make them more agitated , she said . "  People should n't be blaming  authorities  , " she said . "  They should be blaming the Ohio government for not taking action to prevent this incident . " CNN.com readers disgusted The Humane Society urged Ohio officials Wednesday to issue an emergency rule to crack down on exotic animal ownership . A previous emergency order issued by then-Gov . Ted Strickland that prohibited people convicted of animal cruelty from owning exotic animals expired in April . The organization said Thompson "  would almost certainly have had his animals removed by May 1 , 2011 , if the emergency order had not expired . " "  Every month brings a new , bizarre , almost surreal incident involving privately held dangerous wild animals , " said Wayne Pacelle , president and CEO of the Humane Society , in a prepared statement . "  In recent years , Ohioans have died and suffered injuries because the state has n't stopped private citizens from keeping dangerous wild animals as pets or as roadside attractions . Owners of large , exotic animals are a menace to society , and it 's time for the delaying on the rulemaking to end . " Opinion : Wild animals belong in the wild People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals also said the lack of an exotic animal ban is to blame . "  The shooting of dozens of exotic animals in Zanesville is a tragic example of just how wrong things can go when people are allowed to keep wild animals , " PETA said in a written statement . The organization said it hoped the incident will be a "  wake-up " call to current Ohio Gov. John Kasich , who , according to PETA , refused to extend the emergency ban on exotic animals . "  Keeping exotic animals is inhumane and unsafe for both animals and people , and it 's time that Ohio did something about it , " PETA said . "  People have to understand something ... human life comes first , " Jack Hanna , director emeritus of the Columbus Zoo , told CNN . He said some had asked why the animals were n't tranquilized by authorities searching for them Tuesday night , but "  you ca n't tranquilize an animal in the dark . It upsets them ... they settle in , they hunker down , they go to sleep . Obviously , we ca n't find them in the dark . So what had to be done had to be done . Even a bear came after one of the officers last night , and she was just trying to get out of a car . ... No one loves animals more than me , but human life has to come first . " When first responders do have to shoot an animal , "  we have found , in some cases , they 're just as traumatized as the rest of us , " Leahy said , and sometime require counseling . "  They do n't want to have to shoot these animals . " She recalled a case a few years ago involving a Florida police officer who shot an elephant running wild with children on its back . "  He was so totally upset by that incident that he became a huge elephant advocate , " speaking out for stronger laws on their behalf , Leahy said .	Ohio authorities have shot some loose exotic animals Humane Society : Ohio 's government should have prevented this There are issues with tranquilizer use , the organization says PETA says the incident should be a "  wake-up call "
The appearance Friday in a lower Manhattan courtroom of Sulaiman Abu Ghaith , Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law and one-time al Qaeda spokesman , to face charges of conspiracy to kill Americans underlines the perhaps surprising fact that members of bin Laden 's inner circle have been living in Iran for the past decade or so . It was Abu Ghaith 's decision to leave the comparative safety of his longtime refuge in Iran for Turkey a few weeks ago that led to the chain of events that landed him in Manhattan for trial . The leading Turkish newspaper , Hurriyet , reported that Abu Ghaith was detained in the Turkish capital , Ankara , in early February . Turkey then decided to deport him to his native Kuwait via Jordan , where he was intercepted by FBI agents , who escorted him to New York . As is well known , many of bin Laden 's family and members of his inner circle fled Afghanistan for Pakistan after the fall of the Taliban in the winter of 2001 , but what is less well known is that some also fled to neighboring Iran . According to U.S. documents and officials , in addition to Abu Ghaith , other of bin Laden 's inner circle who ended up in Iran include the formidable military commander of al Qaeda , Saif al-Adel , a former Egyptian Special Forces officer who had fought against the Soviets in Afghanistan , as well as Saad bin Laden , one of the al Qaeda 's leader older sons who has played some kind of leadership role in the group . Saad bin Laden spent the first six months of 2002 living in Karachi in southern Pakistan . From there he helped one of his father 's wives , Khairiah bin Laden , and several of his father 's children to move from Pakistan to Iran . For years these bin Laden family members all lived in the Iranian capital , Tehran , under some form of house arrest . Their conditions were not unpleasant , with time for visits to swimming pools and shopping trips . Meanwhile , U.S. intelligence learned that some al Qaeda operatives were living in the northern Iranian town of Chalus , on the Caspian Sea . In 2002 a U.S. Navy SEAL operation into Chalus was planned and then rehearsed somewhere along the U.S. Gulf Coast . The chairman of the Joint Chiefs , General Richard Myers , called off the assault because the information about where precisely the al Qaeda members were living in Chalus was not clear . A year after that operation was called off , according to US and Saudi officials , from his Iranian refuge Saif al-Adel authorized al-Qaeda 's branch in Saudi Arabia to launch a series of terrorist attacks in the Saudi kingdom that began in the capital Riyadh in May 2003 , a campaign that killed scores of Saudis and expatriates . Bergen : Trying bin Laden 's son-in-law in New York makes sense On the face of it , the fact that a number of al Qaeda leaders and operatives and bin Laden family members found shelter in Iran is puzzling , as the Shia theocrats in the Iranian regime are hostile to the Sunni ultra zealots in al Qaeda , and vice versa . For al Qaeda 's operatives , life in Iran was more secure than for many of their colleagues in Pakistan who risked capture by Pakistani forces working with the CIA or death by CIA drones . The Iranian regime likely saw the al Qaeda operatives as useful bargaining chips with the United States in the event of some kind of peace negotiations with the Americans . That peace deal , of course , never happened . Of course , for Iran the adage , "  the enemy of my enemy is my friend " may have also come into play , although there does n't seem to be evidence that Iran and al Qaeda have ever cooperated on a specific operation . That said , the 9/11 Commission found that of the 19 hijackers , "  8 to 10 of the 14 Saudi "  muscle " operatives traveled into or out of Iran between October 2000 and February 2001 . " Whether this was with any degree of Iranian complicity is still an open question . The fact that leading members of al Qaeda were based in Iran from 2002 on was known to the U.S. government at the time .  In fact , in early 2003 counterterrorism officials briefed me about this development  . There is something of an irony here . This was during the same time period in which senior administration officials under President George W. Bush were citing the alleged presence of al Qaeda members in Baghdad and a supposedly burgeoning alliance between al Qaeda and Iraq 's leader Saddam Hussein as a key reason to go to war against Saddam , Iran 's bitter enemy . Five years after the invasion of Iraq , the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence concluded , as had every other official investigation of the matter , that in fact there was no "  cooperative relationship " between Saddam and al Qaeda . In late 2008 al Qaeda operatives kidnapped Heshmatollah Attarzadeh-Niyaki , an Iranian diplomat , in the western Pakistan city of Peshawar . After holding the diplomat for over a year the militants quietly released him back to Iran in the spring of 2010 . This was part of a deal that allowed some of bin Laden 's family and al Qaeda members living under house arrest in Iran to depart , according to a Pakistani official familiar with the deal . This deal did not , however , mean that relations between the Iranians and al Qaeda suddenly became all hunky dory . Documents recovered at bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , following the SEAL raid there on May 1 , 2011 , and since publicly released portray a rather tense relationship between al Qaeda and the Iranian authorities . In a letter that bin Laden wrote just five days before he died he described a document from his son Saad who had lived in Iran for years "  which exposes the truth of the Iranian regime . " What bin Laden meant precisely by this is not clear , but taken together with some of the other letters that were found in his Abbottabad compound it is obvious that bin Laden and his men were quite distrustful of the Iranian regime . A letter to bin Laden from his chief of staff dated 11 June 2009 has a detailed account about a group of "  mid level " al Qaeda members who the Iranians had recently released , including three Egyptians , a Yemeni , a Iraqi and a Libyan . Bin Laden 's chief of staff attributed these releases to al Qaeda 's kidnapping of the Iranian diplomat in Peshawar , but added that the Iranians "  do n't want to show that they are negotiating with us or reacting to our pressure . ... We ask God to repel their evil . " In another undated letter from bin Laden to his chief off staff al Qaeda 's leader gave a set of detailed instructions about how best to handle his family members living in Iran once they were released . Bin Laden urged extreme caution "  since the Iranians are not to be trusted . " Among another precautions , he wrote that his family members "  should be warned about the importance of getting rid of everything they received from Iran like baggage or anything even as small as a needle , as there are eavesdropping chips that have been developed to be so small they can be put inside a medical syringe . " In this letter bin Laden mentioned by name a number of his children living in Iran including his sons Ladin , Uthman and Muhammad and his daughter Fatima , who is married to Sulaiman Abu Ghaith who now sits in a Manhattan jail . In October the U.S. Treasury named as terrorists six al Qaeda members living in Iran who it said are funding terrorist activities in Pakistan and sending fighters and money to Syria to fight the Assad regime there . Abu Ghaith did n't play an operational role in al Qaeda -- a fact that was underlined in the charges filed against him last week in Manhattan that revolve around his role as a propagandist for the group . So it is the precise nature of al Qaeda 's arrangements in Iran and the kind of activities outlined in the recent Treasury designation of the half-dozen al Qaeda members living in Iran that are likely to be of most interest to American investigators . Given the fact that since 9/11 , New York courts have convicted at a rate of 100 % in cases that involve members of al Qaeda and associated groups , Abu Ghaith could doubtless cut an attractive plea deal for himself if he gives a full accounting of al Qaeda 's murky decade in Iran .	Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law , now in custody , had spent time in Iran Peter Bergen says members of bin Laden 's inner circle lived for years in Iran He says it was an odd tie since religious differences separate Shiite Iran from Sunnis Bergen : Iran may have wanted to use al Qaeda members as a bargaining chip with U.S.
CNN  -- Running has always been an enigma to me . It seems so simple : Lace up your sneakers , crank up the music and head out the door . It comes so easy to some people , but it never has to me . Growing up , I tried to be a runner . At an early age , I was diagnosed with exercise-induced asthma . This is an inflammation and constriction of the bronchi in the lungs that occurs after a few minutes of strenuous or aerobic activity . I was prescribed various inhalers to control the condition , and they seemed to decrease the asthma , but it never completely stopped . It was annoying , it was embarrassing , and it caused me to avoid most exercises , especially running . It was an excuse . I am not a runner ... Make your workout go by faster I decided to start playing tennis in middle school . While I always had great bursts of speed on the court , the off-season running workouts killed me . Still , I could control my asthma , and my tennis skills slowly improved . Then my next nemesis arrived . I discovered a nasty pain called shin splints , from pounding those hard courts day after day . This condition is also called medial tibial stress syndrome and is caused by a combination of factors that put stress on the lower leg , causing some very uncomfortable pain in my shins and cramping in my calves when running . The pain , or rather the threat of the pain , kept me from running long distances , so I stopped . It was an excuse . I am not a runner ... Fast-forward to later in life . I wanted to try to run again . After some research and a visit to my local running shop , I discovered a compression strap for my calf that could help my shin splints , and it worked ! T-shirt tales : The athlete I used to be So off to run I went . All was going great : I was gaining endurance while managing to control the asthma and the shin splints . Then I started to get a sharp pain just in front of my heel on the bottom of my foot . This pain occurred right after my running workouts , and it was even worse the next morning . My doctor diagnosed me with plantar fasciitis in my left foot . This is an incredibly painful inflammation of the connective tissue  the plantar fascia  that stretches from your heel to your toes . With this pain , I had found my newest nemesis . I tried to run through the pain , but even walking during the day became painful , so I stopped running altogether . There are many treatments for helping manage this pain , from special socks that stretch the tissue to cortisone injections that help the inflammation . I found an orthotic shoe insert that helped to stretch the plantar fascia , and slowly , the pain went away . ` Too fat to do a lot of things ' But once again , the threat of pain kept me from running . It was an excuse . I am not a runner ... Fast-forward to today . I 've developed a love of endurance sports and an admiration for the amazing athletes who compete in them , from runners to cyclists to triathletes . I 've always wanted to participate , but the fear of pain or asthma has always kept me on the sidelines . I know that my pain is manageable and my fear is irrational . I want to run . Getting fit for the family I love As I 've started training for the Nautica Malibu Triathlon , I constantly think of my CNN Fit Nation teammates , many of whom have conquered their own obstacles , much more serious than the pain that has stopped me . We all have hurdles in life , some great and some small , that try to prevent us from doing the things we want to do . My mantra had become "  I am not a runner , " but it was just an excuse . This excuse no longer stops me . My minor injuries and pains are nothing compared with the hardships many people face every day . My pain and anxiety are manageable , and I am no longer afraid . Perspective is a wonderful thing , and when I think of all of the amazing people in my life who have overcome much larger hurdles than those that have stopped me in the past , I am motivated . I keep moving , knowing that if they can overcome their obstacles , I can overcome mine . My running workouts are n't breaking any endurance records , and I do n't move that fast , but I keep moving . I lace up my sneakers and crank up my music , and I keep running because my pain is temporary . I am not a runner ... YET ! Follow Stacy on Twitter @TriHardStacy	Pain has stopped Fit Nation teammate Stacy Mantooth from running the past Mantooth developed asthma , shin splints , plantar fasciitis Excuses are no longer going to stop Mantooth from running , he says
CNN  -- Early this year , Michael Sam made news by announcing he is gay . On Saturday , he made history as the first openly gay player to be drafted by a National Football League team . Seconds later , he made waves kissing his boyfriend in celebration as cameras looked on . Now , Sam has one goal in mind -- to make the St. Louis Rams ' roster . "  I 'm determined to be great , " he told reporters Tuesday in St. Louis . "  So I 'm going to train hard and try to make the team . " As a selection in the seventh and last round in the NFL draft , Sam playing for the Rams or any other NFL team this upcoming season is hardly a lock . And with standouts like Chris Long and Kendall Langford , the fact that St. Louis boasts one of the league 's best defensive lines -- the place where Sam starred at the University of Missouri -- makes his task even harder . That challenge is n't lost on Sam , who some experts thought might not fit in the NFL not because of his sexual orientation but because they characterized him as a "  tweener " -- too small to play on the defensive line , too slow to be a linebacker . Still , he sees the chance to learn from his Rams coaches and teammates things that can help improve his game . And he seemed careful Tuesday not to get too far ahead of himself , expressing thanks for being given "  the opportunity to play " but professing no certainty that he will be on the sidelines come opening day . "  I still  do n't  really feel like I 'm part of the NFL right now , " Sam said of the whirlwind of the past three days . "  I 'm blessed , really . " Obama congratulates Michael Sam The company around him during his first media availability Tuesday showed that he 's not the only prospective football player living a dream . Other late-round selections for the Rams joined him in fielding questions . And each had their own one-of-a-kind stories -- like Demetrius Rhaney , who lost his grandmother and great-grandmother on the same day a few years after his mother died , or Maurice Alexander 's having worked at St. Louis ' Edward Jones Dome to pay for college . Yet the fact that Sam was the only player at the podium a few minutes later speaks to the fact that he was extraordinary , even among NFL draftees . Not every would-be pro wins ESPN 's Arthur Ashe Courage Award , gets a phone call from President Barack Obama after getting drafted , or ranks second in jersey sales among rookies , after all . Sam has recently tasted the flip side of stardom as well -- as a number of people , among them current and former NFL players , took to Twitter to rip ESPN for airing footage of him kissing his boyfriend , Vito Cammisano , right after he got the call from the Rams . Reactions heat up after Sam kisses boyfriend on TV Sam noted that he 'd never experienced all this attention as an openly gay player at Mizzou because , while he confided his sexuality to coaches and teammates before the 2013 season , he did n't announce anything publicly until February . Now that he 's out , he said any jabs about his sexuality would fuel him on the gridiron . "  Thank God for you guys , " Sam said , referring to the media , "  because it 's just going to make me even a better player than I am now . " Kevin Demoff , the St. Louis Rams chief operating officer , said the organization discussed the ramifications of picking a man who could become the NFL 's first openly gay player . "  If you 're going to take a leadership position by drafting Michael , then I think you have to expect both the good and the bad , " Demoff said of the public reaction . "  We 're prepared for it , and I think we 'll shine through it . " Rams General Manager Les Snead acknowledged Sam 's selection is historic , comparing it to Kenny Washington 's becoming the league 's first black player , in 1946 . Moments later , though , head coach Jeff Fisher stressed that the team did what it did based on what Sam could do for the Rams on the field . "  Michael 's value as a football player was off the charts , " Fisher said . "  So we drafted Michael as a football player . And he has an opportunity now to compete to try to make our football team . " Opinion : Just a kiss , and more than a kiss	Sam is the first openly gay player to be picked by , and possibly play for , an NFL team He says he 's focused on football , will train hard to "  try to make the team " All the media hype over his sexuality will "  make me ... a better player , " Sam says Rams COO : Team took the lead , is ready for ramifications of drafting Michael Sam
CNN  American Airlines has delivered a small gift to fans of Boeing 's advanced jet , the 787 Dreamliner . The airline announced routes Wednesday for the first 787s to join American 's fleet . "  Nice to have another U.S. airline with a 787 , finally , " aviation enthusiast and frequent flier Jason Rabinowitz tweeted to CNN . Since 2012 , United has been the only U.S. airline to operate the sleek , super-efficient Dreamliners . "  It 's always nice to see a new type enter a fleet . " American announced a domestic Dreamliner route from Dallas-Fort Worth to Chicago O'Hare beginning May 7 . Starting in June , passengers can fly American Airlines Dreamliners from Dallas-Forth Worth to Beijing and to Buenos Aires . Appropriately for Dreaminer lovers , booking is expected to begin on Valentine 's Day . The buzz began building last month , when 787 fans rejoiced at the delivery of American 's first Dreamliner from Boeing 's factory in Everett , Washington . The Dreamliner has been keeping a low profile since battery problems prompted aviation authorities to briefly ground it worldwide in 2013 . Despite the release of the sleek , new 787-8 and its longer version , the 787-9 the Dreamliner has been at least temporarily overshadowed by a newer rival : the Airbus A350 . Related : Dreamliner investigation over : 8 questions American Airlines boasts that the new planes will be outfitted with custom-designed , forward-and rear-facing seats . "  Adding the 787 Dreamliner to our network gives us the opportunity to increase our efficiency on long-haul flights across the globe and potentially open up new markets in our network , " said American 's Andrew Nocella . American also plans to trick out its 787 cabins with nearly 198 main cabin seats in a 3-3-3 configuration , and 48 of those with 6 inches of extra legroom . International long-haul Dreamliners will include Wi-Fi and seats that can lie completely flat . Dreamliners also offer snazzy features like color-changing interior mood lighting , improved cabin humidity and larger windows that darken and lighten with the push of a button . Aviation geeks love to talk about the 787 's advanced technology , like fly-by-wire cockpit controls and dramatically sweeping wings with raked wingtips . American says it has firm orders for 42 Dreamliners , with options to purchase 58 more . It says it "  will deploy the 787 to additional markets in 2015 as it takes delivery of new aircraft . " American 's orders reportedly include 26 of the longer version of the Dreamliner , the 787-9 .	American Airlines reveals where it will fly its new Boeing 787 Dreamliners Initial routes : Dallas-Forth Worth to Chicago , O'Hare , Beijing and Buenos Aires The 787 's advanced design sparks excitement among aviation enthusiasts
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- The brother of the suicide bomber who killed eight people at a U.S. base in Afghanistan last week told CNN his sibling 's actions were "  out of character " and that the man was "  under pressure . " The bomber was a Jordanian doctor recruited as a counterterrorism intelligence source , a senior Jordanian official said Tuesday . A former U.S. intelligence official identified the man earlier this week as Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi . The man 's father , who is shocked by his relative 's actions , said he was called by an Afghan speaking in broken Arabic from Afghanistan . The Afghan told him his son was dead and that he died as a hero in an operation to kill CIA agents . The caller said , according to the father , the circumstances could make problems for his family and that they will have to cope with it . But the caller told the man 's father his son was a hero . The brother and father spoke to CNN 's Nic Robertson . The December 30 blast at a U.S. base in Khost , in southeastern Afghanistan , killed seven CIA operatives , including two from private security firm Xe , formerly known as Blackwater . The eighth victim was Jordanian Army Capt. Sharif Ali bin Zeid , a cousin of Jordan 's King Abdullah II . The suspected suicide bomber left Jordan a year ago for Turkey to finish his medical studies , but his family realized three months later he was n't there , relatives said . The family did n't know whether the Afghan caller was from al Qaeda but believes it was some militant group . A Jordanian official , speaking on condition of anonymity , had said authorities in Jordan arrested al-Balawi more than a year ago "  for some suspicious information related to him " but released him due to lack of evidence . "  After  a  few months , he got in touch with us through the Internet and sent us several e-mails that include very important and rather dangerous information that might affect the security and stability of the country , " the official told CNN . "  We kept in touch with him through e-mails in order to get more information and also trying to bring him over to be able to get more information . We shared and exchanged the information he gave us with some other friendly countries that are involved in countering terrorism . " The official said Jordan could not confirm that al-Balawi was the bomber , "  because we are not on the ground . " "  But we are not denying that if he is the one , then he is the Jordanian doctor , " the official said . U.S. sources said bin Zeid was the Jordanian operative working closely with al-Balawi , who was from the same hometown as the onetime leader of Al Qaeda in Iraq , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi . Jordanian and U.S. intelligence agencies apparently believed al-Balawi had been rehabilitated from his extremist views and were using him to hunt Ayman al-Zawahiri , al Qaeda 's No. 2 figure , the former intelligence official said . Former CIA official Robert Richer called the bombing the greatest loss of life for the agency since the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Beirut , Lebanon , which killed eight agents . An American intelligence official vowed last week that the United States would avenge the attack . CNN 's Nic Robertson and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	Dec. 30 blast at a U.S. base in Khost , in southeastern Afghanistan , killed 7 CIA operatives , one Jordanian Official : Bomber was a Jordanian doctor recruited as a counterterrorism intelligence source A former U.S. intelligence official identified the man earlier this week as Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi Former intelligence figure said U.S. , Jordan believed they were using him to hunt Ayman al-Zawahiri , al Qaeda 's No. 2
CNN  -- First , a Texas hospital came under fire for releasing a sick Liberian man without testing him for Ebola . He later became the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States and died from the virus . Then a nurse who treated the man at the same hospital also came down with Ebola . A top health official said a "  breach in protocol " led to that infection . So what 's the protocol for health care workers if they suspect a patient has the virus that has already killed more than 4,000 people in West Africa ? Go through the checklist Signs of an Ebola infection include fever , headache , vomiting , diarrhea , muscle pain or bleeding , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . But a key clue is whether the person traveled to an Ebola-affected area -- such as Sierra Leone , Liberia or Guinea -- in the past three weeks . That 's because the symptoms of Ebola can take anywhere from two to 21 days to show up . Isolate the patient Once Ebola is suspected , the patient should get his or own room , with a private bathroom , the CDC said . And the door to the hallway should remain closed . Hospitals should maintain a log of everyone who enters the room , the agency said . It 's also a good idea to keep someone stationed at the patient 's door to make sure everyone going in is wearing the right protective equipment . Get the right gear At the very least , those who enter the patient 's room should wear gloves , a gown , eye protection and a face mask . Sometimes the situation calls for more precautions , such as wearing disposable shoe covers , leg covers and two layers of gloves . Those extra steps are needed if there is vomit , human waste or "  copious amounts of blood " in the room , the CDC said . Know the right order It 's not enough to have protective clothing ; putting it on in the right order is just as important . "  The dressing and undressing of  protective wear  should be supervised by another trained member of the team , " the World Health Organization advises . After donning scrubs , health care workers should put on either boots or closed , water-resistant shoes with overshoes . Then a waterproof gown should go over the scrubs . If one is n't available , wear a waterproof apron over a gown . Next come the face mask , goggles and a head cover , if available . Finally , after washing their hands , health care workers should put on gloves over the sleeves ' cuffs . When it 's time to take the gear off , extreme care must be taken to avoid contaminating regular clothing , eyes or mucous membranes . CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said gear removal is a "  major potential area for risk . " "  When you have gone into and potentially soiled or contaminated gloves or masks or other things , to remove those without any risk of any contaminated material touching you and being then on your clothes or face or skin and leading to an infection is critically important and not easy to do right , " Frieden said . Keep visitors out It may seem obvious , but it 's important to keep visitors away from the patient 's room . "  Exceptions may be considered on a case-by-case basis for those who are essential for the patient 's well-being , " the CDC said . Keeping visitors away does n't just protect them ; it also protects hospital workers , patients and others in case the visitor may have contracted Ebola , too . Those who do visit should be screened for fever and other symptoms . All these procedures may seem tedious , but every precaution matters , Frieden said . "  The care of Ebola can be done safely , but it 's hard to do it safely . It requires meticulous and scrupulous attention to infection control , and even a single , innocent , inadvertent slip can result in contamination . "	Hospitals should ask whether a patient traveled to an Ebola-affected area Patients suspected of having Ebola should have their own rooms and private bathrooms Putting on protective gear in the right order is critical , experts say CDC director : Even a "  single , innocent " slip in protocol can result in contamination
CNN  -- Police in the Seychelles investigating the deaths of two former U.S. Navy SEALs have video surveillance showing the private security guards enjoying a night out before the men were found dead in a cabin of the Maersk Alabama , a source with knowledge of the investigation tells CNN . The video led police to two women -- who , the source says , authorities believe to be prostitutes -- seen with the American security guards during the evening . Those women reportedly have identified a location where they say the two men purchased heroin . Video from several surveillance cameras show the security guards in a restaurant and a casino and on a public street in the Seychelles at night while the Maersk Alabama was in port . As CNN reported last week , autopsy results indicate the Americans found dead on the container ship on February 18 died of respiratory failure , coupled with suspected heart attacks . Traces of narcotics and hypodermic needles found with the bodies suggested the deaths resulted from drug overdoses , Seychelles authorities said . Further forensic analysis will be carried out to establish if the two men , 44-year-old Jeffrey Reynolds and 43-year-old Mark Kennedy , had consumed a substance that may have caused their deaths . "  The police preliminary investigation report includes suspicion of drug use , as indicated by the presence of a syringe and traces of heroin which were found in the cabin , " according to police . Toxicology results are not expected for another three weeks , but police spokesperson Jean Toussaint says a criminal investigation continues , and "  solid evidence could lead to formal arrests in the deaths . " Toussaint confirmed to CNN that the women seen with the men on surveillance video are cooperating with police , but would not give details on the investigation . The two men worked for Trident Group , a Virginia-based maritime security services firm . Trident Group President Tom Rothrauff said both were former Navy SEALs . The 500-foot Maersk Alabama was the target of an attempted hijacking in the pirate-infested waters off East Africa in 2009 , an incident that inspired the 2013 film "  Captain Phillips . " The shipping giant Maersk , which hired the Trident Group to guard its ships , said last week that Trident would be conducting random drug tests of its employees . "  Based on our experience with the contractor , this is an isolated incident , " Maersk said . But it said new drug tests would start immediately and the company 's shore leave policy was under review . Police said the ship arrived on February 16 in the Seychelles , an archipelago in the Indian Ocean , with a 24-man crew and had been expected to leave two days later . The bodies were found February 18 by a colleague who had gone to check in with one of the men in a cabin , Seychelles police said . The Maersk Alabama has since left the Seychelles capital of Port Victoria .	The two Americans were found dead onboard the Maersk Alabama on February 18 Traces of narcotics and hypodermic needles were found with the bodies , authorities said Source : Surveillance video shows the two enjoying a night out after the ship docked Two women on the video reportedly identified a location where heroin was bought
CNN  -- Strange things happened in a small courtroom in the Russian city of Kirov last week . Moscow mayoral candidate , and my colleague in the Russian opposition , Alexei Navalny , was convicted July 18 on concocted embezzlement charges in the type of political show trial that Josef Stalin favored long before his spiritual successor President Vladimir Putin embraced them . Then , the very next morning , the same prosecutor asked for Navalny 's release pending his appeal . It was a move so unexpected that an incredulous Navalny asked the court to make sure the prosecutor had not been swapped for an identical twin overnight . That something surprising happened in a Russian courtroom is itself surprising . As with our so-called elections , important trial outcomes are decided well in advance and with little need for evidence .  When the Kirov judge went to his chambers to deliberate over Navalny 's release , one wit tweeted "  the Skype connection to Moscow must be particularly slow today . " The judicial process and the democratic process in Russia are both elaborate mockeries created to distract the citizenry at home and to help Western leaders avoid confronting the awkward fact that Russia has returned to a police state while they stood by or , in many cases , while they eagerly did business with the repressive Putin regime . That this strange occurrence happened to the most prominent member of the anti-Putin opposition movement is therefore shocking and meaningful . In Putin 's Russia , political dissidents simply do not get out of jail . Mikhail Khodorkovsky , once Russia 's wealthiest man , has been imprisoned since his October 2003 arrest for the "  crime " of disloyalty to Putin . Everyone knows his jail term is exactly as long as Putin 's stay in power , no shorter and no longer . It is no coincidence that Navalny 's sentence will leave him in prison safely beyond the 2018 presidential elections . The motivations for Navalny 's brief respite are unclear , and will likely always remain so , but it likely reflects factional infighting inside the Kremlin . Putin 's main allies , the security and intelligence forces known as the siloviki , advocate ever-greater repression . They want to jail every opposition leader and activist and prevent any legitimate expression of democracy . Former Putin classmate Alexander Bastrykin is the leader and symbol of the siloviki camp . As former top prosecutor and current chief of the powerful Investigative Committee , Bastrykin is the administration 's main weapon against political and social resistance . Apparently Bastrykin is not all powerful , however , and Navalny 's hurried release counts as a defeat for his authority . But it is not clear for whom it was a victory . Navalny is running for mayor in Moscow in what was expected at the start to be another electoral charade . But incumbent mayor Sergey Sobyanin -- worried about a repeat of the 2011 protests against the blatantly fraudulent parliamentary elections which brought hundreds of thousands onto the streets , actually helped Navalny get on the ballot . It is likely Sobyanin and those in the Kremlin sympathetic to his position on social unrest were behind Navalny 's release . Sobyanin craves the legitimacy of retaining his prestigious position as the mayor of Moscow in a relatively fair contest against Navalny . He believes this would position him as a leading contender to succeed Putin when the dictator inevitably falls . Sobyanin is hardly a democrat , but his selfish interests may work to bring democracy back to Russia . Conjecture aside , Navalny 's quick release was either incompetence or high-level internal sabotage -- and neither possibility is good news for Putin . The siloviki live in a pseudo-Soviet bubble , working to keep the lid of repression down as tightly as possible for as long as possible . But others , including Sobyanin , look ahead and realize that taking this path will make the eventual explosion of opposition even stronger . Some of them are ambitious enough to chafe at Putin 's obvious intent to hold power for life . They are far from liberal reformers , of course , and are seeking to advance their own interests . But at the moment those interests are leading them to undermine Putin 's iron grip on every lever of power . This matters , because the policeman on the Moscow street gets his strength from the knowledge that his superiors will support him unconditionally . He can crack open a protester 's skull knowing his captain will defend his action . The captain knows the colonel will defend him because the general will protect him , the judges will protect them , and so on all the way up to the plushest chair in Putin 's office . This unbroken chain is critical and a public weakening of the links at the top means Red Square moves a bit closer to Tahrir Square . The protests that erupted after Navalny 's conviction were the largest unsanctioned rallies since 2011 and the police let them happen nearly without incident .  The prosecution 's request to release Navalny was made immediately after the verdict was read .  There is doubt in the ranks because they sense doubt at the top . If Navalny is set free , wonders the police captain , should he give the order to beat those protesters demonstrating in his name ? This may be only a brief moment of hesitation , but it is real . Cracks are appearing in the faÃ § ade elsewhere as well . Mikhail Prokhorov , the oligarch who pretended to be an opposition candidate in last year 's presidential election without saying a word against Putin , is now openly supporting Yaroslavl mayor Yevgeny Urlashov after he was arrested on bribery charges .  Kremlin partners do not suffer such indignities . Another Prokhorov ally , Yevgeny Roizman , is running for the mayoralty of Russia 's third-largest city , Yekaterinburg . The most popular slogans during last week 's spontaneous rallies were "  Svoboda ! "  "  Freedom ! "  and "  Putin vor ! "  "  Putin 's a thief ! "  The situation looks increasingly unbalanced . A new wave of mass protests could force the Putin regime to find out how loyal its security forces really are . Navalny is still convicted and he may be allowed to run for mayor only to attempt to discredit him before jailing him . If he gains too much support he can be locked up at any time , or worse , as he well knows , although this would create just the sort of scandal Sobyanin would like to avoid in his quest to appear to be a legitimately elected official . But the election might not be as easy as they think . In last year 's presidential election Putin received 47 % of the vote in Moscow -- and those are the official numbers , not real ones -- despite epic fraud and despite facing no real opposition . Can Sobyanin then be expected to surpass the 50 % needed to avoid a second ballot without resorting to the same tactics that spawned outrage in 2011 ? Navalny is a real fighter and he has thousands of enthusiastic volunteers to campaign for him and to closely observe the election process on September 8 . There are only bad choices for the Kremlin at this point . Their fear of Navalny and the movement he represents is provoking conflict and confusion . In the movie "  Groundhog Day " , Bill Murray 's character wakes up in Andie MacDowell 's arms after an eternity of repeating the same day over and over . "  Something is ... different , " he says . "  Good or bad ? " she asks . "  Anything different is good , " he answers . Something different happened in Kirov last week and my optimism tells me it was a positive sign . After more than 13 years of predictable repression under Putin , anything different is good . We should not let avid speculation distract us from the cruel reality of Navalny 's situation -- and of Putin 's Russia . The lives of opposition members and journalists are worth very little . A man will spend five years in a labor camp for nothing more than speaking openly his opposition to Vladimir Putin . Navalny 's former colleague , Pyotr Ofitserov , refused to testify against him and got a four-year sentence . He has five young children . And for every case you hear about , there are dozens of others forming this new generation of political prisoners under Putin . The big picture is important , but we lose our humanity if we lose sight of the real people whose stories make up that picture . Success for Navalny 's campaign in Moscow , any demonstration that he has substantial popular support , would change the atmosphere of the country and give these prisoners hope . And it would give us all hope that real change is on the way .	Important trial outcomes are decided well in advance and with little need for evidence , writes Garry Kasparov The motivations for Navalny 's brief respite are unclear but it likely reflects factional infighting inside the Kremlin , he says Kasparov believes success for Navalny 's campaign would change the atmosphere of the country
CNN  -- Researchers are developing a specialized skin "  printing " system that could be used in the future to treat soldiers wounded on the battlefield . Scientists at the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine were inspired by standard inkjet printers found in many home offices . "  We started out by taking a typical desktop inkjet cartridge . Instead of ink we use cells , which are placed in the cartridge , " said Dr. Anthony Atala , director of the institute . The device could be used to rebuild damaged or burned skin . The project is in pre-clinical phases and may take another five years of development before it is ready to be used on human burn victims , he said . Other universities , including Cornell University and the Medical University of South Carolina , Charleston , are working on similar projects and will speak on the topic on Sunday at the American Association for the Advancement of Science conference in Washington . These university researchers say organs -- not just skin -- could be printed using similar techniques . Burn injuries account for 5 % to 20 % of combat-related injuries , according to the Armed Forces Institute of Regenerative Medicine . The skin printing project is one of several projects at Wake Forest largely funded by that institute , which is a branch of the U.S. Department of Defense . Wake Forest will receive approximately $ 50 million from the Defense Department over the next five years to fund projects , including the skin-creating system . Researchers developed the skin "  bio-printer " by modifying a standard store-bought printer . One modification is the addition of a three-dimensional "  elevator " that builds on damaged tissue with fresh layers of healthy skin . The skin-printing process involves several steps . First , a small piece of skin is taken from the patient . The sample is about half the size of a postage stamp , and it is taken from the patient by using a chemical solution . Those cells are then separated and replicated on their own in a specialized environment that catalyzes this cell development . "  We expand the cells in large quantities . Once we make those new cells , the next step is to put the cells in the printer , on a cartridge , and print on the patient , " Atala said . The printer is then placed over the wound at a distance so that it does n't touch the burn victim . "  It 's like a flat-bed scanner that moves back and forth and put cells on you , " said Atala . Once the new cells have been applied , they mature and form new skin . Specially designed printer heads in the skin bio-printer use pressurized nozzles -- unlike those found in traditional inkjet printers . The pressure-based delivery system allows for a safe distance between the printer and the patient and can accommodate a variety of body types , according to a 2010 report from the Armed Forces Institute of Regenerative Medicine . The device can fabricate healthy skin in anywhere from minutes to a few hours , depending on the size and type of burn , according to the report . "  You are building up the cells layer after layer after layer , " Atala said . Acquiring an adequate sample can be a challenge in victims with extensive burns , he said , since there is sometimes "  not enough  skin  to go around with a patient with large burns , " Atala said . The sample biopsy would be used to grow new cells then placed in the printer cartridge , said Atala . Researchers said it is difficult to speculate when the skin printer may be brought to the battlefield , because of the stringent regulatory steps for a project of this nature . Once the skin-printing device meets federal regulations , military officials are optimistic it will benefit the general population as well as soldiers . "  We 're not making anything military-unique , " said Terry Irgens , a program director at the U.S Army Medical Materiel Development Activity . "  We hope it will benefit both soldier and civilian , " he said . In the meantime , researchers said they 're pleased with results of preliminary laboratory testing with the skin printer . Atala said the researchers already have been able to make "  healthy skin . "	Scientists used a modified inkjet printer loaded with living cells "  We are engineering human skin , " says Dr. Anthony Atala The project may take another five years of development before it is ready
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- The skies crack open and release a torrential shower . It seems fitting to return with my cousin Adrian in a fit of wind and rain to the home he shares with his brothers . CNN White House correspondent Suzanne Malveaux caught up with her cousins on a trip to New Orleans . We pass the Superdome under heavy , dark clouds and head to New Orleans East , the windshield wipers punctuating our brief catch-up time on the eve of Hurricane Katrina 's two-year anniversary . We pull up to Adrian 's home in the city 's Upper 9th Ward , in what was once the comfort and security of a black , middle-class community . In front of his leveled four-bedroom suburban home sits his tiny FEMA trailer . Parked in the backyard is another FEMA trailer , the deluxe version for his brothers -- my cousins Roy , Leo , Kenneth and Vernon  aka "  the Artist , " as many came to know him through my profile of his story immediately after Katrina on CNN  . Little has changed in the two years since the story I did on my cousins -- brothers who had been living in the 7th Ward , in the house they grew up in . Watch Malveaux catch up with her cousins " They qualify for a low-income loan and a $ 30,000 grant to elevate their home but like so many New Orleans residents , they are in a holding pattern , waiting for the funds to come through . They now live in FEMA trailers in the backyard of their brother Adrian 's property , which is closer than theirs to being rebuilt . Adrian is actually more fortunate than his brothers , for his home , located in New Orleans East , will stand again . Vernon , who had lost so many of his paintings in the storm , decimated by the water and mold left by Katrina , showed me his works in Adrian 's gutted garage . They were restored by a group of generous volunteers from an art studio in Pensacola , Florida , and returned to him in New Orleans , where they 've been housed in this dry place . With no electricity in the garage , Vernon holds up lanterns to the oil canvases and shows me where he has been retouching the beautiful contours of his images of Jesus Christ , and his model-like angels . We run from the garage , under an umbrella , onto a ramp and into the FEMA trailer where he and "  the brothers " live . Compared with the previous trailer where the five men shared into cramped quarters , I am , perhaps amusingly , impressed at how large the living space is . They are lucky to have gotten one equipped for the handicapped , so their bathroom and kitchen are , surprisingly , relatively large . Leo opens up a cabinet full of food with the pride only a cook can possess . We take a tour of Adrian 's house , just a skeleton now but full of potential . It was appraised at $ 277,000 , and he is pleased . He was covered with flood and homeowners insurance , and has received $ 51,000 from the state 's Road Home program . After two years of paperwork and pain , it looks like he will finally be able to rebuild his home . But he is exhausted . He has been carrying the financial and emotional burden of taking care of his brothers for two years , and it is beginning to show . He has trouble sleeping and experiences occasional nightmares . He works seven days a week managing a business , and from time to time goes through "  crashes " -- 36-hour periods when he just rests . He is the glue that keeps the family together and above water , at least post-Katrina . He lives in a tiny FEMA trailer parked on the lawn in front of his destroyed home . Everyday he is reminded of the past , and the possibilities of the future . He gets angry when he sees stories about New Orleans residents accused of being "  lazy . " "  We 're not looking for handouts , " he says . "  Why do n't you tell the stories about people being resilient ? " He also implores politicians to come down and experience what it 's like to really live in New Orleans -- not taking the typical bus tour , but seeing what it 's like to live in the cramped quarters of a trailer . Adrian and his brothers try to keep a sense of humor about it all . While Vernon the artist is so thin that he is easily blown by the storm 's winds that whip through the scaffolding of Adrian 's home , Adrian jokingly points to his trailer 's tub , which he once tried to squeeze into , only to find himself stuck . Each of the brothers finds solace in simple escape . Trailer life demands it . Vernon retraces the brush strokes of the portraits of angels he once painted . Leo sits in his favorite spot in the sun . Kenneth , nicknamed "  Rooster , " quietly sips a beer , and takes a slow drag of his cigarette . Roy changes the TV channel , in search of a picture different from the one that surrounds him . And Adrian , who gives so much of himself to others , ocassionally takes a brief respite with a long walk . They work hard in their lives , and in being patient . It is two years now since the storm hit . They 've lived with relatives , in a hotel , and now in these trailers . My cousin Leo 's eyes swell with tears when he talks about the day he 'll feel at home again , when he has a home . I want to take all of them back with me , but New Orleans is where they belong . It is where they long to be whole again . E-mail to a friend	CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux returns to check on cousins hit by Katrina She finds little has changed since two family homes were destroyed Cousins have lived with relatives , in a hotel , and now in FEMA trailers One gets angry with stories of New Orleans residents accused of being "  lazy "
CNN  -- A massive cold weather system pushed perilously cold temperatures from the Upper Midwest to the Mid-Atlantic on Monday , triggering blinding snows in some areas that spawned a number of traffic pileups in Ohio alone , including one fatal accident . Residents of 14 states , from North Dakota to Virginia , faced wind chill warnings or advisories due to frigid temperatures combined with strong winds heading into Tuesday . But the possibility of light snow around President Barack Obama 's inaugural festivities in Washington did not materialize despite colder temperatures . The day saw a mix of sun and clouds with temperatures mostly freezing . The January cold did not dissuade hundreds of thousands of people from turning out on the National Mall for the festivities . It was a different story in Brainerd , Minnesota , where residents braced for readings of 26 degrees below Fahreinheit on Monday night . Wind chills would make it feel more like 30 to 40 below , according to the National Weather Service . Overnight temperatures in Pittsburgh should be just above freezing with wind chills at 14 below . It is all part of a mass of Arctic air moving east on Monday from the Dakotas , bringing bone-chilling temperatures and occasional snow . More sustained snows fell around the Great Lakes region . That 's been the case in much of Ohio where low visibility and snow-covered roads caused serious traffic crashes . Near whiteout conditions from a snow squall spurred one of the worst accidents in Colerain Township , about 12 miles north of Cincinnati . The pileup involved 86 vehicles , including 70 cars and 16 commercial vehicles , along a roughly quarter-mile stretch of Interstate 275 , according to Colerain Township Fire Capt. Darian Edwards . One person was killed and 20 others were transported to area hospitals , Edwards said . Authorities rescued four people from three vehicles in three different spots along the highway . Around the same time and about 30 miles east in Warren County , heavy snow and low visibility contributed to a crash on Interstate 75 that involved 52 cars , said Ohio State Highway Patrol Sgt. Sean Whickman . Ten people were sent to hospitals with non-life-threatening injuries and part of the highway was closed for four hours , he added . Another whiteout near Columbus caused a 23-vehicle crash on Interstate 270 in Westerville , said Lt. Jeff McIntyre of the city 's fire department . Four people went to hospitals with minor injuries , he said . The highway was shut down for more than two hours . Several people about 55 miles north in Mansfield suffered minor injuries in an accident on Interstate 71 that involved 21 cars and four semis , according to a state highway patrol dispatcher . All four of these crash sites are among the hundreds of communities under wind chill advisories . At 30 below zero , frostbite can occur in as little as 10 minutes with the slightest winds , and in five minutes in a brisk breeze , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warns . Newborns , the elderly and the homeless can quickly fall victim to hypothermia . "  Cold weather puts an extra strain on the heart , " the CDC said , also noting that overexertion can become even more dangerous to those with heart conditions in the Arctic cold . Although such deep freezes are potentially deadly , they are not uncommon in the upper midsection of the United States . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Jessica Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : One person killed in Ohio accident that involved 86 vehicles , a fire official says NEW : Deadly pileup is one of many multiple-vehicle crashes in Ohio due to blinding snow NEW : Snows are tied to a mass of Arctic air moving east from the Dakotas NEW : Wind chill advisories and warnings posted in parts of 14 states
Hong Kong  CNN  A court in Hong Kong has thrown out an application for a 14-year-old girl to be removed from her family after she was arrested for drawing chalk flowers on a wall at a pro-democracy protest site in Hong Kong . The girl was caught in the early hours of December 23 at a staircase -- known as the "  Lennon Wall " -- leading to the Central Government Offices in the city 's Admiralty district and was detained by police for 17 hours . They then applied to have the girl taken into care . But Magistrate Winnie Lau Yee-wan rejected this . "  I can understand why the police made the application , " she told journalists outside the court Monday , according to local media . "  After reading the social worker 's report , I find that it is not necessary to grant the child protection order at this stage . " Reports of the arrest and the care and protection order application attracted widespread criticism among protestors as such applications are usually made by the Social Welfare Department , not the police , and are usually made in cases where a child is at risk . When an application for a care and protection order is made , the social welfare department is expected to produce a report assessing the needs and the care of the children or juveniles involved . A spokesperson from the Social Welfare Department told CNN that all court cases in Hong Kong are open , however a court can decide not to disclose information in cases where the identity of a minor needs to be protected . The spokesperson added that the department 's Integrated Family Service Center would continue to monitor the case and provide the appropriate support and services to the girl and her family . But Gary Tsang , who participated in Hong Kong 's pro-democracy street occupations , told CNN earlier this month that the teen was "  an innocent political prisoner " and the use of the law in this case was "  obviously politically motivated . " Street becomes canvas for ` silent protest ' in Hong Kong Protest support The Lennon Wall became a focal point for messages of support for the recent pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong . When the protests were cleared , the messages -- hundreds of post-it notes -- were removed as well . Protesters started placing notes on the wall as a show of defiance after police used tear gas on demonstrators at the start of the protest , which led to a two-month occupation of the main road outside the Central Government Office . The wall was named after the late Beatles star John Lennon and contained messages of support for the protests and references to his song "  Imagine . " The girl -- widely known as "  chalk girl " -- told local newspaper Ming Pao Daily earlier this month that she did not regret getting involved with the protests and urged activists not to give up . Last week , police withdrew an application for a care and protection order for a 14-year-old boy last week . The boy was arrested during the police clear out of the Mong Kok protest site last year . The court file said the boy 's parents failed to exercise proper guardianship over him . Continued resistance A small protest camp outside the Legislative Council still remains and there is a small police presence on the site . Police officers are guarding Lennon Wall and remove all notes posted to it at the end of each day . Since the protest sites were cleared , demonstrators have resorted to other forms of protest such as the so-called "  shopping revolution , " which involves protestors blocking the sidewalks and flooding shopping districts every night with yellow umbrellas . Thirty protest leaders , including the three founders of Occupy Central with Love and Peace and several prominent student leaders , have been called by the police to report to the police headquarters in Wan Chai district , where they could possibly be arrested and prosecuted for their involvement with the two-month long protest . Hong Kong Police have not responded to requests for comment .	Girl , 14 , will not be taken into care after she was arrested for drawing on wall with chalk Teen drew chalk flowers on wall at former Hong Kong protest site
CNN  -- As he strode on stage to accept the 1999 Rory Peck award for hard news journalism , Sorious Samura struggled to find the words that would fit the moment . He had n't expected to win the prestigious prize and so had n't prepared a speech . Looking out across audience , the pioneering video journalist made the snap decision to speak his mind rather than proffer faux gratification . "  I stood there and thought of my people , " he recalls , before asking , "  Where were you when my people were killing , raping and maiming themselves ? " "  You are tripping over cables in Kosovo , why did n't you come and cover our war and now you are clapping for me . You can have your award . " See also : Child soldier on killing in Sierra Leone In a decorated film career that has also brought Peabody and Emmy awards , Samura has rarely submitted his professional or personal style to convention . This strident nonconformity has made him a compelling storyteller -- a fact perhaps best emphasized by the on and off camera tactics he employed to make "  Cry Freetown , " his debut film about the brutal civil war that tore apart his native Sierra Leone . When the notoriously violent forces of the Revolutionary United Front marched on Freetown , the country 's capital in 1999 , Samura , unlike many of his colleagues and compatriots , refused to flee the city . Instead he waited for the rebel army , gained their trust and embedded himself with their rank and file soldiers . His plan was to document the violence , torture , rape and use of child soldiers by the RUF and their government backed opponents which came to define the conflict . Read related : How diamonds fuel Africa 's conflicts Samura hoped his film would make it out of Sierra Leone and force the international community to intervene to end the war . "  I was just hell-bent on actually using my own weapon , which was the camera , to call for help because we were just left by ourselves to die . Nothing was going to stop me , " he says . "  For me there was just no choice . I had to go out and film and hopefully stay alive and get the world to see what is happening in my country . " See also : Kenyan reporters win CNN journalist awards To the untrained eye such tactics may seem reckless . For Samura however , experiencing his subject matter is an essential part of the storytelling process . He has assiduously applied this concept to all of his documentary film work . More recent efforts have focused on the topics of hunger in Ethiopia , aids patients in Zambia and the plight of refugees in Sudan . In each project Samura has immersed himself in the lives of his protagonists in an attempt to comprehend the challenges of their everyday existence . When he filmed a displaced Sudanese family in his 2004 film , "  Living with Refugees , " Samura only permitted himself to eat when they ate and drink from the same sources , mostly dried-up rivers , as he followed them across dangerous terrain from Darfur to Chad . "  To understand a man 's problem you have got to walk at least a mile in his shoes , " Samura says . "  If I really need to tell these people 's stories , if I am the driver who will articulate their suffering , then I have to experience it . " "  It is sometimes easy for people to say , I understand what you are going through , I can imagine ... that is not true . Sometimes you can only live it to believe , to understand . " See also : From war orphan to teen ballerina But by repeatedly drawing attention to such traumatic and challenging subject matter , some critics have accused Samura of focusing only on the negative in Africa . The filmmaker who himself had to scavenge for food in his Freetown youth rejects this viewpoint out of hand . He says you have to tell these stories no matter how uncomfortable it may make some people feel . "  There are things that I believe that I can say that ought to be said about Africa ... even if they are harsh realities but they ought to be said . " "  African stories are like onions , " he says . "  You have got to take time to peel those layers and of course , like onions ... it 's going to burn your eyes . You will get a story that is not just about objectivity ... it is the whole picture . " While Samura is keen to recognize that there have been many positive developments on the continent , he also highlights the importance of Africans reporting their own stories and creating their own narrative , no matter how difficult . He believes this will lend more authenticity to the chronicling of life in modern Africa than foreign journalists coming in with their own ready-made preconceptions . "  Only Africans can tell their stories from the bottom up , from the African perspective , like a prism so that people will be able to see . " See also : Film pioneer helps Rwanda build new identity If a new generation of African journalists can be inspired to take ownership of their own story with honesty and conviction , Samura believes the risks he has taken to make his films will have paid off . "  One thing that would make me believe I have achieved something for real in this particular discipline , is to see African journalists worship ... on the altar of truth , " he says . "  African journalists should realize that they owe no obligations to tribe , to party , or to wealthy businessmen or to political leaders . All their responsibility is the truth . " "  We have to find that pride in ourselves . I would rather die a poor man than trade what I have right now ... my integrity . " Eoghan Macguire contributed to this report	Sorious Samura is an award-winning photojournalist and film-maker from Sierra Leone He is famous for embedding himself with his film 's subjects to tell their stories Samura first came to prominence with his 2000 documentary , "  Cry Freetown "
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Shameen 's brown eyes seem lost as she thinks about the one day she wants to forget , but it is all she can think about . Nearly 90 percent of Afghan women suffer from domestic abuse , according to the U.N. Still traumatized , she recounts the events that led her to a safe house in Kabul . She was raped and nearly stabbed to death by her husband just seven days before we met her . Her lips are quivering and her eyes full of fear . "  He forced himself on me , " she said . "  All I could do was scream . " She was married off 15 years ago when she was a teenager . Throughout those years she was tortured and abused , suffering daily beatings with an electrical wire or the metal end of a hammer . This was her normal life . "  He chased after me with a hammer . He said if I made any noise he would put holes through me , " Shameen said . Shameen and her husband could not conceive a child . And in Afghan society , it seems , the blame always falls on the woman . After one severe beating , she ran from her home and to the police station . Her husband promised the police he would not attack her anymore , so she gave in and agreed to go back home with him . Days later , Shameen 's husband took her on a trip to visit her sister 's grave -- a 15-year-old sister who was burned to death for displeasing her husband . Shameen says her younger sister was 11 years old when she was forced to marry an older man . He would beat and abuse her until one day he killed her . As Shameen walked along the graveyard with her husband he took her near a shrine where he forced her to the ground , lifted her burqa and raped her . He then threatened her with a knife and asked her who was going to help her now . She was screaming as he slashed her throat and body . A passerby saved her . Now , she has no one to turn to -- not even her own parents . In their eyes , she has brought them shame , an offense punishable by death . In Afghanistan , a woman is blamed for the injustices she must live through . Shameen says when her sister was killed , her parents turned a blind eye . She misses her parents and siblings but knows she can never see them again . "  They 'll kill me , " she said without flinching . She now hides in a safe house , isolated and alone . Like most Afghan women , she has lost all hope . Afghanistan is a country where for centuries women have been considered property -- not equals , like the constitution states . They are often beaten , raped and even sold to the highest bidder . There are very few places women can turn to . Authorities brought Shameen to a shelter run by Women for Afghan Women  WAW  . The organization started in New York to provide humanitarian assistance to women who do not know they have rights . Watch Abawi 's report from the shelter " In this safe house , WAW is currently providing care , security and an education for 54 women and children . Nearly 90 percent of Afghan women suffer from domestic abuse , according to the United Nations Development Fund for Women . Despite that , there are less than a dozen shelters like this one in Afghanistan , usually run by non-governmental organizations . Abusers are rarely prosecuted or convicted , and most women are afraid to say anything . "  Their mothers are beaten by their fathers . They 're beaten by their fathers , by their brothers . It 's a way of life , " said Manizha Naderi , director of WAW . Naderi is an Afghan-American who grew up in New York and has returned to Afghanistan to work with other women in hopes of bringing a change , although she said it will take generations . "  They see their mothers being beaten , they see their sisters their aunts , everybody , " Naderi said . "  So that 's what they expect . " It is not just women who suffer . Hosnia is a smiling eight year old who likes to play with her toys and other young girls at the shelter . She rocks her body on the mat where she sits , the rocking swaying her green plastic earrings as she talks with a muffled sweet voice . "  I have a difficulty , " she said , when asked what she is doing at the shelter . Her smile fades as she remembers the circumstances that brought her here . Just three years ago when Hosnia was five , she was raped and left for dead outside her home in northern Afghanistan . Her father found her bloody body floating in a creek . She spent a month in the hospital as her little body recovered from that brutal assault . Out of love and fear for his daughter 's life , Hosnia 's dad brought her to this safe house . According to WAW , her rapist was a young man from an affluent family and quickly released from jail because of bribes and family connections . The organization forced the authorities back on the case and he was then sentenced to six years in a Kabul juvenile prison . He has three years left in his sentence , and Hosnia 's parents fear for their daughter 's life . So the shelter is her home now and the women and children here , her family . "  We will take care of her through adulthood , " Naderi said . Hosnia 's father , a poor farmer , knows the only chance for his girl to have a future in a country where rape victims are punished , is if she grows up here . This shelter has dozens of heart-wrenching stories ; it also houses dozens of women and girls who have the courage to live in a country where one of the biggest dangers is to be a woman .	U.N. : Nearly 90 percent of Afghan women suffer from domestic abuse There are less than a dozen shelters for women in the country In Afghanistan , women are often beaten , raped and even sold to the highest bidder Abusers are rarely prosecuted ; most women are afraid to complain
CNN  -- Once Usain Bolt got out of the starting blocks , no one was going to beat him at the world championships . Two years ago at the worlds , the Jamaican false started in the 100-meter final and was disqualified . His countryman and training partner , Yohan Blake , took advantage to claim gold in Daegu , South Korea . There was no false start for Bolt on Sunday in rainy Moscow and he captured his second world title in the 100 meters . His time of 9.77 seconds was well off his world record of 9.58 seconds but still good enough to comfortably beat American Justin Gatlin and Jamaican Nesta Carter . Bolt now owns six world championship gold medals to go along with six gold medals at the Olympics . "  I am happy but I wanted to do better , " Bolt was quoted as saying by the BBC . "  My legs were sore after the semifinals . " Perhaps mindful of what happened in South Korea , Bolt 's start was cautious and Gatlin led him early . But after getting fully into his stride , Bolt -- despite not feeling at his best -- eased past Gatlin and coasted home . Gatlin finished in 9.85 seconds and Carter in 9.95 . "  I thought I had it for a second but then I saw these long legs coming on my right side , " Gatlin told reporters . Bolt last year called himself a "  living legend " and the result in Moscow on Sunday wo n't diminish his confidence . It likely also lifted Jamaican sport . Jamaica was left reeling when two-time 200-meter Olympic champion Veronica Campbell-Brown , former 100-meter world-record holder Asafa Powell and Olympic relay gold medalist Sherone Simpson tested positive for banned substances before the world championships . Then last week , soccer 's FIFA announced that a Jamaican international tested positive for a banned substance , without naming the player . Besides Powell , Campbell-Brown and Simpson , American Tyson Gay failed a drug test and ruled himself out of the world championships in July . With sprinters thus under scrutiny , Bolt spoke up in July and said : "  I know I am clean . " Without Gay -- who owned the two fastest times in the 100 meters this year prior to Moscow -- and the injured Blake , Bolt 's task was made easier in Russia , although Gatlin defeated Bolt in Rome in June . Gatlin has served a four-year ban for doping . Bolt took center stage but he was n't the only standout to win another world title Sunday . Ethiopia 's Tirunesh Dibaba collected her third in the 10,000 meters , an event she 's won twice at the Olympics .	Usain Bolt wins the 100 meters at the world championships in a time of 9.77 seconds Bolt reclaims the world title after being disqualified from the 2011 final due to a false start American Justin Gatlin took the silver and Jamaica 's Nesta Carter claimed bronze
CNN  Kenya has stepped up its efforts to transform 40,000 acres of land into a wind farm , in a bid to meet growing demand for electricity . The 300 MW Lake Turkana Wind Power Project , which is being developed in the country 's North-East , hopes to produce 20 % of the country 's current installed electricity generating capacity when it comes online in 2016 . The $ 694 million project achieved full financial close in December 2014 , making it the largest private investment in Kenyan history . "  The success of this project , even though it has taken a long time to become successful , will inspire confidence in investors , " says William Macpherson , sub-Saharan African energy analyst at African Energy Consultancy . "  It 's a renewable plant -- which is harder to get right than other power plants -- and that it looks like it will be online relatively soon shows the government has got its priorities right . " The project is one part of the country 's ambitious project to add 5,000 MW of power onto the grid in the next three years . An international consortium of lenders and producers , which includes the African Development Bank , British company Aldwych International and Standard Bank , is aiming to install 365 wind turbines . The 52-meter blade span windmills will take advantage of high winds in the remote area . These breezy conditions are set to cause a jobs windfall . Over the 32 months when the hardware will be installed and new roads built , the project will employ as many as 2,500 people on a temporary basis . Once the wind farm is up and running , 200 people will be employed at the site on a full-time basis throughout the operating period . And such confidence in Kenya 's power sector was badly needed after disappointments elsewhere . The Dongo Kundu power plant near Mombasa has suffered long delays after the procurement process failed to produce a viable partner for the government , who wanted to build the Liquified Natural Gas facility in just 18 months . "  If all goes well with the Lake Turkana project , as we expect , it will relieve some of the pressure on the country 's energy targets , " explains Macpherson . Power shortages The Turkana investment , which is expected to generate $ 150 million a year in foreign currency savings to Kenya , could have an impact on houses and businesses that are forced to use diesel generators during power black outs . Indeed , in early January , a transmission line failure left over half the country without power for four hours . According to Kenya Power , the country 's main electricity transmission company , there were three widespread interruptions of power affecting 75 % of the country in 2014 . "  In the first month of 2015 , we saw approximately nine interruptions per 1,000 customers in one month at the household level , " explains Benson Muriithi , general manager of Network Management at Kenya Power . "  The plan is to bring that down to two interruptions per 1,000 customers by 2016 or 2017 . " State-owned power company KenGen produces approximately 80 % of electricity consumed in Kenya , and of that , 65 % comes from hydro-power sources . It is KenGen which provides the power to Kenya Power . "  While blackouts in Nairobi are not so frequent as they once were , there is still an issue with electricity supply , " says Macpherson . "  The government will want to move away from reliance on hydro as rainfall patterns are unreliable in the region . " And as demand for electricity grows , that issue is not going away . Electricity consumption grew by 9 % between 2010 and 2011 , according to the Institute of Economic Affairs and some estimates say demand will grow by a further 12 % by 2030 . As well as adding to electricity supply , some businesses will also be hoping the Lake Turkana Wind Power Project contributes to a decrease in power bills . According to the Norwegian Investment Fund for Developing Countries , Kenya Power will buy the power produced at the Turkana Wind Farm at a fixed price over 20 years . Regional powerhouse But it 's not just the east African country investing in renewable energy . According to EcoMENA , Morocco 's Ministry of Energy is planning a $ 13 billion expansion of wind , solar and hydroelectric power generation projects as part of the country 's goal to make renewables 42 % of the energy mix by 2020 . Ghana , meanwhile , is constructing the world 's fourth largest solar farm . The Nzema project , in the country 's Western Region , will have an installed capacity of 155MWp when it becomes operational later this year . While these projects will help build energy supply on the continent , the International Energy Agency has said sub-Saharan Africa needs to invest $ 300 billion in order to achieve universal electricity access by 2030 . Once up and running , the Turkana Wind Power Project will have the largest amount of wind turbines on the continent , even more than the 300MW Tarfaya wind farm in Morocco , which is currently Africa 's biggest wind farm with 131 turbines . It will also be larger than Ashegoda power generating complex in neighboring Ethiopia , which opened in October 2013 . Construction is set to begin early 2015 , but if the Lake Turkana Wind Power Project does what it 's supposed to then Kenyans could be in for fewer blackouts and a more connected future . "  We can expect the Lake Turkana Wind Power project to bring change gradually , " says Kenya Power 's Muriithi . "  As demand for electricity grows , we will see electricity generated from wind turbines play a more important role in Kenya 's and reduce power costs in the country . " More from Marketplace AfricaRead this : Could the next lunar mission come from South Africa?Read this : Robotics revolutions hits Ugandan classrooms Thomas Page contributed to this report .	Africa 's largest wind farm is being built in Kenya The $ 694 million project is the largest private investment in Kenyan history Electricity demand in Kenya is expected to grow by 12 % by 2030 The extra power could reduce black outs which hit businesses hard
On the southern fringes of Donetsk , in the shadow of a huge steel plant , a cacophony of barking overwhelms the dull thud of artillery fire . The PIF animal shelter is crammed with almost 1,000 dogs of all sizes , ages and breeds  though the number that can claim any sort of pedigree is probably in single figures  . Many are orphans of the conflict that has shaken this city for the past six months . Their owners have left or in a few cases been killed by the shelling . Some have been discovered tied up and emaciated ; others carry the scars of shrapnel or hobble around on three legs . There are several in every cage , with a handful of straw to protect them from temperatures that plunge far below freezing at night . The director of the sanctuary is Victoria Vasilieva , a tall middle-aged woman with jet black hair , whose compassion for the animals in her care is unstinting . She cradles a young dog called Jennifer , the only survivor when a shell hit her family 's home near the airport . Jennifer was found traumatized in the ruins and it has taken weeks to gain her trust . Vasilieva says that the dogs here used to be terrified by the sounds of war . Now , like the people of Donetsk , they hardly notice them . Inside the office block , a puppy -- mostly black Labrador - is recovering from a broken leg and shrapnel wound . Vats of oatmeal are cooking in the yard . It 's like feeding an army . A few very lucky dogs are going to new homes in Germany , Finland and Russia , but the great majority will remain at the shelter so long as there is money to feed them . The staff and volunteers at PIF are struggling to cope with the sudden influx , but the dogs here are a small fraction of the number now roaming the city , sleeping in bombed-out stores and the ruins of apartment blocks . Some run in packs , hungry and cold , as the long winter nights set in . PIF runs a sterilization program , but there are literally thousands of dogs on the streets -- and some residents worry they will turn vicious as they grow more desperate -- as if the people here did n't have enough to worry about already . Vasilieva says she has enough money to see the shelter through to the end of the year . Much of the center 's funding comes from one of Ukraine 's richest men , Rinat Akhmetov , a native of Donetsk who has moved to Kiev after falling out with those running the Donetsk People 's Republic , which is now in firm control of the city . Not far from the shelter , his foundation is also providing food aid to the city 's neediest people . The people -- especially the elderly -- and the animals of Donetsk are in a common struggle to survive . Old women , their faces creased by decades of endurance and hardship , still find a few scraps for dogs on the streets . Some share what little food they have with pets . But life here is getting tougher by the day : pensioners scrounge up coins worth less than one US cent in an effort to buy bread ; some of the handful of supermarkets still open have imposed a limit on how many coins they will accept . Heating , electricity and water supplies are intermittent . Inflation is accelerating because there are few safe routes in and out of the city and produce is more difficult to transport . The U.N. World Food Programme has distributed food vouchers to some 10,000 internally displaced people in the Donetsk region and aims to reach 120,000 people over the next six months . But the Ukrainian government estimates that some 450,000 people are displaced . And many of those who are not -- who can not flee the fighting -- are in just as much need . The Ukrainian government has decided to stop paying pensions , state salaries and other benefits in areas held by the separatists . Some people in Donetsk are traveling to nearby government-held cities like Mariupol to try to register for their pensions , but such trips bring risk and expense . The self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic says it is setting up a pension fund , but when and from where the money will come is unknown . There is still money in Donetsk , once a relatively prosperous city built on manufacturing and steel . But it is concentrated in a few hands . Most of those who have stayed -- or who came back when the ceasefire was signed in September -- have received no income for months . The full extent of the elderly 's plight is laid out on the sidewalks near Donetsk 's railway station . In temperatures below freezing on Saturday morning , a clutch of women -- and a few men -- stood over a few possessions , worth next to nothing , in the forlorn hope that someone would buy something . All of them appeared to be at least sixty . It was a pathetic scene . On offer : clothes hangers , chipped mugs , half-used tubes of medication , a Ricky Martin song book , a couple of screws and some nails . In nearly half an hour , we saw nothing sold . And the refrain from the street sellers was the same : "  I do n't know how we are going to survive . "	Shelter on the outskirts of Donetsk is home to almost 1,000 dogs Animals also run wild in packs through the war-torn city , sparking safety concerns Many dogs have been orphaned or abandoned by their owners because of the conflict The people of Donetsk are struggling to feed themselves , let alone pets , as winter closes in
CNN  -- Retail marijuana licenses issued by Colorado -- the first in the nation -- should arrive in the mail by the end of this week , according to the state Department of Revenue 's Marijuana Enforcement Division . The state sent out 348 retail marijuana licenses to prospective retail marijuana establishments on Monday , including 136 marijuana stores , 178 marijuana cultivation facilities , 31 products manufacturing facilities and three marijuana testing facilities . The state 's retail marijuana licensing process includes fingerprint-based background checks and financial checks . The businesses must also receive approval from the local authorities before they may operate . Thomas Behler , assistant manager at Ganja Gourmet , a medical marijuana dispensary in Denver , said he is happy about the licenses . "  Business should increase exponentially ; every 21-year-old on the planet is going to come here , " he said . "  We already have a successful business , but we are not in it for the money . We are helping people and providing them with a service . " Mason Tvert , director of communications for the Marijuana Policy Project , also praised the development , which he said will affect efforts in other states . "  Colorado will be leaving prohibition behind in the new year , " he said . "  The movement taking place in Colorado has piqued the interest of voters and elected officials around the country , many of whom will be taking the issue on in 2014 . " But Kevin Sabet , director of Smart Approaches to Marijuana , called the sale of recreational marijuana a "  social experiment . " "  This is the beginning of an era we will come to regret later -- where corporate greed in the name of "  Big Marijuana " openly promotes a product that every credible scientist has concluded is connected to mental illness , IQ loss , car crashes , and lung problems , " said Sabet , who co-founded the group with Patrick Kennedy . "  Hang on , we 're in for a wild ride , and sadly Colorado will be using its kids as guinea pigs for this social experiment . " In November , Colorado voters resoundingly supported taxing recreational marijuana . A year earlier , voters approved legalizing it . Opponents argued that it was unfair to single out marijuana for higher taxation over products such as beer . But strong support came from the fact that the nonpartisan Colorado Legislative Council projected it would generate nearly $ 70 million in additional state tax revenue next year .	Colorado 's retail marijuana licenses , the first in the nation , to arrive by mail this week State sent out 348 licenses to prospective retail marijuana establishments Tax revenue from marijuana sales could reach $ 70 million , group projects
I was sitting in the cockpit of my AH-1W Super Cobra attack helicopter when my division got a desperate call for help . It was August 2004 , and I was a part of the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit based in Iraq . Insurgents were hitting our troops with mortar rounds . The Marine squad was out of ammunition and could n't shoot back . They had just fought a long and fierce battle , supply reinforcements could n't reach them and they did n't even have any green smoke to mark their position for us . They needed assistance immediately . We took out the enemy target with the last remaining missile on our aircraft . Several months later , I was talking to a Marine . When he found out I flew Cobras , he started to recount an experience he had in Iraq in which a Cobra shot a missile and saved his squad . Turned out , it was the same mission ; the missile came from my aircraft . He stared at me and said , "  Ma'am , you saved my life . " Did it matter that the one who fired that missile was a woman , or that she was black and gay ? Absolutely not ! Fast forward almost 10 years to 2013 , and history has been made for women in the military . The ban on women in military combat has been lifted , allowing women to apply for jobs in front-line positions and elite commando units . Opinion : Will infantry men accept women as peers ? According to statistics from Women In Military Service For America Memorial Foundation , as of September 2011 , there were 214,098 women serving on active duty in the military . While that might sound like a large number , these women make up only 14.6 % of all active-duty service personnel . In the Marine Corps , women make up just a little more than 6 % . The Pentagon says women have been barred from roughly 237,000 positions , and they will now start looking to qualified women to fill these roles . This is long overdue . The debate the move has raised presents an obvious reality check : Our American community needs to be educated that women are capable of taking on military roles and have done so throughout the nation 's history . Women have already proven we can handle ourselves on the front lines . And in recent times , even with the ban on women in combat in place , women have been POWs . The Lioness Program , the Marine Corps all-female search team , is an example of why we ca n't accomplish our front line missions without women . The reality of modern warfare is that there are no front lines . Honestly , I am offended by how many times I hear "  women in combat " and "  lowering standards " used in the same sentence . True , the average man is physically stronger than the average woman . Standards should not be lowered and women do n't want them to be . No one should be in a job where he or she does n't meet the standards -- not every man , for example is fit to be a Navy SEAL . News : Single mom fought alongside combat troops in Afghanistan The argument that women in combat will have a negative impact on unit cohesion and morale is the same argument that was used to keep blacks and gays out of the military . At what point do we bring a stop to these ridiculous arguments and address what really matters ? Having more women on the battlefield will improve the military 's ability to carry out its mission . During my two tours flying helicopters in Iraq , my unit experienced many dangerous and potentially life-threatening scenarios . The ultimate sacrifice was n't meted out by gender . For those who are against women serving on the front line , know this : Opening up combat roles for women is merely formalizing the reality of what was already happening ; it 's just opening more roles and opportunities . The bottom line is if you can do the job , you should be out there doing it , whether you 're a man or a woman . The military has been a personal journey for me . My grandfather served in World War II and was a Montford Point Marine . My stepdad was a Marine and served three tours in Vietnam , and my father retired as a major from the Army Reserves after 24 years . I love being part of this legacy , and the legacy of service to our great nation . It 's time we give women the same opportunity to serve this great country . We 're all in this together .	Vernice Armour : In 2004 battle in Iraq , she saved a Marine squad by shooting a missile She says rescued Marines did n't care she was a woman . Now Pentagon lifting ban She says women in combat roles does n't lower standards ; they have long served in military Armour : Having more women on battlefield will up military 's ability to carry out mission
CNN  -- Even in death , peace seemed to elude little Myls Dobson . On Wednesday evening , one week after the badly beaten and burned boy was found in the apartment of the woman caring for him , his body was claimed at the morgue in New York . Authorities said the boy was found unconscious and unresponsive on the floor of the bathroom at The Ritz Plaza , a luxury high-rise in the Hell 's Kitchen section of Manhattan . He was later pronounced dead at a hospital . Kryzie King , 27 , was indicted in connection with the boy 's death in Manhattan criminal court Wednesday . She has been charged with first-degree assault , first-degree reckless endangerment , endangering the welfare of a child and unlawful imprisonment . A prosecutor told the court last week that King also was being investigated on suspicion of murder and faced additional charges . The indictment will be unsealed February 5 . In a statement last week , King 's attorney , Bryan Konoski , said : "  My client is not charged with homicide at this time and she is presumed to be innocent of allegations against her . I would tell everyone not jump to any conclusions at this time . " On Wednesday , Konoski did not return a call seeking comment . Myls ' father , Okee Wade , who has a lengthy arrest record , was jailed in New Jersey on conspiracy , theft and money laundering charges just days after dropping his son off with King in mid-December , authorities said . He pleaded not guilty . The boy 's mother , Ashlee Dobson , who faced abuse and neglect charges in both South Carolina and New York City before ultimately losing custody of Myls in 2011 , plans a memorial service for her son in Harlem on Tuesday night . "  We 're trying to get this child buried with dignity and respect , " said Tony Herbert , a spokesman for Dobson . In the final weeks of his brief life , Myls suffered unspeakable acts of neglect and violence , according to a criminal complaint . The boy had burn marks and abrasions on his head , neck , face and testicles , court papers said . There were bruises and numerous marks made by an object on his abdomen and legs and wrists -- bruises consistent with being restrained -- lacerations to his fingers , abrasions to his armpit , and bruises and scars on his back . The child appeared malnourished , the complaint said . King told police that Myls ' father dropped the child off for her to watch on December 17 and that she was the "  child 's primary and sole caretaker " until the time of his death , the complaint said . At a news conference Friday , Herbert said that Dobson lost custody of her son for financial reasons . Herbert and Dobson demanded answers from child welfare authorities . "  The city of New York put the child in the care of the father , who they knew was a felon , " Herbert said . "  You open up a case and then you close it thinking everything is fine ? No . That has to be answered . Who did that , who authorized that ? " Referring to child welfare authorities , he added , "  She was in a shelter , they did n't think it best that she would be in that shelter with a baby , so they gave him to the father . " David Bookstaver , a family court spokesman , said Wednesday that the mother 's financial straits or stay at a shelter had nothing to do with her losing custody of the child . "  The record reflected serious mental health issues that would have prevented her from properly caring for the young boy , " he said . "  In fact , she consented to have the father be Myls ' custodian , as did the child 's lawyer and the Administration for Children 's Services . " At the New York family court hearing , it was mentioned that Ashlee Dobson was arrested after an emergency room nurse at a South Carolina hospital spotted lacerations on the boy and called the police , according to an April 8 , 2011 , police report from the Colleton County Sheriff 's Office . She told police the injuries happened when Myls ran into traffic in the parking lot of a supermarket . She claimed she scratched the boy when she grabbed him and then fell on top of him , the report said . "  When they got up she stated that she slapped the child with a closed fist on his face because she was mad , " the report said . Dobson told police that Myls later fell down stairs and struck his head . Philip Lights , Dobson 's lawyer , said the case was later dismissed after his client agreed to counseling and treatment under the supervision of child welfare authorities . Last week , Dobson told reporters that she was turning her life around in hopes of regaining custody of her son . She had weekly visitation rights but last saw her son in November . In tears , she said , "  I love my son . He always loved me . He always gave me kisses . " The complaint portrays the finals weeks of Myls ' life as a living hell . King , the baby-sitter , told police that on December 29 she removed a hot rack from an oven with a glove and allegedly placed it against the boy 's right leg , leaving linear burn marks , the complaint said . The next day , she told police , she allegedly struck him about his body five or six times with a belt , leaving bruises and scars . The complaint said King admitted that from December 30 to January 4 , she allegedly tied the boy 's wrists and feet together with shoe laces and gagged him with a piece of cloth . She told police that treatment resulted in scaring on his wrists and ankles . On the day she freed him , the complaint said , King allegedly beat him 12 to 13 times with a belt . On January 7 , during subfreezing temperatures , King told police she allegedly locked the child , wearing only a T-shirt and shorts , outside on a balcony from 20 minutes to an hour , the complaint said . That same day , she allegedly locked the boy inside a dark bathroom for about three hours . King told authorities that the boy was "  being very difficult eating and that the last full meal he ate was on December 26 , 2013 ; after that he would only pick at his food , " the complaint said . The last time the boy ate or drank anything was on January 3 . Aside from her comments about the child not eating well , King gave no indication in the complaint of what might have prompted her purported actions . After arriving at King 's home on December 17 , the complaint said , Myls Dobson lost 20 to 25 pounds . Julie Bolcer , a spokeswoman for the city medical examiner 's office , said an autopsy was performed Thursday , but the cause of death is pending further study . New York Mayor Bill de Blasio called Myls ' death tragic and ordered a full report on what happened by the end of this week . "  Each one of these tragedies , it 's our job to try to stop , " he said . "  And god forbid when they happen , it is our job to learn from them and try to every time do better so we can reach more children . "	A week after horrific death , boy 's body claimed at New York morgue Kryzie King , 27 , is indicted in connection with the death of Myls Dobson "  We 're trying to get this child buried with dignity and respect , " mother 's spokesman says
CNN  -- As air crash investigators pick over the wreckage of flight QV301 -- the Lao Airlines plane that crashed in bad weather on Tuesday with 50 people on board -- concerns over air safety are growing as the number of flights in South East Asia increases . A steep rise in air traffic in countries like Myanmar , Laos and Cambodia -- fueled by a boom in tourism -- means domestic air regulators are having to contend with creaking infrastructure and a lack of experience in maintaining internationally recognized standards . Laos has a patchy record on air safety , logging 30 fatal air accidents since the 1950s according to the Aviation Safety Network , though data shows things have started to improve in the past decade . The story in other emerging markets in South East Asia tells a similar story . Both the U.S. State Department and Britain 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office have issued travel warnings directly related to the aviation industry in Myanmar -- also known as Burma -- following an incident in 2012 , when an Air Bagan plane carrying more than 60 passengers crashed on Christmas Day . The State Department has warned travelers to keep in mind Myanmar 's sometimes shadowy record regarding its civil aviation report card . "  The safety records of Burma 's domestic airlines are not open to the public , nor is public information available concerning the Burma government 's oversight of domestic airlines , " it says on its website . But Myanmar aims to change that by setting its sights on the release of a national civil aviation policy to prepare for the traffic boom that threatens to overwhelm its inadequate air transport infrastructure . Government forecasts predict annual visitors to rise to six million in 2017 from its current 1.5 million annually , and its fast growing airline industry has received applications from four airlines owned by Burmese nationals , adding to the seven domestic carriers currently . Shukor Yusof , an aviation analyst with ratings agency Standard and Poor 's , said standards differed dramatically across the South East Asian region . "  It varies from country to country and airline to airline . In first world countries , Singapore Hong Kong and Malaysia , there are few concerns about the safety of aviation because they 've had a long track record , " Yusof told CNN . "  But then you have developing markets in Indonesia and Indochina -- and Myanmar is another country which is up and coming -- where it 's really up to the operators to keep abreast with different maintenance and training requirements . "  Increasingly with the growth of low-cost airlines in the region , there will be issues surrounding safety especially in countries that are well known for safety . " He said infrastructure in Myanmar would be under strain if it did n't keep pace with the growth of the market . Overcrowding is already an issue in Myanmar where of the 600,000 people who visited Myanmar by air last year , 500,000 arrived in Yangon , its former capital . according to industry reports . In August this year , Myanmar 's Department of Civil Aviation announced plans to improve and expand Yangon International Airport and Mandalay International Airport , as well to develop the new Hanthawaddy International Airport 50 miles  80 km  north of Yangon . "  The equipment and facilities in Myanmar are quite old and with the rise of tourism they really need to get up to speed and get foreign experts to come in and help develop that market as quickly as they can , " Yusof said . "  We are not seeing that happen as swiftly as we 'd like to . " He said Indonesia was the real emerging market in the South East Asian aviation industry , but it also needed to catch up with respect to infrastructure requirements . "  The growth of discount carriers in Indonesia is phenomenal -- they are actually driving the market in the whole region but investment in infrastructure and airports and technology is not keeping pace with the growth of aviation economics in that country . "  The story is the same all over Indochina excluding Thailand , of course . In places like Laos , Cambodia and Myanmar , they need to do more than simply open the doors to tourism . "  Safety is fundamental if you want a functioning aviation industry . "	Concerns grow over safety amid South East Asia budget carrier boom Newcomers to the market such as Laos , Cambodia and Myanmar have creaking infrastructure Myanmar is attempting to catch up with an exponential growth in its tourism numbers Analysts say Indonesia is leading the region in the budget carrier boom
CNN  -- New Zealand writer Eleanor Catton has made history as the youngest ever winner of the Man Booker Prize , the most prestigious literary prize in the Commonwealth , with her second novel , "  The Luminaries . " The 28-year old 's book , a murder mystery set on New Zealand 's remote , forbidding West Coast during the 1860s gold rush and featuring seances , opium and a dead hermit , was described by the judges at the time it was shortlisted as a "  Kiwi Twin Peaks . " The chair of judges Robert Macfarlane said it was a "  dazzling work , luminous , vast " and "  extraordinarily gripping . " "  The characters are in New Zealand to make and to gain -- the one thing that disrupts them is love , " he said . He also praised the poise demonstrated by the young writer , who began the book aged 25 and completed it at the age of 27 . "  Maturity is evident in every sentence , in the rhythms and balances . It is a novel of astonishing control . " Canada 's Alice Munro , ` master ' of short stories , wins Nobel Prize in literature Accepting the award at London 's Guildhall Tuesday , Catton joked about her 832-page book 's length -- 160 pages longer than the previous longest winner of the prize . "  I 've actually just had to buy a new handbag because my old handbag was n't big enough to fit my book , " she said , before thanking her publishers for allowing her to pursue her complex , lengthy "  publisher 's nightmare " by freeing her from commercial pressures . "  I was free throughout to concern myself with questions not of value , but of worth , " she said . Catton is only the second New Zealander to win the prize , which is awarded each year for the best English-language novel published by a citizen of Britain , Ireland or a Commonwealth country , and carries a GBP50 ,000  US$ 79,880  award . The previous winner was Keri Hulme for "  The Bone People " in 1985 , also set on New Zealand 's West Coast . Canada can also lay claim to Catton , who was born in London , Ontario , where her father was completing a doctorate , and raised in Christchurch when the family returned to New Zealand . Catton said she had drawn inspiration for her novel from classics including "  The Brothers Karamazov , " "  Crime and Punishment " and "  Moby-Dick , " and drawn heavily on archived newspapers of the period for her research . Malaysian novelist wins Man Asian Literary Prize "  I was able to see how much everything cost ; what kinds of foods and wares were available to buy and sell , what entertainments were on offer , and , most importantly ... read transcripts of actual court trials from the period , " she said . "  The trials are extraordinarily vivid in their detail : I recall a man sentenced to death by hanging , shouting from the dock , ' I have in me three hearts and my father knows it . ' That line gives me chills . " The previous youngest winner of the Booker was Ben Okri , who was 32 when he won for "  The Famished Road " in 1991 . Fergus Barrowman , New Zealand publisher of "  The Luminaries " at Victoria University Press , said he realized on reading the manuscript he was dealing with a "  masterpiece -- a brilliant and brave and totally successful work of art . "  I knew it had the potential to go this far , but you never count the chickens in this game , " he said . "  I think it will be a book that 's read for decades to come . " He anticipated the win would help shine a spotlight on other New Zealand writers . "  It 's certainly reminded people that the best new talent can come from anywhere in the world and often if it comes from a distant part of the world it 's fresher and more exciting . " Hilary Mantel becomes first woman to win Booker Prize twice The other shortlisted authors for the prize were Indian-American Jhumpa Lahiri for "  The Lowland , " Irish writer Colm Toibin for "  The Testament of Mary , " Zimbabwe 's NoViolet Bulawayo for "  We Need New Names , " British writer Jim Crace for "  Harvest " and Canadian Ruth Ozeki for "  A Tale for the Time Being . " This year 's award marked the last time that entry in the awards will be limited to certain nationalities , with the organizers ' decision to open the awards to competition from any novel written in English and published in the United Kingdom -- opening the door to writers from the United States and further afield . The decision caused alarm among sections of the British literary world , with some expressing concern that the contest would come to be dominated by established American writers and lose its potential to highlight literary talent from around the world . But Catton said she welcomed the move . "  I think it 's a really great thing that finally we 've got a prize that is an English-language prize that does n't make a distinction for writers who are writing from a particular country , " she said . Previous winners of the prize include Salman Rushdie , Hilary Mantel , Ian McEwen , J.M. Coetzee , Kazuo Ishiguro and Peter Carey . Egyptian writer shares passion for her country with the world	New Zealander Eleanor Catton , 28 , wins Man Booker Prize for "  The Luminaries " The murder mystery is set on New Zealand 's West Coast during the 1860s gold rush Catton is three years younger than the previous youngest winner At 832 pages , her book was also the longest novel to win the prestigious award
CNN  -- A typhoon slinging fierce winds moved north Saturday toward the Japanese island of Okinawa , on a track to hit the Korean Peninsula , where dozens of people were killed by a big storm last month . Tropical cyclone Sanba had winds of 232 kilometers per hour  144 mph  , said CNNI Weather Anchor Jenny Harrison . "  One expects and assumes that people are beginning to already take serious precautions as to the arrival of this very strong typhoon , " she said . She predicted that storm surge could prove to be a problem for islanders . "  It 's a large storm and it 's going to have a fairly wide-reaching effect , " she said . "  Okinawa is pretty much in the path of this storm . " The storm had been , "  for a very short time , " classified as a "  super typhoon , " with winds of more than 241 mph  150 mph  , she said . Typhoon tourism : One week in North Korea Sanba is expected to approach Okinawa late Saturday or early Sunday local time before trudging on toward South Korea , according to projections from regional weather agencies . It is forecast to gradually weaken as it moves north . The Japanese Meteorological Agency on Friday classified Sanba 's scale as "  large " and intensity as "  violent . " Last month , Typhoon Bolaven killed more than 60 people on the Korean Peninsula . Bolaven had also swept over Okinawa , which escaped relatively unscathed . North Korea rebuffs typhoon aid offer from South The infrastructure on Okinawa is designed to withstand powerful storms , since the island is in an area of the western Pacific Ocean where typhoons are frequent .	Typhoon Sanba has sustained winds of 144 mph near its center It is expected to approach Okinawa late Saturday or early Sunday before heading to South Korea Last month , another large storm killed more than 60 people on the Korea Peninsula
Washington  CNN  The State Department is reviewing Hillary Clinton 's emails to determine what can be released to the public , not whether she did anything wrong , according to a senior department official . Clinton aides and department officials stressed this week that the former secretary of state did not violate State policy when she exclusively used a private email account for government work . However , it is currently unclear whether Clinton broke a State guideline dating back to 2005 that suggested "  normal day-to-day operations be conducted on an  authorized information system  , which has the proper level of security control . " Those guidelines were filled with exemptions that could allow Clinton to use a private account . The department official was careful to say that the people reviewing the documents are "  not going to prejudge the outcome of the review of Secretary Clinton 's 55,000 pages of emails . " Clinton was not automatically in violation of State Department policy when she exclusively used a private email during her four years as America 's top diplomat , the source added , contradicting other media on Thursday . "  Under federal regulations , there is no prohibition on using a personal email for official business as long as any records are preserved , " the official said . "  Reports claiming that by using personal email she is automatically in violation of that FAM -LSB- Foreign Affairs manual -RSB- are inaccurate . " Clinton 's use of private email was never hidden from anyone , according to a former State Department official . The former secretary of state sent thousands of employees message from that account and in her four plus years at the State Department , nobody raised a red flag and say that she could n't conduct her email communication in the manner she was conducting it , the former official adds . There were no big internal discussion among State Department lawyers , either , about Clinton 's use of private email . The former official said it was simply accepted as her form of communication . Clinton 's exclusive use of a private email system has quickly ballooned this week into a controversy for the presumed Democratic frontrunner for president in 2016 . Experts have said it does n't appear Clinton violated federal laws , but that has n't stemmed the issue that has become more about bad optics and politics . Clinton tweeted on Wednesday night that she asked State to release her emails . "  I want the public to see my email , " her tweet said . "  They said they will review them for release as soon as possible . " The State Department acknowledged Clinton 's request after the tweet , and a senior official said the review could "  take several months . " And while State officials said their review will focus on what can be released , the inquiry will also have to determine what is not suitable for dissemination given its sensitivity . If the department has to withhold documents , questions are likely to be raised about whether Clinton broke State Department guidance for transmuting sensitive but unclassified materials . On Friday , Marie Harf , a state department spokeswoman , said she was "  not going to speculate " about whether there is sensitive information in Clinton 's emails . "  We just do n't know what would happen in that situation , there are so many variables and factors , I just really do n't want to speculate , " Harf said . The New York Times reported on Thursday that Clinton 's closest aides at State were well aware that Clinton communicated using a private email address . "  Neither career foreign service officers nor State Department lawyers suggested that Mrs. Clinton use a department email address , " the Times reported , citing a person with direct knowledge of the inner workings of State Department under Mrs. Clinton . Clinton 's spokesman failed to comment to CNN questions about those revelations by the Times . A senior State Department official did say on Friday that administration officials who engaged in email exchanges with her would been party to the fact she used a private account , although it is unclear how many administration officials she actually emailed . Several Clinton former senior staffers have said they used to get their instructions from her verbally . The questions around Clinton 's email use have captivated political watchers over the last week and allowed Republicans to cast Clinton in a similar way they did her husband , former President Bill Clinton : As a secretive politician pushing the boundaries and rules and regulations . Charges of hypocrisy have also surfaced given that an inspector general 's report from 2012 - while Clinton was secretary - repeatedly cited Ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration 's use of "  commercial email for official government business " saying it was against policy to do so "  except in emergencies , " which created morale problems , "  confusion and discouragement within the embassy community . " Gration , who resigned his post in 2012 before the IG report became public , was criticized for a number of other things in the document , but it was clear that his using commercial email instead of State Department email was a real concern . At the time , Clinton was using her own personal email account to conduct official business . Clinton set up a server at her home in New York to keep her emails , meaning she and her aides were in possession of the documents , not the State Department . When the representatives from State asked for all her records in 2014 , Clinton sent them the 55,000 pages of emails . A Clinton aide said they provided "  anything that pertained to her work " at State , but it is impossible to verify the former secretary of state did send everything . State Department guidelines require employees who use private email accounts to back up those documents on government computers so that the department can archive them and they can be available for Freedom of Information Act requests . Clinton aides argue that they complied with State rules when they sent the documents to the department , but that did not happen until 2014 , over a year after Clinton left the department . In addition to directives from State , federal guidelines from Clinton 's four years leading the department do not appear to outlaw the exclusive use of personal email devices . The National Archives and Records Administration , the government agency that regulates the Federal Records Act , issued guidance in 2009 -- the same year Clinton took over at State -- that allowed agency employees to use personal accounts as long as they ensured "  that federal records sent or received on such systems are preserved in the appropriate agency recordkeeping system . " Before that , the archives agency said they did not "  specifically address this issue . " It was n't until 2014 - when President Barack Obama signed an update to the Federal Records Law - that a timeline was set up to mandate how quickly emails had to be turned over by people who used personal devices . David Chalian , Jim Acosta , Brianna Keilar and Chris Frates contributed to this report .	Clinton 's use of private email was never hidden from anyone Experts have said it does n't appear Clinton violated federal laws
Washington  CNN  -- It 's beginning to look a lot like , well , 2011 again , at least at the nation 's gas pumps . The national average price of gasoline has dropped to a fraction of a penny under $ 3.25 a gallon , according to the American Automobile Association . That 's the lowest average in almost two years -- welcome news for the estimated 84.4 million Americans planning to hit the roads when the holiday period officially gets underway on Saturday . It was n't that long ago when motorists could literally stand in front of a gas station sign and see the numbers increasing right before their eyes . This month 's prices have been in reverse . The average price of gas has dropped every day in December for a total of 15.4 cents a gallon so far for the month , according to the latest statistics from AAA . That 's a 4.5 % drop in less than three weeks . Since mid-September , the national average price has declined 62.3 cents a gallon  16 % . When it comes to Christmas travel , money does not always dictate what people decide to do , the travel experts say . "  The year-end holiday season remains the least volatile of all travel holidays as Americans will not let economic conditions or high gas prices dictate if they go home for the holidays or kick off the New Year with a vacation , " said AAA President and CEO Robert Darbelnet in a recent statement . AAA predicts what people do n't spend at gas stations could free up money for more spending on presents , dining and entertainment . Gas prices are expected to drop through the rest of the month and could dip to an average of $ 3.20 a gallon . The automobile association averages gas prices to a fraction of a penny , and says the national average price came out to $ 3.248 a gallon . Motorists in Missouri are looking at average prices of $ 2.955 , the lowest in the country , the association says . Hawaii tops off with the highest pump costs at $ 3.979 a gallon , still better than the $ 4 per gallon motorists there had been seeing throughout the year . Read more : U.S. gas prices ` crash ' CNN 's Katia Hetter contributed to this report .	The American Automobile Association says 84.4 million Americans will be on the road Statistics from AAA put the national average price of gas at just under $ 3.25 a gallon Gas prices have dropped every day in December , cutting 15.4 cents from the gallon cost
CNN  -- University of Louisville guard Kevin Ware does n't want to see any replays of his severely broken leg , suffered during a weekend basketball game on national television , he told CNN Wednesday . "  I do n't plan on seeing the video . I honestly never want to see the video . It puts me in a mental state that I do n't want to be , " he said . The gruesome injury , in which his right shin bone snapped and protruded though the skin , was part of "  God 's plan , " he added . His teammates were horrified to see it on the court Sunday . "  This is all God . This is all God 's plan . He would never let anything happen that He would n't want to happen , " he told CNN . His mother , Lisa , who was sitting beside him during the interview , said the incident upset her badly . "  I just lost it , " she said . "  It really did look that bad . " Ware intends to return the court some day . The broken leg , held together by two metal plates , will heal in eight to 12 weeks , he said . "  I will play basketball again , " he asserted . "  I know patience is key . " Earlier Wednesday , Ware recounted his shock over the severely broken leg , which occurred Sunday in Indianapolis during the Midwest regional final of the NCAA men 's tournament , against Duke . "  I look down and I see my bone is 6 inches out of my leg and I go into automatic shock , " he told reporters at a news conference . Teammate Luke Hancock went to Ware and said a prayer for him . Ware said to himself that "  I 'm either going to cry ... or I 'm just going to try to say some words  to help the team  . We beat Duke by 22 , so I guess my word got through good enough . " "  Luke is a great guy , " Ware said . The injury occurred after Ware jumped to try to block a shot . Louisville player , injured badly on Sunday , out of hospital "  I kind of joke a little bit , like I should have blocked the shot because I jumped so high , but I guess I just landed wrong and did n't see where I was landing , so that 's kind of what caused the injury , " Ware said . He said he believes there 's a reason for everything , but "  I do n't know what the reason is going to be " for the injury . "  It is just a process . I 'm ready for it , " he said . He said he was surprised to see his teammates ' tearful and distressed reactions . "  Everybody was in real shock , and just looking around and seeing that , it was devastating , " said Ware , who was using crutches Wednesday . "  But they pulled it through , and that 's really most important right now . We still have a season , and we do n't want our season to end , so got to get the job done , " Ware said . Coach Rick Pitino sat beside Ware as the player recalled the incident . Ware could be playing again in less than a year In a two-hour surgery , Ware 's broken tibia was straightened and a rod was inserted into it , according to a statement from Kenneth Klein , senior associate athletic director for media relations at the university . A photo posted on the Internet shows Ware 's jubilant teammates holding up his jersey as they celebrated their win over Duke , which sent them to the tournament 's Final Four this coming weekend in Atlanta . Another showed Ware in his hospital bed , holding the trophy his teammates brought to him . Ware has been touched by the public support . "  I 'm a very quiet guy , so a lot of this is really new to me , you know , " Ware said . "  I really just appreciate everybody and the support I have right now . "  I 'll be fine , but  we 've  still got to win this championship , " he added . His doctors asked Ware whether he had previous shin problems , but he told them he 's never had such issues . Louisville will take on Wichita State at 6:05 p.m. ET on Saturday , with the winner advancing to the national championship game Monday . School officials told CNN that Ware will be able to travel with his teammates when they fly to Atlanta on Wednesday night . CNN 's Dan Moriarty contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I will play basketball again , " Ware tells CNN NEW : "  This is all God 's plan , " Wares says about the setback NEW : "  I just lost it , " his mother adds about son 's grotesque injury "  I see my bone is 6 inches out of my leg and I go into automatic shock , " Ware says
This week , House Speaker John Boehner announced that the House will not consider immigration reform this year . Despite growing numbers and increasing political influence of the nation 's Latino population , the House leadership has chosen to show it disrespect . How shameful . Here is some context : Last year , 409,849 human beings -- mothers , fathers , sons and daughters -- were torn from their families and deported . Millions have been exploited , forced to live in unrelenting fear of workplace raids and criminalized as they seek a fair pathway to citizenship . An entire generation of immigrants , the majority of whom are immigrants of color , are relegated to second-class status . Sadly , many of the same corporations that build the country 's correctional facilities also build and run prison-like immigrant detention facilities . Since the Illegal Immigration Reform Act and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 , which cuts off long-standing policies of pardoning eligible immigrants who were at one point undocumented , and since 9/11 , even the path to legality and recognition as human beings with equal rights has become an illusion . The breakdown of our democratic values does not end there . The path to equal representation in our democracy -- our fundamental right to vote -- must also be urgently addressed . On June 25 , the Supreme Court struck down the formula of the Voting Rights Act needed for the federal government to protect rights in states with long histories of discrimination . Just two hours after the decision , Texas announced it would reinstate its strict voter ID law . This law had already been struck down by the Justice Department as discriminatory against Latinos and African Americans -- groups significantly less likely to have the limited forms of government-issued photo ID required under the law . Florida has followed suit by purging its voting rolls , ensnaring former immigrants who are now citizens despite the lack of measurable non-citizen voter fraud . Under the purge procedure , Florida 's immigrant communities may be at risk of getting hit with letters questioning their citizenship status , hearing dates , requirements to show their papers and the costs of replacing lost documents . The state renewed this intimidating attempt to scare off communities of naturalized citizens , despite having settled a discrimination claim brought over a similar purge in 2012 by Advancement Project , Latino Justice , other national voting rights groups , and Florida-based Latino and Haitian American community groups . In state after state across the country , voter ID and other "  show me your papers to vote " laws , laws that disparately impact immigrants of color , are being pursued at an alarming rate . Given our nation 's long history of racial discrimination , it is perhaps not surprising that there is a great backlash against inclusion and equality as the face of our nation changes and the immigrant population grows dramatically . Restrictions on voting rights based on race have been going on since formerly enslaved black Americans first became "  citizens " and eligible to vote . But disenfranchisement is not the American way . True democracy is impossible if millions have no road map to become citizens , and if those who are citizens have their voting rights challenged at every turn . For a true and just democracy , we must dismantle any ethnic and racial barriers to citizenship and voting rights . Only when each person , regardless of race or ethnicity , is allowed to equally participate will our fundamental notions of citizenship and democracy -- and indeed , the American dream -- be realized .	Katherine Culliton-González : Boehner says House wo n't take up immigration reform She says this is shameful ; a generation of immigrants live in shadows Promise of equal rights also hurt by Voter ID laws that tend to target people of color , she says Writer : For a just democracy , we must dismantle racial barriers to citizenship and voting rights
CNN  -- From street corners , buses and subways to phone calls , e-mails , text messages , online posts and tweets , people around the world commented , pondered , and paid tribute to pop legend Michael Jackson , who died Thursday afternoon in Los Angeles . Pedestrians in Sydney , Australia , watch a TV screen announcing Michael Jackson 's death on Friday . Around midnight at London 's Leicester Square , as news of Jackson 's death spread , Luis Carlos Ameida and his friends were surrounding a car listening to the star 's music . Ameida said he 'd gotten tickets to see Jackson at his "  This Is It " concerts beginning on July 13 in London . "  From a young age , you know , I used to have the video game , " said Ameida . "  I used to have the white suit , and I 'd wear it on my birthday . I used to moonwalk ... I remember my mum used to send me to lessons to be like Michael Jackson . And when I heard the news , I had tears in my eyes because of that connection I had because of all the songs he used to play . " In Glastonbury , southern England , where one of the world 's largest music festivals was to kick off Friday morning , initial rumors and then confirmation of Jackson 's death added to confusion and then shock among festival goers . Watch British fans react " "  As I was walking back through the crowd it was the word on everyone 's lips , " Sally Anne Aldous , 29 , told CNN over the phone . Reaction from around the world in pictures " Backstage , Michael Jackson songs were being played in tribute , and fans talked of an impromptu memorial for the late singer at the "  Stone Circle , " a neolithic monument in the grounds of the venue . In Adelaide , Australia , Christos Winter of the MJ Fan Club had organized a petition to bring Jackson to tour there . "  It did n't matter if you were 60 , 40 or 20 like I am . Michael Jackson 's music just spoke to everyone ... It was always uplifting and happy music , " Winter told CNN . On a street in New Delhi , India , 31-year-old Sachina Verma said on Friday , "  Any of the baby boomer generation or , you know , people from my age or our time , I mean they have grown up on his music . Literally , people have been inspired by his dance movements , by his music . Tributes appeared on YouTube and CNN 's iReport . "  I remember growing up in the Middle East , influenced , enjoying his music , waiting for his albums , " CNN iReporter Rany Freeman , an Egyptian living in Canada , said in a video submission . "  Regardless to his strange behaviors or questionable events that happened to his life , let 's remember him as the great entertainer he was . " Another iReporter , Peter Maiyoh , a Kenyan student studying in the U.S. city of Kansas , Missouri , called Jackson "  the voice of change , " saying "  he was there before Tiger Woods , before Michael Jordan , even before Barack Obama ... I hope people remember him for the work he did . " On a Facebook page dedicated to Michael Jackson , fans across the world left hundreds of messages in languages ranging from French and Spanish to Japanese and Hebrew . Watch fan reaction in Tokyo , Japan " "  SHANGHAI WILL MISS YOU ! NOT JUST SHANGHAI ! . . EVERYONE IN THIS WORLD WILL MISS YOU ! WE LOVE YOU MICHAEL !!! " wrote Vrishti Bhowmik . Kase Ng , a 24-year-old manicurist and member of the Michael Jackson Hong Kong Fan Club , told CNN by phone she had been planning to go with four friends to his August 1 concert in London . Watch fans in Hong Kong , China , react " Expressing sadness and shock over Jackson 's death , Ng recalled being inspired by an interview he once gave to Oprah Winfrey . "  He said if you have power , try to give it back and help the others , and I will try to do that , " she said . At a music store in Beijing , China , Jackson songs were being played , and his albums were put on special display . "  I rather enjoyed it  his music  because in my family my brother 's generation likes his music , " said customer Xu Wei . "  Many , many people in China like him a lot . " Watch reaction from around the world Although Jackson never played in mainland China , his music was among the first in the West made available there , as the peak of his popularity during the 1980s coincided with the opening up of the communist country . On Friday , Chinese netizens had set up a Web site memorial to Jackson , and on Fanfou.com , China 's version of Twitter , the pop star has become the most popular tag . Fanfou user Layla Suen , or "  Leilajiang , " of Shenyang city in Liaoning province wrote about her memories of Jackson : "  When I was only four , my brother demanded that I learn his ` Thriller . ' It was the second song I 've ever learnt  the first one being something taught by the kindergarten teacher  . Everytime I sing it at my kindergarten it would scare a bunch of little children . " Chinese blogger and media commentator Michael Anti wrote on his Facebook page : "  So sad about Jackson 's Death , for my English first name is really named after him when I was a freshman . " Ethan Zuckerman , a fellow of the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard University , tweeted in the hour after Jackson 's death was announced , "  My twitter search script sees roughly 15 % of all posts on Twitter mentioning Michael Jackson . Never saw Iran or swine flu reach over 5 % . " As Jackson 's death quickly overshadowed all else Friday , commentators worried that the world would forget about political developments in Iran . "  Am I the only one who thinks that Michael Jackson 's passing is the worst thing that could have happened to the protesters in Iran ? " wrote Melissa Cohen , or mcohen00 , on Twitter . CNN 's Emily Chang , Jaime FlorCruz , Miranda Leitsinger , Mairi Mackay , Linnie Rawlinson and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Fans across the world remark on Jackson 's music Postings on Twitter express concern Jackson will overshadow Iran "  I remember growing up in the Middle East ... waiting for his albums , " iReporter says Chinese netizens set up Web site memorial for Jackson
CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao became the fifth boxer to win major world titles in five different weight divisions after demolishing WBO welterweight champion Miguel Cotto in Las Vegas on Saturday night . The Filipino , dubbed "  Pac Man " , stopped the Puerto Rican in the 12th and final round to boost his claims to be known as the world 's best pound-for-pound fighter with a victory in his seventh weight category -- his Ring Magazine and IBO crowns are not universally recognized . Cotto weighed in at 145 pounds in front a 5,000 strong crowd at the MGM Grand Arena , with Pacquiao tipping the scales at 144 pounds . The fight began well for Cotto as he delivered several powerful jabs , despite Pacquiao 's speed . But Cotto found himself on the canvas in the second round after Pacquiao struck him with a flash knockdown Pacquaio followed this in the fourth round with a right-hook left-hook combo , and continued to punish his opponent , who suffered swelling above both eyes . Cotto lasted until the final round , when referee Kenny Bayless stopped the fight following another onslaught from Pacquiao . "  I heard that he was bigger than me and stronger than me and that 's why I tried to be more aggressive and fight toe to toe and try to  negate  his power , " Pacquiao said . "  Our strategy for the fight was not to hurry , take our time , because we knew his strategy was that he was going to counter . We were very careful in the early rounds then I controlled the fight and tried to put him under pressure . "  We tried our best to knock him out because that 's what my trainer said . I thought they were going to stop the fight in the 11th round and I was surprised he made it to the 12th round . " It was Pacquiao 's first fight since a stunning knockout of Britain 's Ricky Hatton sixth months ago at the same venue , having convincingly defeated the legendary Oscar De La Hoya in his previous outing . Pacquiao , who has won 49 fights , lost three and drawn two , is being lined up for a money-spinning fight with American Floyd Mayweather Jr , who has also won five major titles in five weight divisions . Pacquiao was rated as favorite by Las Vegas oddsmakers , but Cotto -- who has held a world title every year since 2004 -- had just one defeat in 35 fights with 27 knockouts going into the bout .	Manny Pacquiao defeats defending champion Miguel Cotto for WBO welterweight title The Filipino becomes only the fifth boxer to win major titles in five weight divisions He has won in seven categories but his Ring Magazine and IBO crowns are not universally recognized He stopped Puerto Rico 's Cotto in the 12th and final round of the bout in Las Vegas
CNN  -- She 's been called Italy 's answer to Michael Moore , and she does n't pull any punches -- even when the subject she 's taking to task is Italian leader Silvio Berlusconi . Filmmaker Sabina Guzzanti puts the prime minister 's handling of the L'Aquila earthquake , which killed nearly 300 people and devastated the city when it struck last year , under deep scrutiny in her latest documentary "  Draquila -- Italy Trembles . " Recently screened at Cannes Film Festival , the documentary is creating a stir among critics and the Italian government alike . Even though he has been dogged by allegations of corruption and fraud -- which he strongly denies -- as well as criticism of his personal lifestyle , many Italians still support Berlusconi . There are so many scandals in Italy , the picture can get quite complicated , Guzzanti told CNN . At home , she is a well-known political satirist and critic of the government . She decided to focus on one disaster , L'Aquila , to show how abuse of power , corruption and misinformation have contributed to what she presents as the precarious state of democracy in Italy today . "  The idea was this : Explain Italy through L'Aquila , " she told CNN . The Italian government has responded angrily to the film , whose title is a combination of the words "  Dracula " and "  L'Aquila . " Culture Minister Sandro Bondi refused to attend Cannes , where the film was shown as part of the festival 's special screening program . Bondi issued a statement , dismissing the documentary as "  propaganda " and saying it "  offends the truth and all of the Italian people . " Guzzanti is used to incurring the government 's displeasure . "  Raiot , " a political satire TV show she wrote , directed and acted in , was cancelled after just one episode on a state-owned television network following a defamation suit filed by Silvio Berlusconi 's Mediaset TV network . In a retort , she made "  Viva Zapatero , " a 2005 film that examines censorship . So , what is it about "  Draquila , " Guzzanti 's fourth feature , that has created an uproar among Berlusconi supporters ? Guzzanti argues that Berlusconi , whose ratings were suffering when the earthquake hit in April last year , took advantage of the tragic event to improve his image and boost the public 's opinion of him . The documentary uses straightforward language to paint a stark picture of what the filmmaker sees as Berlusconi 's exploitation of the tragic event . "  Opinion polls showed his popularity was plummeting . So , when , at 0332 on April 6 , 2009 , an earthquake awoke even those in the Big Brother house , and when it emerged an entire town was destroyed , for Berlusconi it was like God reaching out to him again , " a voiceover says in the film . Watch a clip of the film In the wake of the quake , Berlusconi made a last-minute decision to move the G8 Summit to L'Aquila from Sardinia -- a gesture that attracted world attention -- and took advantage of photo opportunities in several trips to the leveled city . Even more damning , though , is the documentary 's examination of the reconstruction efforts in L'Aquila . In particular , the film takes issue with the role played by the Civil Protection Authority . The film argues that the government agency has amassed such immense power under Berlusconi that it can dodge the law -- when granting reconstruction contracts , for instance -- all in the name of emergency and safety . For Guzzanti , investigating the aftermath of the earthquake and the power of the Civil Protection Authority is a way of examining Italy 's drift into authoritarianism . "  They became like a private army of the prime minister with licence of spending money and making laws , " she said of the agency . "  And I was shocked and started to investigate . " Her film has won praise , not only for its high degree of scrutiny , but for its even-handedness as well . The Hollywood Reporter described "  Draquila " as a "  straightforward and surprisingly balanced documentary . " While her probing style and knack for ruffling feathers make it easy to draw comparisons with Michael Moore , Guzzanti distinguishes herself with an ability to control her outrage . As Variety pointed out in its review : "  While she 's omnipresent , this is not the Sabina Guzzanti show ; the helmer knows she does n't need to constantly register her outrage for it to come across . " Grace Wong and CNN 's Neil Curry contributed to this report .	Documentary screened at Cannes takes aim at Italian leader Silvio Berlusconi The film , "  Draquila , " takes issue with the way the prime minister handled the L'Aquila earthquake Italian Culture Minister boycotted Cannes because of the film , which he called "  propaganda " Filmmaker Sabina Guzzanti : "  The idea was this : Explain Italy through L'Aquila "
CNN  -- South Africa declared national days of mourning Saturday to honor Albertina Sisulu , an icon of the anti-apartheid movement who died this week . Sisulu was 92 . The president said flags would fly at half-mast and mourning would last until her burial , which will take place with military honors . Funeral plans for Sisulu , who died Thursday , have not been finalized . Sisulu was married to anti-apartheid leader Walter Sisulu for nearly 60 years . The couple played a pivotal role in the anti-apartheid movement , and her husband was imprisoned for decades with former South African President Nelson Mandela . Affectionately called "  Ma Sisulu , " she was also detained numerous times and was held in solitary confinement for seven weeks in 1963 , the ruling African National Congress said . As soon as she was free , she took to the streets to rally against the trials of anti-apartheid movement leaders . "  Soon after her husband was sentenced to life imprisonment in 1964 , Albertina was served with a harsh five-year order prohibiting her from attending any gatherings of more than two persons , confining her to her location and preventing her from any political activities , " the ruling party said . Years later , she faced various bans , including one confining her to her home at nights , weekends and public holidays . Despite the bans , she continued with her quest for liberation . "  Although politics has given me a rough life , there is absolutely nothing I regret about what I have done and what has happened to me and my family , " she said , according to the ruling party . "  Instead , I have been strengthened and feel more of a woman than I would otherwise have felt if my life was different . " Sisulu and her husband dedicated their lives to the struggle for freedom in South Africa , and endured banishment , detention and humiliation , said President Jacob Zuma . "  Mama Sisulu has over the decades been a pillar of strength not only for the Sisulu family , but also the entire liberation movement as she reared , counseled , nursed and educated most of the leaders and founders of the democratic South Africa , " Zuma said . The president said the nation has lost a leader and a role model . Sisulu founded the Federation of South African Women and other civic groups . She gave political guidance and served as a mother figure to activists and other civic organizations , the African National Congress said . "  South Africa remains eternally grateful and indebted to this stalwart of the liberation and an assuming leader of all races of our people , " Zuma said in a statement . Sisulu is survived by her children and grandchildren . Her husband died in 2003 .	Albertina Sisulu and her husband played a pivotal role in the fight to end apartheid President Jacob Zuma declares days of national mourning He says flags would fly at half-mast until the day of burial
Tribune Media Services  -- I 'm lost ! For American Girl book fans , the "  Happy New Year , Julie " story is an ideal gift for holiday road trips . Hopelessly , completely lost on a winding , backcountry road somewhere in Westchester County , N.Y. . Did I mention it was night and pitch-black ? "  How could you do this ? " asks my aggravated 16-year-old daughter , Mel . I 'm not even sure . One minute we 're on the highway and a couple of wrong turns later , here we are . None of the maps in the car showed the road we were on . Finally , we spot some open shops and a kind saleswoman in the Gap gave me directions . Guess what I want somebody to give me this holiday ? A portable GPS !  Are you listening , elves ?  L.L. Bean  www.llbean.com  has some that are under $ 100 , TomTom  www.tomtom.com  , has some for under $ 250 . A GPS would be a welcome gift for any traveling family . It 's no fun getting lost , whether close to home or on vacation in an unfamiliar city or country . Of course , my favorite gift of all would be a trip . Give those you love most the gift of an adventure together someplace new , or someplace that holds special memories , whether you are celebrating a special anniversary , birthday or simply a good year . Outfitters , cruise lines and resorts will help you arrange a custom itinerary -- and give you a good "  reunion " deal too . Just make sure you get everyone on board with the idea before you fork over your credit card for those nonrefundable deposits . Give the adults different guidebooks about the region and if you are planning a trip to foreign shores , give each of the kids some Euros , Pesos , etc. , to spend when they get there . They 'll have fun and maybe hone a few math skills figuring out how much they 've really got to spend . Maybe you want to encourage your kids ' or grandkids ' interest in exploring the world beyond their community . Buy them a subscription to National Geographic Kids  www.shopng.org  and for preschoolers , National Geographic Little Kids  subscriptions are just $ 15 a year . Those planning road trips or plane trips with their children will thank you every time they travel , if you slip a portable DVD player under the tree or next to the Hanukkah Menorah . Disney  www.disneyshopping.com  has a new one that 's compact and has twin 7-inch LCD screens and two sets of headphones . It sells for $ 179.99 . Of course , you 'll need a couple of new DVDs to watch . How about encouraging the young chefs in the gang with Pixar 's "  Ratatouille , " or spark your little pirate 's sense of adventure with "  Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End . " If you 're planning a holiday trip , bring along your favorite holiday movie . Books on tape are also a great bet for families who prefer the road to the skies . The story can become a shared experience because everyone , including the driver , can listen at the same time , assuming you can get the older kids to turn off their iPods . There are plenty of holiday stories , like "  A Christmas Carol " performed by Jim Dale , who read the Harry Potter books so well , John Grisham 's "  Skipping Christmas "  www.randomhouse.com/audio  read by Dennis Boutsikaris or Fannie Flagg reading her book "  A Redbird Christmas , " which I just listened to on a long drive in Colorado . Also check out Brilliance Audio  www.brillianceaudio.com  for other titles like Adam Canfield 's "  Watch Your Back " about the adventures -- and misadventures of an intrepid middle-school reporter . Good old-fashioned books , of course , are great gifts too , especially if you can find one that relates to an experience you 've shared on vacation or to a place you plan to visit . Ask your local children 's librarian for suggestions . Maybe you 've taken the kids to Cirque de Soleil or the Big Apple Circus , if so check out "  The Painted Circus "  www.kidscanpress.com  , which features beautiful illustrations that play tricks on the eye -- great to read together on a plane or at a relative 's house . If you 've been to San Francisco , buy your American Girl book fans  www.americangirl.com  the "  Happy New Year , Julie " story about a girl growing up around San Francisco in the 1970s who celebrates the Chinese New Year with her best friend . An added plus : It will be fun for moms to share what their lives were like "  back in the old days " through these historically accurate tales . I also like the Mini Mysteries from American Girl . No one should travel these days without a camera in his or her pocket -- to capture all those funny moments that do n't always end up in the family scrapbook . Even better , the kids can take charge of creating family vacation Web pages . The experts at Take Great Pictures  www.TakeGreatPictures.com  suggest the Olympus Stylus 770 SW  $ 379.95  because it is shockproof , waterproof , crushproof and only weights 5.5 ounces . For teens , check out the Casio EX-S880  $ 249.95  , which comes in bright colors and is about the size of a credit card . The Casio EX also features a YouTube Capture mode so they can upload videos to the Web . The experts suggest the Pentax Optio E40  under $ 150  for kids as young as six . No one , including kids , should travel without a lightweight , rolling duffel . Lands End  www.landsend.com  or L.L. Bean  www.llbean.com  offer them in a variety of colors and while you 're at it , order a monogrammed fleece blanket for each child for those interminable car trips . I 'm also a fan of fleece jackets and vests for travel because they 're lightweight and dry quickly . You can find them everywhere , even for young kids .  Check out the selection at Patagonia  www.patagonia.com  . Happy shopping . E-mail to a friend For more Taking the Kids , visit www.takingthekids.com , where Eileen Ogintz welcomes your questions and comments . Copyright 2009 EILEEN OGINTZ , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	A portable GPS is a useful gift for traveling families A subscription to National Geographic Kids exposes kids to the world No one , including kids , should travel without a lightweight , rolling duffel
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel completed a successful test flight of its Arrow 3 interceptor system on Monday , the Ministry of Defense said in a statement . The system is designed to defend against medium-range missiles that could be fired from countries such as Iran . "  The successful test is a major milestone in the development of the Arrow 3 Weapon System and provides further confidence in future Israeli defense capabilities to defeat the developing ballistic missile threat , " the statement said . The test of the joint American and Israeli weapon system was held over the Mediterranean Sea on Monday morning . Israel and the United States have been jointly developing the multi-billion dollar Arrow missile defense system since 1986 . The goal is to provide Israel with a defense for medium range missiles fired toward it from the region .	Israel declares test a "  major milestone " in development of anti-missile system Arrow could protect Israel from medium range missiles fired from countries like Iran The United States and Israel are jointly developing the system .
Iranian centrist candidate Hassan Rouhani won the Islamic republic 's presidential election Saturday after campaigning on a "  hope and prudence " platform in which he appealed to traditional conservatives and reform-minded voters alike . Rouhani spoke of reforms without threatening Iran 's supreme leader or its institutions , of which he is a product . The former national security council chief promised an environment with greater personal freedoms and even indicated he would free political prisoners and jailed journalists . In his campaigning , Rouhani also pledged to improve the economy and unemployment , and as a former nuclear negotiator , he said he would reduce the high tension between Iran and the outside world by addressing sanctions related to Iran 's nuclear program . Young and old Iranians continued their celebration of his victory as Saturday became the early minutes of Sunday . They honked horns and flashed victory signs with their fingers . In a message through the semiofficial Fars News Agency , the 65-year-old Rouhani thanked God "  that once again the sun of rationality and moderation is shining over Iran again to send the voice of unity and cohesion of this nation to the world . " He cited "  all moderates , all reformists , and all principlists . " "  This victory is the victory of wisdom , moderation , growth and awareness , the victory of commitment and religiosity over extremism and ill tempers , " Rouhani said . In a sign of how the West is interested in how much change Rouhani could bring to Iran , the British Foreign Office immediately called upon Rouhani to set a new course for the country . "  We call on him to use the opportunity to set Iran on a different course for the future : addressing international concerns about Iran 's nuclear program , taking forward a constructive relationship with the international community , and improving the political and human rights situation for the people of Iran , " a Foreign Office spokesman said . The administration of President Barack Obama hopes "  the Iranian government will heed the will of the Iranian people and make responsible choices that create a better future for all Iranians , " a White House spokesman said . "  The United States remains ready to engage the Iranian government directly in order to reach a diplomatic solution that will fully address the international community 's concerns about Iran 's nuclear program , " the press secretary 's statement added . While the White House respected the vote , it charged that the election occurred "  against the backdrop of a lack of transparency , censorship of the media , Internet , and text messages , and an intimidating security environment that limited freedom of expression and assembly . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon offered his congratulations and called on Iran to take a "  constructive role in regional and international affairs . " In Syria , an opposition coalition in that country 's two-year civil war said it hoped Rouhani would end Iran 's support of President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . "  With its continued support for Assad , Iran has used all political , military , and economic means to block Syrians from achieving democracy and freedom , " the Syrian Coalition said in a statement from Istanbul , Turkey . "  The Syrian Coalition also hopes that Iran recognizes the Syrian people 's plight for free elections , rights and freedoms and that it halts all support to the oppressive Assad regime , " the group said . Opinion : Will Rouhani alter Iran 's policy on Syria ? High turnout reported Iranian officials reported a high turnout , with nearly 73 % of some 50 million registered voters -- men and women , young and old -- turning out , Interior Minister Mostafa Mohammad-Najjar announced Saturday . The lines extended into the streets at times Friday , as voters waited to pick their choice to succeed two-term President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the country 's 11th presidential election . Rouhani takes Ahmadinejad 's mantle as one of the country 's most visible figures , at a time when it is dealing with painful economic sanctions tied to international concern about its nuclear program . But he wo n't be Iran 's most powerful man . That distinction belongs to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who has been Iran 's supreme leader since 1989 . He 's got plenty of backing , from conservative citizens to loyalist militia groups to , most notably , the Revolutionary Guard . Rouhani has all-round credentials in Iran 's institutions that include senior cleric , former commander of Iranian air defenses and is an intellectual with three law degrees , including from a university in Scotland . He has a reputation for shunning extreme positions and bridging differences . While he has represented Khamenei on Iran 's security council since 1989 , he has avoided being perceived as a pushover and has taken exception with the supreme leader on being too rigid toward the international community , according to an Iranian scholar at Stanford University . Rouhani has accused state-run media of censorship and publishing lies . Ahmadinejad congratulated Rouhani . "  I have always deeply believed in the vast and endless capacities of the Iranian nation for development and greatness , " Ahmadinejad said . "  I believe that all peaks of glory can be conquered by believing and trusting in the Iranian nation and by respecting different interests and tastes . " On the streets of Tehran , one celebrating group of two young men and two young women said that if Rouhani does what he promised , they would be "  very happy " with him . The other candidates were two-term Tehran Mayor Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf , Saeed Jalili , Mohsen Rezaei , Ali-Akbar Velayati and Mohammad Gharazi . Velayati , Ghalibaf and Jalili , who is Iran 's chief nuclear negotiator , are considered close to Khamenei and would have been unlikely to challenge his authority . Of the three , Jalili had enjoyed the most popular support going into the vote . Results showed that Rouhani secured 18.6 million votes -- or 50.7 % of the 36,704,156 votes tallied . Second was Ghalibaf , with 6.1 million votes , and third was Jalili , with nearly 4.2 million votes . Moments after Rouhani was declared the winner , supporters started filling the area near Tehran 's Haft-e-Tir Square , waving the campaign 's purple flags , a witness told CNN . Motorists honked , and pedestrians held their fingers high with the V sign . Earlier , British Prime Minister David Cameron told CNN 's Richard Quest that the international community "  will have to deal with whatever the situation is . " "  We have to remember this is always only an election between a restricted number of candidates , it 's not democracy as we know it , " he said . "  We have a very clear message to the Iranian government , which is that there is an option that gets Iran back into the international community , back into the family of nations . But it 's got to be proper cooperation on this nuclear dossier , where so little progress frankly has been made . Otherwise , we will continue with the sanctions . " Powerful support It was Iran 's Guardian Council , an unelected body made up of six clerics and six lawyers operating under the oversight of the supreme leader , that drew up the restricted list of candidates from the 680 who initially registered . Eight candidates were approved , two of whom subsequently dropped out . The final six contenders did n't include any women . Nor did they include Ahmadinejad 's aide and protege Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei , who was among those excluded by the Guardian Council . Rouhani had the backing of the highly influential former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and appears to have won over parts of Iran 's subdued reform movement . The 65-year-old cleric 's campaign began to gather steam last month , when he dared to accuse the state media of censorship and lies during a live interview on state TV , and then criticized the government 's tight grip on security at a televised rally a few days later . Despite his growing popularity among opposition circles , Rouhani has long been a part of Iran 's ruling establishment . The only cleric among the candidates , he has close ties to Khamenei and served in Iran 's parliament for two decades . He was also Iran 's lead nuclear negotiator from 2003 to 2005 and holds seats on several powerful decision-making bodies . Hours into the voting Friday , Rouhani complained of a voting irregularity . A reform candidate , Mohammed Aref , who dropped out of the race earlier in the week , was still on some ballots . Rouhani was worried that voters might mistakenly select Aref , which would amount to a vote thrown away . It was not clear how many ballot papers were concerned . CNN 's view on the streets of Tehran CNN 's Erin Burnett on 2013 vs. 2009 elections 2009 chaos Four years ago , when allegations of election fraud sparked widespread protests , Iran 's police and the Basij , a feared paramilitary group , cracked down on the opposition Green Movement . Protesters were jailed , and human rights groups alleged many were tortured and killed behind bars while the government quashed the uprising . Reform politicians representing the movement , including Ahmadinejad 's election rival , former Prime Minister Mir Hossein Moussavi , have been under house arrest since 2011 . Despite the unrest , Ahmadinejad 's re-election was formally certified by the clerical establishment .	U.N. 's Ban Ki-moon calls on Iran to take a "  constructive role " in the region Rouhani cites "  the victory of commitment and religiosity over extremism and ill tempers " Hassan Rouhani appealed to traditional conservatives and reform-minded youths British Foreign Office spokesman asks winner to set "  a different course " for Iran
New Delhi  CNN  Police in India 's farthest northeastern state of Nagaland have arrested 43 people in connection with the killing of a jail inmate accused of rape . The suspects are being questioned over a range of offenses , including arson , rioting , attempted murder and murder , said L.L. Doungal , the police chief of Nagaland , where the attack occurred Thursday evening . They 're alleged to be among a crowd of thousands of people who stormed a jail in the Dimapur district , and dragged out the suspected rapist before beating him to death in the street . The 35-year-old victim had been accused of raping a local woman last month . "  There were thousands of them . Many of them were students in uniform , " Doungal said when news of the attack first emerged . The dead man was initially identified as an undocumented Bangladeshi settler , but now police say they still are determining his nationality . "  I am not ruling out that he 's not a Bangladeshi . I am also not denying that he is not an Indian . We are verifying his nationality , " said G. Akheto Sema , an additional director-general of Nagaland 's police , when asked about local reports suggesting the attacked man was an Indian citizen . Dimapur town remains under a curfew , Sema said , amid growing tensions between native Nagas and Bangladeshi migrants in the district . Thousands of protesters demanding the cancellation of trade permits for Bengali-speaking settlers tore into the prison complex Thursday and pulled out the suspect , Doungal said . Police initially used teargas and bamboo canes to rescue the man , but it did n't work , he said . "  There were students in uniform . So , we had to use minimum force , " Doungal added . Later , police opened fire , but it was too late to save the suspect . Protesters had planned a public hanging , but the suspect died from injuries in the attack , according to authorities . "  We retrieved his body before it could be hung , " Doungal said . With English as its official language , Nagaland is located in the extreme northeastern end of India , along the border with Myanmar . Home to about two million people , the state is spread over 16,500 square kilometers , with a relatively high literacy rate of 67 % , compared with other densely populated parts of India . Ethnic tensions are rife in Nagaland and other provinces of the impoverished northeast region . Some local groups want greater autonomy , and there 's general discontent over the alleged neglect of the region by successive central governments . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report	43 people arrested over public beating of rape suspect in India A crowd broke into the prison before dragging the 35-year-old suspect into the street He was accused of raping a local woman last month
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two Americans -- one a Green Beret -- were killed Monday when an assailant wearing an Afghan National Security Forces uniform opened fire on the group , U.S. and NATO 's International Security Assistance Force officials said . The shootout in eastern Afghanistan did n't last long , as coalition forces "  returned fire and killed the attacker , " a U.S. official told CNN . Two Afghan army personnel also were killed , said Gen. Zahir Azimi , an Afghan Defense Ministry spokesman . A U.S. military official told CNN that at least 10 Americans were wounded as well . The assailant fired at the victims with a truck-mounted machine gun , Azimi said , after a meeting between coalition and Afghan forces at a military base in the Jalrez district of Wardak province , about an hour west of Kabul . Green Berets and Afghan forces are based there , a U.S. official said . A spokesman for the Taliban , the militant group that once ruled Afghanistan , said the shooter was an Afghan police officer , but it 's unclear if that was the case . A U.S. official said a variety of Afghan security forces -- including army , national police and perhaps local police -- were at a training-related meeting . The incident appeared to be the latest "  green-on-blue " attack , or strike against coalition members by people dressed in police or army uniforms . Assailants conducting similar subterfuge killed dozens of coalition troops in 2012 . On Friday , a coalition contractor in eastern Afghanistan was killed when people wearing Afghan uniforms turned their weapons against ISAF members , NATO said . The last coalition soldier killed in a "  green-on-blue " attack was a Briton , who was slain on January 7 . And in the last similar fatal assault on U.S. troops , two Americans were killed October 25 . The coalition has been working to thwart such insider attacks . Coalition soldiers are required to have a loaded weapon within reach at all times . In addition , the coalition ended training for hundreds of Afghan soldiers last year until the completion of background checks for insurgent links . Most of the insider attacks are believed to be the result of Afghan soldiers suffering from combat or emotional stress , a Defense Department official told CNN in September after an especially deadly weekend for coalition troops . Only about 15 % of the "  green-on-blue " attacks are believed to be the result of insurgent links , and about 10 % come from infiltrators not affiliated with the military , the Defense Department official said . The latest attack comes a day after Afghan President Hamid Karzai outraged the ISAF commander by contending there are "  ongoing daily talks between Taliban , American and foreigners in Europe and in the Gulf states " and "  that Taliban want longer presence of foreigners -- not their departure from Afghanistan . " U.S. Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford , who oversees the NATO-led force , said that 's "  categorically false . " "  We have fought too hard over the past 12 years . We have shed too much blood over the past 12 years . We have done too much to help the Afghan Security Forces grow over the last 12 years to ever think that violence or instability would be to our advantage , " Dunford said . Newly installed U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel visited Afghanistan this weekend on his first overseas trip since his confirmation . Hagel told reporters he tried to reassure Karzai that the United States has no unilateral back-channel talks with the Taliban . Hagel , Karzai meet after strained Afghan weekend "  Secretary Hagel addressed these questions directly with President Karzai in their meeting , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday . "  The last thing we would do is support any kind of violence , particularly involving innocent civilians . " Carney noted that the United States and its coalition allies are staying the course with their stated policy to end the war that began in 2001 "  because we were attacked from Afghanistan . " "  We 've drawn down the surge forces and we 're winding down our troop presence in Afghanistan , as we build up Afghan security forces and turn over security lead to Afghan security forces . And that progress continues , " he said . Afghan police officer embraces suicide bomber to save others U.S. general : No dangerous detainees to be released to Afghan custody Journalist Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul ; CNN 's Barbara Starr , Matt Smith , Wesley Bruer and Lindsey Knight contributed to this report , and Mark Morgenstein wrote it from Atlanta .	A Green Beret is one of two Americans killed in Afghanistan , a U.S. official says Two Afghans also are killed ; 10 more Americans are wounded , coalition officials say The assailant is dead , a U.S. official says It was first fatal "  green-on-blue " attack on coalition troops in two months
CNN  -- High winds and heavy seas capsized a boat filled with African migrants heading for Europe off the coast of Libya Monday -- with more than 200 feared dead , the International Organization for Migration in Geneva , Switzerland , said Tuesday . A group of 227 migrants sits on a fishing vessel in Malta last month after arriving from Somalia . Jemini Pandya , IOM spokeswoman , said a boat carrying 250 people capsized north of the Libyan coast , with at least 20 confirmed dead and 23 rescued . Another boat with around 350 migrants was rescued . She said the rescued migrants were taken to two centers in the Libyan city of Tripoli . They included Egyptians , Somalis , Ghanians , Nigerians , Tunisians , Eritreans , Algerians , and Moroccans . There were also passengers from Asia -- Bangladeshis , Syrians , Indians , and Pakistanis , she said . She said there may be two other vessels in the Mediterranean carrying migrants . The initial reports that two vessels capsized proved to be incorrect , Pandya said . Watch as migrants are feared drowned " The vessels departed Sunday and were heading to southern Europe , Egypt 's Middle East News Agency reported Monday . The migrants were believed to be headed for the Italian island of Lampedusa , where 37,000 landed last year , according to IOM spokesman Jean-Philippe Chauzy , who said many African migrants converge on Libya en route to Europe . Italian coast guards said an Italian tugboat working for an offshore oil companies in the Libyan seas picked up 350 people on Sunday and carried them to Libya with the help of the Italian military . The U.N. refugee agency , aware of the reports , said they came at the "  beginning of the smuggling season in the Mediterranean . " The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said details remain sketchy about what happened , but one boat among several vessels leaving Libya for Italy went down and hundreds are reported missing . It said the mishap occurred near the Libyan coast . It said some Egyptian nationals were rescued and bodies were recovered and that those aboard included Africans from the northern and the sub-Saharan regions . High Commissioner Antonio Guterres on Tuesday said that the tragedy reflects the desperation of people to escape poverty and persecution . "  This tragic incident illustrates , once again , the dangers faced by people caught in mixed irregular movements of migrants and refugees in the Mediterranean and elsewhere which every year cost thousands of lives , " the U.N. agency said .	Hundreds feared dead after boat carrying African migrants capsized off Libya Another boat with around 350 migrants was rescued . Migrants were believed to be heading for Italian island of Lampedusa U.N. : Marks "  beginning of the smuggling season in the Mediterranean "
Argentina 's bid to host a Formula One race for the first time in more than a decade is under way after work started on a new circuit outside the capital Buenos Aires . The $ 100 million project is expected to be completed in two stages by the end of 2014 . It is being built by global design firm Populous , which helped redevelop Britain 's Silverstone circuit . "  We are really proud to contribute with our design to create a new destination for F1 , which always means an economic catalyst for the area and produces global exposure , " said the company 's associate principal John Rhodes . "  During the last five years we have developed technology , software , and design techniques through the use of simulation to physically test the design of a circuit . "  These pioneering techniques have enabled the creation of a topographically exciting and challenging medium-speed circuit on what was a relatively square and flat 63-hectare site . " Ground was broken on the Velociudad Speedcity site , situated 80 kilometers from Buenos Aires , on Friday . The first phase of construction , expected to last 14 months , will include a 3.1-kilometer track , pit lane , garages and an off-road track . The second will extend the circuit to 4.7 kilometers in order to qualify for a race licence . Populous , which is also working on a possible F1 project in the Indian city of Mumbai , said the Argentine development would require the movement of one million cubic meters of soil . The Argentine Grand Prix was held from 1953 to 1998 at Buenos Aires ' Autodromo Juan y Oscar Galvez circuit . The last race there was won by Ferrari 's Michael Schumacher , who at that stage had won two of his record seven world titles -- the next would come in 2000 .	Work begins on constructing a new racing circuit in Argentina South American nation last hosted a Formula One event in 1998 New track outside Buenos Aires is expected to be finished by late 2014
CNN  -- With the retirement of Justice John Paul Stevens , the United States Supreme Court loses a judge with an unusual ability to get the big things right by getting the little things right . Justice Stevens will be remembered for his stirring opinions in cases of great national significance . He also should be remembered for his equally compelling commitment to justice in scores of other decisions that received little public notice . In Hamdan v. Rumsfeld in 2006 , Stevens wrote the majority opinion holding that even in the face of real threats of terror , the president must follow the law . The court declared that the Constitution reached into a military detention facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and offered the protection of the rule of law to the man who served as the driver for Osama bin Laden . For Stevens , no person was above the law , and no person was below the law . Stevens ' passion for this ideal drew support from his experience as a clerk to Supreme Court Justice Wiley Rutledge . In 1946 , the Supreme Court upheld the summary trial and the death sentence meted out by an American military tribunal to accused Japanese war criminal Tomoyuki Yamashita . Dissenting , Rutledge affirmed the importance of providing "  due process of law " to all people , "  whether citizens , aliens , alien enemies or enemy belligerents . " In Hamdan , Stevens finally vindicated that principle 60 years later . For Stevens , that dedication to ensuring justice in all cases constituted the defining characteristic of a judge . In the 2000 presidential election decision , Bush v. Gore , Stevens penned a stinging dissent , castigating the majority for undermining the "  Nation 's confidence in the judge as an impartial guardian of the rule of law . " Stevens ' commitment to the rule of law transcended partisan boundaries . In 1997 , he spoke for the Court in Clinton v. Jones , finding that the Constitution did not shield President Clinton with immunity from civil suits . First appointed to the bench by President Nixon and then elevated to the high court by President Ford , Stevens was a Republican from a different era . His rulings fell out of favor with the ideology of that party . However , Stevens always remained a small-R republican . He detested the idea of a monarch who stood outside of the law . He often cited the English maxim , "  The King can do no wrong , " to emphasize the foreignness of that concept of immunity in our republican form of government . Cases involving presidents are important , but rare . Stevens insisted on promoting the rule of law in all cases . When I think about Stevens , I think not only of Bush and Gore , of Clinton and Rumsfeld , but also of Vladimir Zatko and Jerome Hiersche . It is a bedrock principle of the American legal system that lack of wealth should not translate into a denial of justice . Accordingly , courts do not charge filing fees to those who can not afford to pay . In the early 1990s , however , the Supreme Court deviated from that practice by barring access to people it deemed frequent filers of frivolous actions . The court refused to waive the fees for these litigants despite their poverty . When the court invoked the rule to bar access to one Vladimir Zatko , Stevens dissented . His opinion criticized the court for undermining its commitment to offering "  equal access to justice for both the rich and the poor . " The court continues to invoke the rule up to this day , and Stevens continues to dissent . And then there is the tragic case of Jerome Hiersche . The United States government hired Hiersche , a professional diver , to inspect a dam on the Columbia River . Government employees assured Hiersche that the water flow system would be shut off , but it was not . Hiersche 's head was pulled into an opening in the system , and he was killed . The government denied all liability , citing language in a Supreme Court case interpreting an obscure provision of a 1928 statute . Stevens wrote separately to decry this result , imploring Congress to remedy the situation . He declared that "  this obsolete legislative remnant is nothing more than an engine of injustice . " In his lexicon , there was no stronger rebuke . The rule of law requires standing up to presidents , but it also demands standing up for the notorious and the nameless , the Hamdans and the Yamashitas , the Zatkos and the Hiersches . When one develops a habit of promoting justice in the obscure cases , the courage to demand justice in the notable cases follows . Justice Stevens pursued justice in all cases , great and small . The rule of law has lost an important champion on our nation 's highest court . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Schapiro .	Justice Stevens stood firmly for the rule of law , his former law clerk says Robert Schapiro says Stevens held presidents to account , said they were not above the law Stevens believed everyone , regardless of means , should have access to courts , he says Schapiro : The law requires standing up to presidents and standing up for the nameless
Monson , California  CNN  -- In California , water flows uphill toward money and power . That 's a well-known maxim out here , especially in the Dust-Bowl-ready Central Valley -- that forgotten stretch of California that grows 40 % of U.S. fruits , nuts and other table foods . Meet a few people and it 's easy to see why . There 's Joel Sampedro , 56 , whose garden hose started spitting out sand , not water , about this time last year ; or Simona MagaÃ ± a , a 70-year-old former farm worker who stores water in buckets in the back of a rusty yellow pickup truck because her well is busted and there 's no reliable public system for her to hook up to ; she uses that nonpotable water to wash dishes , take showers and "  flush " the toilet ; or Eunice Martinez , 48 , who , like many here , makes a distinction between "  water , " which is the stuff that comes from her tap , and which is usually too polluted to drink , and "  drinking water , " which is the stuff she buys in plastic bottles . "  We 're in the United States of America . We should be able to turn on that water and drink out of it , " Martinez told me , standing by her kitchen sink , which has a five-gallon water jug next to it for cooking . "  We ca n't ... It 's discriminatory , racist . " This is the invisible California -- the "  other California . " A place of pickup trucks and pesticides . More West Texas than West Hollywood . It 's the same California John Steinbeck chronicled in "  The Grapes of Wrath , " the epic book about "  Okies " who left the Great Plains during the Dust Bowl and fled to farms here . Some of them are still around . On Tuesday , I went to the town of Tooleville  nickname : "  Little Okie "  ; and the unincorporated town of Monson . There , I met Clarence Harms , whose family came to this supposed promised land from Kansas and Oklahoma when the dust storms made life back there unbearable . And it 's the California that 's going to be the subject of my next project in the Change the List series . I 'm fascinated by this forgotten valley and a major river , the San Joaquin , that cuts through it . The advocacy group American Rivers recently named the San Joaquin the "  most endangered " river in the country . To figure out why , I 'm setting off on a three-week journey to try to kayak and walk along its path . I 'm doing so because I want to understand the river and the people who depend on it -- beyond the screaming headlines about drought-year California politics . I want to get to know this river , at a river 's pace , on a river 's terms . I started the journey on Tuesday by going on a tour of the Central Valley with the Community Water Center in Visalia , California . I did that because I wanted to understand how and why water matters to people here . I found out it 's everything . Yet there 's not nearly enough to go around . Wells are going dry . Those who do have water have to deal with pollution from nitrate , which is linked to blue baby syndrome , kidney disease and other maladies . Some blame farmers for slurping up groundwater with virtually no regulatory oversight from the state . Farm advocates say there 's not enough river water for them , in part because of regulations to protect rare fish . They say they 're pulling groundwater to survive , too . I 'm going to withhold judgment for now , but I plan to wade deeper into these and many other environmental and social issues on my trip down the San Joaquin . The adventure down the river starts for real on Wednesday . I 'm going to hike up to the untouched headwaters , high in the Sierra Nevada . I 'm hoping to end beneath the Golden Gate Bridge in early July . That 's assuming I do n't get lost or die of heat exhaustion . You can follow the journey on Twitter , Instagram and Facebook . Or , to make it easier , there 's a page on CNN.com that will collect all that stuff for you . I 'll be using the hashtag #endangeredriver . I could ramble on about my plans , but you 'll get to hear all about them in the coming weeks . For now , let me leave you with this : Water is such a deeply personal topic out here in California that Marcelina Sampedro , the wife of the man whose hose started sputtering sand , told me she has two recurring dreams about it . Both are about a river , but they 're slightly different . Version1 : The water is clean and pure . Someone is struggling to swim , but Sampedro is able to grab this anonymous person and pull him or her out to safety . Version2 : The river is polluted , which makes it not unlike the water that comes out of her tap . She and her husband use a $ 900 water filter/robot  it looks like a miniature version of Eve from WALL-E  to remove the nitrates from the water that comes out of their sink . They both work on fruit orchards , picking crops in the 100-degree heat , paid by the weight , and making about $ 26,000 , together , per year . In that second dream , again , the person in the river is drowning . She tries to help but ca n't . The unnamed figure drowns . She wakes up to a life where she and her husband would have no water at home if it were n't for the generosity of Clarence , their neighbor , who gives them water from his well . They 're all worried his well could go dry , too . There are potential fixes for all this , and state programs that are trying to bring safe water to more people in the Central Valley and elsewhere . But there 's just not enough water to go around . So water continues to flow uphill . Toward money and power . That 's the history . And , if more 's not done , it 's looking like the future .	John Sutter is starting a project on California 's San Joaquin River and watershed He is going to try to walk and kayak down the river American Rivers named the San Joaquin the "  most endangered " U.S. river It starts in the Sierra Nevada and flows into the San Francisco Bay
Pope John Paul II called Wadowice , the small Polish town in which he was born , "  the place where it all began . " During a visit here in his final years , the popular pontiff delighted a huge crowd with anecdotes about chowing down kremowki , the local cream pastries which he reportedly once ate 13 of in a failed attempt to win a wager . The Pope , born Karol Wojtyla in 1920 , lived in Wadowice , about 50 kilometers  30 miles  down the road from Krakow , until he was 18 . Unsurprisingly , the town is proud of its most famous son . When he was declared a saint earlier this year , an estimated 10,000 cheering residents and pilgrims filled the town 's streets , releasing balloons in the white and yellow colors of the Vatican . Wadowice now claims three saints -- Father Rafal Kalinowski was canonized in 1991 and Jozef Bilczewski in 2005 -- but John Paul II 's enduring popularity will ensure visitors are likely to descend for decades to come . "  Each year , hundreds of thousands of pilgrims and tourists come to Wadowice , and the main reason for that is John Paul II , " says Stanislaw Kotarba , a local government official . "  We expect even more visitors following the recent canonization , as more people hear of the pope 's legacy . " To greet them , the town has created a 4.5-kilometer "  Karol Wojtyla foot trail " connecting sites of interest to pilgrims . There are also plenty of non-papal attractions along the way . Here 's what 's on offer : John Paul II 's family home The apartment building where Wojtyla was born and lived with his family before World War II has been open to the public as a museum since 1984 . The rooms in which he lived have been preserved as they once were , while the rest of the building was expanded in a three-year renovation in time for April 2014 's canonization . It currently features a trove of John Paul II memorabilia , such as original school documents and childhood items . Family home  link in Polish  , 7 Koscielna St. ; +48 33 823 35 55 Municipal Museum/former creamery This 19th-century building once housed a diner where , after the death of Wojtyla 's mother , his father regularly took him . Nowadays it 's a tourist info office and a town museum with exhibitions on local history and -- let 's face it , he 's the star attraction -- John Paul II 's Wadowice experience . There 's a good coffee and gift shop in the cellar Municipal Museum , 4 Koscielna St. ; +48 33 873 81 00 Minor Basilica In this elaborate baroque church from the 18th century , the future pope was baptized , received First Communion and served as an altar boy . Its ornate interior features Wojtyla 's baptismal font and a picture of Our Mother of Perpetual Help , which he used to pray before . Just in case anyone 's forgotten why they 're visiting , a statue of John Paul II greets visitors at the entrance . Minor Basilica , 1 Jana Pawla II Place ; +48 33 873 20 96 Town Hall/former General School for Men This functional building is probably just for die hard pope enthusiasts or fans of municipal politics . It 's the current seat of the mayor and town council , but it once housed the General School for Men , which Wojtyla attended from 1926 to 1930 . Town Hall , 23 Jana Pawla II Place , 23 ; +48 33 873 18 11 Marcin Wadowita Secondary School Another spartan building on an otherwise charming street , this is where Wojtyla attended middle school between 1930 and 1938 . The present-day high school is named after another religious figure , Wadowice 's first renowned resident , Marcin Wadowita , a Polish priest , theologian and academic born in 1567 . Marcin Wadowita School , 16 Mickiewicza St. ; +48 33 823 41 44 Church of St. Peter the Apostle A futuristic , airy counterpoint to the intense opulence of the Basilica , this stylish church was built to honor Wojtyla 's election to the papacy and his survival of a 1981 assassination attempt in the Vatican 's St. Peter 's Square . John Paul II got to see the church 's space age interior for himself when he dropped in to consecrate it during his second papal visit to Wadowice . Church of St. Peter the Apostle , 90 Matki Bozej Fatimskiej Ave. ; +48 33 823 28 88 The Cultural Center/former building of the ` Sokol ' Society Hard though it is to imagine a pope flying through the air , in his formative years Wojtyla was a regular at "  Sokol , " a patriotic Polish gymnastic society that hosted cultural and sporting events . The future pope took part in physical education classes and theater plays in what would later be rebuilt as a cultural center featuring a 3D cinema . The Cultural Center , 1 Teatralna ; +48 33 823 31 56 Market Square The recently renovated town square features numerous restaurants , beer gardens and cafes selling the cream cakes John Paul II vividly recalled . Prior to that , few people outside Wadowice knew about kremowki and there was only one baker who made them . Since the pope 's mention , however , many bakeries have opened to keep up with the huge demand . The original is long gone , replaced by new ventures . Despite modern decor and free Wi-Fi , Galicjanka is a bakery , confectionery and coffee shop with baking traditions that go back several generations . Kawiarnia Galicja is an elegant spot next door to the pope 's family house -- it features a secluded patio garden . Galicjanka , 13 Jana Pawla II Place ; +48 33 488 01 02 Kawiarnia Galicja , 5 Koscielna St. ; +48 33 823 34 20 Peak of John Paul II  Gron Jana Pawla II It takes serious exercise to work off those cream cakes . During his school days , the future pope liked to hike in Wadowice 's surrounding Beskidy  sometimes spelled Beskid  Mountains , which includes an 890-meter peak , then known as Jaworzyna . The mountain has been renamed in John Paul II 's honor and a chapel is located on the summit . There 's lodging and dining available at the nearby Leskowiec hostel , in operation since 1932 . Leskowiec hostel , 34-206 Krzeszow ; +48 872 16 94 0 33	The Pope , born Karol Wojtyla , lived in Wadowice , Poland , until he was 18 Wadowice has created a trail that takes in places frequented by the future pope in his youth Devouring local cream cakes and climbing nearby mountains were among his favorite pastimes
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- As Russia reels from the worst drought in nearly 40 years , Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has announced a temporary ban on grain exports . "  I think it is expedient to temporarily ban exports of grain and grain products from Russia , " Putin said in a government meeting Thursday . Putin spokesman Dmitry Pskov confirmed to CNN that the ban would be from August 15 through December 1 . Russia is the world 's third largest wheat exporter , but is facing the possibility of wheat shortages . The drought has forced the country 's Agriculture Ministry to slash its grain forecast from 90 million tons to between 70 and 75 million tons . Grain prices have been rising everywhere recently , according to the United States Department of Agriculture 's Wheat Year in Review Report for 2008-2009 , the most recent available . Because adverse weather lowered wheat production in 2007-2008 , there was a global price spike that year , the report states . Many wheat-producing countries harvested large amounts of wheat in 2008 , taking advantage of the record-high prices and good weather . After a sharp drop in monthly prices in October 2008 , wheat prices continued rising . The all-wheat season average hit a record-high of $ 6.78 per bushel in the United States in 2009 . The world set a record at 25.1 billion bushels of wheat produced that year . "  U.S. and world wheat prices soared , " the report states . Eventually , the demand for U.S. wheat began exceeding the supply , further contributing to high costs . CNN 's Emily Evans contributed to this report .	The Russian government has banned grain exports until December 1 The drought is the country 's worst in nearly 40 years Russia is the world 's 3rd largest exporter of wheat
CNN  -- The F1 title race may have taken a potentially decisive twist Sunday as Lewis Hamilton took ruthless advantage of the misfortune which befell Mercedes teammate and bitter rival Nico Rosberg to win under the Singapore floodlights and leapfrog him in the standings . Rosberg , who led by a commanding 22 points coming into the 14th round of the championship , was left stranded in the pit lane after failing to move off his second spot on the grid for the formation lap and later retired as the electrical malfunction could not be remedied . Hamilton , who has won two straight races after claiming the Italian Grand Prix earlier this month , has taken a three-point advantage over Rosberg , with five races remaining . He was made to work for his victory by four-time reigning champion Sebastian Vettel , who took the lead after Hamilton pitted for fresh tires in the closing stages , but could not hold off the charging Briton , who eventually won by over 13 seconds . It was his seventh win of the season with Vettel and his Red Bull teammate Daniel Ricciardo completing the podium . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso and his former teammate Felipe Massa , now with Williams , claimed fourth and fifth . Frenchman Jean-Eric Vergne , who is set to be replaced at Toro Rosso by 16-year-old Dutchman Max Verstappen next year , finished sixth , holding off a fast-finishing Mexican Sergio Perez of Force India . Kimi Raikkonen in the second Ferrari , Nico Hulkenberg for Force India and McLaren 's Kevin Magnussen completed the points scoring on the Marina Bay street circuit . Hamilton , who has taken over in the title lead for the first time since May , was delighted by the reversal of fortunes on claiming his 29th career F1 win . "  Things have changed for me absolutely . I looked for a clean weekend and this was it . We always strive to get both cars 1-2 that was our goal , so things still to work on , " he said during the podium presentations . Rosberg also acknowledged that despite the dominance of Mercedes they still had work to do , with the German the victim of misfortune this time . "  Sitting on the grid , seeing everybody go by was a horrible feeling , " he admitted . "  Reliability has again proven a weakness , which is something we must improve on . " They will head to the 15th round at Suzuka , Japan in a fortnight with the momentum now with Hamilton , who is looking to add to his 2008 championship triumph with McLaren . Interactive : Take a tour of Marina Bay circuit	Lewis Hamilton wins Singapore Grand Prix Takes over at top of the F1 standings Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg forced out of race early Sebastian Vettel takes second for Red Bull
New York  CNN  -- South Carolina 's first lady , Jenny Sanford , said Monday that writing her much-anticipated memoir of her husband 's affair was a "  cathartic " and "  cleansing " experience . In an interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " Sanford called "  Staying True " -- which hit bookstores Friday -- "  an honest account of the values I hold dear . " It was her husband Gov. Mark Sanford 's loss of values that she blames on his much-publicized affair with an Argentine woman that was exposed by reporters after he disappeared for several days last summer . Staffers said he was hiking the Appalachian Trail , but he later admitted he was actually visiting his mistress in Argentina . "  It saddens me because I believed in him and a number of people believed in him , " Jenny Sanford said Monday . "  I still believe he was a good person . ... Somewhere along the lines , he got off track , " she said . "  He can get back on track , but it 's too late for the marriage . " Jenny Sanford , who filed for divorce in December , said the divorce could be final as early as the end of this month . She said she found out about the affair in January 2009 when she discovered a letter her husband had written to his mistress . "  It was awful , " she said . "  I literally was in shock . My stomach felt gut-punched . " She said there had been warning signs , but she "  never expected anything like this . " "  I felt in some respects that we had lost something that we would never get back , " even as she initially considered staying with him , she said . "  Nobody takes a 20-year marriage and decides in -LSB- a -RSB- snap minute to throw it away , " she said . "  I came to the decision very prayerfully and carefully over a number of months . " Sanford , 47 , moved out of the governor 's mansion with their four boys in June . She has said through the entire ordeal that her priority is her children . "  The kids are resilient , and we 're back at home settling into a new , normal routine , " she said of her sons , ages 11-17 . "  I feel like they 're going to do great . " Asked whether she knows whether her husband is still seeing the Argentine woman , Jenny Sanford says she does n't know and does n't want to ask . "  I 'm just moving on , " she said . "  I want to stay happy and positive and raise the kids to the best of my ability . "	South Carolina first lady Jenny Sanford appears Monday on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " On Gov. Mark Sanford : "  He can get back on track , but it 's too late for the marriage " Sanford admitted last year that he had an affair with an Argentine woman On finding letter to his mistress : "  I literally was in shock . My stomach felt gut-punched "
Tokyo  CNN  The operator of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant has given up trying to recover a robotic probe after it stopped moving inside one of the reactors . Tokyo Electric Power Company  TEPCO  deployed the remote-controlled robot on Friday inside one of the damaged reactors that had suffered a meltdown following a devastating earthquake and tsunami in 2011 . It was the first time the probe had been used . The robot , set out to collect data on radiation levels and investigate the spread of debris , stalled after moving about 10 meters , according to a statement released by TEPCO . A newly released report and footage from the robot shows that a fallen object had blocked its path and left it stranded . TEPCO decided to cut off the cable connected to the device Sunday as it had already covered two-thirds of the originally planned route . It managed to collect data on radiation levels in 14 of the 18 targeted locations . Four years after the devastating nuclear crisis , the radiation levels inside the three damaged reactors are still extremely high and remain unsafe for people to enter . Decommissioning work is estimated to cost $ 50 billion and will take years to complete . TEPCO called the robotic probe an "  unprecedented " experiment . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo , Japan and Naomi Ng wrote from Hong Kong .	The operator of the Fukushima nuclear plant said it has abandoned a robotic probe inside one of the damaged reactors A report stated that a fallen object has left the robot stranded The robot collected data on radiation levels and investigated the spread of debris
CNN  -- Avoiding the fiscal cliff can be a moment of truth for Congress as an institution . The ability of Congress to reach a deal on its own , rather than relying on tax hikes and spending cuts by default , would be a powerful push back against the loud chorus of critics who for almost a decade have been decrying dysfunction on Capitol Hill . According to a recent Gallup poll , Americans consider legislators to be some of the least trusted professionals in the nation . Car salespeople ranked only slightly lower . This is not the first time that Americans have felt this way . During the early 1960s , Congress was widely derided as a broken branch of government . A bipartisan alliance of Southern Democrats and Republicans used the committee process to bottle up legislation for years . "  The sapless branch , " Sen. Joseph Clark called Congress in an outburst of frustration with his colleagues . But this period of gridlock was followed by a huge burst of legislation that resulted in tax cuts , voting rights , civil rights , Medicare and Medicaid , education policy , a War on Poverty and much more . iReport : How will the ` fiscal cliff ' affect you ? Though it would be far short of a New Deal or Great Society , a budget deal would allow Congress to prove that the critics are off . Most important , Congress could show that it can make unpopular decisions with little or no political payoff . The thing about this budget deal is that nobody would be happy with the outcome . If Democrats win , they walk away by raising some people 's taxes . If Republicans win , they will cut deep into the spending of programs that are enormously popular throughout large parts of the electorate . The willingness of representatives and senators to take unpopular action is the best sign that the institution can fix national problems and not simply reward constituents . A budget deal could also show that bipartisanship is not impossible in our current era of polarization . The inability to achieve bipartisan legislation has been one of the biggest failings of Congress . When there has been bipartisan agreement in recent years on domestic policy , it has usually meant that two or three people come on board from the other side of the aisle . The era when Republican Senate Minority Leader Everett Dirksen could bring over 20 or more colleagues for legislation proposed by a Democratic president , back in the 1960s , seems long gone . The virtue of bipartisan deals is that they create bills that are more durable over time and have the imprint of a broader portion of the American public . Bipartisan votes on legislation demonstrate that support for a bill is not red or blue , but red , white and blue . Americans already making big decisions over cliff A budget deal could show that it is possible to have responsible partisanship . In recent decades , public debate has revolved around whether it is better to have a partisan divide , where Democrats and Republicans offer voters clear alternatives , or bipartisanship , where both sides find areas of agreement . The alternate path is responsible partisanship , whereby the parties are willing to sign onto bills where each loses something significant . They must abide by Senator Dirksen 's maxim : "  I am a man of fixed and unbending principles , the first of which is to be flexible at all times . " Responsible partisanship would offer voters the best of both worlds -- a partisan system with the capacity for governance . So the budget deal can be a big deal , not only for the nation but also for restoring public trust in Congress . If Congress fails to reach a deal on its own , or if it tries to kick the issue down the road by extending the deadline , the chances are that the terrible perceptions of the legislative branch will only get worse . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Avoiding the fiscal cliff could be a moment of truth for Congress , says Julian Zelizer It 's an opportunity to restore public trust in a maligned institution , he says Zelizer : Congress 's inability to achieve bipartisan legislation is one of its biggest failings A budget deal could show it 's possible to have responsible partisanship , he says
CNN  -- Fox News contributor and Republican as of 2012 , black actress Stacey Dash proves she really was n't acting in the movie "  Clueless . " Appearing on Fox News ' "  Hannity " show , Dash called all black people in Louisiana government freeloaders who do n't work . Sean Hannity asked Dash : "  Has voting with Obama 95 % of the time and Obamacare , has that helped the minority community in Louisiana ? " "  No , not at all . It still keeps them stuck . They 're getting money for free . They feel worthless . They 're uneducated . I mean , as long as you are that way , they can keep you under their control ... " "  They have a plantation mentality , " Dash said . "  As long as they give you this much money , you 'll stay right there . You do n't need to know too much because if you do , you might start thinking for yourself . " I think Stacey Dash needs to get out more , perhaps visit Louisiana and the rest of America and see that all blacks , myself included , certainly do n't feel "  worthless " under President Barack Obama 's administration . Whether Democratic or Republican , scores of black people -- Oprah Winfrey , Allen West , Condoleezza Rice , Ben Carson , Shelby Steele , Bill Cosby , Robin Roberts , and many many others -- are highly educated , gainfully employed , paying their bills and frankly doing quite well . Dash is one of them . Many black people may want Obama to provide more productive policies , but to suggest , as Dash does , that blacks are largely "  uneducated " and "  getting money for free " is a racist narrative that conservatives need to stop perpetuating . That kind of talk is an offensive nonstarter in getting blacks to consider voting Republican . So is the often repeated meme by some black conservatives that blacks "  have a plantation mentality . " Whether you 're white or black , it 's never cool to invoke metaphors of slavery , which was a gruesome , painful institution protected by Democrats in America that went on way too long . Conservatives should remind Americans of the history of slavery and how the Democratic Party perpetuates policies of paternalism that do n't benefit blacks . The "  Hannity " segment was about the Louisiana Senate race between Democratic incumbent Sen. Mary Landrieu and Republicans Bill Cassidy and Rob Maness . Dash and other guests discussed how blacks in Louisiana have voted for Landrieu since electing her in 1997 but have not benefited from it . Black Republican Deroy Murdock gave a much more reasoned commentary on why black people need to reconsider their blind allegiance to Democrats . Referring to an ad produced by black Republican Louisiana State Sen. Elbert Guillory focusing on Landrieu 's record with blacks , Murdock said : "  I think state Sen. Guillory has done a tremendous job and service , by asking in this ad a very basic question : What have the Democrats done for us lately ? Black folks show up and vote 95 % for Obama , 95 % for Landrieu and ... what do you get ? Eighteen years of poverty under Mary Landrieu in Louisiana . " Murdock said that under Obama 's presidency , black poverty and dependence on food stamps has increased and home ownership has declined . Fact-based comments such as Murdock 's raise eyebrows and invite blacks voting for the Democratic Party to consider voting for Republicans . Dash 's comments are insulting and give blacks another reason to tune out the GOP and not take our party seriously .	Black Republican Stacey Dash , an actress , called Louisiana blacks freeloaders Dash said blacks are "  uneducated , " "  feel worthless " under President Obama Conservative Crystal Wright says that 's no way to get blacks to join the GOP Wright says Republicans , including black Republicans , need to stop racist comments
CNN Student News  -- September 7 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Charlotte , North Carolina Bermuda London Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Attorney General Eric Holder announced Thursday that he will resign after six years at the helm of the Justice Department . Holder has agreed to remain in his post until the confirmation of his successor . "  In the months ahead I will leave the Department of Justice , " Holder said at the White House , thanking President Barack Obama for the "  greatest honor of my professional life . " Though he 's stepping down , Holder said that "  he will never leave the work . " "  I will continue to serve and try to find ways to make our nation even more true to its founding ideals , " he said , without offering any specifics . Obama stood next to Holder in the White House State Dining Room , praising the first African-American to serve as attorney general and who made civil rights and equal rights central components to his tenure at Justice . The President noted that his department prosecuted hundreds of terror cases , "  rooted out corruption and fought violent crime , " tackled financial fraud and "  attacks on the Voting Rights Act . " Obama said Holder also helped to bring down the crime rate and incarceration rate by 10 % over the last six years . "  Eric has done a superb job , " Obama said . "  I just want to say thank you . " In a telephone interview with CNN 's Evan Perez before the official announcement , Holder said he never intended to stay for the duration of Obama 's second term . He said now was the appropriate time to step down -- a time when things are going smoothly at the department . "  I 'm confident we 're in a good place , " Holder said . "  Now was a good time to go -LSB- with -RSB- those accomplishments in the last few years in place . " He points to Justice 's role in the aftermath of the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . He has also stated that protecting voters ' rights and gay rights , easing federal drug sentencing rules that he argues disproportionately burden minorities and defending the use of criminal courts to try terrorist suspects are critical issues . "  I think I go out having accomplished a great deal in the areas that are of importance to me . I 'm satisfied with the work we have done , " he said . Eric Holder 's legacy Holder has discussed his plans to step down personally with the President on multiple occasions in recent months , and finalized those plans in an hour-long conversation with Obama at the White House residence over Labor Day weekend , an Obama administration official said . Holder noted that he has loved the Justice Department since , when he was a boy , he watched how -- under Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy -- the Justice Department played a leadership role in advancing the civil rights movement . During his tenure as attorney general , Holder has had Kennedy 's portrait in his conference room . Feds launch probe of Ferguson police department Controversy Holder also has been criticized as being overtly political , and some Republican members of Congress are shedding few tears over his resignation . For instance , Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina tweeted , "  Good riddance Eric Holder . Your disregard for the Constitution of the United States will not be missed . " House Speaker John Boehner released a similar statement , saying Holder 's resignation is "  long overdue . " Some congressional Republicans have accused the attorney general of defying the 2013 Supreme Court ruling in Shelby v. Holder , which struck down a component of the Voting Rights Act , and they investigated him over Operation Fast and Furious . In Fast and Furious , the so-called gun-walking operation , roughly 2,000 guns were allowed into Mexico with the goal of tracking them to Mexican drug cartels . Two guns found at the scene of Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry 's fatal shooting in December 2010 were linked to the operation . In June 2012 , the House voted to hold Holder in contempt of Congress for refusing to turn over documents linked to that operation . Upon hearing the news of Holder 's resignation , House Oversight Committee Chairman , Rep. Darrell Issa , who lead the contempt proceedings , called Holder "  the most divisive U.S. Attorney General in modern history . " Who might replace Eric Holder ? Partisan support But Holder has his supporters , including the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee . "  I particularly appreciate how Attorney General Holder has restored the Civil Rights Division to its historical mission , " Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont said . Lawmakers weigh in on Eric Holder 's resignation Leahy also pointed to the attorney general 's work on sentencing reforms and efforts to reduce recidivism rates . Those sentiments were echoed by Rep. Marcia Fudge , chair of the Congressional Black Caucus . She said Holder 's departure "  will leave a significant void in this administration and in our nation . " Tenure The attorney general is one of only three remaining members of Obama 's original Cabinet . In 2013 , Holder described his first meeting with Obama , which occurred just after Obama was elected to the U.S. Senate in 2004 . "  I sat next to him at this dinner and we just started talking about a variety of things , sports among them and criminal justice issues . And we saw that we had a lot of similar views and so we just started a relationship that was casual , " Holder said . Some conservatives : Holder playing racial politics Holder was sworn in as the 82nd attorney general in February 2009 after serving as President Bill Clinton 's deputy attorney general , the first African-American to serve in that position . Previously , the Columbia Law School graduate was U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia and served during President Ronald Reagan 's administration as an associate judge at the Superior Court of the District of Columbia . Holder unveils program to counter recruiting by extremist groups	Holder formally announces his resignation Job the "  greatest honor of my professional life " House Speaker John Boehner says Holder 's departure "  long overdue " Obama administration points to Holder 's work on LGBT issues , terrorism
CNN  -- Country music artist John Rich had such a great time in Las Vegas that he was not fit to fly home to Nashville on Sunday , according to Southwest Airlines . Rich , 37 , was escorted off a Southwest flight before it took off from Las Vegas Sunday night , airline spokeswoman Christi McNeill said Monday . "  Our crew assessed the situation and determined that the passenger was not fit for travel , " McNeill said . It was not clear what led to Rich 's getting booted from the plane , but the singer 's spokeswoman Tree Paine denied online reports that he was involved in a fight with another passenger . "  Did John Rich have a great time with his fans in Vegas ? Yes . Was there an altercation ? Absolutely not , " a statement said . Southwest gave Rich -- of the band Big & Rich -- and a fellow traveler a refund and they found alternative travel arrangements to Nashville , the airline spokeswoman said . "  Our employees are responsible for the safety and comfort of everyone on board a flight , " McNeill said . "  If we can mitigate an uncomfortable situation prior to departure , it is our preference to do so , and that is what happened in this scenario . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	John Rich is escorted off Southwest flight at Las Vegas airport Crew says Big & Rich singer "  was not fit for travel , " airline spokeswoman says Singer 's spokeswoman : "  Did John Rich have a great time with his fans in Vegas ? Yes . " Rich spokeswoman denies there was a fight with another passenger
CNN  -- A pro-democracy activist released from a Vietnamese prison was on his way to his California home after nine months in detention , according to his family . Nguyen Quoc Quan , who holds a U.S. passport , was arrested April 17 , 2012 , at Ho Chi Min City 's Tan Son Nhat International Airport . He was originally charged with terrorism and attempting to overthrow the government , but those charges were later reduced to subversion . His deportation Wednesday was a surprise , following the postponement of his trial last week . State media said that Nguyen , 58 , of Elk Grove , California , admitted to taking part in illegal activities and was flown out Vietnam for humanitarian reasons . But the activist 's wife said that when he called her before leaving Vietnam , Nguyen denied ever admitting to wrongdoing and said that he was not finished working for democracy there . Read more : Why are we still in ` Vietghanistan ? ' Nguyen 's family and U.S.-based legal counsel welcomed the news . "  Dr. Quan 's release comes as a major and wonderful surprise , given that the government has on trial 22 people right now for subversion , and recently convicted 14 others of similar charges based on protected advocacy of nonviolent democratic reform , " said Linda Malone , a professor at William & Mary Law School in Virginia . "  There is no question that the media attention , public outrage and efforts of the State Department were critical in preventing conviction of a U.S. citizen for exercising a clearly protected human right to freedom of speech and thought , " she said in a statement . Nguyen 's wife , Ngo Mai Huong , said Nguyen had gone to Vietnam planning to visit his younger sister and talk about democracy and the rule of law . Ngo told CNN that she got a phone call early Wednesday from a U.S. consular official , who told her that she "  had better sit down " before he delivered some news . CNN Heroes : Giving Vietnam 's street kids a chance "  I thought that it had to do with his health or that something had gone wrong at the trial , " she said from California . "  Instead , he said my husband was on a plane headed home and I could n't speak . I just cried and cried . " Nguyen was "  an important member of leadership " in the Viet Tan democracy organization , says the group 's spokesperson , Duy Hoang . The former high school teacher went to Vietnam in April to meet with other grassroots democracy activists , but was arrested at the airport on arrival , Duy said . According to a report published last year in the Communist Youth Union-run Tuoi Tre news , "  police caught  Nguyen  bringing documents on terrorist training to allegedly incite demonstrations in Ho Chi Minh City as well as other provinces and cities " during festivities marking the reunification of North and South Vietnam and May Day . Vietnam 's Security Ministry determined that Nguyen planned to hold a "  demonstration and terrorist activities planned by ... Viet Tan , " said a report in the state-run Vietnam News Agency . "  The government detained him because he was opposed to them , " said Duy . "  But when they could n't substantiate the terrorism charges against him first they dropped them to subversion and then ultimately they just released him because the publicity and political pressure from the U.S. and politicians in Washington was too strong . " The Viet Tan group -- which has offices in California , Japan , Australia and France -- says on its website it is "  committed to peaceful , nonviolent struggle " to defend human rights and promote democracy despite what it calls a "  backward dictatorship . " This was not the first time Quan had been detained in Vietnam . He was released in 2008 after serving six months in prison for a terrorism conviction , according to Tuoi Tre news . Viet Tan said in that case he 'd actually been detained in November 2007 "  for distributing materials promoting nonviolent tactics for civil resistance . " But Nguyen appears ready to keep up his pressure for reforms . "  My husband said that even after months in prison he was better off and freer than the Vietnamese people today , " said Ngo . "  He said that to do something good you have to be ready to pay a price . "	Vietnam deports U.S. activist Nguyen Quoc Quan was originally charged with terrorism Charges later reduced to subversion Nguyen did not admit to wrongdoing , wife says
Glasgow , Scotland  CNN  -- -LSB- Breaking news alert , 6:23 a.m. GMT  01:23 a.m. ET  -RSB- Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom -- along with England , Wales and Northern Ireland -- following a historic referendum vote . A majority of voters rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away and becoming an independent nation . With 31 of 32 councils declared , the "  No " campaign has won the referendum on Scottish independence . Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond admitted defeat in Scotland 's independence referendum Friday -- and urged the rest of Scotland to do the same . In a televised statement , he thanked Scotland "  for 1.6 million votes for Scottish independence . "  A turnout of 86 % is one of the highest in the democratic world for any such vote , he said . -LSB- Original story published at 12.37 p.m. ET -RSB- Voters in Scotland made their choice Thursday -- remain part of the United Kingdom , or form their own independent nation . They chose to remain . With 31 of 32 of councils reporting , the "  No " campaign had garnered enough votes to secure their victory , and with it Scotland 's continued place within the union . The first councils to declare all went to the "  No " campaign , as did the capital , Edinburgh , which voted overwhelmingly to stay in the union with 123,927 for "  Yes " and 194,628 "  No " votes . Argyll and Bute and Aberdeenshire also voted "  No . " Glasgow delivered a solid win for the independence camp with 194,779 votes for "  Yes , " and 169,347 for "  No , " but lead was not big enough to overturn the "  No " camp 's overall majority so far , which maintains a 8 %  54 % to 46 %  lead over pro-independence camp . The majority of the early results have been going the anti-independence camp 's way . The "  No " campaign extended lead with Angus and East Dunbartonshire council results , alongside a landslide in Dumfries and Galloway . The oil-rich city of Aberdeen also strongly voted for the unionist camp . The city of Dundee was the first big gain for the independence campaign , voting "  Yes " with 53,620 votes for , 39,880 against . The individual counts by local authorities are ultimately immaterial as it is the total number of votes countrywide that will determine the outcome . Polls at more than 5,500 stations across all districts , from the remote highlands and islands to the big cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow , closed at 10 p.m. local time  5 p.m. ET  . People still in line to vote at that time were allowed to cast ballots . High turnout The first districts to report turnout reported high participation -- well over 80 % in most cases -- Mary Pitcaithly , chief counting officer , announced in Edinburgh . Turnout in Glasgow , one of the Yes campaign 's heartlands , was a relatively disappointing 75 % . More than 4.2 million people registered to vote on the question : "  Should Scotland be an independent country ? " A vote for independence would mean Scotland , with its population of about 5.3 million , splits from the rest of the United Kingdom , made up of England , Wales and Northern Ireland , in addition to Scotland . "  The people of Scotland have engaged in this conversation , " Phil MacHugh , a spokesman for the "  Yes " camp , told CNN on Thursday night . "  They have really gone out there , found out the information that they wanted to know , and made that choice today . " Prime minister 's address British Prime Minister David Cameron will make an address Friday morning . The content will depend on the outcome of the vote , but in the event that Scottish voters decide to stay in the union , Downing Street says he will refer to plans for further redistribution of powers from the central government to the Scottish Parliament , signed by Westminster leaders earlier this week . The counting officer for Edinburgh , Sue Bruce , explained just after 10 p.m. that each ballot will be double-checked , to verify each voter 's decision . Addressing dozens of election workers , Bruce added , "  I look forward to working with you during the course of the evening to deliver an accurate and transparent Edinburgh count in which you and the voters of Edinburgh can have full confidence . " Voting was brisk at one polling station in Glasgow as the polls opened Thursday , with many people voting on the way to work or before taking their children to school . Bad weather or the sheer volume of votes cast could slow down the counting process . However , the weather forecast appears good so far -- important when some ballot boxes must be collected by helicopter , plane or boat from polling stations on distant islands . Allegations of voting fraud were reported by Glasgow City Council , with several instances of people turning up at voting booths in Scotland 's largest city to vote , only to be told that they had already voted . The Council stressed that there was never actually a situation of double voting and the affected ballots are now being searched for and taken away . Scotland 's First Minister Alex Salmond , who has led the pro-independence "  Yes Scotland " campaign , cast his ballot Thursday morning in the village of Strichen , Aberdeenshire . Labour lawmaker Alistair Darling , who has headed the pro-union "  Better Together " campaign -- backed by the main parties in Westminster -- voted in Edinburgh , while former Prime Minister Gordon Brown , another pro-union campaigner , voted in the town of Kirkcaldy . For the first time , the vote was extended to 16 - and 17-year olds living in Scotland . Nearly 110,000 people younger than 18 have registered to vote . Voters in the referendum did not have to be British citizens ; Commonwealth , Irish and EU citizens who live in Scotland and are registered to vote there can cast a ballot . However , Scots living outside Scotland do not have a say . Nearly 790,000 people applied for a postal vote -- the largest volume of registration for postal votes ever in Scotland . After the polls closed , Salmond tweeted , "  This has been a remarkable day . Scotland 's future truly is in Scotland 's hands . " CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Glasgow , Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London and Euan McKirdy wrote and reported in Hong Kong . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Lindsay Isaac and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom "  No " camp wins majority of councils already declared With majority of councils reporting , "  No " lead unlikely to be overturned The referendum will decide if Scotland remains part of the United Kingdom
"  Here we go again , " I sigh , browsing news channels . Each one , leading with the chilling buzzwords : "  Islamic State " and "  Jihadist Murder . " Not since the weeks following the September 11 , 2001 attacks in New York has turning on the TV been so demoralizing for Muslims across the globe . I have that same sinking feeling whenever an atrocity takes place which is broadly placed at the feet of the "  Muslim world . " Because , "  Hi , I am Lauren and I am a Muslim " -- should there be a new support group ? What 's depressing as a "  revert "  Muslims believe everyone is born into their faith  to Islam is to witness the casual sleepwalk towards the branding of all Muslims -- wherever we live and whatever our lives -- as the "  same . " As the wider community watches this dangerous pantomime unfold , it is significant that the question asked  again  of Muslim Britons or Americans is not : "  How do we tackle these challenges together ? " but "  what can be done about ` extremism ' in your community ? " This question pushes millions of us outside mainstream society , causing fissures where fault lines already exist . Almost a decade ago , as the  Christian  head interviewer at the Islam Channel in the UK , my job put me into contact with some of the Muslim world 's most prominent clerics , academics and leaders . My contact with many chilled-out , clean-living and gentle people -- offering me kindness , food and shelter -- led me to research the world 's fastest growing faith . I came to embrace its central concept : the "  Oneness of God . " During this time , I also visited Palestine as a reporter . My working life in the Western media had not prepared me for the experience . I realized that I had been misguided about Islam and its people by the political mantra , best summarized as : "  You 're either with us or against us . " One day , reporting from a refugee camp in Gaza , I was led by a group of shoeless children to a dark living room , lit only by candles due to a power cut . An elderly lady offered me tea and I found myself alone with a short-bearded young man in jeans and a t-shirt , with a serious expression . "  You are now in the house of Islamic Jihad , " he said . My eyes took in the impoverished home . My hair was out , my arms on show , and I was in my usual London-style clothes . "  Why are n't you afraid ? " The young man asked . "  Because your mum 's making me tea , " I said . He went on to tell me that whether I was Christian , American , secular or Jewish , so long as I came to Palestine in peace , he and his colleagues would protect me with their lives and treat me  the sister in law of Tony Blair , former UK prime minister -- no friend of Islam  as their honored guest . For the best part of a decade , this has remained my professional experience . I have also interviewed members of Hamas , Hezbollah and the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades . The men I met expressed the same promise to protect my safety . That particular young man in Gaza would no more recognize the aims or behavior of the so-called "  Islamic State , " in beheading journalists and threatening the mass murder of other faiths , than your own kids or , for that matter , your average Muslim teenager in Los Angeles , London or Lille would . Yet Muslims -- whether involved in genuine armed resistance in Gaza or simply preparing for college in the Midwest -- are labeled as sharing the values of groups I can confidently say do not represent our faith , our many cultures , or much less our hopes and aspirations . In response to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's attempt to link all resistance groups ' aims to those of ISIS , Al Falistinya TV in Palestine aired a film clip that better reflects the way ISIS is viewed by most Muslims in the region . It is pertinent to remind ourselves that despite the abject horror of Western journalists being murdered , ISIS , like all extremist jihadist groups , has focused its killing on Muslims first and foremost . The NCTC Report on Terrorism  2012  found that "  In cases where the religious affiliation of terrorism casualties could be determined , Muslims suffered between 82 and 97 % of terrorism-related fatalities over the past five years . " So , do you really think we do n't care about extremism ? That it 's divorced from our reality , or unimportant to our community ? There is an experience that wannabe members of chilling al Qaeda offshoots and people like me share : the inevitable hurried , ill-thought out policy-on-the-run that politicians in the U.S. , UK and France will now make off the back of the regular appearance of murder videos . Every day , Muslims in market places from Kabul to Mosul are more likely to be blown up by "  jihadists . " And in the West , it is everyday Muslims like me who hold our breaths waiting for the next raft of CIA and British intelligence "  measures , " which will target citizens based solely on the basis of our religion or ethnicity . In the U.S. , databases showing where Muslims live , where we shop , what Internet cafes we use and even where we like to watch sport are now accepted practices . Informants -- aptly nicknamed "  mosque crawlers " by the CIA -- are sent to our Friday services , pretending to share our faith , then reporting back to the secret service . Unsurprisingly as a result , government bodies are viewed as a hostile entity by Muslim voters who are not radicalized -- simply frustrated . A 2012 survey by the Arab American Institute found that 55 % of Arab American Muslims experienced discrimination , while 71 % were afraid of expected future increases in discrimination . Meanwhile in Britain , as Prime Minister David Cameron grandstands using phrases that inflame tensions on the streets here , mosques have been burned and vandalized . Muslims are the target of countless and increasing hate crimes across cities in the UK and Europe . Those headlines -- the ones that may reassure you -- about "  deradicalization " and "  crackdowns , " mean that your quiet , non-drinking Muslim neighbors and I must now prepare for more phone spying , more friends receiving alarming visits from secret agents and more hassle at the airport . For those young men whose inner confusion , drug addiction , mental health problems or yes , even extremist grooming , makes them want to join some murderous group , one of the biggest recruiting lines is "  the West vilifies you and your community . " So why do politicians think more mass surveillance and persecution is the answer ? One ingredient for a long-term solution to the brainwashing of a small number of young people is one that is missing from this week 's political rhetoric -- yet again . This is the ideal of "  fairness , " at home and abroad , for Muslims . This may be shocking to read at a time when "  Muslims " are shown wearing bonnets and carrying long knives for slaughter videos . Yet the answer is staring us all in the face and has been since 9/11 first made Muslims in the West afraid to turn on the TV . Millions felt the same horror watching footage of Bagram and Guantanamo Bay . Are we all humans with rights or are we not ? The U.S. and its allies are preparing to re-enter Iraq again by air and perhaps eventually by land . Now is the time to propose a coherent strategy abroad that does not , and will never again , name the mass slaughter of Muslim civilians as "  collateral damage " in a war they want no part in . A strategy should be proposed at home that includes honest , free debate between the Muslim community and the government on issues such as foreign policy and anti-terror measures , without prompting fear for our own freedom and security . Now that really would be radical . In a good way . MAPS : Where do jihadis come from ?	It 's depressing to witness the branding of all Muslims as the "  same , " writes Lauren Booth Booth : Muslims are labeled as sharing the values of groups that do not represent our faith Extremist jihadist groups have focused its killing on Muslims first and foremost , she writes One ingredient for a long-term solution is the ideal of "  fairness , " she says
CNN  -- Crowd disorder caused a top of the table Euro 2016 qualifier between Italy and Croatia Sunday to be delayed as flares were thrown on the pitch . The match was deadlocked at 1-1 in the famous San Siro stadium in Milan when referee Bjorn Kuipers briefly held up the match before leading the players off the pitch for over 15 minutes . Most of the flares , coming from the Croatian supporters in the stadium , appeared to be aimed at Italy goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon . The match eventually did come to a conclusion with the score staying unchanged . Antonio Candreva had put Italy ahead early in the match , but Ivan Perisic soon leveled after an assist from Barcelona 's Ivan Rakitic . The result leaves Croatia top of Group H on goal difference from the Italians . Norway stays third after a 1-0 win in Azerbaijan . Hiddink breaths easier Earlier , there was relief for under pressure Dutch coach after his side beat Latvia 6-0 in Group A. Hiddink had indicated he might resign after another disappointing result after four defeats in his first five games in charge . The Dutch , who reached the semifinals of the World Cup under Louis van Gaal , at last showed some of that form as Arjen Robben and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar both scored twice with captain Robin van Persie and Jeffrey Bruma also on target for the Oranje . But the Czech Republic kept up the pressure at the top of the group with a fourth straight win , beating Iceland 2-1 in Prague . Bale shines for Wales In other key clashes , Gareth Bale 's Wales maintained its unbeaten start to Group B by holding favorites Belgium goalless in Brussels . Real Madrid 's Bale came closest for the visitors with a first half free kick and a low shot which went narrowly wide after a typical surging run . Nicolas Lombaerts hit the post for the home side , who piled on the pressure at the end . But the match had a controversial note as Belgium 's Marouane Fellaini appeared to deliberately elbow Joe Allen , who was left with blood streaming from his face . Israel later went top of the group with a 3-0 home win over Bosnia and Herzegovina .	Italy - Croatia clash held up by crowd trouble at San Siro Flares thrown on pitch cause 15 minute delay Netherlands thrash Latvia 6-0 to relieve pressure on Guus Hiddink Gareth Bale 's Wales hold Belgium goalless in Brussels
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf will face charges of treason for his role in imposing emergency military rule six years ago , the country 's interior minister said Sunday . "  I 'm calling on the chief justice of Pakistan to appoint three high court judges to investigate former President Gen. Pervez Musharraf under Article 6 of the law , " Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan told reporters , referring to a section of the constitution covering high treason . Musharraf could face life in prison or receive the death penalty if he is found guilty of treason . A spokeswoman for the former military ruler said he is willing to face all charges against him . "  Gen. Musharraf has full faith in the judiciary and trusts the legal system to clear his name , " Aasia Ishaque told CNN by phone . "  He is a man of his word , and he will let the court decide his fate . " The charges will be referred Monday and a special prosecutor to oversee the case will be selected , Khan said . Musharraf 's return Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has accused Musharraf of illegally abrogating the constitution in November 2007 . That month , Musharraf declared a state of emergency , suspended Pakistan 's constitution , replaced the chief judge and blacked out independent TV outlets . Musharraf said he did so to stabilize the country and to fight rising Islamist extremism . The action drew sharp criticism from the United States and democracy advocates . Pakistanis openly called for his ouster . Under pressure from the West , he later lifted the state of emergency and promised elections . When those elections came , his party was dealt a serious blow . Musharraf stepped down in August 2008 as the governing coalition began taking steps to impeach him . He has not been allowed to leave the country since arriving back from self-imposed exile in the run-up to this year 's elections . No love lost It 's not surprising that Sharif would call for Musharraf to be held criminally liable ; there is no love lost between the two men . In the 1990s , when Sharif was prime minister , Musharraf was military chief . Sharif feared Musharraf was plotting his ouster . He fired Musharraf in October 1999 after the army 's failed invasion of Kargil , in India-held Kashmir . And when Musharraf was on a flight to the city of Karachi , his plane was initially denied permission to land , purportedly by Sharif . The military responded by overthrowing Sharif in a bloodless coup . Musharraf took power , and a court subsequently convicted Sharif on hijacking and treason charges . Sharif managed to negotiate a period in exile in Saudi Arabia instead of prison . He returned to Pakistan to challenge Musharraf 's rule in late 2007 . His party did n't win . But he waited . This year , his party won a majority of the votes , putting him back in power . CNN 's Saima Mohsin contributed to this report .	Pervez Musharraf returned to Pakistan this year after a self-imposed exile He is the former president and military chief of the country He could face death if convicted of treason His spokeswoman says he believes his name will be cleared
CNN  -- It 's the largest gift in the nearly 400-year history of Harvard College , a nine-figure sum aimed at giving hundreds of students who win admission "  against long odds " the means to attend . The $ 150 million donation from hedge-fund chieftain Ken Griffin , class of ' 89 , will fund full scholarships for 200 Harvard undergraduates and provide matching funds for another 600 , the university announced Wednesday . "  It 's about having a chance to play a part in helping to ensure the next generation of leaders in America has access to the finest institution in the world , " said Griffin , who founded the Chicago-based Citadel fund a year after graduating with a bachelor 's degree in economics . Griffin told CNN the scholarships are aimed at students who "  have done really , really well in their classwork against long odds . This is their chance to go to America 's greatest college . " Harvard tuition currently runs just under $ 39,000 a year , with total costs -- room , board and fees -- running more than $ 56,000 . With an endowment of more than $ 32 billion , the famed Cambridge , Massachusetts , school is n't hurting for money and has been ramping up its financial aid in recent years . The average student gets about $ 12,000 a year in aid . About 20 % of the college 's 6,700 undergrads come from families that earn less than $ 65,000 a year . They pay no expenses . Griffin , who already has established one Harvard scholarship , said the school 's commitment to "  need-blind " admissions and equality of opportunity inspired his contribution . "  I think for me , as a Harvard alumnus who really did benefit tremendously from a Harvard experience , this is as a chance for me to really support a set of values and beliefs that I believe in strongly , " he said . Harvard College is the undergraduate arm of Harvard University . "  Ken Griffin 's extraordinary philanthropy is opening Harvard 's gates wider to the most talented students in the world , no matter their economic circumstances , " Harvard University President Drew Gilpin Faust said in a statement announcing the gift . The scholarships Griffin 's donation will fund mean "  Harvard is more accessible than ever before , " she said . Also included in the gift is $ 10 million for an endowed professorship in business administration at the Harvard Business School , which will be named for Griffin . The university 's financial aid office will also bear his name , the school announced .	Griffin says future leaders should be able to attend "  the finest institution in the world " His $ 150 million gift is Harvard College 's biggest and among the largest ever Tuition , fees , room and board at Harvard top $ 56,000 a year School has been ramping up its financial aid in recent years
CNN  -- Countries rarely default , at least not under the basic understanding of the term . If you or I ca n't pay our bills and creditors come calling , eventually we can declare bankruptcy and painfully move on . Most of our creditors get little or nothing back . And companies to do it all the time -- indeed , it seems a matter of course for U.S. airlines . But countries do n't really go bankrupt . They choose to stop paying , one way or another . The difference ? Countries get new tax payers every day . They are born or they migrate . Countries can not become insolvent . They stop paying to save money . READ MORE : Nine things we missed during the shutdown How do they choose to default ? Politicians can flirt with financial suicide , as some members of the U.S. Congress are fond of doing . But let 's be clear , the U.S. was not going to default . The showdown was just politics . "  The United States has enormous credibility and is at no risk of default , " Anne Pettifor , of Prime Economics , told me . "  In my view there is no possibility whatsoever of the USA defaulting on its debt . " So , the USA can not really default , thanks in part to a strong Federal Reserve and international creditors still wanting to buy its bonds , no matter how low the interest rate falls . But other countries have chosen to default , at least in theory . From Argentina to Russia to North Korea , countries have stopped paying the interest or principle on domestic or international obligations . In Russia 's case , it was able to pay back creditors within a few years , thanks to the rise of energy prices . Russia did not walk away from its creditors . READ MORE : Five most surprising things in debt deal Argentina was a much tougher case . When it stopped paying creditors in late 2001 , it caused a great deal of pain for its citizens in 2002-2003 . Its efforts to settle with creditors still bubble up in New York courts . No one can say Argentina has fully recovered its reputation in the international markets . Some bondholders simply refuse to take a portion of what they are owed and move on . They want their money back . Still its economy grew quickly within a few years of default . Does that mean that defaulting is not a terrible step ? After all , it means a country can get a handle on its obligations . "  The debts become more manageable and therefore the country becomes more creditworthy , " Pettifor said . Then , however , "  the creditors pile in . " READ MORE : Conservatives defiant in face of GOP troubles Nazi Germany defaulted in 1933 . The new government was not going to honor the obligations of the previous leaders . We all know how that went . It was decades before some of the German debt was paid back in a token way . No eurozone country has unilaterally refused to pay its bills . The market made it impossible for the like of Ireland and Greece to issue new bonds at a sustainable interest rate . New creditors stepped in , instead of walking away . We know them as the troika -- made up of the European Central Bank , European Union and International Monetary Fund . Greece 's meltdown led to bondholders taking the "  haircut , " yet the country is set to take another package of aid . But it ca n't inflate its currency  it lost that option when it joined the euro  and ca n't default  for the same reason  . READ MORE : U.S. must shake this addiction to debt -- or kill the recovery The latest plan is not the bailout , but the "  bail-in . " Look at Cyprus . Bond holders hold off , the depositors pay up  those forced to bail-in  and everyone holds their breath hoping the country can rebuild its economy and banking sector and eventually pay back something . After all , the troika expects to be paid back . If not , that would be a default . All this makes you wonder why the USA would even want to be mentioned in the same breath or paragraph with these countries .	People and companies default -- but countries rarely do , at least in the traditional sense U.S. politicians play financial brinkmanship but the country was not at risk of default Other countries have defaulted -- including Argentina and Russia And some , history shows , have been economically better off for having done so
CNN  -- An oil pipeline that on September 9 began leaking crude oil just southwest of Chicago , Illinois , was back up and running Friday morning , owner Enbridge Energy Partners LP announced . The line , 6A , runs from Superior , Wisconsin , to Griffith , Indiana , and transports 670,000 barrels per day , according to Enbridge . The company this summer has had to close three pipelines to investigate and/or make repairs . The first and largest was a rupture in line 6B that dumped more than 800,000 gallons into Michigan 's Kalamazoo River . The company also shut down a pipeline this Monday after oil was detected near a construction site , but the company noted this incident did not appear to be a leak as the investigation stemmed from the discovery of less than a gallon of oil . Spills spark spikes in gasoline prices Large or small , pipeline incidents have been grabbing headlines , not to mention the eyes of politicians . And since there 's about 200,000 miles of liquid pipeline and 300,000 of gas lines , it 's an issue than can affect just about every part of the country . The recent liquid pipeline failures in combination with the deadly gas pipeline explosion and fire that killed four people in San Bruno , California , helped lead to a Wednesday hearing of the U.S. House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , where politicians voiced concerns over the industry 's regulatory standards . More questions surround California gas line "  This is a very timely hearing , as we are unfortunately experiencing a high level of pipeline accidents that have caused significant death and destruction , " said Rep. Corrine Brown , D-Florida , chair of the Subcommittee on Railroads , Pipelines , and Hazardous Materials . "  Our subcommittee ... has found significant problems with reporting and inspections , " she said . Enbridge has taken significant heat over the notion that it waited too long to report the incident . "  The spill likely occurred sometime the day before Enbridge reported it to the National Response Center , " said Rep. Jim Oberstar , D-Minnesota , chair of the committee . He noted that in a hearing prior to the spill in Michigan , Enbridge 's vice president of U.S. operations touted his company 's ability to detect problems in the pipes . Oberstar cited Adam 's quote from the previous hearing : "  Our response time from our control center can be almost instantaneous , and our large leaks are typically detected by our control center personnel . " The pipe ruptured 10 days after he made that statement . "  Enbridge knew about hundreds of defects in the line , " Oberstar added , "  and we know that PHMSA -LSB- the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration -RSB- was made aware of them and failed to do anything to address Enbridge 's inaction . That is not a culture of safety . " Denise Green , who testified at the hearing , wept as she described how she and her two daughters had been exposed to benzene , a volatile carcinogen , after the spill . "  My 12-year-old asks me frequently , ` Am I going to get cancer ? ' " said Green during her testimony . "  The only way I can answer that is ' I do n't know . The only thing we can do is pray that everything will be OK . ' " Residents near spill urged to evacuate In his prepared testimony , Enbridge President and CEO Patrick Daniel said he was "  deeply concerned " by the Michigan incident and that "  for Enbridge , no spill is acceptable . " The Detroit Free Press reported this week that the pipe that broke in Michigan had been marked for defects three times in the past five years but that , since those defects were declared to be minor , no repairs were required under current federal regulations . So , would more stringent rules make things any better ? Perhaps , said leading industry analyst Richard Kuprewicz , but he said care should be taken not to enact rules simply as a means of punishment . "  We just want to be sure that those improvements are effective . We do n't just want regulation for the sake of regulation , " he said . Overall Kuprewicz said he feels gas pipelines need the most overhaul , for a combination of reasons . Part of it , he said , is because gas can do so much damage when it ignites . "  The gas guys have got to really come to the table and start saying , ` We 've got an issue here . We 've got to have more rational regulation . ' " Nonetheless , the majority of the hearing this week centered on liquid pipelines , which , Kuprewicz said , can certainly use "  incremental " changes . He said he would see it as "  overkill " to force companies to repair every problem . "  You ca n't eliminate all anomalies in a pipeline , " he added . "  All pipelines corrode . The question is , does the operator have that corrosion under control so the pipeline does n't go to failure ? " Kuprewicz also added that while it may seem like the companies should be able to more quickly identify an issue , it 's not always so cut and dry . "  I 've been in the control room operating this stuff . It 's hard to find major releases , even ruptures , by pressure loss . There 's so much information coming into these control rooms , so it is n't as easy as the public thinks it is . " He then added that he is by no means defending Enbridge over its response time in the Michigan spill . He concluded by saying the industry has taken a "  quantum leap " forward over the years but "  it needs to continually progress because obviously we 're getting these ruptures and it 's not good . " "  Something is not right here . " The Subcommittee on Railroads , Pipelines , and Hazardous Materials is scheduled to hold a hearing on the Department of Transportation 's inspection and enforcement of gas and hazardous liquid pipelines -- CNN 's Thom Patterson and CNNMoney 's Aaron Smith contributed to this report	Leaking Enbridge oil pipeline near Chicago back up and running , company says Congress holds hearings after recent incidents -- including 800k-gallon Michigan oil spill Hearing witness : "  My 12-year-old asks me frequently , ` am I going to get cancer ? ' " Enbridge president "  deeply concerned " by the Michigan incident
CNN  -- Forget "  Harry Potter " and "  Twilight . " In a few months , "  The Hunger Games " phenomenon will be taking over the pop culture world . Although it will be feeding off the tween demographic , this franchise will chew up those other guys and spit them out . But what exactly is this "  Hunger Games " wonder that has so many folks talking months before the movie  which just wrapped up filming earlier this month  is even released ? Like many of the wildly successful film franchises these days , it began with a book . Suzanne Collins is the mastermind behind "  The Hunger Games " trilogy , which has been gaining momentum over the last few months for both its suspenseful plot and overarching message about society . The plot revolves around a dystopian society where punishment for a previous rebellion has resulted in a televised event . One boy and one girl between the ages of 12 and 18 from each district  there are 12 total  are selected at random and forced to participate in the Hunger Games , where "  tributes " must fight to the death until only one is left standing . "  The Hunger Games " gives us a heroine named Katniss , a strong-willed and unwavering spirit , who volunteers for the games in order to spare her younger sister . Once inside the death match arena , she must get down and dirty to outlive her competitors , but there 's one slight problem . Her hot friend Peeta gets cast into the games , too . In the midst of all the slaying , Katniss finds herself embroiled in a love triangle with her longtime pal Gale , who is watching the games from his home , and Peeta , who confesses his love for her inside the arena . Katniss ' emotional turmoil of love or death makes Shakespeare 's "  Romeo and Juliet " look like child 's play . Apparently , Collins ' twisted plot came to her one night while she was channel surfing between a competition reality show and a news program about the Iraq war . She blended the two shows and "  The Hunger Games " was born . The first film of the franchise is slated for release on March 23 , 2012 , while the second film is already booked for November 2013 . Fans can only hope director Gary Ross does n't soften the book , because the twists and turns will make for an edge-of-your-seat thriller . At this rate , the film is set to have more passion than "  Twilight " and more action than "  Harry Potter . " The film has already faced some controversy . When Lionsgate announced that Jennifer Lawrence had been cast to play Katniss , both fans and critics questioned the choice , believing she was too old , too blond and too pretty to play a ruthless warrior . However , if her success in "  Winter 's Bone " and "  X-Men : First Class " is any indication of her range , Lawrence has the potential to nail this role and pave the way for kick-butt female heroines . The movie 's lead male stars will likely rise to instant fame , just as Robert Pattinson and Taylor Lautner did with "  Twilight . " The relatively unknown actors Josh Hutcherson  Peeta  and Liam Hemsworth  Gale  will provide plenty of eye candy for the film . Other stars on the bill include Woody Harrelson  Haymitch  , Stanley Tucci  Caesar Flickerman  and Lenny Kravitz  Cinna  . The film was originally meant to be low budget , however the hype has pushed the movie to a nearly $ 100-million production , the Los Angeles Times reported . The cast and crew wrapped filming earlier this month after an 84-day shoot , and a recently released teaser trailer has given fans a taste of what 's to come . The hype may have escalated the budget , but the film may still exceed all expectations -- and be one lucrative franchise that reaches audiences of all ages . Now , with only a few months until the first film 's release , you still have plenty of time to pick up the book if you have n't read it . But be warned , once you finish the addictive read , you 'll probably hunger for more .	Suzanne Collins is the mastermind behind "  The Hunger Games " trilogy The plot revolves around a dystopian society One boy and one girl must fight to the death until only one is left standing
Gunmen ambushed two areas in coastal Kenya early Sunday , leaving at least 22 people dead , authorities said . At least 13 people died when attackers opened fire after midnight in Hindi near the popular tourist coast of Lamu , the Kenyan Red Cross said . Hindi is near Mpeketoni , where assailants killed dozens of people under the cover of darkness last month . A second overnight raid killed nine people at a police station in Gamba in Tana River county . One other person was hospitalized , and another was reported missing , the Kenyan Red Cross said . The Al-Shabaab Islamist terror group claimed responsibility for the weekend attacks , saying its militants killed 50 people and pledging more bloodshed . "  Our fighters came back their base unharmed after the attacks , " the terror group 's spokesman , Sheikh Abdiaziz Abu Musab , told the Somalia-based Radio Andalus . Kenya 's tourism industry has taken a hit amid attacks in the coastal region . In May , tour companies evacuated hundreds of vacationers from Kenya after the UK and the United States issued travel alerts that warned of a "  high threat " of terrorist attacks . Al-Shabaab , a Somali-based militant group , has claimed responsibility for most attacks . The Kenyan military crossed into Somalia in 2011 to battle Al-Shabaab , which it blamed for kidnapping tourists in the coastal region . In retaliation , the terrorist group has launched a spate of attacks , including targeting bustling bus stations with grenades . Last year , militants stormed the Westgate Mall in Nairobi and held shoppers under siege for days . At least 67 people were killed . READ : What is Al-Shabaab ? READ : Citing security , U.S. moves some from Nairobi embassy READ : At least 5 killed in gun , machete attack on Kenyan village	Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for both attacks One was near Mpeketoni , where dozens of people were killed last month Kenya 's tourism industry has taken a hit due to insecurity in the coastal region
CNN  -- President Obama delivered his State of the Union address and said -- again -- that this is the year he intends to close the detention center at Guantanamo Bay . As President , he has promised this before , first in his inaugural address in January 2009 and then periodically reiterated over the years . As I write this , I am en route to the prison that Amnesty International once dubbed the "  Guantanamo Gulag . " One might quibble over the term , but the profile of the place is extraordinary . When I first went there in 2004 , I expected to find "  the worst of the worst " terrorists in the world , as then-Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld had promised . Instead , I was hard-pressed to find people who were America 's enemies . The Pentagon has effectively conceded this -- 624 men have long since been set free , and 77 of the remaining 155 men have been cleared for release for at least four years , some for much longer . The majority of my clients have been cleared for release by the Obama administration 's 2009 Task Force , which requires unanimous agreement by no fewer than 6 federal agencies including the FBI , the CIA , and the Departments of Defense and State . There can be no other prison in the world where 50 percent of the inmates are told : "  You are cleared to leave , but you can not go . " I hope to visit five of my remaining clients , although some may not come to the meeting . All are depressed and  for the questionable privilege of seeing me  had to endure for a time what the military dubbed a "  scrotum search " -- an intentionally humiliating exploration of the genital area , which is intended to deter prisoners from coming to a legal visit to complain about the conditions . One person who will come out is Shaker Aamer , the last British resident there . Shaker does not like what he had to endure , but he told me recently that the procedure was ultimately more humiliating for the soldiers who must carry out such benighted orders . After all , who joined the proud U.S. military in order to become a "  Scrotum Searcher , First Class ? " He has been cleared since 2007 , and hopes that it will not be too long before he can return to London , finally , to meet his youngest son Faris , who was born on the day Shaker arrived at Guantanamo Bay : Valentine 's Day 2002 . Shaker is depressed . The President 's broken promises have weighed heavily on all the detainees . As anyone can understand , it is easier to endure the certainty of abuse than to oscillate between hope and despair . The President is correct when he argues that Guantanamo is a recruiting sergeant for extremism . He is right to say that America loses credibility , and inspires disdain , when we fail to adhere to our principles . The President is also justified when he blames the Republicans for undermining his pledge to erase the blot of Guantanamo from the reputation of this country . However , President Obama is arguably the most powerful person on the planet and his team should not promote the myth that the cleared prisoners can not be set free -- Shaker could join his wife and four children in London tomorrow ; those of us who have worked on the issue for 12 years can help ensure the smooth repatriation of others to their own homes and families . Equally to the point , the most powerful man on Earth could tell the military to stop humiliating prisoners who want to talk to their lawyers , and to end the violent and torturous practice of force-feeding those who peacefully protest their indefinite detention by hunger-striking . Over a 30-year career , I have visited most of the major prisons across the U.S. South , institutions that house death row or a maximum security unit , and none treats the prisoners as badly as Shaker suffers in Guantanamo Bay . The President could also advise me what I am meant to say next week , when my clients inevitably ask me -- as they always do -- why they are still being held despite the multiple findings that they pose no threat and can be transferred out of the hell they are living daily . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Clive Stafford Smith .	An attorney for 14 men in Guantanamo Bay says Obama 's broken promises have weighed heavily on all the detainees Obama said -- again -- that this is the year he intends to close the detention center at Guantanamo Bay 50 percent of Guantanamo Bay inmates are told : "  You are cleared to leave , but you can not go , " Clive Stafford Smith says
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Nobel Laureate and microfinance pioneer Muhammad Yunus faced a new government fight Monday as the Cabinet ordered "  legal action " against him for what it called "  tax irregularities . " The Cabinet meeting , led by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , discussed a report prepared by the National Board of Revenue that claimed it had found tax irregularities by Yunus between 2004 and 2011 , said cabinet secretary Mohammad Musharraf Hossain Bhuiyan at a briefing . The allegations are related to his overseas earnings of about $ 6.4 million , including award money and royalties from his books , and possible improper tax exemptions . Yunus , who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 , however , denied the allegations in a news release issued by Yunus Center in Dhaka . It said the government was supposed to determine what earnings were taxable . "  Professor Yunus has done everything with the consent and approval of the governing body , " it said . "  Professor Yunus had brought all his overseas earnings through banking channels as per laws and showed them in his income tax return and paid all the applicable taxes . " The National Board of Revenue chairman , Ghulam Hussain , said on Monday the board would seek an explanation from Yunus and take legal action if the explanation was found to be unsatisfactory . On Tuesday , the U.S. State Department urged the Bangladeshi government to treat Yunus "  in a fair and transparent manner , in keeping with Bangladeshi law and the principles of due process . " This is not the first time that Yunus and the government have been at odds . In 2011 , Bangladesh 's central bank removed Yunus as managing director of Grameen Bank , citing a mandatory retirement age . Yunus , 73 , founded Grameen Bank three decades ago to reduce poverty in Bangladesh . The model of financing the extremely poor without requiring any collateral was replicated around the world . Yunus was also awarded the U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009 and a U.S. Congressional Gold Medal in April .	The Bangladeshi government accuses Muhammad Yunus of tax irregularities Improper tax exemptions on about $ 6.4 million among the allegations Yunus , who won the Nobel Prize in 2006 , says he paid all taxes as required The government forced Yunus to retire from his Grameen Bank in 2011
London  CNN  -- WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is "  in the process of making arrangements " to meet with British police regarding a Swedish arrest warrant , his attorney said Monday . Assange is wanted for questioning by Swedish authorities over sex-crime allegations unrelated to WikiLeaks ' recent disclosure of secret U.S. documents . Mark Stephens , his British lawyer , told the BBC no time had been set for the meeting as of Monday evening , but one is likely "  in the foreseeable future . " "  We are in the process of making arrangements to meet with the police by consent in order to facilitate the taking of that question-and-answer as needed , " Stephens said . Assange , a 39-year-old Australian , has said he has long feared retribution for his website 's disclosures and has called the rape allegations against him a smear campaign . Sweden issued an arrest warrant for Assange in November , saying he is suspected of rape , sexual molestation and illegal use of force . The warrant was followed last week by a "  Red Notice " from Interpol , placing Assange on a list of wanted suspects at the request of Sweden 's Stockholm Criminal Court . British police then asked Swedish authorities for additional details not specified in the initial arrest warrant , a possible indication that the location of the elusive Assange is known . CNN has not confirmed that Assange is in the United Kingdom . Swedish prosecutors said Monday that they had sent additional information the British requested and that the case was being handled in accordance with European laws . WikiLeaks , which facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information , has been under intense pressure from the United States and its allies since it began posting the first of more than 250,000 U.S. State Department documents November 28 . Since then , the site has been hit with denial-of-service attacks , been kicked off servers in the United States and France and found itself cut off from funds in the United States and Switzerland . In response , the site has rallied supporters to mirror its content "  in order to make it impossible to ever fully remove WikiLeaks from the internet , " with more than 500 sites responding to the appeal by Monday evening , it said . Supporters have rallied on the microblogging site Twitter as well . Victoria Wang , a software designer in suburban Chicago , said government efforts to squelch WikiLeaks risk a backlash among younger , tech-savvy Americans . She called government efforts to shut down the site "  embarrassing . " "  Now that the information has already been leaked , it becomes more of a free-speech issue , " Wang said . Most reviews of the documents have failed to turn up many surprises so far , she said -- "  That 's why I feel like the censorship is a bigger issue . " In addition , WikiLeaks has posted a massive , closely encrypted file , identified as "  insurance " -- a file Assange 's lawyer has described as a "  thermonuclear device . " Assange has said the more than 100,000 people who have downloaded the file will receive the key to decoding it should anything happen to him or should the site be taken down . Ira Winkler , a former National Security Agency analyst , said the file is nearly impossible to decode without the key . "  If you do n't have the password , there are trillions of potential options of recovering the data , " he said . "  You have to go through trillions and trillions and trillions of options to actually get the right sequence of characters back . So that 's why the password is so important . " But in Washington , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said he has authorized "  significant " actions related to a criminal investigation of WikiLeaks . "  National security of the United States has been put at risk , " Holder said . "  The lives of people who work for the American people have been put at risk . The American people themselves have been put at risk by these actions that I believe are arrogant , misguided and ultimately not helpful in any way . We are doing everything that we can . " Holder declined to answer questions about the possibility that the U.S. government could shut down WikiLeaks , saying he does not want to talk about capabilities and techniques at the government 's disposal . Nor would he say whether the actions involved search warrants , requests under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which authorizes wiretaps or other means , describing them only as "  significant . " "  I authorized just last week a number of things to be done so that we can , hopefully , get to the bottom of this and hold people accountable as they should be , " he said . In Switzerland , meanwhile , WikiLeaks said in a press release that the bank Swiss PostFinance decided to end "  its business relationship " with Assange based on a "  technicality . " The bank said Assange listed Geneva as his home and "  upon inspection , this information was found to be incorrect . " "  Assange can not provide proof of residence in Switzerland and thus does not meet the criteria for a customer relationship with PostFinance , " the bank said . WikiLeaks ' statement said Assange used his lawyer 's address in Geneva for bank correspondence . The account closure -- coupled with the decision by U.S.-based website PayPal to cut off online donations to WikiLeaks last week -- has resulted in losses of 100,000 euros  U.S. $ 133,000  in assets , WikiLeaks said . And in Assange 's native Australia , meanwhile , Prime Minister Julia Gillard told reporters Tuesday that police were investigating whether any of her country 's laws were broken . But she WikiLeaks was "  grossly irresponsible " to have distributed the documents , which a U.S. soldier based in Iraq is suspected of providing to them . "  I 've been asked about this matter a number of times , and I want to be clear about my attitude to it , " she said . Publishing the documents "  is an illegal act that certainly breached the laws of the United States of America . The individual involved , there are potential matters arising from Sweden and the warrant there , " she added . CNN 's Per Nyberg , Matt Smith and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : Australia 's prime minister called the leak "  grossly irresponsible " NEW : Squelching WikiLeaks risks a backlash , software designer says The U.S. attorney general says he has OK 'd "  significant " action against the site A meeting with police is likely "  in the foreseeable future , " Assange 's lawyer says
CNN  -- A tall and beguiling blonde sits alone at the bar of a luxury Middle Eastern hotel . Looking across the lobby she seductively eyes a mustached Arab man . Emboldened by her enticing glances he approaches the bar and they begin chatting . Unbeknown to the man , he has just taken the bait in an elaborate trap that , in a matter of hours , will lead to his death and an international murder mystery . Their conversation is carefully recorded on camera and watched on a monitor by a team of technical experts a short distance away . They carefully assess the movements of their subjects and when the Arab man finally moves away from his new female acquaintance one of the observers cries "  cut ! " The scene -- loosely based on a true story -- is being played out on the set of a new Israeli film called "  The Javelin , " showcasing the unsolved murder of Hamas leader Mahmoud Al-Mabhouh in a Dubai hotel room more than two years ago . Al-Mabhouh , a founding member of Hamas ' military wing , was found dead on January 20 , 2010 . Police believe he was killed the night before by a team of foreign agents , who after tracking al-Mabhouh 's movements from Syria into the United Arab Emirates , entered his hotel room , injected with him a muscle relaxant and then suffocated him . Speaking from the set at an Israeli resort hotel the film 's writer and director Emmanuel Naccache says he was immediately intrigued by the cloak-and-dagger case worthy of an Ian Fleming or John le Carre novel . "  What really fascinated me about this story was that within 5 minutes one morning the whole world accepted one truth , one story which is probably true or maybe true , " Naccache remarked . That widely accepted story is that a group of more than two dozen disguised Israeli agents traveling on stolen passports were part of an elaborate plot by the Mossad spy agency to assassinate al-Mabhouh . Closed circuit cameras in Dubai hotels and airports infamously captured the last known movements of al-Mabhouh and those of his assassins leading Dubai police to assert that they were 100 % certain that the Mossad was behind the plot . A number of governments served Israel with diplomatic rebukes following the murder claiming passports from their countries had been forged as part of the operation . The Israeli government has until this day denied any responsibility for the murder . "  I do n't know if Israel carried out the assassination ... most of us kind of assume it , " Naccache says . But it was the lack of certainty about the facts of the case that prompted Naccache to start writing the script . "  There is the reality that everyone knows or thinks they know from the newspapers , " he explains . "  I want to tell the story slightly different with the same basis , with the same pictures with the same video camera and with the same type of character , but I did it my way . " The film , Naccache says , does not attempt to recreate the known events in the al-Mabhouh case , but rather offers an alternative storyline to the one he says has become widely accepted . Naccache says he tries to answer some frequently asked questions about the assassination plot : Did the assailants want to be seen ? Were they not aware of the ubiquity of closed circuit surveillance cameras in Dubai or did they just not care ? And , did the agents overestimate their own abilities and underestimate the investigative skills of the Dubai police ? This is not the first time the Dubai killing has served as grist for Israeli popular culture . Just weeks after details of the case started emerging , an Israeli supermarket chain produced a television advertisement shot entirely on surveillance cameras with shoppers dressed as the agents in Dubai furtively stalking grocery aisles looking for bargains . "  We call it an assassination of prices ! " the commercial 's director joked at the time , raising questions about the tastefulness of marketing off a murder . Al-Mabhouh 's assassination is not considered a laughing matter in Dubai or Gaza where his family lived , but in Israel the widespread belief that the Mossad was involved in the extra-judicial killing of a man considered to be a terrorist serves as a point of pride for many . Speaking at a media event for the new film , Israeli model-turned-actress Bar Refaeli , who plays a femme fatale impersonating a secret agent , underscored the admiration many in the country feel for those working in the Mossad . "  That 's my secret life dream : I would love to be in the Mossad -- and actually maybe I am -- who knows ? " Refaeli , who is one of Israel 's best-known international faces , says she grew up hearing stories about the exploits of Mossad agents , but she acknowledges the sensitivity of the subject matter and works hard to avoid the politics . "  I do n't want people to think that I am pro or against because it does n't really matter what I think -- I am just playing a role as an actress in a movie that is based on a very interesting story . " An interesting story that is still a mystery . Despite a global search none of the suspects Dubai police identified as Mossad agents has been prosecuted and few are holding their breath for a breakthrough in the case .	New film focuses on unsolved murder of Hamas leader in Dubai hotel in 2010 Police believe Mahmoud Al-Mabhouh was killed by team of foreign agents Dubai police said they were 100 % certain that the Mossad was behind plot Director of "  The Javelin " says he is trying to offer an alternative storyline
COPENHAGEN , Denmark  CNN  -- Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , will host the 2016 Summer Olympic Games , the International Olympic Committee announced Friday . Confetti flies in Rio de Janeiro after the IOC announces the city will host the 2016 games . The announcement brought tears to Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , who dabbed his eyes with a handkerchief several times in a news conference afterward . "  Our hour has arrived , " he said . "  It has arrived . " In Rio , jubilation erupted at the world-famous Copacabana beach , where thousands of people gathered to hear the announcement . Rio organizers promised to start working immediately to make the games a success . "  Maybe some of the people tomorrow can rest , " said Rio 2016 President Carlos Nuzman . "  I 'm not -LSB- resting -RSB- . " Rio beat Madrid , Spain , in the final round . Chicago , Illinois , and Tokyo , Japan , were eliminated in earlier rounds . For Rio , a major appeal was bringing the Olympics to South America for the first time . IOC President Jacques Rogge said in the news conference afterward that in addition to its excellent bid , Rio had the "  extra added value of going for the first time to a continent that 's never had the games . " He also noted that Brazil helped its chances this year when it did not get the 2012 games awarded four years ago . "  Rio remained humble , " he said . "  They wanted to listen , to repair their shortcomings . " More than half of Rio 's Olympic venues are built , including state-of-the-art facilities constructed for the 2007 Pan and Parapan American Games : the magnificent Joao Havelange Stadium  the proposed 2016 venue for athletics  , the Maria Lenk Aquatic Center , the Rio Olympic Arena  which will host gymnastics and wheelchair basketball  , the Rio Olympic Velodrome , the National Equestrian Center and its close neighbor , the National Shooting Center . Rio will hold the games from August 5-21 and its theme will be "  Live your passion . " Watch Brazil delegation celebrate as Rio is announced winner " According to Rio 's bid , the games will be held in four zones with varying socioeconomic characteristics : • Barra , the heart of the games , is an expanding area of Rio that will require "  considerable infrastructure and accommodation development . " It will house the Olympic and media villages and some venues . • Copacabana , a world-famous beach and major tourist attraction , will host outdoor sports in temporary venues . • Maracana , the most densely populated of the zones , will contain an athletic stadium and the Maracana Stadium , which will host the opening and closing ceremonies . Major redevelopment is planned for the zone . • Deodoro has little infrastructure , but the highest proportion of young people . It will require construction of Olympic venues . The city 's bid was helped by a strong economy and guaranteed funding . Brazil 's economy is the 10th largest in the world and predicted to be fifth by 2016 . Brazil told the IOC its commitment to the Olympics could be seen in the investment already under way in Rio . Maracana Stadium will close next year for two years of refurbishment . The areas around it will be renovated , with improved access and transportation links . The entire neighborhood will be reborn , the Rio committee said , to host the final of the 2014 FIFA World Cup . Work is already under way on the ongoing development of the Olympic Training Center , which includes many of the state-of-the-art venues built for the 2007 Pan and Parapan American Games . This was Madrid 's third attempt at hosting the Olympic and Paralympic Summer Games . Madrid presented a "  very capable " bid , with good transportation infrastructure and a number of venues already in place , said Ed Hula , editor of the Olympics Web site Around the Rings . Watch Madrid celebrate making it to final round " Madrid 's chances might have been hampered , however , by a recent tradition that consecutive Summer Olympics are n't staged on the same continent . The London , England , 2012 Olympics will have happened just four years before 2016 . "  Although there 's no rule against it , the IOC has yet to award consecutive summer games to the same continent since 1952 in Helsinki , " Hula said . Chicago was the first city to be eliminated . The announcement -- unexpected by many -- came just hours after President Obama and his wife , Michelle , delivered personal pleas to the Olympic committee praising the virtues of their home city . Watch Obama makes his pitch to IOC " "  You can play a great game and still not win , " Obama said after returning to the White House . "  Although I wish we had come back with better news ... I could not be prouder of my hometown . " Obama said he believed Chicago had made "  the strongest bid possible . " "  I 'm totally stunned . I thought we had a great opportunity , " said former NBA great Michael Jordan . Jordan , who led the Chicago Bulls to six NBA titles , said the city would have been "  perfect for the world to explore . " He said Chicago is "  deserving of an event of that magnitude " and hopes it will try again . U.S. Rep. Danny Davis , a Chicago Democrat , said the loss is "  kind of heartbreaking . ... A tremendous amount of effort has been put into trying to win the bid . " The response around the city was not all negative , however . Many residents are "  almost glad the distraction of the Olympics " wo n't be there , noted CNN 's Ali Velshi , who was in downtown Chicago when the news was announced . Many residents feel it will allow local political and business leaders to "  focus attention back on what Chicago needs to do , " Velshi said . Obama , the first U.S. president to make an Olympic bid in person , was flying back to Washington when the announcement was made . He was disappointed with the outcome but not sorry he made the trip to Copenhagen , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said . The heads of state for the other three finalists also made personal pitches . Spain 's King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia and Spanish President Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero pushed the case for Madrid . Recently elected Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama made a bid for Tokyo . Brazilian President Lula da Silva was joined by soccer legend and Brazilian native Pelé as they advertised the benefits of a Rio games . An animated Lula da Silva , surrounded by Rio supporters , said at a news conference after the announcement , "  Among the 10 major economies of the world , Brazil was the only country that had not received the Olympic and Paralympic Games . For us , it will hardly be our last Olympics . For us , it will be an opportunity to be equal . It will increase self-esteem for Brazilians , will consolidate recent conquests and stimulate new advances . "	International Olympic Committee names Rio de Janeiro as host of 2016 games The final vote was between Rio and Madrid , Spain Chicago and Tokyo were eliminated from contention in earlier voting A city must receive a majority of votes in order to win
CNN  -- Which airline , hotel and rental car rewards programs are worth your while ? With all the mergers and changes in the travel industry , it 's nearly impossible for the occasional traveler to know . The 2014 FlyerTalk Awards highlight companies that still impress the road warriors of the sky . FlyerTalk 's online veterans know the pros and cons of nearly every aspect of travel , including the coveted perks of loyalty programs . That information is especially valuable as many reward programs make it harder to reap their benefits . Delta Air Lines ' plan to award dollars spent rather than miles flown is the latest move in that direction . While there are many industry awards for best travel loyalty programs , "  users of these travel services are better judges of the services than the industry , " says Brent Conver , general manager of FlyerTalk . Thousands of registered FlyerTalk members nominated their favorite programs in December and voted for the winners , which are being announced Wednesday . Here are their picks for best overall airline , hotel and rental car programs and best specific program benefits around the world . Best overall rewards programs American Airlines AAdvantage won for top airline affinity program in the Americas , with United Airlines coming in second place . Starwood 's Preferred Guest program edged out Hilton HHonors in the hotel category . And Hertz Gold Plus Rewards took the rental car honors . Frequent travelers want to turn their airline and hotel points into more travel easily . "  People who are big fans of American say they have the best award availability , and they love that Starwood allows its points to be transferred to different airline programs , " he says . They also love Starwood 's flexibility  in  allowing travelers to use a combination of points and cash to book rooms . In the Europe/Africa category , British Airways Executive Club was voted top airline affinity program . Starwood Preferred Guest and Hertz Gold Plus Rewards both came in first place in this region , as well . Hertz -- which collected several FlyerTalk awards -- also spends a lot of time thinking about their elite travelers , and it shows up in their fan base at FlyerTalk , says Conver . In the Middle East/Asia/Oceania region , India 's Jet Airways JetPrivilege was the surprise winner in the airline affinity program , upsetting the winner for the last two years , Cathay Pacific 's Asia Miles . Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces ' InnerCircle took top hotel honors . And no surprise in the rental car category : Hertz swept all three regions with its Gold Plus Rewards . Best travel reward program benefit  Americas FlyerTalk 's American Airlines AAdvantage members love their Executive Platinum member upgrades . Members get eight free one-way upgrades systemwide upon qualification or re-qualification of elite status . In the hotel benefit race , the love that Marriott Rewards members have for the Concierge Lounge dominates . Their club lounges in the United States offer free food and drink and a dedicated concierge . And once again , Hertz Gold Plus Rewards ' Gold service wins in the rental car benefit category . While Gold service is a package of upgrades including faster reservations , a speedy vehicle pick up process and VIP treatment , it 's packaged together and treated as a single benefit . Best travel reward program benefit  Europe/Africa In the airline awards category , British Airways Executive Club members love their Avios upgrades . British Airways uses distance-based award charts , which allows travelers to trade in fewer miles  called Avios at the airline  for short trips , says Conver . "  British Airways spends a lot of time working with their elite travelers , and they have a fan base , " he says . Travelers love their Hilton HHonors Executive lounge access , naming it the best hotel benefit in Europe and Africa . The lounges offer free food and drink , and none of the lounges are exactly alike . Hertz Gold Plus Rewards program wins again in this category for giving members points toward free rentals or exchange for other programs ' miles or points . Best travel reward program benefit  Middle East/Asia/Oceania Members of Jet Airways JetPrivilege say that program 's top perk allows them to pay cash for domestic award ticket upgrades . Hotel guests voted Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces InnerCircle 's room upgrades the top benefit . FlyerTalk members did n't nominate any car rental benefits in this part of the world . Maybe next year ?	Airlines with flexible and available award tickets got top honors from FlyerTalk Travelers liked hotels with flexible point programs and exclusive lounge access The FlyerTalk Awards are decided by its thousands of registered members
Porto Santo Stefano , Italy  CNN  -- Rescuers reached two trapped honeymooners in the interior of a cruise ship more than 24 hours after it ran aground off a picturesque Italian island , killing three people , injuring 20 and leaving dozens unaccounted for . The South Korean passengers , each 29 , heard searchers calling out on the Costa Concordia , Italy 's ANSA news agency reported early Sunday . They were located in a cabin and taken ashore . Video showed them being taken to a waiting ambulance . The captain of the ill-fated vessel , which turned over on its side after the grounding , was arrested late Saturday and was being investigated for abandoning ship and manslaughter , a local prosecutor said . With perhaps up to 50 people unaccounted for , divers suspended their efforts at dark , with plans to resume the search in the azure waters off the island of Giglio at dawn Sunday . Accounts of the chaos from many of the 3,200 passengers were reminiscent of a maritime disaster 100 years ago this April -- the loss of the RMS Titanic . "  For me , the worst part of the whole ordeal " was when a lifeboat crew member told those boarding that it was "  women and children first , " said passenger Benji Smith of Boston . "  All these families who were clinging to each other had to be separated , " Smith told CNN . Some passengers fell into the chilly waters during the rescue , ANSA reported . Questions abounded : Why was the colossal ship so close to the shore ? How fast was it moving ? How well did the crew respond ? According to many passengers , the evacuation was disorganized and no one seemed in charge . "  Every crew member who walked past shouted instructions , but the instructions contradicted each other , " Smith said . Concordia 's captain , Francesco Schettino , was interviewed earlier Saturday about what happened when the ship struck rocks in shallow water off Italy 's western coast Friday evening , said officer Emilio Del Santo of the Coastal Authorities of Livorno . Local fishermen say the island coast of Giglio is known for its rocky sea floor . Schettino said "  that rock was not indicated on the chart , " according to ANSA . "  Me and the crew , we were the last to abandon ship , " he said . The ship was 2.5 miles off route when it struck the rocky sandbar . "  There are rocks , they are on the maps , " said Capt. Cosimo Nicastro of the Italian Coast Guard . "  What we know is the ship went really close to these rocks . ... We do n't yet know why . " The ship began taking on water Friday evening and the crew kept going because they believed the vessel could normally keep sailing , Nicastro said . Realizing there was a significant safety problem , the commander steered the Costa Concordia closer toward port . Authorities also were looking at why the ship did n't hail a mayday during the accident . "  At the moment we ca n't exclude that the ship had some kind of technical problem , and for this reason moved towards the coast in order to save the passengers , the crew and the ship . But they did n't send a mayday . The ship got in contact with us once the evacuation procedures were already ongoing , " Del Santo said prior to the announcement of the captain 's arrest . Giuseppe Orsina , a spokesman with the local civil protection agency , said 43 to 51 people were missing , though authorities are reviewing passenger lists to confirm the exact figure . "  These people could be still on the island of Giglio , in private houses or in hospitals , " Orsina said . Two French tourists and a crew member from Peru were killed , Port authorities in Livorno said . One of the victims was a 65-year-old woman who died of a heart attack , according to authorities . Nautilus International , a maritime employees trade union , called the accident a "  wake-up call " to regulators . "  Nautilus is concerned about the rapid recent increases in the size of passenger ships -- with the average tonnage doubling over the past decade , " said Nautilus general secretary Mark Dickinson in a statement . "  Many ships are now effectively small towns at sea , and the sheer number of people onboard raises serious questions about evacuation . " Gianni Onorato , president of Genoa-based Costa Cruises , expressed "  deep sorrow for this terrible tragedy , " but said the cruise line was unable to answer all the questions that authorities are now investigating . The vessel , plying the waters from Civitavecchia to Savona , Italy , struck a submerged rock , Onorato said in a statement before the announcement of the captain 's arrest . "  Captain Schettino , who was on the bridge at the time , immediately understood the severity of the situation and performed a maneuver intended to protect both guests and crew , and initiated security procedures to prepare for an eventual ship evacuation , " he continued . "  Unfortunately , that operation was complicated by a sudden tilting of the ship that made disembarkation difficult , " Onorato said . Rosalyn Rincon , a member of the cruise ship staff , said the captain told passengers there was an "  electrical problem . " Concordia was carrying about 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members when it ran aground . "  I 'm not surprised that it  the ship  would wind up tipping like this , " said Neil Gallagher , professor of naval architecture at the Webb Institute on Long Island , New York . "  Something had to go wrong with either the controls or the navigation to get it to this condition . " Chris B. McKesson , adjunct professor of naval architecture at the School of Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering at the University of New Orleans , said , "  from the size of the gash , she must have been steaming at a pretty good pace . " Fear and panic aboard crippled ship Panic spread as people scrambled to find lifeboats in the dark as the ship quickly leaned to one side late Friday . Access to some lifeboats was hampered by the ship 's tilt into the water . With the ship 's staircases flooded , Smith and others made rope ladders to climb from the outer fourth deck to the third . They were eventually rescued more than three hours later by a lifeboat that had returned from dropping passengers ashore . At least three lifeboats , each with a capacity of more than 100 people , apparently malfunctioned due to technical or crew error , Smith said . "  The people manning these boats were just cooks and shopkeepers , " Smith said . Cmdr. Buddy Reams , chief of the U.S. Coast Guard 's Cruise Ship National Center of Expertise , said , "  when it comes to cruise ships , in the event of emergency , cabin stewards or others would have safety roles , " he said . The Coast Guard inspects foreign-flagged cruise ships in U.S. waters twice a year , studying the competency of the crew during fire and abandon-ship drills , Reams said . Many passengers asked why they had not yet received an obligatory safety briefing when disaster struck around dinner time , only hours into their journey . The timing of the safety briefings and muster drills depend on the length of the cruise , Reams told CNN . Many of those rescued in the early hours were taken to small churches and other buildings around the island for shelter . Some were still wearing the pajamas and slippers they had on as the ship went down . Vivian Shafer , a passenger from Maryland , told CNN there was no initial announcement after the vessel began its tilt . Others reported being unable to clearly hear instructions . Once ashore , no one from the crew assisted them , Shafer said . Rather , it was up to islanders . "  There did n't seem to be anybody in charge , " she said . Costa Cruises , owned by parent company Carnival Corp. , said it was focusing on the final stages of the emergency operation and helping passengers and crew return home . "  It is a tragedy that deeply affects our company . Our first thoughts go to the victims and we would like to express our condolences and our closeness to their families and friends , " the line said on its website . The Concordia , built in 2006 , was on a Mediterranean cruise from Rome with stops in Savona , Marseille , Barcelona , Palma de Mallorca , Cagliari and Palermo . Most of the passengers on board were Italian . CNN affiliate America Noticias , in Peru , said a group of 32 Peruvians were also onboard . Brazil 's state-run Agencia Brasil said 53 Brazilians were on the cruise ship . An estimated 126 Americans were also on board , according to the U.S. State Department . There were no reports of injured Americans though the U.S. Embassy in Rome said it was unable to account for all U.S. citizens believed to be on board the ship at the time of the accident . Another Costa ship was involved in a deadly 2010 accident when the Costa Europa crashed into a pier in Egypt 's Sharm el-Sheikh during stormy weather , killing three crew members . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto , Livia Borghese , Michael Martinez , Melissa Gray , Phil Gast and journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	NEW : Two rescued passengers were South Koreans on their honeymoon The captain is being investigated for abandoning ship and manslaughter An estimated 126 Americans were among the 3,200 passengers Scores of people are unaccounted for , but may be at hospitals and shelters
CNN  -- Maj. Gen. Gordon Granger of the Union Army announced to the assembled crowd at Ashton Villa in Galveston , Texas , "  In accordance with a proclamation from the Executive of the United States , all slaves are free . " It was June 19 , 1865 . Never mind that President Abraham Lincoln 's Emancipation Proclamation had been written and read more than two years earlier . Juneteenth , named for the June 19 declaration , started as a celebration of emancipation day in Texas and eventually spread to other states . With celebrations dating back to 1866 , Juneteenth now commemorates the end of slavery in the United States . "  America can not understand its own history unless the African-American experience is embraced as a central factor in shaping who we are and what we have become as Americans , " writes Lonnie G. Bunch , founding director of the Smithsonian National Museum of African-American History and Culture in Washington . By the numbers : Juneteenth Set to open in 2015 , the museum will be the only national museum devoted exclusively to the documentation of African-American life , art and culture . In honor of Juneteenth , the museum helped CNN.com choose six destinations that will enlighten and educate visitors about a complicated period of American history , the road to emancipation . Cumberland Island National Seashore , Georgia . The National Park Service started "  Lands and Legacies " tours of this protected area in 2011 , taking visitors on a rugged full-day tour via motorized vehicles on a single-track dirt road to sites related to African-American life on Cumberland Island . The former plantation on the island belonged to Robert Stafford , who by the 1850s had some 400 enslaved people tending his land and working in his house . The final tour stop is the settlement at the north end of the island built by freed individuals from the Stafford plantation whose descendants remained on the island through the 1960s . In the region : Ossabaw Island , the first Georgia State Heritage Preserve , has a strong African-American history connection , particularly in the three cabins dating between 1820 and 1840 â $ " built from shells , sand , lime and water to house enslaved people . The cabin area is now a historic preservation and archaeological dig site . Rare LIFE photos document segregation in the South Germantown , Pennsylvania . Philadelphia , a birthplace of American independence , was also a city of slave-holders . The 1780 census reported that 6 % of Pennsylvania 's population was enslaved and most of them were living and working in Philadelphia . Although laws abolishing slavery were passed in Pennsylvania that year , their enactment was so gradual that some people were not freed for another 40 years . Cliveden , the 18th-century home of the Chew family , immerses visitors in this part of America 's past in the Philadelphia area of Germantown . Its unusual two-story slave dwelling has been restored and is open to visitors , as is the main house . Cliveden also holds a large archive of Chew family documents that includes household inventories of property  enslaved individuals are among the "  items " listed  and even the measurements of enslaved individuals ' feet for a local shoemaker hired to make their shoes . In the area : The unassuming colonial Johnson House was owned by an abolitionist Quaker family , who made it a "  station " on the Underground Railroad in the 1800s . Today it 's a stop on the "  Quest for Freedom " self-guided driving tours developed by the Pennsylvania Tourism Department . Nicodemus , Kansas . In the years immediately following emancipation , Kansas wanted settlers , and newly freed people in Kentucky wanted a home where they could raise their children in peace and safety . It seemed like the perfect match , but when groups from Kentucky relocated to Graham County , Kansas , in the 1870s , they were stunned by what they found there . "  My husband pointed out various smokes coming out of the ground and said , ` That is Nicodemus . ' The families lived in dugouts . ... The scenery was not at all inviting , and I began to cry , " 30-year-old Willina Hickman wrote in 1878 . What those newly freed people made of the place is the focus of the Nicodemus National Historic Site . The town , incorporated in 1877 and named for an escaped slave , never had a huge population , but it is the oldest surviving African-American town west of the Mississippi . Park ranger tours take in five historic buildings and cover the well-documented history of the town and its people , including Willina Hickman and her husband , Daniel . St. Helena Island , South Carolina . The heart of Gullah culture , this island near Beaufort , South Carolina , is home to the Penn Center , a school , job training facility and a safe haven for freed people as early as 1862 after the Sea Islands were occupied and liberated by Union troops . The strength , unity and continuity of the community , most of whom trace their heritage directly to west Africa , has long been an inspiration , so much so that the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. is thought to have drafted his "  I have a dream " speech while visiting there . Wander through the town of Frogmore , visit studios and shops selling the work of local artists and craftspeople , and sample the lowcountry cooking , derived from traditional African dishes , that has sustained the region for generations . Charleston , South Carolina . "  Charleston looks the way it does because of African-American hands , " notes Deborah L. Mack , associate director for community and constituent services at the National Museum of African American History and Culture . From the silhouettes of the buildings to the characteristic ornamental ironwork that adorns them , African-Americans , both enslaved and free , literally built the city , and their descendants comprise much of Charleston 's population today . "  These are families who have been there for 300 years , and they 're grounded in the community , " Mack says . One neighborhood of interest is Harleston Village , where you 'll find 1820s houses built by Richard Holloway and Morris Brown , free black men who owned the homes as investment properties . Look for the ironwork of master blacksmith Philip Simmons , who learned from master blacksmiths in the early 20th century and carried on Charleston 's ironwork tradition into the 21st century . Charleston is also an excellent place to explore urban Gullah Geechee culture that grew within the communities of enslaved people from west and central Africa â $ " developing and refining its own language and traditions -- and that is very much alive today . Allensworth , California . Westward migration of freed people from the South eventually led to towns such as Allensworth , chartered in 1908 in rural Tulare County . Town founder Col. Allen Allensworth was born enslaved in Kentucky in 1842 and became a military chaplain after the Civil War . What drove him was a desire to nurture self-reliance and security among communities of freed people . The town flourished until the Great Depression , and by the 1970s , only a few residents remained . California designated it a state historic park in 1976 , preserving and restoring the buildings , including Allensworth 's home , Frank Milner 's barbershop , the First Baptist Church and the very first branch of the Tulare County Free Library .	African-Americans , both enslaved and free , built the city of Charleston Nicodemus , Kansas , is oldest surviving African-American town west of the Mississippi St. Helena Island , in South Carolina , was a safe haven for freed people as early as 1862
Beijing  CNN  -- Passengers and crew members thwarted an attempt to hijack a plane in the western Chinese province of Xinjiang , local authorities said Friday . Ten minutes into the flight between the cities of Hotan and Urumqi , six people on board the plane tried to take control of it "  through violence , " a short statement by the provincial police said . The passengers and crew members managed to subdue the alleged hijackers , sustaining minor injuries in the struggle , police said . The plane then returned to Hotan . Once the plane was back on the ground , police took the suspects , all ethnic Uyghurs , into custody . Police later released their names on state media . The government said it plans to honor crew members and passengers who offered help . Two air marshals and two flight attendants were injured , the Civil Aviation Authority in Beijing said . "  During the incident , crew members were brave and resolute , " the authority said . "  The cockpit crew remained calm and landed the aircraft safety at the origin airport . Many passengers were courageous and acted promptly to offer help , highlighting their sense of justice and responsibility as citizens . They played a key role in an emergency situation by safeguarding state security , saving lives and protecting property . " Authorities said the case is still under investigation but operations at the Hotan airport have returned to normal . Uyghurs are Turkic Muslims , a group linguistically , culturally and religiously distinct from China 's majority Han population . Chinese authorities have often blamed militants of Uyghur descent for outbreaks of violence in Xinjiang in recent years , labeling them terrorists . Xinjiang was rocked by the worst violence in decades in July 2009 when rioting between Uyghurs and Han Chinese left nearly 200 people dead and 1,700 wounded in the regional capital , Urumqi . Last year , the authorities carried out a two-month security operation , which ended in October , against violence , terrorism and radical Islam across Xinjiang , a resource-rich region that borders Pakistan , Afghanistan and several Central Asian states . Hijack attempt foiled aboard Turkish Air flight CNN 's Steven Jiang contributed to this report	NEW : The six suspects are ethnic Uyghurs , police say NEW : Two air marshals and two flight attendants are injured NEW : Uyghurs and Han Chinese have had rocky relations NEW : The country plans to honor the crew members , and passengers who offered help
Dresden , Germany  CNN  -- Would n't it be great if you could simply grab carbon dioxide from the air and turn it back into fuel ? According to Germany-based renewable energy start-up Sunfire , you can . "  In fact , the idea has been around since at least the 70s , " says Christian von Olshausen , the company 's Chief Technology Officer . But the process is expensive . "  For as long as fossil fuels have been cheap and readily available , there 's not been sufficient demand , " he adds . Now -- with the world 's finite stock of crude oil on the wane , and amidst pressure to reduce global carbon dioxide  C02  emissions -- the idea of converting those very carbons back into what Olshausen calls "  synthetic fuels " is becoming more financially viable . "  The combustion of synthetic fuel does not increase the amount of C02 in the atmosphere , " he explains . "  This is because the carbon is being continuously recycled . " Synthetic fuel can come in the form of everything from diesel to gasoline to wax . But while the process is simple in theory  see factbox  , it is unwieldy in practice -- demanding ultra-high temperatures which gobble up electricity . "  The operation is only practical now that we have relatively cheap sources of renewable electricity to power it , " says Olshausen . Using conventional electricity was never an option , he adds , after all "  what 's the point of turning carbon into fuel if the electricity you 're using to do it burns up more carbon than you started with ? " But this highlights an uncomfortable fact : Sunfire 's synthetic fuel contains only 70 % of the energy that goes into making it , as heat is lost during the process . So , why waste hard-won green electricity to produce old-fashioned petrol ? Dr. Jeff Hardy is head of the UK 's National Energy Research Network  NERN  . He says that , while all efforts should be made to reduce our dependence on liquid fuels , it may not be possible for some industries : "  The thing with fuel is that it offers very high density energy storage ... for areas like long haul aviation , it 's hard to see what could replace it . " According to the CIA World Factbook , global oil consumption is currently about 30 billion barrels a year . Hardy points out that , even if we reduce our thirst for fossil fuels to just one or two percent of this figure over the next century , we may still need millions of barrels for things like commercial flight that are unable to use electricity for power . Could synthetic fuel really plug that gap ? At present , Sunfire is moving out of the lab and is talking to car and aircraft-makers in the hope of increasing fuel production to an industrial scale . They are aiming for production to hit one barrel a day within the next few years . If that does n't sound like a lot , that 's because it 's not . "  This is going to be a long process , " admits Olshausen . "  I 'd estimate that it will take between one to two decades before we can replace a single digit percent of current demand  for fuel  . " The problem , he says , is developing materials that can resist extraordinarily high temperatures for long periods of time without degrading . "  But we 'll do it , " insists Olshausen . "  Many innovations in the past century , like the car or the computer , have had to overcome seemingly impossible thermodynamic obstacles . " Swiss engineer Dominique Kronenberg is certainly hoping that companies like Sunfire will be successful in the long run . He is chief operating officer of Climeworks , a firm that specializes in capturing carbon from the air . "  The question is , what do we do with the carbon once we 've got it ? " he asks . "  At present , the main markets are quite niche -- things like carbonated fizzy drinks , computer cooling systems and industrial greenhouses . " It 's no surprise then that Kronenberg and his team have been working with Sunfire to flesh out the logistics of a future partnership . The potential market , he says , is a huge and "  much more profitable than storing the carbon underground , that 's for sure . "	German company created process to turn carbon dioxide from air into liquid fuel Theory has been around since 1970s , but implementation too costly until now Process requires ultra-high temperatures , industrial production a long way off Technique could also be used to store electricity captured from wind , solar power
CNN  -- Controversial soccer star Luis Suarez will not be sacked by Liverpool despite his latest biting incident , but he faces a lengthy suspension . The Premier League club said Monday it had fined the Uruguay international for his assault on Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic , and the English Football Association later announced the 26-year-old has been charged with violent conduct . "  It is the FA 's contention that the standard punishment of three matches that would otherwise apply is clearly insufficient in these circumstances , " the ruling body said . Suarez , who was banned seven matches for biting an opponent during a Dutch league game shortly before joining Liverpool in January 2011 , wrestled with Ivanovic before sinking his teeth into the Serbian 's arm during Sunday 's 2-2 draw at Anfield . Photos : Soccer 's most controversial foul play Suarez has until Tuesday to respond to the charge -- if he does n't then the hearing will take place Wednesday . British Prime Minister David Cameron said any punishment for Suarez needs to take into account his high profile and responsibility as a role model . "  It is rightly a matter for the football authorities to consider , " a spokesman said . "  As part of their consideration , I think it would be very understandable if they took into account the fact that high-profile players are often role models . " Liverpool managing director Ian Ayre said team manager Brendan Rodgers will be working with Suarez -- the EPL 's top scorer this season with 23 goals -- to improve his discipline . "  You can see when you speak to him how sorry he is about it and he 's certainly shown quite a lot of contrition to us -- and as part of that , he 's also asked we donate the fine to the Hillsborough Family Support Group , " Ayre said on the club 's website . . Suarez was criticized by former Liverpool captain and manager Graeme Souness for bringing shame on the club the week after the 24th anniversary of the Hillsborough stadium tragedy , in which 96 people were killed . The Hillsborough Families Support Group -- set up to help the victims of the crush that happened during the 1989 FA Cup match between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest -- has accepted the donation , but said it was unhappy about the circumstances . "  I would rather not be accepting the fine from Luis Suarez because I would rather he had not bitten that player , " its chair Margaret Aspinall told the UK Press Association . "  It is an awful thing at any time -- not just this particular week . We could refuse to accept it but it is going to have to go to someone , and he wants to show respect and remorse to the families . " Liverpool police said they would not be taking any further action after talking to Ivanovic , who refused to press charges . Ayre rejected any suggestion that Liverpool would seek to sell Suarez , who was banned for eight matches for racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra in October 2011 and was reprimanded by Rodgers after admitting that he dived during matches -- known as "  simulation " -- to win free kicks and penalties . "  It affects his future in the sense that we have to work with him on his discipline -- but Luis is a very important player to the club , " Ayre said . "  He 's a very popular player with his teammates . He signed a new four-year contract last summer and we 'd all love to see him here throughout that contract . He 's a fantastic player , top scorer and everything we 'd want in a striker , so there 's no change there . "  This is more about getting him back on the right track and it 's largely down to Brendan now to work with him on that side of his character . " Suarez has been warned by his boot sponsor Adidas that he must behave better . "  Adidas takes this type of incident very seriously and does not condone Luis Suarez 's behavior , " it said in a statement Monday . "  We will be reminding him of the standards we expect from our players . " The head of English Professional Footballers ' Association said that Suarez needs help controlling his temper . "  We have to work hard on anger management now . We have trained counselors in this field and we will be offering their services to Liverpool and the player to try to improve matters , " PFA chief executive Gordon Taylor said . Suarez is one of six nominees for the PFA player of the year award -- voted for by his peers -- which will be announced on Sunday . "  His reputation for controversy continues to increase when he can be such a good player , one of the world 's best , so it is a real dilemma now , " Taylor told Sky Sports . Liverpool 's American owners were widely criticized for not taking stronger action after the Suarez-Evra incident , and for allowing former team manager Kenny Dalglish to publicly defend his player while the FA was still investigating and after the verdict was announced . Ayre said he had been in contact with the Fenway Sports Group , which also owns baseball 's Boston Red Sox , about the best way to handle this situation . "  With any incident like this , any major incident at the club , we 're in direct dialogue with the owners , always . I spoke to them last night and they were happy with the way we were handling the matter , " he said Monday .	Luis Suarez fined by his club Liverpool after biting a Chelsea opponent on Sunday The striker has also been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association British Prime Minister says FA must take into account that player is a role model Suarez asked for his fine to be donated to the Hillsborough tragedy families charity
Atlanta  CNN  -- The barricaded suspect in the slaying of an Athens , Georgia , police officer released four of eight hostages Friday night , said Vernon Keenan , director of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation . Keenan said the GBI is in contact with the suspect , who authorities have identified as Jamie Donnell Hood . Hoping to get a message to Hood via local newscasts , Keenan said , "  I want to commit to you , if you come out without a weapon , you will not be harmed . " "  We have a good rapport with him , " Keenan said of Hood , who was in an apartment . Hood is wanted in connection to Tuesday 's slaying of Senior Police Officer Elmer "  Buddy " Christian , 34 , and the wounding of Senior Police Officer Tony Howard , 43 . "  It is our objective to have the safe release of the persons that are in the apartment with him , and then to have the safe surrender of Mr. Hood , " Keenan told reporters earlier . John Bankhead , a GBI spokesman , said Hood has asked negotiators to bring his mother to the scene . He and Keenan both said that children are among the hostages . Keenan would not say how long the hostages had been held and declined to provide any further details . "  There 's too much at stake here , " he said . The incident began Tuesday afternoon on the east side of the city when a vehicle was carjacked , said Hilda Sorrow , a police spokeswoman . Hood , who was believed to be involved , was later seen as a passenger in another vehicle , a red SUV , she said . When Howard stopped that SUV near Sycamore Drive and Atlanta Highway , the man believed to be Hood got out and began shooting , police said . As the gunman ran off , he came across Christian 's patrol car , Sorrow said , and fired into the vehicle . On foot , the gunman eventually reached a highway and carjacked a Chevrolet Prizm , police said . It was later found abandoned , Sorrow said . According to police , Hood is 5 feet , 8 inches tall and weighs about 175 pounds . He has several tattoos , including "  Robert/Dad " on his right arm and "  Mom/Azale " and a heart on his left arm . He was last seen wearing a white shirt with a yellow design and blue jean shorts . Athens , about 70 miles northeast of Atlanta , is home to the University of Georgia . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect Jamie Donnell Hood releases four hostages , an official says He is wanted in connection to Tuesday 's slaying of a Georgia police officer Hood has asked negotiators to bring his mother to the scene
CNN  -- For all the heavy baggage that she carries , Hillary Clinton is walking on water . Ham-fisted attempts by the Republicans to smear her brain have backfired horribly  rightly so ; they were distasteful  , while Republican efforts to hang Benghazi around her neck  Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus tried this weekend  have barely dented her popularity among Democrats . Obama calls her a "  buddy " who would make a "  very effective " president , and the former secretary of state remains clear front-runner for her party 's 2016 presidential nomination . In fact , right now , she 's the only real runner . And that ca n't be healthy -- for democracy , for the Democrats or even for Clinton . How can we be sure she 's running ? Well , the United States might be the only country in the world where a politician signals his or her ambitions by writing a book . This does not , alas , mean that America 's politicians are unusually literate . Often , the book is bad ; usually , it 's ghostwritten ; only occasionally is it worth reading . But it 's generally a sign . The title of Hillary Clinton 's "  Hard Choices " -- out on June 9 and helpfully promoted by a series of interviews with TV 's biggest anchors -- suggests a woman who is trying to make sense of a troubled recent past . Becoming Obama 's secretary of state , Egypt , Libya and the Benghazi fiasco were all arguably "  choices " forced upon her . That they were "  hard " implies an admission that the outcome was far from desirable . Clinton is a potential presidential candidate who has to deal with not just one compromised record but two . First , the Bill Clinton administration ; second , the Obama administration . In both cases , she seems keen to remind us , she was n't technically in charge . Such is the strange ambiguity of Hillary Rodham Clinton . First , she was the co-president and architect of Bill 's most ambitious domestic reforms , the anti-Tammy Wynette . Then , she was the betrayed wife who did stand by her man . Next the liberal senator , the presidential candidate of the overwhelming majority of the establishment , suddenly a primaries loser who had to reinvent herself as Annie Oakley , finally a loyal servant of the President , a man whose abilities she questioned so rudely in the nomination battle . Like Richard Nixon before her , she is one of those politicians who is defined by longevity . Her politics have changed so often that it 's hard to precisely define what Clintonism is anymore , but she has lasted so long in the spotlight that it 's become almost impossible to conceive that someday she wo n't be president . That 2016 is Clinton 's time is reflected in the surprising , even depressing , lack of an alternative . What is Vice President Joe Biden doing with his weekends ? Or Newark Mayor Cory Booker  who has ruled himself out , if you can believe that  ? Or New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo ? Without them , who are we left with ? Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , headed for Iowa but probably not very well known there ? Sen. Elizabeth Warren , sometimes pushed as the working-class Hillary but who would probably be unelectable outside of Massachusetts ? Warren , interestingly , has written a book , too . Contrast this silence with the Republican side . The GOP is weighing up Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush  whether they 've showed any interest in running or not  , and this pre-contest contest gives the impression that all the action is on the right while the Democrats just sit out what remains of Obama 's second term , waiting for the whole thing to come to a dignified end . Stabenow : Why I 'm ready for Hillary And the Republican struggle is attractively philosophical . Paul represents the rise of libertarianism ; Christie channels the spirit of Mayor Richard Daley ; Bush is our generation 's Nelson Rockefeller ; Santorum is running to build heaven on Earth . These people are discussing ideas that will shape the future of the country . Clinton is talking largely about herself . Of course , two years is almost an eternity in politics , and things might change . At pretty much this point in the 2008 contest , Clinton also commanded a lead over her opponents and looked set to win the nomination -- and we all know what happened come Iowa . She is a different kind of politician now , having built statesman status with her time as secretary of state . But headed into her second go at the nomination after over 20 years of dominating the national stage , it 's possible that many voters will simply decide that they want a change . Is America really so locked in its partisan , elitist politics that would tolerate another Clinton vs. Bush campaign ? Those who think continuity is unhealthy in a democracy might judge not .	Tim Stanley : Hillary Clinton bashed by GOP , praised by Obama and still front-runner He says she has new book , top anchors interviewing her ; this usually signals candidacy She must deal with two compromised records , with two administrations , he says Stanley : GOP weighing many candidates . Dems offering one . Do voters want another Clinton ?
CNN  -- With Republicans gathering in Tampa , Florida , for their party 's convention , here are a few facts about the Grand Old Party 's party : Convention timing • 2012 marks the fifth time that the two major party conventions have been held on back-to-back weeks . This also happened in 1912 , 1916 , 1956 , and most recently in 2008 . Early convention milestones • The first Democratic convention was held in Baltimore in 1832 . Twenty-two of the 23 states sent delegates as President Andrew Jackson was nominated for a second term . • The first Republican convention was held in Philadelphia in 1856 . Nearly 600 delegates participated , representing all of the Northern states , the border states of Maryland , Delaware , Kentucky , and Virginia  as well as D.C.  . There were no delegates from the Southern slave states . 8 ways faith will matter at the Republican National Convention • At its 1832 convention , the Democratic Party established the now famous tradition of the presidential roll call vote , passing a resolution requiring that "  the majority of the delegates from each state designate the person by whom the votes for that state shall be given . " • The Democrats issued their first party platform at their 1840 convention  also in Baltimore  . The platform contained fewer than 1,000 words . Noteworthy GOP convention speeches • In 1992 , Pat Buchanan declared , "  There is a religious war going on in our country for the soul of America . It is a cultural war , as critical to the kind of nation we will one day be as was the Cold War itself . " The speech rallied conservatives , but is widely assumed to have alienated moderates . • At the 1960 Republican convention in Chicago , Arizona Sen. Barry Goldwater proclaimed , "  Let 's grow up , conservatives . If we want to take this party back , and I think we can some day , let 's go to work . " Four years later , Goldwater captured the Republican nomination . A few memorable convention moments • In 1952 , Gen. Douglas MacArthur became the first war hero to deliver a major party 's keynote address . MacArthur biographer William Manchester writes that the "  delegates were babbling so much among themselves that the general could scarcely be heard . " Notable Republican convention fights • In 1976 , an early indication of President Gerald Ford 's eventual victory over challenger Ronald Reagan came when the Reagan forces narrowly lost a vote that would have forced Ford to name his running mate before the presidential roll call vote . • In 1952 , Illinois Sen. Everett Dirksen caused an uproar when , during his speech , he charged New York Gov. Thomas E. Dewey and other moderates with taking the GOP "  down the path to defeat . " Dewey 's  and Dwight Eisenhower 's  followers booed Dirksen , Dirksen 's  and Sen. Robert Taft 's  supporters booed Dewey , and fist fights broke out on the floor . The convention ultimately nominated Eisenhower over the more conservative Taft after a dispute over several contested Southern delegations was settled in favor of Eisenhower . John King : Convention goal is changing voters ' view of Romney • In 1932 , a proposed platform plank calling for the repeal of Prohibition was defeated by a vote of 690 - 460 . • In 1860 , Abraham Lincoln was nominated on the third ballot , surprising supporters of New York Sen. William H. Seward , who had entered the convention expecting an easy victory on the first ballot . The convention delegates were influenced by a large number of Lincoln supporters , who packed the convention hall after receiving counterfeit tickets from Lincoln 's campaign workers . CNN 's Keating Holland , Alan Silverleib and Robert Yoon contributed to this report	2012 is the fifth time the two major conventions have come on back-to-back weeks Democrats issued their first party platform at their 1840 convention in Baltimore Barry Goldwater in 1960 : "  Let 's grow up , conservatives . " In 1860 , Lincoln supporters packed the hall after receiving counterfeit tickets
London  CNN  -- Is it a bird ? A bow ? A pretzel ? The hat worn by Britain 's Princess Beatrice to last month 's royal wedding created a stir , spawning numerous blog posts and even a Facebook page with more than 140,000 fans . Now , Beatrice has donated the "  unique sculptural celebratory headpiece " to be auctioned online , with proceeds to benefit charities for children . With more than six days left to go in the auction on eBay.com , bidding stood at 11,000 British pounds Sunday , or about $ 17,800 , with 43 bids placed . "  I 've been amazed by the amount of attention the hat has attracted , " Beatrice is quoted as saying in the auction listing . "  It 's a wonderful opportunity to raise as much money as possible for two fantastic charities . I hope whoever wins the auction has as much fun with the hat as I have . " Beatrice , the daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson , the duchess of York , wore the rose-colored hat to the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton on April 29 . It was designed by milliner Phillip Treacy . "  A truly individual , fun but elegant wedding bow becomes the fascinator form , " says the description in the auction listing . "  This statement piece is worn on the front hairline secured by a clear wire headband that is easily disguised by the wearer 's hair . This is a gravity-defying hat . " The listing also shows some of the tongue-in-cheek photos created and posted online , such as one with a cat crawling through the front of the hat . It also inspired a tribute song and a Facebook page , "  Princess Beatrice 's ridiculous Royal Wedding hat . " Proceeds from the auction , which ends May 22 , benefit The Little Bee Initiative , a campaign set up by the princess to benefit UNICEF UK and Children in Crisis , according to the listing . "  I 've been surprised by the overwhelming response to ` the hat , ' " Treacy said in the auction listing . " ... I 'm delighted , flattered and touched by HRH Princess Beatrice 's decision to donate the hat to charity . I hope that people all over the world will be generous and that this hat will benefit many . " The auction is being managed by Auction For A Cause , an auction management service that specializes in "  high-profile promotional auctions for charities , nonprofit organisations and brands , " according to the listing 's frequently asked questions . Bidders must be preapproved , according to the listing , and at least 18 . Reaction to the auction on the hat 's Facebook page was positive . "  Good on you , Beatrice , for auctioning it for charity , " one woman wrote .	The hat caused a stir at last month 's wedding It is being sold on eBay to benefit two children 's charities Beatrice says she is "  amazed " by the attention the hat has received
CNN  -- â $ ªIndia : you either love it or hate it . Or one day you wake up and realize where you fit into India and where India fits into you . The country of 1.2 billion draws more than 7 million tourists a year , but there 's far more to gain than spiritual enlightenment and an expanded waistline . Home to 28 states and 7 union territories , India contains more than 800 dialects and can lay claim to some of the most varied sites in the world . From Kerala 's backwaters to Tamil Nadu 's temples , and Rajasthan 's deserts to Kanchenjunga , the third highest mountain in the world , there are endless superlatives to go around . Here are 10 . More : 10 things Italy does better than anywhere else 1 . Barbers In India , a simple hair cut is anything but . Barbers will take their scissors to wayward eyebrows , tufts of ear hair and nostrils . That 's just the beginning . Once the customer is shorn , wet-wiped and toweled off , barbers begin a firm head , neck and shoulder massage , which can descend into facial slapping and skull-pounding known as "  champi , " which is where the word "  shampoo " comes from . Be warned : their signature move is a swift neck crack , which can come as a shock to first-timers . More : Insider Guide : Best of Mumbai 2 . Enterprising street vendors India 's street vendors sell the usual wares , from fake DVDs to earrings to bags of masala popcorn and roasted peanuts . But there 's also ear-cleaning , street dentistry and pavement astrology . Vendors possessing the presence of mind to seize any opportunity -- last year when Starbucks opened in Mumbai , the queues were so long , a tea-vendor set up shop outside and sold his wares to waiting customers . More : 10 classic Indianisms : ` Doing the needful ' and more 3 . Old world train travel This year marks 160 years since the birth of Indian Railways , which carries more than 20 million passengers a day along 65,000 kilometers of track . Thundering through cities , inching past villages , snaking along coastlines and climbing mountains , the network of toy trains , luxury trains , Shatabdi speed trains and commuter trains is lovingly known as "  the lifeline of a nation . " In terms of safety , however , there 's still far to go , owing to the trains ' decrepit state , unmanned crossings and lack of government attention . Tip : travelers should choose the new derailment-proof Duronto trains -- there 's no better way to see the country . More : 10 things the U.S. does better than anywhere else 4 . Notorious celebrities Hollywood stars have nothing on Bollywood stars when it comes to entourages , paparazzi and fanatic followings . They might endorse skin-lightening creams , produce terrible films and become embroiled in one scandal after another , but almost nothing ca n't dim their stardom . Current fave Sunny Leone -- a former pediatric nurse trainee in Orange Country turned porn star and now mainstream actress -- is the most searched celebrity on the Internet , racking up 35 million searches in India this year . 5 . Accessorizing From Hyderabad pearls to Jaipuri gems , intricate Indian jewelry is coveted the world over , and local women are usually dripping in it . In the markets in Rajasthan , maids sweep temples and Rabari tribeswomen in Gujarat effortlessly carry buckets , mop floors and balance heavy loads -- all while wearing five-inch diameter nose rings , toe-rings , glass bangles to the elbow and gold necklaces swinging by their bellies . More : India 's palace hotels 6 . Comfort food From Mumbai 's Mohammed Ali Road for kebabs to Amritsar 's Lawrence Road for Makhan Fish , India 's addictive food leaves no room for worries over waistlines . Steaming chicken kathi rolls , crunchy sweet and sour bhel puri or creamy lassi from even the starkest of roadside shacks are bewilderingly tasty and satisfying . 7 . Gesticulating India has more than 800 dialects , but it 's the head-shaking and wrist-flicking gestures that are the most dramatic means of communication and an inherent part of an Indian 's genetic makeup . In South India , pointing a thumb toward the mouth can mean anything from "  what do you want ? " to "  have you eaten ? " To make matters more confusing , Indians will often shake their heads from right to left to signify that they are , in fact , following what you 're saying and agreeing , rather than disagreeing . 8 . Obsessing over cricket When the British left India , they left two real legacies : the railways and cricket . Not just the preserve of the upper classes wearing club ties , drinking Pimms and eating cucumber sandwiches , cricket in India is a way of life , enjoyed by every class , age and sex , while cricketers are revered as gods . Watching a live Indian Premier League match is a nighttime floodlit spectacle featuring semi-clad cheerleaders , fog horns , fireworks in the crowds , drummers and , of course , with a brand value of just less than $ 3 billion , a lot of extravagantly rich cricket players . More : 9 of the world 's most heated rivalries  including India vs. Pakistan cricket 9 . Festivals With so many religions and cultures existing side by side in India , it 's rare for a week to go by without some sort of celebration . Indians will normally extend invitations to anyone and everyone from next door neighbors to stray travelers who they may have met that morning on a train . It 's wise to bring along a change of clothes when invited to share mutton biryani during Eid or set off Lakshmi banger fireworks in the street at Diwali or be doused in colored water during Holi , the festival of spring . More : 10 classic Indianisms : ` Doing the needful ' and more 10 . Cities in the mountains India 's cities in the mountains , or "  hill stations , " are walkers ' havens . Less well known than other hill stations , Matheran is one of many we love . Hidden between the jungle-topped Sahyadri hills 80 kilometers east of Mumbai , it was originally used by the British to escape the Bombay heat , and is free from fume-spewing vehicles while being accessible on horseback , on foot or by the narrow-gauge toy train that trundles along tiny tracks . Recommended : picnicking on Charlotte Lake , lookouts at Celia Point and chikki  a sweet made from groundnuts and jaggery  at Nariman Chikki Mart . Editor 's note : An earlier version of this piece incorrectly stated India 's inbound tourism data . According to the UNWTO , in 2012 India had 6.649 million tourist arrivals .	Head-shaking and wrist-flicking gestures are part of an Indian 's genetic makeup Indian women can do the most difficult of tasks while dripping with jewelry Indian Railways carries more than 20 million passengers each day and marks its 160th anniversary this year
CNN  -- Convertibles are selling well at the Mercedes Benz dealership in Sendai in North Japan . This seems odd , because Sendai is hardly the kind of place you imagine driving around with the top down . The temperature is in single-digits for five months of the year and it 's even colder if you drive towards coast . Yet Tsutomu Ishihara , the president of Mercedes dealership Yanase Tohoku , says he sold 16 cars in August and September . In fact , most of his models are selling well , with business up 50 % over a year ago . He 's hardly alone . In the aftermath the March 11 earthquake and tsunami , business across Sendai is experiencing a reconstruction bounce . Thanks to an influx of construction workers , evacuees and government compensation money , Sendai has become the hub of Japan 's recovery economy , the outlier in the midst of struggling coastal towns that are just beginning to rebuild . Beyond the influx of reconstruction funds , the disaster has helped open the purse strings of people in the afflicted areas . In the face of such much death , why save ? "  The consumers ' mindset has changed after the quake , " Ishihara said . "  People used to try not to spend so much and save money , but after the quake ,  they  spend more on luxurious cars , also because the stock market and exchange market are not doing well now . " Sendai is an exception . Japan saw its current account -- the sum of inbound versus outbound trade -- hit a record $ 5.4 billion deficit last month , according to government figures released Thursday . For Japan 's export-driven economy , it 's a change of fortune that underlines the economic troubles of the past year . Analysts say much of Japan 's trade deficit comes from increased importation and prices for natural gas and oil , which has increased in use since much of the nation 's nuclear power supply has been taken offline . Getting the auto industry back on the road "  One year on from the earthquake , Japan 's economy remains deeply affected by the disaster , " Takehide Kiuchi , chief economist of Nomura Securities , wrote in a recent research report . Views of the potential economic impact at the time of the disaster "  ranged from extremely optimistic to extremely pessimistic , " Kiuchi wrote , but both now seem wide of the mark . Darker expectations foresaw widespread civil unrest , wholesale layoffs among Japanese companies and a slump in consumer spending -- none of which came to pass . On the other hand , hopes that reconstruction would alleviate the twin forces that have been hurting the economy -- the rising value of the yen and persistent deflation -- did not occur , either , Kiuchi notes . "  Looking back at the progress made with reconstruction over this last year , we get a clear sense of the strength of Japan 's private sector , " Kiuchi said . "  Japanese companies have shown amazing speed in addressing the supply chain problems that have arisen , particularly in the auto part sector , and these issues have been brought to a swift resolution . " The government response , however , is another story . "  In contrast to the great efforts made by the private sector , the response of the authorities has left much unresolved , " Kiuchi said . "  In the aftermath of the earthquake , the ruling and opposition parties were expected to form a government of national unity , but this never came to fruition . " Japanese PM says ` many lessons learned ' One of Japan 's wealthiest men and the founder of retailer Uniqlo , Tadashi Yanai , feels the events of March 11 served as a wakeup call to the Japanese about the precarious state of the economy . "  We spend double of what we make . Our administrative structure is the most inefficient in the world . This can not continue , " he said . He hopes the rebuilding will not be a return to the old ways , but an opportunity to reform the government and make Japan 's economy more integrated with the outside world . Still , in Sendai , business is booming . Builder Noburu Sato describes the non-stop calls from people who need to rebuild their homes . "  Honestly speaking , I developed a heart problem in the beginning , because I got so many calls , " he says . "  My phone did n't stop ringing . " Before the earthquake , many of his competitors had left the construction industry . Now , the only limiting factor is workers , who are coming from as far as Kobe or Nigata in pursuit of work . Builders say there is enough work to last them ten years . One man 's battle to revive the fishing industry The recovery workers , from laborers to construction executives , are also spending , bringing business for Sendai 's hotels , bars and restaurants . The manager of a capsule hotel in downtown Sendai says his business is twice what it was a year ago , with no shortage of men willing to pay around $ 45 to use the baths and occupy a tiny room for the night . Many say there is also a change in attitude towards spending , with locals flocking to luxury stores in a way they did n't see before the quake . Sales at large retail stores were up 10 % last quarter . "  We used to think , ` let 's wait ' even though we wanted to buy , " says one shopper , carrying a bag from Louis Vuitton . "  But after such experience we learned that such an idea was no use . "	City of Sendai is center of Japan 's recovery economy Itinerant construction workers fill hotels , consumer spending also up Goes against Japan 's wider economic troubles Japan 's current account hit record $ 5.4 billion deficit last month
CNN  -- After celebrating his 75th anniversary last year and getting rebooted for the big screen , what would DC Comics do for an encore for the Man of Steel  at least until his next movie , "  Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice "  ? Bring in fan favorite writer and DC Chief Creative Officer Geoff Johns and fan favorite artist John Romita Jr.  "  Amazing Spider-Man , " "  Kick-Ass "  for starters . Johns made his mark by reinventing Green Lantern and has since done the same for Aquaman , to much acclaim . Romita , meanwhile , is comic book royalty . Not only did he work on Spider-Man , his father did in the early days of the character as well . This new supercreative team has built up anticipation among fans for "  Superman " # 32 , which hits stores on June 25 . The issue introduces Ulysses , who is something of an equal , and a reflection of Superman . But perhaps not is all as it seems . Meanwhile , Perry White tries to get Clark Kent to return to the Daily Planet . CNN spoke to Romita about diving into the world of the Last Son of Krypton . DC Comics is owned by Time Warner , which also owns CNN . CNN : What was it like when you first started work on Superman ? Romita : There was a self-imposed nervousness , and I felt intimidated . No one gave me the impression that it was daunting , I just do that myself . I get nervous anticipation when I get ready to play softball , so this was the same thing . Honestly , everybody was very encouraging . My father signed off on it , saying "  Yeah , try something different . " But my mind started to collapse on itself . Once I started , I felt much more comfortable in it . Once I got the pencil to paper , and read the amazing script , I felt so much more comfortable . CNN : Have you tried to put your own take on Superman ? Romita : Not necessarily . One drawback to drawing Superman is it 's been done so many times that you ca n't really differentiate the style . I just wanted him to look 6-foot-5 and 250 pounds of solid muscle . You ca n't go light on that . You have to give him that powerful presence . You tweak the body language and the weight on the floor . There 's a strict way the face should look , the hair is drawn a certain way . The only thing I like to do is convey the weight and the power of the figure , especially with a character like this . I was told to draw Spider-Man in a very awkward sort of way because he 's not a very graceful character . And here we have this very graceful , elegant , powerful character . When he flies there 's the cape behind him and all that . This is the whole ball of wax . CNN : Do you have plans to change Superman in some way down the road ? Romita : That will possibly happen later on . Right now , we 're following through on the costume designed by Jim Lee . While there are limitations to redesigning Superman 's costume , his costume will be destroyed eventually , because he 's doing cosmic stuff . But remember , we 're dealing with the big S on the front , the big S on the back and the cape , so we 'll be careful not to get too far from that iconic figure . However , it does n't mean I ca n't throw in some influence the way Jim Lee did on his . CNN : Now that you 've had the chance to work on him , do you have new insight into why Superman has lasted 76 years ? Romita : I could n't tell you why anything lasts that long , other than that it 's a great representation of a hero . The way the character has been done all these years had its ups and downs like any series . Recently , the past 20 years , it 's been done how it should be done : he does fail , he does get the snot beat out of him . I think that 's the key to the character because none of us are infallible . His weak point over the past 76 years is when he was infallible . The realization that this is a superhero to the nth degree that has to struggle with real life is what comics are all about . CNN : Do you have a favorite supporting character ? Romita : Out of the normal , down-to-earth characters , I 'd like to see what happens with Lois , because she 's a bit different now . I like the female characters because I feel like it 's more difficult for male artists and writers to handle the female characters . Jimmy Olsen is a real kid , Lois is a real hustler at work . There 's a new character I 'd never seen before named Jackee , and I 'd like to see how we explore her .	Geoff Johns and John Romita Jr. begin their run on "  Superman " starting with issue # 32 Romita is the son of acclaimed Spider-Man artist  and a Spider-Man artist himself Romita admits to being nervous about taking on Superman New characters will be introduced , along with the new take on the Man of Steel
PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are preparing for their face-off in Pennsylvania -- where the demographics appear to play in Clinton 's favor and voters might be less receptive to Obama 's message of "  change . " Sen. Hillary Clinton lags behind Sen. Barack Obama in the popular vote and in pledged delegates . "  Two million residents over the age of 65 ... a very heavily unionized state ... a lot of Catholics in this state ... women in Pennsylvania vote at a higher rate than men in Pennsylvania , " said John Baer of the Philadelphia Daily News . Clinton also has family roots in Pennsylvania . Her father , Hugh Rodham , was the son of a factory worker from Scranton , according to the Clinton campaign . Obama 's emphasis on change might not be on the forefront of voters ' minds in Pennsylvania . More than three-quarters of the people who live in Pennsylvania were born there . "  It speaks to a state where change is n't an important element in day-to-day life , " Baer said . And pollster Terry Madonna points out -- Pennsylvania 's makeup resembles places that have been good to Clinton . Watch more on Pennsylvania 's Democratic voters " "  The eastern part of Pennsylvania is more like New Jersey , and the western part is more like Ohio , and she won both of them , " Madonna said . The question now : Does Obama have a chance in the state ? "  The only way that Sen. Obama can do better than losing this state by 5 to 8 percent is if he is able to capture the imagination of new voters , " Baer said . Strategists say Obama could win Pennsylvania the same way Gov. Ed Rendell beat Bob Casey in the 2002 Democratic gubernatorial primary -- by sweeping Philadelphia and its suburbs . There 's only one problem : Rendell has endorsed Clinton and is working hard to deliver his state for her . Clinton 's strongest argument for her nomination is that she can win states such as Pennsylvania . Watch more on the upcoming contests " "  I 've won the big states . I 've won the states that a Democrat has to win , " she has said . Watch Clinton discuss the economy in Pennsylvania " That argument disappears if she loses Pennsylvania . "  I think that would effectively end her campaign , " Madonna said . Harry VanSickle , commissioner of the state 's Bureau of Commissions , Elections and Legislation , told CNN Radio this week that the state had a little more than 4 million registered Democrats and 3.2 million Republicans eligible for the April 22 primaries . Monday was the deadline to sign up to vote in the primary . A resident must be a registered Democrat to vote in the Democratic primary , where 158 delegates are at stake . VanSickle noted Pennsylvania had 8.2 million total registered voters at the time . The math shows 49 percent of Pennsylvania voters were registered Democrats as of Monday , compared with 39 percent for Republicans . The primary registration numbers will not be final until later in the week , as officials accept mail-in forms postmarked by Monday . The executive director of Philadelphia 's Republican City Committee says the Democratic primary has hit his city like a hurricane . "  There appear to be tens of thousands of new registered Democrats in Philadelphia County . We 're not sure exactly , you know , where they came from or why they have n't shown up on the radar before , " said Alan Schmidt . E-mail to a friend CNN Radio correspondent Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	Sen Hillary Clinton banking on win in Pennsylvania , where governor backs her Columnist : Sen. Barack Obama can win only by capturing "  imagination of new voters " Official : Majority of voters on the state rolls are registered as Democrats
Beverly Hills , California  CNN  -- Whether inside or outside the Beverly Hilton hotel where singer Whitney Houston died Saturday afternoon , the grief and shock were the same . They were just expressed differently -- by the famous indoors and by the everyday fan outdoors . Inside the hotel that occupies a full block , the music industry 's biggest names gathered in elegant attire for an annual pre-Grammy party that had been long planned by Houston 's mentor , Clive Davis . But a party just did n't seem right , participants said as they walked down the red carpet . Some , like songwriter David Foster , thought twice about attending a gala at the same hotel where 48-year-old Houston died in her room just hours earlier . "  We debated whether to come tonight and we realized it was going to continue and it was going to be a memorial , " Foster said . "  It 's just shocking , " he said of the death . When the party started , legend Tony Bennett listed the names of great entertainments who recently died : Michael Jackson , Amy Winehouse , and now "  the magnificent Whitney Houston , " he said . Bennett then made a well-understood reference to Houston 's past problems with drugs , and he called on "  everyone to get our government to legalize drugs " so persons do n't have to get it from "  gangs " under the table , he said . The country needs to "  legalize drugs like they did in Amsterdam , " Bennett added . He then sang "  How Do You Keep the Music Playing " and received a standing ovation with the last line : "  Hope the music never ends . " Davis opened his remarks about the "  unspeakably tragic news of our beloved Whitney 's passing . " Davis has long hosted a party the day before the Grammy Awards , the music industry 's most celebrated event . "  I do have a heavy heart , and I am personally devastated by someone so close to me for so many years , " Davis told the gathering of artists and entertainers . "  My heart goes out to her daughter Bobbi Kristina and her mother , Cissy , " Davis said . Houston 's mentor then asked for a moment of silence , saying , "  We dedicate this evening to her . " Outside , as a coastal chill settled over people who gathered until the small hours of Sunday morning , fans and media flocked to two places : the front and back entrances of the sprawling hotel complex . In between , they laid roses and flickering candles . At the front entrance , a Beverly Hills police officer pushed back mourners and journalists from the entryway and said that they had to stand on the public sidewalk , pointing to the line dividing public space and private property . Many of the 100 persons carried the flame of a candle . Singing accompanied the vigil , including such Houston standards as "  The Greatest Love of All . " One singer , Pepper Mashay , who met Houston once about 10 years ago , started singing "  My Love is Your Love " in memory of Houston . Mourners , as well as journalists , immediately started recording video of the sidewalk performance on their cameras or smart phones . Mashay remarked how Houston struggled with drug problems . "  Pain -- they 're carrying a lot of pain , " Mashay said about Houston 's drug woes . "  It could be relationships from the past . All we can say is that she 's at peace now . " Then Mashay added , remembering that Houston has a teenaged daughter : "  There 's a teenager out here who 's lost her mother . " But it was at the back of the hotel -- at the service entrance -- where the largest group of fans , mourners , media and paparazzi gathered . About 200 persons assembled on the ficus-tree-lined sidewalk . Everyone was waiting for whether Houston 's body was going to taken away by authorities through the service door . A police vehicle marked "  Crime Lab " was parked at the door , also joined by a large truck marked "  rental " -- which conveniently shielded off spectators from the best view of the entrance . The rear door was also being used by artists such as Tony Bennett and Jennifer Hudson attending Davis ' party . The entertainers apparently were seeking to avoid the public , but it hardly worked Saturday night . At one point , a woman in the crowd shouted : "  Alicia ! " as singer Alicia Keys walked by . The throng surged . Paparazzi and fans with cameras pushed the hardest to get to the front of the line , where the public sidewalk met the private driveway . Keys entered the back of the hotel , and then the pack of spectators eased and resumed friendly conversation in the cool night air beside the seven-foot tall bushes . Some fans wept , as they played Houston 's music videos on their smartphones . One fan , Tya Conerly , 31 , just had to stop by the hotel , even tough she , her girlfriend and Conerly 's daughter should have been making the two-hour drive back home to San Diego . Conerly 's daughter , Isreal , turned 11 years old on Saturday , and the group of three drove to Los Angeles to do some shopping and have a celebratory dinner for Isreal 's birthday . It was also a celebration of Conerly 's 31st birthday on Friday . But when Conerly 's girlfriend , Crystal James , 26 , received a phone call from her father saying that Houston had died , none of the three could believe it . Conerly thought it was another Twitter rumor of a celebrity 's death , and she used her phone to check it out the information . She found that Houston had indeed died -- at the Beverly Hilton . The day become a birthday that Isreal will never forget , she said . So the two women and girl visited the hotel -- and decided to join the crowd at the back door , wondering when the coroner or police would remove Houston 's body . "  We just wanted to come by and show some support , " Conerly said under a towering ficus tree by the rear driveway . "  It 's just so sad , " she added . Then she referred to Houston 's history of drug abuse . "  Everyone has their own demons , and some overcome them and some never do , " Conerly stated . "  Sometimes life gets the best of us . "	Inside the Beverly Hilton Hotel , entertainers hold a long planned pre-Grammy party Tony Bennett says it 's time to "  legalize drugs like they did in Amsterdam " Outside the hotel , mourners gather to sing Houston 's songs "  Sometimes life gets the best of us , " one fan says of Houston 's early death
CNN  -- Whenever anything involves the "  Star Wars " franchise , there are certain expectations that need to be met to satisfy die-hard , and even casual , fans . So when a new video game wants to bring "  Star Wars " to life like never before , that 's setting the bar really high . "  Kinect Star Wars " tries to use the power of the Kinect controller for the Xbox 360 to put players into the action , using full-body motions to wield lightsabers , drive podracers and , unfortunately , dance for Jabba the Hutt . The game has a few high points but also has more disappointments than a bad motivator on a defective R2 unit . There are five sections to the game , offering different styles of gameplay and a complete campaign in each . One section , Duels of Fate , is locked at the very beginning , but quickly unlocks after players complete the first mission in the Jedi Destiny section . Jedi Destiny is where players learn how to use their body movements to control the Force and use their lightsaber . Players start out as training Padawans  those who are just learning how to use the Force  and are quickly thrust into a conflict with the Sith . When the Kinect controller works , the actions are seamless and fluid . The animations look somewhat similar to what you 'd see in a "  Star Wars : Clone Wars " cartoon , which means they are easy on the eyes and familiar . Force actions are fun to use . Grabbing a battle droid with the Force and flinging it into a group of its mates is quite enjoyable . However , when the Kinect controller failed to read my actions properly , no amount of flailing in front of my screen would alleviate my frustration . More often than not , I could n't control the action as well as I would have liked , and I ended up many times just wading into groups of enemies and waving my lightsaber around . There are times during Jedi Destiny when you control a speeder , gun turret or X-wing fighter for battles , but the controls seem sluggish and make it difficult to accurately pinpoint shots . Rancor Rampage was probably the most fun out of all the segments . Players act as a freed rancor  Remember him ? The monster in the pit at Jabba 's lair ?  and get to smash people , droids and buildings with abandon . Here is where flailing about actually works to your advantage . The rancor smashes the ground to level opponents , charges through buildings with abandon and , yes , eats people to gain health . The controls felt responsive to the appropriate moves , providing the best one-to-one movement experience out of all the game segments . The podracing section is pretty straightforward . Players act as the driver and use their motion to control speed , direction and ramming abilities . The storyline occurs years after Anakin Skywalker won his race in "  Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace , " but many of the characters are still around and add some great dialogue in between races . The feel of being in a podracer is well animated and would be fun , except that holding your arms out continually to control your racer gets tiring and painful . The races are rather long , and you 'll need to take breaks often just to rest your shoulders . Galactic Dance Off is the least "  Star Wars " - like segment of the entire game . It is pretty much any Kinect dancing game , given a "  Star Wars " coating . Modern dance songs are slightly tweaked to include "  Star Wars " characters or plot points . Some of the dance moves are named after Force moves , and even iconic characters are dragged onto the dance floor . From a straight gameplay perspective , the dancing works and will be enjoyable to those who like those games . For someone hoping to have a "  Star Wars " experience , the Dance Off is best avoided . It seemed to be more game padding than substance . Duels of Fate puts you in one-on-one lightsaber battles with different foes from "  Star Wars " lore , advancing your way through the ranks to face off against the dark lord himself , Darth Vader . If any part of the game was going to appeal to fans , it was going to be this one . However , this segment is plagued by the same problems found in Jedi Destiny . The motions appear off at times , it is hard to string together actions for a successful hit , and the feel of the action is less than enjoyable . Overall , "  Kinect Star Wars " has so much going on that it 's is likely to have something that appeals to almost any style of gamer . It is just unfortunate that the two areas where the gameplay actually works best are the two segments that do the worst job representing the "  Star Wars " canon . Maybe we expect too much from a "  Star Wars " title when we want it to reflect exactly what we 've seen in the movies and television . Maybe our imagination 's desire to put ourselves in the place of Luke Skywalker or Darth Maul ca n't successfully be translated into a video game . The right ideas are here for what could have been a fulfilling experience . However , the Kinect controller , for all the good that it does in other titles , lets the player down and does n't see through with the promise of a new hope for the gamer/fan experience . "  Kinect Star Wars " is available now exclusively for the Xbox 360 and can be played only using the Kinect controller . It is rated "  T for Teens " because of mild language , mild suggestive themes and violence . This review was done playing on the Xbox 360 with the Kinect controller .	There are five sections to "  Kinect Star Wars , " offering different styles of gameplay Jedi Destiny is where players learn how to use their body movements to control the Force "  Kinect Star Wars " is available now and can be played only using the Kinect controller
CNN  -- Renee Zellweger looks different than she did 10 years ago . Big deal -- who does n't ? Maybe she had plastic surgery . Maybe a little lipo , too . Or maybe her new look , at 45 , is truly courtesy of her living a healthier , happier life away from the constant media glare , as she reportedly told People Magazine . Considering how mean-spirited some of the response has been since Zellweger showed up at the Elle Women in Hollywood Awards much slimmer than we remembered , who could question the effect time away from the vitriol can have on a person ? Kelly Wallace : Why so quick to pick apart Zellweger 's looks ? Zellweger only spoke with People after the huge fuss the media made about that Elle event , she said , because "  the folks who come digging around for some nefarious truth which does n't exist wo n't get off my porch until I answer the door . " I would think the real headline is "  Public dissatisfied about Renee Zellweger 's happiness . " Because that 's all she talked about : being happy . At peace . The face and body we associated with her for all these years was , in her words , a byproduct of having "  a schedule that is not realistically sustainable and did n't allow for taking care of myself . " Makes sense to me . I ca n't tell you how many former NFL players I have come across who look nothing like the men I saw on the field -- significant weight loss , clean-shaven , hell , just being clean for a change . And dare I say healthier . It is possible for people to change without going under the knife . And it is possible to be happy in your own skin , even if you do opt for plastic surgery . More than 15 million cosmetic procedures were performed in 2013 . I think it 's safe to assume not all -- if any -- were done on Zellweger . In fact , it 's downright hypocritical for anyone in a country that has been known to spend $ 1.4 billion a year on over-the-counter teeth-whitening products to get bent out of shape if someone does change his or her appearance . Face it , we 're all nipping and tucking in our way . Our sense of what is beautiful has been redefined by a diet of Photoshopped images -- and 45-year-old actresses who feel they must nip and tuck and not look their age in order to be cast . Those who dare to not join in may be called "  less classically beautiful " in the eyes of The New York Times , who tried to pin such a slight on Viola Davis , the star of "  How To Get Away With Murder . " I was reminded of the slight in the show 's most recent episode as Davis ' character removed her wig , fake eyelashes , and makeup on camera . There she was completely untouched for the world to see . And the fact that doing so is considered "  brave " says more about our culture 's warped sensibilities than Davis ' beauty . Of course , the backlash over Zellweger 's new look has little if anything to do with her . For some reason , we want her to answer for something that at the end of the day is none of our business . We want to know why her face appears different , why her signature puffy cheeks are gone . Unfortunately , that she says she is now happy and taking care of herself does not resonate . We apparently want her to say she had plastic surgery . Tell me : Who 's the superficial one here ?	LZ : Many buzzed that Renee Zellweger looked different when she appeared at Elle event LZ : Who does n't change in 10 years ? She says she 's happier . Why is n't that enough for us ? He says a country that spends billions on cosmetic surgery is not in a position to judge LZ : To try to meet media 's beauty standard , we all work on appearance
One state has found a way to significantly reduce teen pregnancy rates . But is its solution realistic for the rest of the United States ? Colorado 's teen birth rate dropped 40 % between 2009 and 2013 , the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment announced this week , in part due to a program that provides long-acting contraception to low-income women . Colorado 's Family Planning Initiative provided funding for 68 family clinics across the state to offer around 30,000 intrauterine devices and implants to young women at low or no cost . An IUD is a small T-shaped device that is inserted into the uterus by a doctor . They 're either wrapped in copper or contain hormones , which kill sperm and make the uterine lining too thin for egg implantation . Because IUDs stay in place for five to 10 years , they 're easier to comply with than taking daily birth control pills . An anonymous donor funded the $ 23 million initiative , which also provided training , outreach and technical assistance to clinics statewide . The state health department conducted a study , to be published in the fall issue of Perspectives on Sexual and Reproductive Health , to analyze the program 's impact . It found that the low-cost IUDs were a significant factor in the state 's overall decrease in teen births . The percentage of young women receiving IUDs and implants quadrupled in participating clinics , according to the study . From 2008 to 2012 , Colorado went from having the 29th lowest teen birthrate in the nation to having the 19th lowest . Written by health department staff members , the study says the decline in births from young women served by these clinics accounted for about 75 % of the overall decrease in the state 's teen birthrates . St. Louis , Missouri , implemented a similar program in 2007 , providing 10,000 teenage girls with their choice of free birth control . A year later , the teen pregnancy rate in Missouri was significantly lower than the national average . Colorado 's study included more women over a longer period of time , demonstrating the possible longer-term implications of providing free birth control . The teen birthrate overall in the United States is at a record low , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . In 2009 , the national teen birthrate was 13.5 births for every 1,000 teens ; in 2013 , preliminary data put it at 12.5 -- a drop of about 7.5 % . In 2010 alone , Colorado saved $ 42 million on health care costs associated with teen births , thanks to the program , according to a press release from the governor 's office . "  Our Colorado Family Planning Initiative has helped thousands of young women who were n't ready to have children avoid pregnancy with affordable , safe and effective contraceptives , " said Dr. Larry Wolk , department executive director and chief medical officer . Seven out of 10 teen pregnancies in Colorado are unplanned , which can carry health risks for both the mother and child and increases the rate of elective abortions . The health department said that teen abortion rates during the study time period also decreased 35 % . Colorado 's funding for the initiative only runs through 2015 , so despite its very promising results , its future is uncertain . While the program 's success is certainly encouraging , it would be difficult to implement in other states due to the substantial cost . But the study authors say the initiative serves as a model for family planning coverage under the Affordable Care Act . "  By showing the effectiveness of long-acting , reversible contraceptives , we 're providing the evidence needed for health plans ... to cover family planning services , " said a spokesman for the Colorado health department . Study : IUD may carry higher risk for breast cancer in certain women Study : IUDs , implants vastly more effective than the pill Study : '16 and Pregnant ' led to fewer teen births	Teen births in Colorado dropped 40 % in the last 5 years Privately-funded program provided IUDs at little or no cost to low-income women Nationally teen births dropped about 7.5 % in the same time period
CNN  -- One of the few mysteries to have light shed on it in the search for a missing Malaysia Airlines airliner has been the case of two passengers who boarded the flight with stolen passports . The news that two Flight 370 passengers were not who they claimed to be -- and had used stolen documents -- immediately raised speculation about foul play . Authorities have not ruled out terrorism , but at least where it concerns these two passengers , early evidence indicates they were , foremost , Iranian migrants . Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble identified the two as Pouri Nourmohammadi , 18 , and Delavar Syed Mohammad Reza , 29 . He said they entered Malaysia using valid Iranian passports , but they used stolen Austrian and Italian passports to board Flight 370 . It is not uncommon for Iranians to go to Southeast Asia , particularly Malaysia , Phil Robertson , deputy director of the Asia Division of Human Rights Watch , told CNN . After the violent 2009-2010 election protests in Iran , many Iranians fled for Malaysia , where Middle Easterners , in most cases , can travel without a visa , Robertson said . "  A significant number of asylum-seekers from Iran did end up in Malaysia , " he said . Acquiring stolen or altered passports , "  unfortunately , is much easier than most people would think , " and quite common , Robertson said . A European passport would be a great advantage for a migrant wanting to leave Southeast Asia . Authorities say the passports -- one Austrian , the other Italian -- were stolen in Thailand , which is a known hub of the stolen passport industry . "  Thailand remains a robust venue for the sale of high-quality false passports  including altered stolen passports  and other supporting documentation , " said Paul Quaglia , who has been working in the region as a security and risk analyst for 14 years . According to Thai police , an Iranian man by the name of Kazem Ali bought one-way tickets for the two men , describing them as friends who wanted to return home to Europe . While Ali made the initial booking by telephone , either Ali or someone acting on his behalf paid for the tickets in cash , according to police . Interpol 's Noble said the evidence in the case of the stolen passports points to a concern quite different from terrorism : "  If you read what the head of Malaysia police said recently , about -LSB- Nourmohammadi -RSB- ... wanting to travel to Frankfurt , Germany , to be with his mother , " he said , " -LSB- this -RSB- is part of a human smuggling issue and not a terrorist issue , " Noble said . Human smuggling , which usually is linked to abuses such as forced labor or sex slavery , is a problem in Malaysia and other Southeast Asian countries . The suggestion is not that Reza and Nourmohammadi were being exploited , but that there exists in Malaysia a criminal infrastructure for smuggling people .	Malaysia is a favored destination for people fleeing Iran It is a destination that does not require visas for most Middle Easterners Human Rights Watch official : It is relatively easy to get a stolen passport The passports were stolen in Thailand , a hub for high-quality fake documents
CNN  -- A piece of space debris left over from a 2007 Chinese missile test collided with a Russian satellite earlier this year , rendering the satellite unusable , a researcher said Saturday . The collision appears to have happened January 22 . That 's when it 's thought a piece of the Feng Yun 1C weather satellite , which was destroyed in the 2007 missile test , accidentally hit the Russian satellite , said T.S. Kelso , a senior research astrodynamicist at the Center for Space Standards & Innovation . The collision changed the orientation and orbit of the Russian satellite , which was being used in scientific experiments , Kelso said . It may have also damaged it . "  There has been a piece of debris catalogued by U.S. Strategic Command as a result of that collision , " Kelso said . "  That would suggest that at least a part of the satellite broke off because of the collision . " It was February 4 when two scientists with the Institute for Precision Instrument Engineering in Moscow noticed a change in the orbit of the satellite , known as BLITS , Kelso said . The scientists estimated the change happened January 22 . They contacted Kelso because CSSI operates a service that looks for close satellite approaches , he said . CSSI looked for objects that may have had a nearby approach with the BLITS satellite around the time of the collision . The Chinese debris was the only object they found . Although the predicted distance between the debris and the satellite seemed to preclude a collision , the fact that the close approach happened within 10 seconds of the change in orbit made the Feng Yun 1C debris the likely culprit , Kelso wrote in a blog post . CSSI is now working with the Russian scientists to find out more about the collision . BLITS is a small glass sphere that reflected laser beams for research . Because of the collision , the satellite now faces the wrong way and ca n't be used , Kelso said . The collision also sped up the satellite 's spin period from 5.6 seconds to 2.1 seconds , Kelso said . China launched the Feng Yun 1C polar orbit weather satellite in 1999 . It was destroyed in 2007 when China targeted it for a test of a ground-based , medium-range ballistic missile . U.S. tracking sensors determined the missile collision created hundreds of pieces of space debris , according to a U.S. official at the time . The test prompted formal protests from the United States and several U.S. allies including Canada and Australia . The problem of collisions involving space debris is not a new one . "  Collisions happen all the time , everywhere . Big collisions -- now those are the rare ones , " said space debris expert William Schonberg , chairman of the Civil , Architectural and Environmental Engineering Department at the Missouri University of Science and Technology . The last major space debris collision was in 2009 between Iridium 33 , an operational U.S. communications satellite , and Cosmos 2251 , a decommissioned Russian satellite , Kelso said . Scientists know of only a handful of such collisions , but that 's only because they happened with objects that were being monitored . Kelso and Schonberg say it 's likely there are other "  junk to junk " collisions involving unmonitored objects that no one knows about . In the case of the Russian satellite in January , "  it would have been very difficult to tell there had been a collision if it had n't been for the fact that somebody was operating the satellite and noticed a collision , " said Kelso . Experts and leading government agencies have been working on the space junk problem for decades , but it 's a tricky one to solve , Schonberg told CNN . Trying to catch or deflect debris runs the risk of making the problem worse , he said . The debris could shatter into more pieces or change orbit and be on a collision course with something else . Some soft-impact lasers can nudge objects into a calculated orbit toward Earth so they will be pulled down and burn up in the atmosphere , Schonberg said . But scientists must make sure that happens over an ocean to minimize danger to people . "  Our technology has not caught up with our desire to clean up our mess " in space , Schonberg said . "  If nothing else , " said Kelso , this collision "  was a bit of a reminder that it will likely happen again , and maybe we should get back to work trying to figure out what to do about it . " More space and science news on CNN.com 's Light Years blog Rare naked-eye comet now visible 501 days in space with your spouse : Could you do it ?	The collision has rendered the Russian satellite , used to reflect laser beams , unusable The debris is left over from a 2007 Chinese missile launch on their own weather satellite The collision happened January 22 but was only discovered last month The incident highlights the problem of collisions involving space debris
CNN  -- A Mexican beach getaway , a royal castle retreat and a charming Santorini hotel all made the winners list of the fourth annual Fodor 's 100 Hotel Awards , announced Wednesday . While top hotels in 43 countries on six continents made the list , the United States had the most hotels of any country with 20 properties . The European continent had 29 hotels , and London and Paris tied for the cities with the most hotels listed , with three each . A Fodor 's team of 500 global contributors and Fodor 's readers nominated thousands of hotels located all over the world . The winners were chosen by Fodor 's senior editorial staff , which looked over hotels already chosen as Fodor 's Choice picks and the other nominations . "  Winning hotels have to be a Fodor 's Choice hotel , have been visited by our team and be the best in their respective cities , " Arabella Bowen , Fodor 's Travel editor in chief , told CNN . "  They have to have superior service , settings , style and amenities . They have to get favorable reviews from experts and guests alike . " Winners were listed in one of eight categories : enduring classics , beach getaways , country retreats , trips of a lifetime , all-inclusive vacations , boutique chic , small hotels and modern city hotels . Fodor 's chose one hotel from each category to highlight for CNN.com readers . Click through the gallery to see their picks .	Fodor 's names 100 top hotels in 43 countries across six continents The United States has the most top hotels of any country with 20 properties Paris and London each had three top hotels , the most among cities
CNN  -- Imagine a new plague racing unchecked across the continent , littering the land with human corpses covered with peeling red blemishes . But it equally ravages horses , dogs , cats , monkeys -- every mammal in its path . And it can mutate . Now be glad you 're not a newt , a salamander or a frog -- particularly two species of frogs called Darwin 's frogs named after Charles Darwin . Because one of them is now extinct and the other endangered , scientists say . A hyper-aggressive fungus with some changed up DNA is infecting and killing amphibians , and has done in hordes of these frogs , according to a new study published last week in the scientific journal PLOS ONE . One of the species , Rhinoderma rufum , was last seen in the wild in 1980 . Its close cousin , Rhinoderma darwinii , which Darwin first discovered on his sailing voyage around the world in the 1830s , is endangered . A few groups of them still live in temperate forests in Chile , in South America , where Darwin found them back then . But now , they are just hanging on . What the disease has not done to kill them , human activity , including tree farming , has . In addition to the distinction of bearing the name of the author of the theory of evolution , the frogs are also the only vertebrates aside from sea horses , in which the male of the species sort of gets pregnant . "  The males care for their young by incubating them in their vocal sacs for at least part of their development , " the study says . The result is a baby bump . The frogs represent merely canaries in the mine as far as the disease is concerned . Virtually all amphibians can catch it . The fungus -- Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis in scientific lingo -- causes a nasty infection . It is called chytridiomycosis , and scientists have said that it is "  the worst infectious disease ever recorded among vertebrates in terms of the number of species impacted and its propensity to drive them to extinction . " And the fungus is genetically flexible . There are many strains of it , with the possibility of new ones popping up . The most virulent one has recombinant DNA . It 's basically a mutant . Follow @CNNLightYears on Twitter for more science news updates	Aggressive fungus wiping out amphibians worldwide It has made some species extinct , including a frog species named for Charles Darwin There is another Darwin frog that is now endangered The male of the species sort of gets pregnant , the way seahorses do
CNN  -- Lori Berenson , an American activist convicted of aiding Peruvian terrorists , returned to Peru after spending the holidays with her family in New York , family members said . Berenson is on parole in Peru through 2015 but was given permission to leave the country to be with her family . The move was controversial because some believed that Berenson would not come back to Peru to complete her sentence . She returned Thursday night to Lima on a flight from Newark , New Jersey , said her mother , Rhoda Berenson . "  That is the law and she had to do it , " she said . Rhoda Berenson said the family 's time together was appreciated and that she expects her daughter to return to the United States at the end of her sentence in 2015 . Under the permission granted by the court , Berenson could have remained in the United States until January 11 . Berenson was sentenced to life in prison in 1995 for collaborating with the Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement to attack the nation 's Congress and overthrow the government . Her sentence was reduced to 20 years on appeal . She was released from Lima 's Chorrillos Penitentiary in November 2010 after a Peruvian court granted her parole . In 2009 , while in prison , Berenson gave birth to a son who was fathered by Apari , her estranged husband who is also her attorney . The boy lived with her in prison until her release . CNN 's Adriana Hauser contributed to this report .	Lori Berenson had permission to be in the United States until January 11 She returned to Peru Thursday Her family says they enjoyed her visit Berenson is on parole until the completion of her sentence in 2015
CNN  -- This is always a frightful time of year , but this year it got a bit scarier . You may have been prematurely spooked by an "  illegal alien " costume threatening Halloween thrill seekers with an extraterrestrial countenance , orange prison garb and a green card . There 's also a version with a baseball cap and droopy moustache . Frankly , I 'm surprised the manufacturer , Forum Novelties , is not offering other stereotypical accessories , like low-rider flying saucers and glow-in-the-dark lawn mowers . The costume reflects ominous trends : the deterioration of the immigration debate , the rise of anti-immigrant hostility as a form of racism and the need for greater empathy to bridge the gap between those who view such attacks as harmless humor and those who are demeaned and hurt by them . According to a CNN.com article : "  Political satire and Halloween often merge . Costumes depicting former well-known political figures are often seen alongside those depicting Batman or Wonder Woman . " But what if the inspiration for the satire is a group of disenfranchised people ? When is a costume clever and funny and when is it an expression of uglier truths inside us ? The Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles , California , joined the League of United Latin American Citizens and the United Farm Workers of America in condemning the costume , calling on retailers to drop it . Target was among those stores that quickly stopped selling it , while others , including BuyCostumes.com , chose "  trick " over "  treat . " "  Wearing this costume shows poor taste and ignores the painful reality -- for millions of immigrants who must live through constant taunting , discrimination and now mocking , " the Coalition 's director of communications , Jorge-Mario Cabrera , told me . "  The costume is a sign of the decaying dialogue on immigrants as a community in the U.S. " Dreadfully , this costume contest also illuminates the evolution of discrimination in America . The Pew Research Center recently reported that 55 percent of adults say "  there are ` very strong ' or ` strong ' conflicts between immigrants and people born in the United States " while "  39 percent believe there are serious conflicts between blacks and whites . " The Pew report concludes that : "  Disagreements between immigrants and native-born Americans emerge as the most prevalent and serious type of social conflict . " What we are witnessing this season is a metamorphosis of racism , from anti-black to anti-immigrant . It 's like Darth Vader slipping into Voldemort gear . Still spine-chilling . But not all trick-or-treaters are repulsed by the specter of prejudice masquerading as freedom-loving , tongue-in-cheek revelry . William Gheen , of Americans for Legal Immigration , said he is buying the costume . "  The only people getting upset are the hypersensitive , over-politically correct , pro-amnesty , illegal alien-supporting nuts . " he said . "  You ca n't attack people 's freedom in this country . " This reaction highlights the polarization of the immigration debate in America and the widely divergent views on discrimination among different social groups . According to the Pew survey , blacks , Latinos and women are significantly more likely than whites and men to say major conflicts exist between groups . Some of the widest perception gaps exist between blacks and whites on whether black/white conflict persists : 53 percent of blacks said "  yes " compared with 35 percent of whites . Gaps also exist between Latinos and whites on whether conflict exists between immigrants and native-born Americans : 68 percent of Latinos said "  yes " compared with 53 percent of whites . It 's interesting that racism and immigration-related conflict is most perceived by those experiencing its negative effects rather than those either perpetrating the prejudices or simply floating through life oblivious to them . What may be dismissed as a non-issue or joke by some tastes bitterly like insult and injury to others . It depends on who wears the costume and who is the butt of the joke . So before people brandish their right to ridicule and belittle entire ethnic groups , before such frivolous freedoms help stoke anti-immigrant fervor , let 's pause and reflect . Just because we have a right does n't mean we must exercise it . Even if we believe all undocumented immigrants should be shipped back to their nations of origin , we need n't mock their plight or demean their humanity . We do n't have to don a costume that strips 12 million people of their dignity just for a few cheap laughs . Which America do we hope to see in the mirror when the Halloween party 's over ? How about trying to put ourselves in the shoes of that "  illegal alien " ? for no matter how you dress it up , it 's cruel . So what are you going to be this Halloween ? I have this suggestion -- and it goes for manufacturers , retailers , shoppers and activists on all sides of the immigration issue . This year , do n't get a costume ; get a conscience . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz .	Rudy Ruiz : "  Illegal alien " costume has alien 's face , wears prison garb , carries green card Ruiz : Just because we have a right , we need n't demean people or mock their plight Says costume reflects the rise of anti-immigrant hostility as a form of racism Ruiz : If you 're one of the people who are the butt of the joke , it 's not so funny
CNN  -- Basketball commentator and former hoops star Charles Barkley was arrested Wednesday in Scottsdale , Arizona , on suspicion of drunken driving , a police spokesman said . Charles Barkley was driving an Infiniti SUV through a trendy area of Scottsdale on Wednesday , police say . Barkley issued a brief statement , saying , "  I am disappointed that I put myself in that situation . The Scottsdale police were fantastic . I will not comment any further as it is a legal matter . " Lt. Eric Shuhandler of the Gilbert Police Department said an officer pulled Barkley over after he ran a stop sign in Scottsdale 's Old Town area , a trendy spot known for its nightclubs and bars . Gilbert and Scottsdale are in the Phoenix metro area . "  The officer identified the driver of the 2005 Infiniti as Charles Barkley , " according to a written statement from police . "  Mr. Barkley was administered the standard field sobriety tests after the odor of intoxicating liquor was detected . " Watch : Barkley ` disappointed ' by arrest " At a news conference later in the day , Shuhandler said Barkley 's "  performance on the field sobriety test revealed there was probable cause to make an arrest . " Barkley declined to take a breath test to measure his blood-alcohol level , Shuhandler said earlier . "  When he arrived at the station , police administered a blood test , which is customary of our police department to do , " he said , adding that Barkley consented to the blood test . It will take "  a few days " for the crime lab to test the blood sample and determine Barkley 's blood-alcohol level , Shuhandler said . The former NBA power forward was cited for driving while impaired and released . "  It was a pretty routine arrest , " Shuhandler said . Barkley 's sport-utility vehicle was impounded under mandatory vehicle impound laws , police said . Shuhandler said Barkley behaved professionally during the booking and was "  very respectful and cordial with our officers . " Watch Shuhandler describe the arrest " Barkley , 45 , is a commentator for TNT 's coverage of the NBA . In October , he told CNN 's Campbell Brown that he plans to run for governor of his home state of Alabama in 2014 , saying , "  I ca n't screw up Alabama . We are number 48 in everything and Arkansas and Mississippi are n't going anywhere . " Although he is well known for entertaining comments and a cocky attitude , he also compiled an impressive résumé as a professional basketball player . A Hall of Famer and 11-time All-Star , Barkley is one of four players in history to rack up more than 20,000 points , 10,000 rebounds and 4,000 assists in a career . He also earned the NBA 's most valuable player designation in 1993 and brought home gold medals with the U.S. Olympic basketball team in 1992 and 1996 . His commanding performance on the court earned him the nicknames "  Sir Charles " and the "  Round Mound of Rebound . " Barkley was drafted out of Auburn University in 1984 by the Philadelphia 76ers and played 16 seasons with the Sixers , Phoenix Suns and Houston Rockets before he was permanently sidelined in 1999 with a ruptured tendon in his left knee . TNT is owned by Turner Broadcasting Corp. , also the parent company of CNN . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : Barkley says he 's disappointed in himself , police were "  fantastic " Police : Sobriety test "  revealed there was probable cause to make an arrest " Outspoken commentator took field , blood tests , but not breath test , police say NBA Hall of Famer , Olympic gold medalist known for entertaining remarks
CNN  -- President Obama on Tuesday outlined an ambitious agenda that requires "  significant resources , " even as he aims to halve the deficit by the end of his first term . President Obama says the United States will overcome its current economic struggles . In his first speech to a joint session of Congress , Obama said it 's time to act boldly not just to revive the economy , but "  to build a new foundation for lasting prosperity . " "  While the cost of action will be great , I can assure you that the cost of inaction will be far greater , " he said . The president struck an optimistic tone , asserting that "  we will rebuild , we will recover , and the United States of America will emerge stronger than before . " Obama focused on the three priorities of the budget he will present to Congress later this week : energy , health care and education . The president said he sees his budget as a "  vision for America -- as a blueprint for our future , " but not something that will solve every problem or address every issue . Watch Obama lay out his plan to "  save our children from debt " " "  It reflects the stark reality of what we 've inherited -- a trillion dollar deficit , a financial crisis , and a costly recession , " he said . Obama said his administration already has identified $ 2 trillion in government spending cuts that can be made over the next decade . See video highlights of the speech , issue by issue " The president touted the $ 787 billion stimulus plan he signed into law last week , saying it will invest in areas critical to the country 's economic recovery . He also made bold promises for what these investments will achieve . Obama predicted that because of the recovery plan , the United States will double its supply of renewable energy in the next three years . He also said the country will invest $ 15 billion a year to develop technology for green energy . Grade Obama 's speech " Obama also pledged a "  historic commitment " to health care and said the recovery plan could lead to a cure for cancer . He also promised the "  largest investment ever " in preventive care . On education , Obama set a goal of having the highest college graduation rate in the world by 2020 . He pointed to the billions for education -- from early childhood education expansion to college-loan programs -- in the economic stimulus package to ensure that every child has access to education "  from the day they are born to the day they begin a career . " Obama also said his budget will pay for more soldiers and Marines , increase their pay and expand veterans health care and benefits . iReport.com : Did Obama really deliver ? Obama said the recovery plans already in the works are immediate steps to revive the economy in the short-term , "  but the only way to fully restore America 's economic strength is to make the long-term investments that will lead to new jobs , new industries , and a renewed ability to compete with the rest of the world . " "  Slowly , but surely , confidence will return , and our economy will recover , " he said , asking Congress to join him in "  doing whatever proves necessary because we can not consign our nation to an open-ended recession . " Obama promised to reform the regulatory system to "  ensure that a crisis of this magnitude never happens again . " The president also signaled that he was willing to take on entitlements , saying that Congress must take on the growing costs of Medicare and Social Security . Obama described the nation 's financial woes as a "  reckoning " for poor decisions made by both government and individuals . Watch what Obama says about the "  day of reckoning " " "  A surplus became an excuse to transfer wealth to the wealthy instead of an opportunity to invest in our future , " Obama said . "  Regulations were gutted for the sake of a quick profit at the expense of a healthy market . People bought homes they knew they could n't afford from banks and lenders who pushed those bad loans anyway . And all the while , critical debates and difficult decisions were put off for some other time on some other day . " Noting that is easy to "  become cynical and doubtful , " Obama said he has learned that "  hope is found in unlikely places . " Obama avoided lofty rhetoric and instead used examples of specific people to personalize his points . Abess is a bank president from Miami , Florida , who reportedly cashed out of his company , took a $ 60 million bonus and distributed it among people who had worked for him . Bethea is an eighth-grade girl from South Carolina who , in a letter to lawmakers , asked for help for her school and said , "  We are not quitters . " Watch Obama talk about Bethea saying "  We are not quitters " " While the economy was the focus of the speech , Obama also touched on foreign policy . The president said he 'll soon be laying out specifics on how to win the war in Afghanistan and end the one in Iraq . "  We are now carefully reviewing our policies in both wars , and I will soon announce a way forward in Iraq that leaves Iraq to its people and responsibly ends this war , " he said . Watch the entire speech " Meanwhile , he said , both Afghanistan and its border with Pakistan will remain a key focus . Because Obama 's presidency is just a month old , the speech is not technically considered a State of the Union address . The annual State of the Union speech is delivered in the House of Representatives before members of both the House and the Senate as well as the justices of the Supreme Court , the president 's Cabinet and international dignitaries . CNN 's Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	"  We will rebuild , we will recover , " Obama says Obama 's budget priorities are energy , health care and education Obama says budget will pay for more soldiers and Marines Gov. Jindal calls stimulus bill "  irresponsible " in GOP response
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A gunman in an Afghan Border Police uniform who killed six U.S. troops was a reliable officer who had been with the force for three years , a senior official said Wednesday . But the Taliban claimed that Hezatullah had been a member of the militant group who joined the border police precisely to launch an attack on U.S. forces . Six U.S. troops died Monday when a gunman opened fired on NATO-led service members , the Pentagon said . Hezatullah , a 23-year-old who goes by one name , was a trusted member of the border police and had been receiving training from coalition forces , said Aminullah Amarkhil , commander of the border police in eastern Nangarhar province . "  Afghan and NATO forces have launched a joint investigation into this incident , and preliminary reports suggest that there is no reason to believe that Hezatullah was not trustworthy , " Amarkhil said . But Taliban spokesman , Zabiullah Mujahid , claimed responsibility for the attack and said Hezatullah had been planning such an assault all along . "  He has been waiting for the right moment , and now he finally achieved his goal . " Mujahid said . CNN could not independently confirm the Taliban claim . The shooting broke out during a training mission in eastern Afghanistan , the International Security Assistance Force said in a news release . A joint Afghan and ISAF team is investigating . The suspect also was killed in the incident , the ISAF said . Spokesman David Lapan confirmed the deaths , and said no names are being released pending notification of the families .	The Taliban says the gunman had been plotting an attack all along The border polcie says Hezatullah was a trusted member The Pentagon confirms 6 U.S. service members were killed Monday ISAF : Gunman in an Afghan Border police uniform opened fire
When the discussion turns to the U.S.-Mexico border , living less than an hour away has its privileges . I 've covered the international boundary from three states  California , Arizona and Texas  and from every conceivable angle -- including from the air . I once went up in a Border Patrol helicopter that started at the Pacific Ocean and flew east over the fence line . On the Mexican side , homeowners in Tijuana were using the scrap metal wall put up by U.S. taxpayers as their backyard fence . Down the road , groups of young men waited patiently for their chance to cross . What Americans consider an impenetrable barrier , the desperate and determined see as a speed bump on the road to a better life . I 've learned over a quarter-century of writing about immigration from the Southwest to be skeptical about claims that the federal government can fully secure the 1,969-mile U.S.-Mexico border . Do n't tell that to Sens. Bob Corker of Tennessee and John Hoeven of North Dakota . The Republican senators have proposed an amendment to the Senate 's "  Gang of Eight " immigration bill . It would increase the size of the Border Patrol by 20,000 agents , and complete 700 miles of border fencing . The amendment might get the bill some Republican votes . But it probably wo n't do much to secure the border . The property line between the two countries goes through everything from deserts to mountains to private ranch land to a university to the Rio Grande . Ever try to build a fence on a river ? It 's not easy . Americans can build walls and fences , triple the number of Border Patrol agents , and deploy SEAL Team 6 if they like . Yet , it wo n't make much difference . Talk to the experts -- the Border Patrol agents -- and they 'll tell you : There is no impediment that a person wo n't go around , over or under if it means being able to feed his family . Speaking of "  under , " law enforcement officials say there are likely hundreds of sophisticated drug tunnels all along the U.S.-Mexico border built by drug cartels . The smugglers who used to move illegal drugs have now branched out and smuggle illegal immigrants . There is evidence that they 're moving their human cargo through the tunnels -- underneath all the nifty and expensive enforcement tools deployed on the surface . Advocates of border security disagree that the crackdown is n't working . They insist that the fact that the flow of Mexican immigrants into the United States is at a historic low is attributable to the billions of dollars we 've spent on everything from border fencing and additional Border Patrol agents to high-tech surveillance equipment . That shows how little they know . There are two major reasons that fewer people are coming , and neither of them originated on the U.S. side of the border . First , there are more opportunities than there have been in recent years to make a decent living in Mexico . And there is a sluggish economy in the United States . So all things being equal , more Mexicans are deciding that migrating to "  el norte " is n't worth the hassle . Second , our border crackdowns have been very beneficial to at least one group -- coyote smugglers . Every time we build a mile of fencing or deploy more agents , we make it harder for them to do business , so they raise their prices . A trip across the border that , 10 years ago , cost about $ 500 now runs as much as $ 4,000 -- more if you absolutely , positively have to be there overnight . Many Mexicans have sticker shock . Honestly , it makes you wonder if Republicans in Congress are in cahoots with the immigrant smugglers . One is putting money into the pocket of the other . If you want to know why the United States has had such a tough time controlling illegal immigration over the years , there 's one reason . What other law enforcement operation can you think of where the harder you crack down , the wealthier and more powerful the bad guys get so they can come back and fight you even harder the next time ? Here 's the elephant in the Congressional caucus room : Americans will never control illegal immigrants until lawmakers -- in both parties -- "  man up " and risk angering the businesses that contribute to political campaigns by fining and locking up U.S. employers who hire illegal immigrants . And let 's not forget one of the biggest offenders , who is somehow never mentioned by the media -- the American household , with its growing dependence on nannies , housekeepers , gardeners , senior care givers and other helpers . Adding to the problem , pro-border security conservatives confuse "  securing " the border with "  sealing " the border . They say they want to secure the border . But when you hear the details -- i.e. , the "  100 % awareness " rate and "  90 % apprehension " rate called for by an amendment from Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , who is almost certainly going to vote against the Senate bill anyway -- it 's clear that what these folks really want is to seal the border . There is a big difference between securing and sealing . The former is feasible ; the second is a fantasy . Anyway , I suspect that a lot of this is smoke and mirrors and that the Republican senators who want to block immigration reform are merely seizing on border security as an excuse . Conservatives saying that we ca n't have immigration reform before we secure the U.S.-Mexico border is like liberals saying we ca n't have more welfare reform until we end poverty . That 's never going to happen , and they know it . So we 're just playing games . In the meantime , millions of people are stuck in the legal equivalent of suspended animation , and a once-in-a-generation opportunity to fix a broken system is being wasted .	Ruben Navarrette : Tightened border security wo n't prevent immigration He says Washington 's moves reveal ignorance about 1,969 mile U.S.-Mexico border If people are intent on getting across , they 'll find a way , he says
