CNN  -- In a bid to end rampant poaching , Kenya is implanting microchips in every rhino nationwide , an extensive process that will include sedating hundreds of animals . Decimated by illegal killings , the endangered rhino is increasingly under attack by poachers using high-tech , sophisticated technology . The microchips will allow wildlife officials to track the animals and trace poached horns . "  It 's a costly and time-consuming process to get the chips on the rhinos , " said Robert Magori , the World Wildlife Fund communications director for eastern and southern Africa . "  The rhinos have to be tracked , identified , sedated , fitted with two chips each  on the horn and on the animal  , revived and finally released . " Kenya has 631 black rhinos and a total population of 1,030 rhinos , he said . The animals are part of the big five that draw tourists , a major source of revenue for the east African nation . The other four are the lion , elephant , leopard and buffalo . More money , more problems Poaching of the rhino horn is a lucrative industry , with much of the loot sold to the affluent in Asia , particularly China and Vietnam . In those countries , some believe the horns can cure a series of ills , including cancer and hangovers , and can boost virility . A kilogram fetches about $ 20,000 , according to a report by Moses Montesh , a criminology professor at the University of South Africa . A single horn weighs about 10 kilograms  22 pounds  . In Kenya , each rhino will get two microchips -- one in the horn and another one in an unidentified part of the animal . The microchip is less than 2 inches long and can barely be traced by poachers , Magori said . The fitting process is expected to take up to four months . "  With poachers getting more sophisticated in their approach , it is vital that conservation efforts embrace the use of more sophisticated technology to counter the killing of wildlife , " WWF Kenya said in a statement . Struggling to keep up Organized crime syndicates are using military-grade helicopters , night-vision equipment and guns fitted with silencers , taking rhino poaching to a whole new level and leaving conservationists struggling to keep up . Nations such as South Africa and Kenya have invested in unmanned drones , sniffer dogs and increased security , but have failed to halt the rising tide of rhino slaughter . In addition to the microchips , the organization will use forensic DNA technology to identify the animals . "  This will serve to strengthen rhino monitoring , protect the animals on site and also support anti-trafficking mechanisms nationally and regionally , " WWF Kenya said . Evidence of poaching Once the systems are set up , every rhino nationwide will be traceable , providing investigators with evidence in cases of poaching and making it easier to prosecute suspects . Rhino poaching soared by 43 % between 2011 and 2012 , according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature , a worldwide network . Last year alone , about 745 rhinos were poached throughout Africa -- the highest number in two decades . Of those , a record 668 rhinos were killed in South Africa alone . In South Africa , officials are dyeing rhino horns pink and tingeing them with nonlethal chemicals to discourage consumers from buying them . CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report .	African nations seek ways to halt rapid poaching of rhino horns Poachers are getting more high-tech and sophisticated as demand grows for the horns Kenya is putting two microchips in each rhino -- one in the horn South African officials are dyeing rhino horns pink to discourage purchases
CNN  A decision last week to ax the popular University of Mississippi Chancellor Dan Jones rippled into Wednesday with demonstrations at the Oxford campus , powerful alumni denouncing the decision and wealthy donors threatening to withhold funding to the school . "  It 's a damn shame , " Ole Miss alumnus Kelly English said about the decision , which he says felt like a "  gut punch . " English , a chef and restaurateur who has met the chancellor , called Jones "  a man of integrity " who "  cares deeply about the university . " While the state board that voted not to renew his contract , which expires in September , cited "  concerns centered on financial issues at the University of Mississippi Medical Center , " the chancellor 's advocates feel something sinister is at play . Jones was magnanimous in his response , saying that while he was disappointed not to be granted another four-year term , he was proud of his accomplishments and every disagreement he had with the board was the product of both parties trying to do what 's best for the school . The financial issues at UMMC , though , were only part of the problem , he wrote . "  I was informed a key concern for the board was my relationship to board members and the Commissioner and my unwillingness to adjust to the board 's desired governance structure , " he wrote . "  Over the last couple of years , I have expressed concern and disagreement with the board in some areas , including the funding allocation plan that distributes state funds to various public universities , business issues at the medical center , and responsibility for managing the selection process for the position of vice chancellor to lead the medical center . " Jones has been at the university 's helm since 2009 , when he took over for another popular leader , Robert Khayat , who retired . To hear Jones ' supporters tell it , he 's ushered in an era of unprecedented GPAs , test scores , enrollment and fund-raising , including three straight years of nine-figure gifts to the school . But he also took stands that ruffled many at the 167-year-old university . Among those were measures aimed at dissociating the school from its Confederate history -- the university athletics teams are the Rebels -- including asking the band to stop playing the fight song "  From Dixie With Love . " Under his tenure , the university also adopted a black bear as its mascot to replace Colonel Reb , a caricature of a plantation owner that had been removed as mascot in 2003 . "  He did amazing things for inclusion , " English said . "  He tried to rid Ole Miss of the good ol' boy network . " Unfortunately for his alma mater , English said , that good ol' boy network "  caught  Jones  in Jackson . " When the Board of Trustees of State Institutions of Higher Learning -- fresh on the heels of Jones completing a reportedly successful round of chemotherapy for his lymphoma -- decided in a 9-2 decision not to renew his contract , the outcry was loud  though the board and Jones concur the decision was unrelated to his health  . A protest Wednesday brought more than 2,500 Jones supporters to the Lyceum , event co-organizer Alex Borst said . It 's the university 's oldest building , which is located in the middle of campus and houses administrative offices . Borst , a sophomore International Studies major , said the board 's decision has left him and his classmates "  confused . " "  Chancellor Jones has always made himself available to students and always done what 's in our best interest , " Borst said . Khayat and famous alumni -- such as former New Orleans Saints quarterback  and Peyton and Eli 's dad  Archie Manning and author John Grisham -- decried the move , as did numerous university groups , including the Faculty Senate , Staff Council , Alumni Association and Black Student Union . Supporters also quickly assembled a Facebook page , Twitter feed , website and even a GoFundMe page to cover the costs of protests , all pronouncing "  I Stand With Dan , " which has been adopted as a hashtag for the movement . Nic Lott was the university 's first African-American president in 2000-2001 . He took to Twitter to express his discontent with Jones ' firing , calling him a "  great leader who made tough decisions . " "  In my opinion , they 've made an unforgivable decision , " said alumnus Jim Barksdale , the former Netscape CEO billed by The Clarion-Ledger in Jackson as the university 's most generous donor  he 's reportedly given $ 30 million in the last decade and a half  . And that decision could cost the university at least $ 20 million from one donor alone , as the newspaper reports that Anthony Papa , president of the Gertrude C. Ford Foundation , said he would not move forward with the grant for a new science building if Jones was n't reinstated . The Board of Trustees of State Institutions of Higher Learning said in a news release that while it had no concerns regarding Jones ' integrity or honesty , the majority of members simply could not find "  a path forward to renewal . " "  Dr. Jones has provided strong leadership in many facets of the University of Mississippi during his tenure . However , the Board can not overlook its longstanding concerns regarding the business and financial affairs at UMMC , " the Saturday statement said . Borst said this explanation has n't given Ole Miss students enough information to understand why Jones wo n't be reinstated . "  They have to be hiding something , because they are n't giving us all the information , " he said . CNN reached out to Jim Borsig , Mississippi Institutions of Higher Learning 's commissioner , for comment . He has not yet replied . Jones has no intention of retiring or resigning before September , according to his statement .	State board voted 9-2 last week not to renew contract for Chancellor Dan Jones Students , faculty stage demonstrations , as wealthy donors vow to reel in funding Author John Grisham , former quarterback Archie Manning denounce move
CNN  -- When you hear the term "  working mom , " what image comes to mind ? Is it of a woman , perhaps dressed in a suit , dropping off her kids at school or day care before hurrying to the office ? Or is it a mom , possibly dressed in yoga pants , booting up her computer from the confines of her own home ? I bet many of you would pick the former -- the woman who works outside the house . I admit I tend to have that image in mind whenever I write about the juggling act facing working moms . But each time I do that , I am leaving out the women who work from home who face their own unique work-life balance challenges .  According to a recent Stanford University study , about 10 % of American workers now regularly work from home . Take the case of Lela Davidson , whose children are 13 and 15 and who has been working from home as a published author , freelance writer and blogger since her children were in elementary school . Recently , she has been recruited for a few jobs , which would require her to work in an office . "  My daughter told me , ` Oh Mommy , if you get that job , I 'm going to be so proud of you , like you 're going to have a real job , ' But I have a real job right now , " she told me while working during a vacation with her family . "  But I realized how different it is , because of the way the media portrays women and work ... corporate women hitting it hard and that 's what my daughter sees . " "  It 's a little bit more glamorous if you are leaving home because you get dressed . Maybe I should get dressed every day , " she said with a laugh . Simply your life : Telecommuting is n't just for parents There are a host of misconceptions about working from home , said Alex Iwashyna , a mom of two and freelance writer and blogger . One of the biggest , she said , is the sense that you are available to take care of all the household matters while also doing your job . "  You are really juggling everything at once with no lunch break , no coffee break and you do n't go home at night , " she said . "  Your office is right there and you have to learn to turn everything off , which is , I think , one of the biggest challenges . " Too often , Iwashyna , whose children are 4 and 6 , would get back on her laptop after she put the kids down to finish up all the things she did n't do that day , but that meant she was n't spending important time with her husband . "  You do n't realize how much that time together , even if it 's sitting on the couch watching bad TV , matters , " she said , adding that she had to start scheduling evenings she does n't work to make sure she and her husband have one-on-one time . Scheduling is a must to make working from home work , said Davidson , who blocks out her day in the morning or the night before . "  I have my little Google calendar , which makes my life happy . " She also said she needs to leave the house , on occasion , and work from a local coffee shop -- but it 's not because she feels isolated . She works online and in social media , so she feels very social , she said . Heading somewhere other than home helps her focus . "  I go out and work in public coffee shops or with friends because I feel like that accountability , when there are other people around me who have gotten dressed , with their bag , gone into a place , I feel like I know they 're working , so I ca n't play on Facebook , " she said . Who works from home and how they do it Holly Reisem Hanna , publisher and founder of The Work at Home Woman , recently named by Forbes as one of the top 75 career websites , said if you are thinking about working from home , you need to figure out if you have the personality to make it work . "  While working from home cuts down on typical office distractions for many individuals , for others the lack of physical boundaries and a manager standing over their shoulder may not be enough structure for them to effectively work , " she said . The biggest benefit of working from home , hands down , is the flexibility . "  I have 24 hours in my day and I can structure them as I need to , " said Davidson , who said she can work in between picking up the kids from school , attending school functions and cooking her children a healthy meal for dinner . Iwashyna bought a portable wireless device that allows her to be online anytime and anywhere . "  I carry that around with me so if I 'm early to pick up the kids , and I have my laptop with me , I might get a little work done in the car , " she said . Hanna , who launched a blog in 2009 devoted to helping women make telecommuting and home-based businesses work for them , said working from home gives women flexibility and freedom . Work from home and still be part of the office "  Having a flexible schedule helps families to have more quality time together , " she said . "  It provides greater overall satisfaction and it helps to lessen the guilt that many parents have because they 're unable to do everything . " It also , in Davidson 's case , allows you to do something else -- set up a yoga studio right in the office . So , whenever her neck starts to hurt from sitting too long in her chair , like mine is starting to do as I finish this column , she cues up a podcast and rolls out the mat right in her home office . "  My mat is always there next to my desk , " she said . "  I probably would n't do that if I were wearing pumps and in an office . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Moms who work from home face unique work-life balance challenges According to a study , about 10 % of American workers now regularly work from home One misconception is that moms who work from home can do household chores and their job Writing up a prioritized "  To Do " list the night before is one way to make work from home work
CNN  -- A Chicago , Illinois , couple , their real estate agent and a real estate broker face charges of violating the federal Fair Housing Act for refusing to sell a $ 1.8 million home to black radio personality and comedian George Willborn , the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development said . The five-bedroom , 8,000-square-foot home was listed for $ 1.799 million by owners Daniel and Adrienne Sabbia and their real estate agent , Jeffrey Lowe , the housing agency said in a statement Tuesday . The charge alleges the Sabbias and Lowe stalled negotiations and took the property off the market after receiving a $ 1.7 million offer from Willborn and his wife , Peytyn -- the highest offer the Sabbias had received in the two years the property was listed , according to HUD . The Sabbias accepted the offer , but refused to sign the sales contract , according to the HUD complaint . Six days after the offer was accepted , the Willborns ' agent asked about the issue , and Lowe told her that the " ` reality " of selling the house was ` just hitting ' " Adrienne Sabbia , the complaint said . The woman said she did n't believe that , since the house had been listed for two years , according to the complaint . Lowe sent the agent a text message the following day saying he did not believe it was about race , and believed it to be a "  seller vs. seller issue not a seller vs. buyer issue . " But the next day , Lowe told the Willborns ' agent that the Sabbias were not signing the sales contract and taking the home off the market . "  Respondent Lowe gave complainants various reasons for why the Sabbias had decided not to sell , " the complaint said , including that Adrienne Sabbia had changed her mind , that the Sabbias could not find another home , and they wanted to keep their children in their current schools . The Sabbias told HUD investigators they refused to sign the sales contract because Adrienne Sabbia wanted the full asking price for the home . Conrad Duncker , named as the Sabbias ' attorney by the Chicago Sun-Times , did not return a call from CNN seeking comment Wednesday . The Willborns filed an initial HUD complaint in January , amending it in March and July . The couple learned that the Willborns had filed a HUD complaint on January 29 , the complaint said , and a few days later told Lowe to offer the Willborns the opportunity to buy the home with all its furnishings for $ 1.799 million . "  When the Willborns learned that the Sabbias only offered to sell the subject property to them after receipt of the HUD complaint , they canceled a scheduled showing and declined the offer , " according to the complaint . Lowe told investigators that while he was representing the Sabbias , Daniel Sabbia told him he would prefer not to sell the home to an African-American , but added "  if it was for the right price he did not care who bought the house , " the complaint said . However , the agency "  has determined that reasonable cause exists to believe that a discriminatory housing practice has occurred in this case based on race and has authorized and directed the issuance of this charge of discrimination , " according to the complaint . The charge will be heard by an administrative law judge unless a party elects to have it heard in federal district court , HUD said . If the judge finds discrimination occurred , damages may be awarded and fines may be levied . Punitive damages can also be awarded if the case is heard in district court . Besides the Sabbias , the Lowe Group Chicago Inc. and real estate broker Prudential Rubloff Properties are also named in the complaint . "  Racial fairness is important at all income levels . Civil rights enforcement must be the effective shield against housing discrimination that in this case wealth was not , " stated John Trasvina , HUD assistant secretary for fair housing and equal opportunity . Willborn is a radio personality who co-hosts the syndicated "  Michael Baisden Show . " He also has appeared as a comedian on television and in films , the complaint said . CNN 's attempts to reach Willborn were unsuccessful . "  I think it 's unfortunate , sad and disgusting , " Willborn told the Chicago Sun-Times . "  It jolts you to your core beliefs ... . No one has the right to dictate the American dream . " "  Complainants George and Peytyn Willborn have suffered emotional distress due to respondents ' discriminatory acts , " the complaint says . Willborn has indicated he is less trusting of people and their actions , and "  he feels respondents have denied him the American dream he worked so hard to attain . They are surprised that something like this could happen in the year 2010 . " The Willborns ' children "  were disappointed at the loss of certain features of the house , and ... felt fear because of how they might be treated because of race , " the complaint said . "  The Willborns ' daughter felt hurt and angry and now worries that if this happened to her parents that it may happen to her one day in her own search for housing as an adult . "	Chicago couple accused of refusing to sign sales contract George Willborn and wife offered $ 1.7 million Agent says seller told him he would prefer not to sell to African-Americans
CNN  -- Get to know the name Craig Wayne Boyd -- he 's officially music 's newest "  Voice . " On Tuesday night , Boyd was named the winner of the seventh season of NBC 's "  The Voice , " beating out three other finalists who were coached by Adam Levine . Team Levine 's Damien came in fourth place ; Chris Jamison came in third ; and singer-songwriter Matt McAndrew was the runner-up . Boyd was coached by country star Blake Shelton , who has previously led three other "  Voice " champions to victory . All four of Tuesday 's finalists were popular with fans , as evidenced by how quickly their original songs charted on iTunes . During Monday 's episode , Damien , Jamison , McAndrew and Boyd all revealed new singles , and all four are now in the top 10 on iTunes . That includes Boyd 's "  My Baby 's Got A Smile On Her , " which he performed again after his big win on Tuesday . That song 's soulful vocals show exactly why America fell hard for Boyd , who won hearts earlier in the season with his rendition of the hymn "  The Old Rugged Cross . " Originally from Mesquite , Texas , Boyd relocated to Nashville a little more than 10 years ago . Despite releasing an album and performing regularly , his career did n't take off the way it has now . "  Probably one of the reasons that I had not had huge success in Nashville yet is because I always stuck to my guns , " Boyd reflected in an interview with The Tennessean earlier in December . "  What 's great  about  going to ` The Voice ' is I sing those songs that I would want to put on an album , and America loved that . That 's what 's kept me around , and I 'm looking forward to the future . " His present is n't looking too bad , either . After performing "  Sweet Home Alabama " with Lynyrd Skynyrd during Tuesday 's finale , the legendary band sent Boyd a congratulatory note . .	"  The Voice " named a winner on Tuesday The honor went to country singer Craig Wayne Boyd He clinched the fourth win for "  Voice " coach Blake Shelton
Tyler , Texas  WIRED  -- After threatening web companies for more than a decade , Michael Doyle and his patent-holding company Eolas Technologies -- named after the Irish word for knowledge -- may be finished . An eight-member federal jury in East Texas deliberated Thursday for just a few hours before concluding that all of Eolas ' asserted claims of ownership to technology allowing access to the interactive web were invalid . That means the three upcoming trials that were scheduled to rule on infringement and damages , for Google , Yahoo and other companies , have been canceled . The eight defendant companies who resisted the lawsuits wo n't pay anything to Eolas or its partner , the University of California , for using the web . Eolas maintained its patents entitled the company to royalty payments from just about anyone running a website with "  interactive " features , like rotating pictures or streaming video . The chief issue in the case was whether the first computer program that allowed access to an "  interactive web " was created by the little-known Chicago biologist Doyle , who runs Eolas out of Chicago . Or was it one of the web pioneers put on the stand by the defendant companies -- such as Pei-Yuan Wei and his Viola browser , or Dave Raggett and his <embed> tag ? The dueling teams of lawyers have spent millions creating elaborate presentations , trying for the last three days to convince a jury of average folks in a federal district court in eastern Texas that their side was right . If the jury had upheld the patents , there would have been a potentially brutal damages phase in which Google , YouTube , Yahoo , Amazon , Adobe , JC Penney , CDW Corp. and Staples would have been sued for infringement and been asked for more than $ 600 million in damages , with the majority of that coming from Google and Yahoo . The Eolas patents were denounced for years before this week 's landmark trial , but managed to survive repeated re-exams at the United States Patent and Trade Office . However , Thursday 's verdict is likely a setback Eolas ca n't overcome . It may well be appealed , but that will be a long process , and in the meantime Eolas wo n't be able to go after new targets . After the trial , Judge Leonard Davis visited with the jurors a while , as is his custom . They were awed , I 'm told -- as they often are -- why such an important web case ended up in Tyler . Apparently they were a little star-struck by Tim Berners-Lee , although you certainly could n't tell during trial . At "  Rick 's on the Square " opposite the courthouse , defense lawyers were celebrating . There was a giddy atmosphere ; these folks truly felt like they saved the Web today . As for the winner 's reactions : Yahoo spokeswoman Dana Lengkeek said : "  Yahoo is pleased with the outcome of the case and the jury 's decision , and we thank the jury for their time and commitment to this case . Yahoo respects intellectual property and will continue to protect its freedom to operate by defending itself against meritless claims . " Google spokesman Jim Prosser was less effusive . "  We are pleased that the court found the patents invalid , as it affirms our assertion that the claims are without merit , " Prosser said . Despite winning , Amazon declined to comment . Lead Eolas attorney Mike McKool did not return a call seeking comment . As for the many companies that settled with Eolas , they might be regretting that pragmatic decision in light of the verdict . Those companies include : Apple , Argosy Publishing , Blockbuster , Citigroup , eBay , Frito-Lay , JP Morgan Chase , New Frontier Media , Office Depot , Perot Systems , Playboy Enterprises International , Rent-A-Center , Sun Microsystems  bought by Oracle while this litigation was underway  , and Texas Instruments . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Eight-member Texas jury deliberated for just a few hours before deciding Eolas maintained its patents entitled the company to royalty payments Dueling teams of lawyers have spent millions creating elaborate presentations
CNN  This is a difficult but necessary thing to say : Incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans are unlikely to end soon . That 's partly because police brutality is neither new nor reflective of a "  moment . " And it 's also because we have not yet shown the resolve needed to end it . This is a reality we must face if we are going to reverse course from what has become a national crisis . The peaceful protests that were followed by outbreaks of violence in Baltimore this week have underscored the danger of ignoring the crisis -- as frustration and impatience with the status quo boils over . The violent response of police officers to unarmed African-Americans is a decades-long phenomenon that has too often been dismissed as "  race card " politics and black grievance . But this year 's spate of killings and assaults , from Ferguson , Missouri , to North Charleston , South Carolina , to most recently Baltimore , are part of a deadly continuum of conduct that has created a well of resentment and anger in the African-American community . So what makes now different ? The advent of cell phone cameras and social media has for the first time allowed average citizens to document police brutality routinely and to disseminate these images nationally . As a result , it is no longer possible for officials and commentators to downplay or deny the existence of police brutality against unarmed African-Americans as has happened in the past . To call this ugly and unrelenting wave of police violence against unarmed African-Americans a national crisis is not an exaggeration -- we are losing the confidence of a generation of young people who no longer believe in the legitimacy or credibility of our law enforcement and the justice system that underpins it . A true democracy draws its strength from the confidence of its citizens in the bedrock institutions . The loss of that confidence threatens the very foundation of our legal system . How do we face this crisis ? First , we must recognize that there are no quick fixes . The culture of policing in cities such as New York and Baltimore has developed over decades . Policing is a job passed down through families in which law enforcement norms and narratives are shared around the dinner table as much as in the station house . To subvert that culture will require vigorous , targeted and consistent training . That training must include a focus on managing implicit bias , encounters with the mentally ill and how best to de-escalate encounters with members of the community , especially young people . Training must be accompanied by supervision and accountability for officers who fail to conform their behavior to training principles . President Barack Obama is right when he reminds us that policing , like education , is a function of state and local government . And it 's true that his options are limited . And yet the federal government has proven to be quite adept at influencing education policy in states and cities . How ? By conditioning federal funds on compliance with federal standards . In contrast , while the Department of Justice provides more than $ 1 billion annually in grants to police departments across the country , those funds are provided free from obligations that awardees adopt federal standards on training , data collection or other measures with an explicit anti-racial bias focus . That must change . Also , the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department must be properly funded to investigate any police departments suspected of engaging in a pattern and practice of discrimination . Such investigations doubled to more than 20 under Attorney General Eric Holder , but given the nearly 30,000 police departments spread across the country , this is woefully inadequate . It 's been reported that nearly every investigation conducted by the department has resulted in a finding of a pattern and practice of discrimination . The results in places such as Seattle and Cincinnati , where the departments worked with local officials to negotiate changes to local police practices , are promising . But the $ 12 million currently allocated to these investigations nationwide is a shameful pittance . Much has been made of rogue police officers , "  bad apples " and other aberrant actors in the criminal justice system . They undoubtedly exist . But the failure of local law enforcement leadership to vigorously and aggressively discipline , punish and , where appropriate , remove those officers from police forces around the country has allowed the bad apples to spoil the whole bunch . There must be zero tolerance for racism , brutality and corruption in police departments . Making this change will require law enforcement to value the integrity of the badge over the unquestioning solidarity that has too often resulted in the protection of officers who have committed egregious acts . Yet until police officers come to expect swift and certain punishment for violating their oath to protect and serve , we are unlikely to see a real decrease in incidents of racially motivated police brutality . Ultimately , the crisis we face presents an opportunity to rethink policing in this country fundamentally , including who we decide to recruit to serve . Former Baltimore Police Commissioner Leonard Hamm , for example , has told me he was always skeptical of new police recruits who expressed a desire to become narcotics or homicide detectives . That thinking reflects a spirit of adventure , he told me , rather than a spirit of service . Hamm is right -- policing is , at its core , a service profession . Those we select for this difficult and dangerous job should not only demonstrate mental toughness , courage and smarts , but also integrity , maturity , empathy and a commitment to the communities they serve . A national crisis requires a national response , and that means that federal , state and local law enforcement leaders and organizations must honestly and aggressively move to end police brutality . Until we see that kind of wholesale engagement , the lives of innocent people -- and the integrity of our legal system -- hangs in the balance .	Sherrilyn Ifill : Police violence against unarmed African-Americans is a national crisis U.S. policing needs dramatic overhaul , she says
CNN  -- After five years of trying , an international group of authors have achieved their aim of taking their Palestine Festival of Literature to Gaza for the first time . The annual traveling festival , known as PalFest , was set up in 2008 to bring book readings and cultural events to Palestinians who otherwise had little access to the outside world . Each year the literary festival has visited several cities in the West Bank , but has been unable to gain permission from Israel to visit Gaza . Israel imposed an economic blockade of Gaza when Hamas took over in 2007 , which it says is needed to stop the transit of weaponry to be used by militants in attacks on Israel This year , the group of 37 writers , artists and community organizers applied instead to enter Gaza from Egypt through the Rafah crossing , which re-opened last year . After a two-week wait , they were granted permission from the Egyptian Ministry of Foreign Affairs to enter Gaza . Also on Inside the Middle East : Gaza music students find smart ways around travel ban "  We did n't know if we would get in until the very last minute , " said Jamal Mahjoub , a British Sudanese author who traveled with PalFest . "  We did n't know if we would manage until we actually crossed the border . " The group included Palestinians living in Jerusalem , West Bank and around the world , and prominent Arab authors including Egyptians Ahdaf Soueif and Khaled al Khamissi . None of them had been to Gaza before . They spent five days in Gaza from May 5-9 , running workshops for university students , free public events and visiting refugee camps . Also on Inside the Middle East : Iraqi artist inspired by George W Bush shoe thrower The 10-piece Egyptian band Eskenderella , which became well-known for playing in Tahrir Square during the Egyptian revolution , played its first concert in Gaza to a packed hall . Omar Robert Hamilton , an independent filmmaker and founder of PalFest , said : "  Coming to Gaza was a necessity . We have tried every year but always failed before . Everything was incomplete until we came . "  It was vital to come here because of the fact that it 's so divided and considered a separate entity , but at the same time totally connected to the West Bank . " In total around 2,000 Gazans attended the PalFest events . In one event , each author had 10 minutes to give the message they had always wanted to say to Gazans . Hamilton added : "  It 's been pretty overwhelming . Everyone is so welcoming and pleased that we have managed to get there . "  They are very frustrated by the lack of access to the outside world . It 's been a very emotional trip , but overwhelmingly positive . "  We began PalFest as an attempt to help connect Palestine with the rest of the world . Lack of access to art , culture and education is a form of restriction . "  We wanted to do what we could to support cultural life in Palestine , and to put on a festival that would be taken for granted anywhere else . " PalFest collected more than 1,500 books -- including copies of an anthology of extracts from works by festival participants -- which were distributed to cultural centers and university libraries . Also on Inside the Middle East : Unspoiled island sanctuary caught on camera Mahjoub said : "  There was a real thirst for any books they could get their hands on : poetry , contemporary novels , books about history and politics . It 's hard for people and institutions to get enough books and resources . "  They are hungry for any kind of cultural life , as there are no cinemas and few concerts . " He added : "  The most important thing has been meeting people and talking on a cultural level , to hear about their experiences and their isolation . "  We have driven up and down the country and have tried to get as broad a picture as possible of what it 's like to live here . I did n't come to lecture people about my literature , but to find out what their experiences are . " PalFest organizers said that on Wednesday evening the closing event was shut down by the police , but added that police later apologized for the incident , saying it was an "  individual error . " PalFest is supported by organizations including the UK Arts Council and the British Council . Its patrons including Nigerian novelist Chinua Achebe , British author Philip Pullman and British actor Emma Thompson . This year 's festival also included one event in Ramallah in the West Bank and one in Cairo , Egypt , on May 11 .	PalFest is a traveling festival that visits Palestinian communities The group entered Gaza for the first time after four years visiting Jerusalem and the West Bank The 37 writers and artists received permission from Egypt to enter Gaza through the Rafah crossing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Iran poses a significant threat to Iraq , but security has greatly improved in the war-ravaged country , according to a Pentagon report . Iraqi soldiers parade in Kirkuk on January 10 . The Pentagon credits better forces for improved security . The Pentagon assessed progress in Iraq from September to November in its quarterly report to Congress , issued on Tuesday . Iran "  continues to reflect a fundamental desire to oppose the development of a fully secure and stable Iraq , " despite its "  persistent promises to the contrary , " the report said . Iran tried to undermine the U.S.-Iraqi security agreement forged last year , the report said , and "  continues to host , train , fund , arm , and direct militant groups intent on destabilizing Iraq . " "  Countering malign influence and balancing soft Iranian influence remain priorities to stabilize Iraq and ensure the sovereignty of its people , " the report said . The report cites improvements in politics , security , economics , diplomacy and rule of law , but emphasizes their fragility . "  Iraq remains fragile because its major power brokers do not share a unified national vision . They disagree on the nature of the state and are reluctant to share power and resources , " it says . "  The overall security situation in Iraq continues to improve , " the Pentagon report says , crediting , among other things , improved Iraqi security forces and the political will of the government to fight militants . It says the insurgency has diminished as some militants embrace the Iraqi government . The U.S.-led coalition has transferred security leadership to Iraqi forces in several provinces and coalition troops from many countries have withdrawn their forces . The United States and Iraq have signed a bilateral security agreement calling for all U.S. troops to leave by the end of 2011 . Although the number of civilians killed has dropped , assassinations of juridical and legislative officials have increased and violence against Christians in Nineveh province has stirred concern . The report raises fears that the mishandling of key political efforts in the country could reverse gains . Crucial efforts include the upcoming provincial elections , resolving disputes over areas such as Kirkuk city ; resettling displaced people ; and providing permanent employment for the Sons of Iraq , the largely Sunni U.S.-backed security personnel .	Pentagon report assesses progress in Iraq from September to November Iran "  continues to ... oppose ... a fully secure and stable Iraq " by supporting militants Report cites "  fragile " improvements in economy , security , rule of law "  Iraq remains fragile because ... power brokers do n't share a unified national vision "
CNN  -- Ever since the Montgolfier brothers launched the first manned hot air balloon flight in France in 1783 , enterprising balloonists have capitalized on our fascination with open-air flight by offering rides that soar over some of the world 's most stunning landscapes . Just watching the graceful globes aloft is mesmerizing , especially when they 're en masse . Here 's where to catch them or hitch a ride . Quebec , Canada International Balloon Festival of Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu  August 11-19  : Every August , more than 125 balloonists descend on Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu , midway between Montreal and Vermont , for the largest hot-air festival in Canada . Mass balloon launches at dawn and dusk bookend nine days filled with live music performances that range from Canadian folk group Cowboys Fringants to rapper T Pain , and family activities , including Balloon Planet , an inflatable amusement park . Come dark , dozens of tethered balloons are illuminated for "  night suns , " a multimedia event with music and projections . Reserve your own flight starting at $ 170 . Glen Falls , New York Adirondack Balloon Festival  September 20-23  : This is the 40th anniversary of the Adirondack Balloon Festival , the oldest and largest balloon gathering on the East Coast . Some 100 balloonists , including a slew who man special-shaped airships like dragons and bald eagles , converge on the region 's parks and airports to launch against a backdrop of mountains awash in fall foliage . Spectators can arrange flights privately with pilots . "  It 's so beautiful seeing the meandering Hudson River , the Adirondacks to the north , the Green Mountains in Vermont and the Catskills to the south , " says pilot Greg Livadas , a Rochester , New York pilot who has been flying in the festival for more than 30 years . The free event keeps the fun going in the afternoons with live music , aircraft displays , kite flying and meet-and-greets with pilots . Albuquerque , New Mexico Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta  October 6-14  : What started in 1972 as a local radio station promotion to round up the most hot air balloons in one place has become the world 's largest ballooning gathering and , boast organizers , the most photographed event anywhere . Fueled by Albuquerque 's crisp fall climate and predictable air currents that allow balloonists to control their flights , the Balloon Fiesta attracts some 700 balloons from more than 50 countries . The weeklong festivities include fireworks and concerts and showcase all manner of dazzling displays , from a special shape rodeo to lighted nighttime "  balloon glows , " but the climax is the handful of spectacular mass ascensions in which all participants take to the sky in two waves . Cappadocia , Turkey Book a private balloon flight in Cappadocia , Turkey , and you 'll get to see lava deposits at Turkey 's Mount Erciyes twisted by two millennia of erosion into hundreds of pillars and minarets known as fairy chimneys , making the landscape in the country 's central Anatolian region look like a set from Lost in Space . Soak up the spires in all their glory , as well as hand-hewn churches and homes carved from the limestone , from 1,000 feet on a 90-minute balloon flight from Royal Balloon . Napa Valley , California With a patchwork of vines stretching for miles across gently rolling countryside , Napa Valley 's signature landscape is even more breathtaking by air . By late summer , the fog dissipates and you might even spy San Francisco and the bay in the distance . Napa Valley Balloons has been offering sunrise , hourlong flights from Yountville for some 30 years . Passengers enjoy a champagne brunch at the winery after touching down at Domaine Chandon . Luberon , France From the vineyards of Champagne to the peaks of the Pyrenees , France 's diverse topography packs plenty of potential for ballooning . Named for the pastime 's French inventors , the more than 25-year-old France Montgolfieres company offers launches from nine sites throughout the country . The newest base , Forcalquier in Haute Provence , has fast become one of the most popular . Nestled between the Alps and the Mediterranean , it 's the perfect jumping off point to float over the medieval hilltop villages and lavender country of Provence . Upon landing you 'll celebrate with a traditional toast de l'aeronaute . Serengeti National Park , Tanzania A bird 's eye view of unsuspecting wildlife takes safaris to new heights . Serengeti Balloon Safaris offers year-round flights over the Seronera Valley in the vast Serengeti National Park , home to zebra , giraffes , hippos , lions and leopards . The company also offers seasonal flights in other areas of the park during the annual wildebeest migration . Equipped with "  stealth " burners , the balloons quietly float above the acacia treetops , launching at dawn when winds are favorable and game are most active .	Looking to see the world from a different perspective ? Ballooning could be for you Visit Albuquerque or Quebec for mass displays of ballooning enthusiasm If you 're looking for a refined aerial trek , check out Napa Valley and Luberon , France
As you and your family look forward to countless holiday meals yet to come , the recently celebrated Antibiotic Awareness Week might have passed by unnoticed . Perhaps you 've never heard of this global effort to bring attention to the increasing problem of antibiotic-resistant infections . But if you found yourself pausing in front of the "  antibiotic-free " turkey on sale in many stores at Thanksgiving , wondering what those words meant -- and why these birds are more expensive than ones without that label -- you 've already joined the debate about antibiotic use and misuse . The discovery of antibiotics revolutionized medicine some 75 years ago . It meant that bacterial infections that would otherwise result in death could be cured with miracle drugs like penicillin , sulfa and tetracycline . Infections following battlefield injuries or surgical procedures could finally be treated . Antibiotics could even be used to protect patients undergoing chemotherapy or a bone marrow transplant from the potentially lethal consequences of a weakened immune system , allowing doctors to be more aggressive in the treatment of cancers . Some infections did n't respond to antibiotics , because the bacteria that caused them were "  resistant " -- that is , they could disable an antibiotic , or pump it out as fast as it got into a bacterial cell . Some bacteria simply made alternate versions of the enzymes normally targeted by antibiotics , versions that were no longer blocked or inhibited by an antibiotic . Usually , there was another antibiotic on the shelf that could still be counted on to work . But that is no longer the case for many of the multi-drug-resistant bacteria causing infections around the world . How did we get to this point ? The answer is complicated , but we can start with the turkey . For over 60 years , poultry and livestock have been fed antibiotics for their "  growth-promoting " and "  disease-preventing " effects . The Pew Charitable Trusts estimated that almost four-fifths of the 37 million pounds of antibiotics sold in the United States in 2011 were for meat and poultry production . Worldwide , more antibiotics are used for agriculture , aquaculture and horticulture than for treating humans . These antibiotics act on the bacteria that live on and in all animals , suppressing the growth of bacteria that are sensitive to the antibiotic and favoring the growth of bacteria that are resistant . A nightmare health scenario we can stop This selection of antibiotic-resistant bacteria in animals has consequences for humans . Food-borne infections are increasingly caused by antibiotic-resistant Salmonella or campylobacter , with outbreaks causing recalls and warnings . But the less headline-grabbing effects might be worse . Antibiotic-resistant bacteria in the feces of livestock and poultry make their way to environmental water sources , contaminate commercially sold meat , and are transferred directly to humans with animal contact . These antibiotic-resistant organisms can transfer the genetic know-how for antibiotic resistance to other bacteria within us . Because of this , the European Union banned the use of antibiotics in animals as growth promoters in 2006 . Why has n't the U.S. Food and Drug Administration done the same ? The agency on Wednesday issued a proposal to phase out the use of certain antibiotics in food-producing animals . As early as 1973 , the FDA published a rule in the Code of Federal Regulations directing drug companies to provide evidence that "  subtherapeutic " antibiotic use in food animals to promote growth and prevent infection was safe -- or face withdrawal of approvals for such use . In 1977 , the FDA made an announcement , proposing to withdraw approval of penicillin and tetracycline for use in food animals for any purpose other than treating active infection . Public hearings on the proposed withdrawals were to be held -- and that was the last action by the FDA until it withdrew the hearing notice in 2011 in response to suits by the Natural Resources Defense Council and others demanding that the FDA finally follow through on its plan from 1977 . A ruling by U.S. magistrate judge Theodore Katz in March 2012 ordered the FDA to reissue its findings and initiate withdrawal proceedings , a decision the FDA has since appealed . In the intervening 40 years , the evidence linking antibiotic use in food animals and antibiotic-resistant infections in humans has continued to grow . The 2008 report of the Pew Commission on Industrial Farm Animal Production documented this evidence , and made a priority recommendation to "  phase out and then ban the nontherapeutic use of antimicrobials " in food animals . CDC sets threat levels for drug-resistant ` superbugs ' Legislative efforts at the federal and state levels to implement this recommendation have met with no success , however , as detailed in the October 2013 follow-up by the Johns Hopkins Center for a Livable Future . The FDA has done little more than to urge drug companies to "  voluntarily " stop marketing antibiotics for growth promotion -- but antibiotic use for disease "  prevention " is not discouraged , and proposed rules even weaken veterinary oversight of this practice . Some opponents warn that modern agriculture will collapse if growth-promoting antibiotics are banned in food animals , but the evidence suggests the opposite . Countries such as Denmark , which reduced antibiotic use in animals by 60 % since 1994 through bans , government monitoring and voluntary cutbacks , saw no declines in total production of poultry or pigs as a result -- and no increase in the amount of feed needed to produce a pound of meat . In fact , pork production has increased by 50 % since 1994 , and Denmark now exports 90 % of all it produces . Lisa Heinzerling , a professor of law at Georgetown University , argued this year in the Vermont Law Review that the FDA is facing a "  moment of truth , " a moment when "  an administrative agency must confront evidence concerning a social problem it is charged with addressing , and speak the truth , as best it can , about it . " Clearly , however , many entities involved in the sale and use of growth-promoting and preventive antibiotics in food animals profit from this practice and have effectively fought to delay its regulation and restriction . What can we do ? To start , vote with our wallets and buy turkey or chicken or ham that 's "  raised without antibiotics . " It sends a small but important message that encourages farmers who voluntarily avoid the use of antibiotics for growth promotion or disease prevention . But it 's clear that the solution requires action on a bigger scale if the United States is to implement recommendations made repeatedly for more than 40 years to limit antibiotic use in animals to the treatment of infections . Hopefully , most of us have taken our doctors ' advice to heart and no longer demand antibiotics for ourselves or our children at the first sign of a cold , sore throat , or cough -- all common symptoms of viral infections , on which antibiotics have no effect . What government tests found in your meat Encouragingly , the resulting decreases in antibiotic use in the community can be linked to decreases in antibiotic-resistant infections . Campaigns to promote judicious use of antibiotics in hospitals are likewise followed by decreases in the number of infections caused by multi-drug-resistant bacteria . Perhaps , in spite of the pressures to economize during this season , we can also examine the reasons used to justify antibiotic use in agriculture -- a bigger turkey or pig , sent to your table for a lower price -- and ask , are we really getting a bargain ?	The EU in 2006 banned antibiotics in animals as growth promoters More antibiotics are used for agriculture , aquaculture and horticulture than treating humans Evidence is growing linking antibiotics in food animals and antibiotic-resistant human infections
Ready to rip apart that dirty restaurant with the rude service , strange-looking patty melts and lukewarm coffee ? California lawmakers want to make sure you do n't get in financial , or legal , trouble because of it . A state law signed this week by Gov. Jerry Brown makes Yelp reviews a lot safer , saying that restaurants ca n't pursue legal action for customers who give them negative reviews . The digital-age legislation appears to be the first of its kind . It addresses so-called "  disparagement clauses , " lines included in businesses ' terms of service that prohibit customers from posting negative comments about the service they received . The new law bans such clauses . It would fine any business that tries to enforce one $ 2,500 the first time and $ 5,000 every time after that , with another $ 10,000 added if the action is considered "  willful , intentional or reckless . " It seems like a law so ridiculous would never be needed . Sure , freedom of speech under the First Amendment lets us tell the world that we just had the worst bowl of chili in the world , right ? Well , that has n't stopped restaurants and other service-industry spots from trying to go after customers for just that . Last month , Union Street Guest House in Hudson , New York , was featured in the New York Post for trying to fine wedding parties $ 500 for each negative online review by a member of their parties . Hundreds of people took to Yelp to complain about the policy and write mostly fake , eviscerating reviews of the hotel . "  Trying to prevent your customers from talking about their experiences is bad policy and , in this case , likely unenforceable anyway , " Yelp said . Overseas , a French blogger was fined the equivalent of about $ 3,200 after a negative review of a restaurant began surfacing prominently in Google searches .	California law bans restaurants from targeting bad reviews Reviews on Yelp and elsewhere ca n't lead to fines A New York site had a $ 500 fine for bad reviews from wedding parties
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The Other Hundred , a photo-book project featuring 100 photo stories of people across 91 countries , launched its first exhibition in Hong Kong on Thursday . The project takes aim at media rankings such as the Forbes Billionaire List and is instead dedicated to people whose lives deserve recognition but who would never make the cut , said Chandran Nair , creator of the project and CEO of the Global Institute For Tomorrow  GIFT  , an independent pan-Asian think tank based in Hong Kong . "  The goal of The Other Hundred is both to inform and to provoke thought . The implication of many of the rich lists and articles put out by the media is that being rich is the only way to succeed or live a life of meaning . The reality is that the majority of the people are not rich and we wanted to tell their side of the story , " Nair said . "  It 's ridiculous there are such lists like the world 's 100 most beautiful people when they really look nothing like me or you , " Nair added . GIFT received 12,000 submissions from 1,500 photographers in 156 countries . Nair , together with five other judges selected 100 for the accompanying photo book , published in July . The book includes short essays by acclaimed writers , such as author Pankaj Mishra , renowned Chinese poet Bei Dao and award winning journalist Amy Goodman . While the project aimed to shed light on the unspoken majority , Nair said that it does not attempt to celebrate poverty or criticize wealth . "  We 're trying to provoke people to define for themselves what it means to have a rich and fulfilled life . We 're not trying to criticize those who seek material wealth , but the reality is that not everyone aspires to be rich , and not everybody can , " Nair said . "  You can tell the world is crying out for a more nuanced look at the human condition . " One of the winning photographers , Theodore Kaye , said that he appreciated how the project also challenged the commercialization of the editorial market for professional photographers like himself . "  There 's a lot of pressure to deliver what the media wants and everybody at some point is going to bow down to it , " Kaye said . "  The project shows how life as it is for normal people and things as they truly are . " What was most important , said Nair , was photographers ' connection to the photo narratives . "  We did n't want to pick the photographer who parachuted into Afghanistan and got the photo of the exotic young girl in the shadows . We want a name to put to the faces and a story to tell , " Nair said . The exhibition will move next to Mumbai , New York , Beijing and Berlin in 2014 . GIFT plans to follow the project with "  The Other Hundred Entrepreneurs " in 2015 .	The Other Hundred , a project featuring 100 photo stories , launched its first exhibition The project takes aim at media rankings such as the Forbes Billionaire List CEO : "  We 're trying to provoke people to define for themselves what it means to have a rich and fulfilled life " The exhibition will move next to Mumbai , New York , Beijing and Berlin in 2014
CNN  -- Grapple fans should head to Mongolia each year on July 11 . It 's the day the country celebrates its independence , but also the beginning of something equally important : country-wide competitions to discover Mongolia 's top wrestler . The wrestle-fest is part of "  naadam " , the annual celebration of traditional Mongolian sports -- wrestling , archery and horse-racing -- that captivates villages , towns and cities across the country for three days . The grand wrestling competition held in the capital Ulaanbaatar is only open to those with a national ranking . But at a local level men , women and children , some as young as four years old , take part in the events . Sporting traditional garb , the reason for the wrestlers ' frontless shirts comes from a folktale . It tells of a woman who was disguised as a man and won the wrestling event . To avoid any deception again , wrestlers from then on had to compete bare-chested . While there is plenty of machismo on show , and despite the fact that the festival is often referred to as the "  three manly games , " women can compete in the archery competition and girls can ride as jockeys in the horse racing . "  Everyone loves horse racing in Mongolia ; it 's our national sport , " says Battsetseg Erdenekhuu , who works as a guide for adventure tourists in Mongolia . The annual event has become one of the biggest attractions for tourists visiting the country . Erdenekhuu believes that despite the influx of visitors the games are still as authentic as they have ever been because of their importance to local communities . "  For the main games of wrestling , archery and horse racing , it 's still very traditional , " she says . "  For the naadam opening ceremony in Ulaanbaatar , because more tourists come just for that , it 's a bit touristy as there are different shows held just for them . " Local and regional competitions are held across the country , with anyone able to compete in the events . Competitors and competition organizers usually spend around two months training and practicing before the events begin . Like most celebrations anywhere , food is just as important for the festivities , with deep-fried meat dumplings -- "  khuushuur " -- the most popular dish . "  Naadam with no khuushuur is not a complete naadam , " says Erdenekhuu . As a celebration of Mongolia 's nomadic past , the games will undoubtedly persist , believes Erdenekhuu . But she worries that the fast pace of change in the country with the current boom in mining could diminish the type of life the games commemorate . "  Visitors to the countryside and naadam will find it 's still very authentic , " she says . "  The city is different . Nomad life is very authentic but I 'm sure its going to change in a few years . "	Naadam is Mongolia 's annual sporting competition celebrated each year on the country 's independence day . Wrestling , archery and horse racing events take places across the country "  Naadam " means "  celebration " and "  games " in Mongolian
CNN  -- Officials recommended that more than 70,000 residents of the East Texas town of Bryan evacuate Thursday after a fertilizer warehouse caught fire , sending thick clouds of orange , toxic smoke into the air . City officials say they are worried the burning fertilizer could irritate skin and lungs . Another 10,000 residents of surrounding Brazos County were also included in the evacuation recommendation , officials said . City Manager David Watkins said 10 people were taken to a hospital with respiratory problems . Residue from the burning fertilizer ammonium nitrate can irritate skin and lungs . Smoke from the smoldering El Dorado Chemical Co. warehouse could be seen for miles . Watkins said he expected the fire to burn well into the evening , and that firefighters were not trying to extinguish the blaze , but were simply trying to keep it from spreading . Classes at nearby Texas A&M University were canceled , and the school opened Reed Arena , which can hold 12,000 people , for use as a shelter . "  We are prepared to do what it takes . We are bracing to possibly keep guests overnight , " spokeswoman Sherylon Carroll said .	NEW : 10 taken to hospital with respiratory problems , city manager says Fertilizer warehouse catches fire in Bryan , Texas Authorities recommend evacuation for tens of thousands Texas A&M cancels classes , opens arena for shelter
It 's happened to most of us . We suddenly wake up and find ourselves disoriented , wondering where we are , and possibly mistaking a light in the distance for something completely different . Usually it 's no big deal -- you shake it off , wake up and move on . If you happen to be pilot on a trans-Atlantic flight , the consequences can be much more serious -- like mistaking the planet Venus for another plane and sending the plane you 're piloting into a dive that slammed passengers into the ceiling and back to the floor . A report released Monday by Canada 's Transportation Safety Board describes what happened on January 14 , 2011 . The first officer on Air Canada flight 878 from Toronto to Zurich , Switzerland , was tired and needed a nap . The "  controlled rest " is legal and an accepted procedure in order to improve on-the-job performance and alertness . With the captain 's permission , the first officer drifted off for a few Zs . While the nap is supposed to last no more than 40 minutes , the first officer slept for 75 minutes and woke up feeling unwell , the report states . By that time , the captain had turned on the seat belt sign for some expected turbulence . There was also a U.S. Air Force C-17 nearing the Air Canada 767 . The first officer saw a bright object ahead of the plane -- the planet Venus -- and mistook it for the approaching C-17 . The captain corrected him and said the C-17 was straight ahead and 1,000 feet below . At that point , the captain of the Air Canada jet and the C-17 pilots flashed their planes ' landing lights at each other to acknowledge their position . But the first officer , still believing that the object in the sky above him was the cargo plane , initiated a dive to avoid the perceived imminent collision -- sending the jetliner toward the Air Force plane . The captain saw what was happening and immediately pulled back on the control column in a frantic attempt to increase altitude . As quickly as that , the C-17 passed underneath the Air Canada jumbo jet with 103 people on board . Within seconds , the plane had gone from its assigned altitude of 35,000 feet down to 34,600 feet and back up to 35,400 feet before finally recovering back to its 35,000 feet cruising altitude . It sent passengers who were not wearing their seat belts flying . "  I was sleeping and I was literally and violently thrown out of my seat and was slammed into the ceiling , " passenger Louisa Pickering told the CBC . "  I hit the top of the ceiling and fell back to the ground . " Many of the passengers thought the plane had hit something . "  It did n't feel like turbulence , " she said . "  It was very sudden -- it felt like it was one violent bump . " The sudden drop was a shock for unsuspecting passengers . "  Some people were working on their laptops and had their seatbelts on , " passenger Ashlyn O'Mara said in a CBC interview . "  Their laptops went flying , completely gone , glasses went missing . " "  People were screaming , " she added . Fourteen passengers and two flight attendants were injured . "  I do remember them asking for a doctor -- if there was a doctor , " Pickering said . "  There was a pregnant woman on the flight and she had some injuries . " The flight continued to Zurich , where the injured passengers and crew were treated . The report says the incident points out a couple of inherent risks . First , "  North American-based pilots flying eastbound at night towards Europe are at increased risk of fatigue-related performance " issues . It also gives credence to the warning you often hear -- but might ignore -- that passengers should wear their safety belts at all times when seated .	The report says the first officer became disoriented after a nap He mistook Venus for an oncoming cargo plane The Air Canada jet went into a violent dive 14 passengers and 2 flight attendants were injured
A principal was killed and eight other people were injured in a grenade and gun attack on a school in the Pakistani city of Karachi , a police spokesman said Saturday . An unidentified motorcyclist hurled the hand grenade at the private middle school in the Baldia Town area of Karachi before letting off a volley of shots , police spokesman Asif Nawaz Sheikh told CNN . The school principal , named as Abdul Rasheed , was badly hurt and later died of his injuries in the hospital , the spokesman said . The eight others injured included a teacher and students at the school , he said . They were transferred to the Jinnah Post Graduate Medical Center and the Civil Hospital . Caretaker Prime Minister Mir Hazar Khan Khoso condemned what he called a cowardly attack on innocent children , the official Associated Press of Pakistan  APP  news agency reported . The targeting of school children , including girls , reflected the brutality of the terrorists , he said , according to APP . Khoso , the former chief justice who was sworn in as interim prime minister less than a week ago , directed the local administration to give all the help needed to the families affected . The attack is only the latest to target educators in Pakistan . Another teacher , Shahnaz Nazli , recently died in the country 's northwestern Khyber tribal district in recent days after she was shot by two men on a motorcycle as she made her way to the girls ' school where she taught In January , five teachers were killed near the town of Swabi in the volatile northern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , the United Nations says . In the wake of Nazli 's death , an online petition has been set up calling for Pakistan 's government to take a greater role in protecting girls and teachers to safely attend school . First to sign it was Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai , who was herself the subject of a vicious attack last October . The 14-year-old was riding home in a school van in the Swat Valley , a Taliban stronghold , when masked men stopped the vehicle and shot her in the head and neck . Malala , whose campaigning for girls ' education in Pakistan gained international attention in 2009 , has made a good recovery since but is still receiving treatment for her injuries in Britain . U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon issued a statement Thursday through his spokesman condemning the recent attacks on teachers in Pakistan . "  In addition to the tragic loss of life , violence against teachers undermines confidence in education systems , traumatizes students , and discourages parents from sending children to school , " the statement said . "  Attacks on women teachers are particularly heinous because they disproportionately affect the girl students for whom they serve as role models . " Former UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who serves as the United Nations Special Envoy for Global Education , has championed education issues in Pakistan , especially after the shooting of Malala . In a piece written for CNN , he asked , "  Can the world agree that 2013 will be the year when a girl 's right to education will finally be won -- even in the most remote and once lawless corners of the globe ? "	An unidentified motorcyclist hurls a grenade at a school before firing shots , police say A school principal is killed in the attack in Karachi 's Baldia Town area , police say Eight others , including a teacher and students at the school , are injured The attack is the latest in a series targeting educators in Pakistan
An airstrike hits an open air market . An explosion rocks a school-turned-shelter . A booby-trapped tunnel explodes . These were among the scenes in Gaza in a more-than-three-week-old conflict that has left more than 1,300 people dead and even more wounded . The violence between Israel 's military and Palestinian militants played out Wednesday against a backdrop of another failed humanitarian cease-fire attempt , with militants firing rockets from Gaza into Israel and Israelis responding with airstrikes . With more than 100 people , mostly civilians , reportedly killed Wednesday in the fighting , the United Nations and the United States demanded more be done to protect civilians . A large part of the criticism has been leveled at Israel and its airstrikes , which have bombarded Gaza . Israel in turn has accused Hamas of hiding weapons , including rockets , in schools and launching attacks from near shelters . More than 1,300 Palestinians have been killed since the conflict between Israel and Hamas began on July 8 , the Palestinian Ministry of Health in Gaza said . The number of militants killed is unclear , but the United Nations estimates that 70 % to 80 % of the dead are civilians . Three more Israeli soldiers were killed Wednesday , bringing the total to 56 dead . Three civilians also have been killed in Israel . While saying Israel has a right to defend itself , White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz said , "  We 've also been very clear that Israel needs to do more to live up to its own standards to limit civilian casualties . " It was a sentiment echoed by U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf , who also said Israel is being put in a tough situation because "  Hamas is hiding rockets in places to prevent the Israelis from going after them . " "  So look , Hamas is taking steps here that put civilians at risk . But we do believe the Israelis need to do more , " Harf told reporters during a briefing . While there were calls on Israel to do more to protect civilians , the United States also agreed to Israel 's request to resupply it with several types of ammunition , a U.S. defense official told CNN on condition of anonymity . It 's not an emergency sale , the official said . Among the items being bought are 120mm mortar rounds and 40mm ammunition for grenade launchers , the official said . Those will come from a stockpile the United States keeps in Israel , which is worth more than $ 1 billion . U.N. facility struck Sanaa Abugerad was among some 3,000 Palestinians at a school-turned-shelter when it was hit by artillery early Wednesday . "  We saw the shells when they hit , and shrapnel was falling like rain , " she told CNN . "  I was so scared and the school filled with smoke . We poured water in our eyes just to see . " The United Nations blamed Israel for the attack , with U.N. spokesman Chris Gunness saying his group 's initial assessment indicates Israeli artillery hit the school . The number of deaths was not immediately clear , Gunness said . The Palestinian Health Ministry said 20 were killed . But Israel said a group of militants fired at Israeli soldiers from the vicinity , and the soldiers "  responded by firing at the origin of the fire , " a military spokesman said . "  If our forces were involved in a firefight , it 's because Hamas has decided that it 's open season on the U.N. , " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN Wednesday . At the same time , Hamas TV reported people were killed in shelling near a street market in northern Gaza . The Gaza Health Ministry reported 17 people died . Israel has said errant Hamas rocket fire is responsible for some of the attacks in Gaza . "  More than 200 rockets fired from Gaza have hit Gaza since July 8 . Palestinian terrorists fire from civilian areas and hit their own people , " the IDF said on Twitter , along with videos that the military said show Hamas fighters launching attacks from inside homes , mosques , hospitals and schools . ` Humanitarian window ' ends early The firing of rockets into Israel brought an early end to a four-hour "  humanitarian window " Wednesday in Gaza . In making the offer earlier in the day for the humanitarian cease-fire , Israel said the window would not apply to areas in which Israeli soldiers were already operating , and Israel would "  respond to any attempt to exploit this window to harm " civilians or troops . It also told residents to stay away from areas they 've been asked to evacuate . Fighting raged in many areas of Gaza , with the Israel Defense Forces reporting three of its soldiers killed . The three died while uncovering a tunnel shaft in a home in southern Gaza . "  The house and the tunnel were booby trapped with two explosive devices that were detonated , " the IDF said . Hamas said its fighters "  lured a special Zionist unit which consisted of between 15 to 20 soldiers to a booby-trapped house with 12 IED canisters . " Twenty-seven Israeli soldiers were wounded in several incidents Wednesday in Gaza , the IDF said . Israel delivers some fuel More than 200,000 Palestinians are packing into 85 shelters across Gaza , Gunness said Wednesday , calling the situation a "  human displacement crisis . " The Israeli Foreign Ministry , meanwhile , announced on Twitter that Israel has sent into Gaza more than 4 million liters of diesel for the power station , 3 million liters of fuel and 800,000 liters of benzene for transportation , and 1.6 tons of gas for domestic use during the conflict . Forty-three trucks "  carrying over 750 tons of food , medicine & supplies " entered Gaza Wednesday from Israel , the ministry said . It provided information on how people can donate humanitarian supplies , and a contact at the Palestinian Customs Agency . Inside a Hamas tunnel What is Hamas ' endgame in Gaza ? What is Israel 's endgame in Gaza ? Opinion : Gaza peace struggle drains me of hope What You Need to Know About the Israel-Hamas Blame Game	"  Shrapnel was falling like rain , " says a woman at a shelter that was shelled White House says Israel must do more to protect civilians More than 1,300 killed in Gaza , Palestinian officials say 3 more Israeli soldiers killed , bringing total to 56 plus 3 civilians in Israel
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Official results have yet to be published , but preliminary returns appear to show that the once-banned moderate Islamist party Ennahda has won Tunisia 's historic elections , according to several political parties and Tunisian media outlets . On Tuesday night , victory celebrations erupted outside the modest office building in downtown Tunis where Ennahda is headquartered . A crowd of about a hundred party supporters gathered , singing the national anthem , clapping and chanting . Tunisians awoke Tuesday to the front page of El Maghreb newspaper , which featured a giant photo of Ennahda leader Rachid Ghanouchi next to a saluting member of the presidential guard , with the caption "  Ennahda close to the government ? " Meanwhile , the French-language daily Le Temps depicted a presidential throne on a pillar carrying the Ennahda logo , followed by smaller chairs atop two smaller columns labeled with the secular parties Congres pour la Republique  CPR  and Ettakatol . Boubaker Bethabet , secretary-general of the Independent High Authority for the Election , told reporters at a news conference Tuesday afternoon that preliminary results were available for five districts . Of the 39 seats available in those districts , Ennahda took 15 , CPR took six and Ettakatol took four . Those results still must be certified , he said . Representatives from all three parties told CNN their own preliminary results showed that Ennahda captured first place , followed by CPR and Ettakatol . The parties were already looking forward to the possibility of establishing a governing coalition in the future 217-seat Constituent Assembly . "  It 's possible ... I hope we can put a coalition of this type together , " said CPR leader Moncef Marzouki , when asked about the possibility of establishing a coalition of the three apparent front-runners . Marzouki said Tunisians had demonstrated in the country 's first free election in modern history their vision for the future of the country . "  Tunisians want centrist politics , " he said . "  They want an Arab-Muslim identity  Ennahda  and also democracy and human rights represented by the two parties CPR and Ettakatol . " The vote was historic not only in Tunisia -- which , until now , had n't had a national election since it became independent in 1956 and for 23 years was ruled by Zine El Abidine Ben Ali -- but also in the region and the world . Since Ali was ousted in January -- a month after 26-year-old street vendor Muhammad Al Bouazizi set himself afire after a police officer seized his goods -- residents in several other Arab nations have similarly rallied for democratic reforms and against their leaders , many of whom held power for decades and allowed little dissent . Mohamed Kamez Jendoubi , the head of the country 's election commission , said Monday that more than 80 % of the North African nation 's registered voters cast ballots Sunday . According to Tunisia Afrique Presse , 4,100,812 people registered to vote prior to the election in a country of more than 10 million . But Jendoubi said many unregistered voters -- "  mostly youth and women " -- showed up Sunday for last-minute registration . As early as Monday night , top Ennahda party officials were already celebrating CPR and Ettakatol 's expected second and third place finishes in the vote count . "  We 're happy that the second and third party are serious parties that never resorted to scare tactics , " said Moadh Kheriji , Ghanouchi 's chief of staff . But the rise of a party closely identified with Islam sounded alarm bells for Tunisian secularists . Tuesday afternoon , a group of about 200 protesters gathered outside the headquarters of Tunisia 's electoral commission to denounce the expected Ennahda victory . Some carried signs saying "  No to fraud . " Meanwhile , the mood was gloomy in Tunis ' upscale neighborhood of Menzah , where patrons at a swish coffee shop were commiserating about Ennahda 's apparent victory . "  We are scared about losing some freedom , some rights . Especially women are scared , " said Zohra Marzouk , who works for a company that distributes beer . But in an interview with CNN , the daughter of Ennahda 's leader insisted women like Marzouk have nothing to fear . "  I 'm a Tunisian woman . I 'd be the first concerned if there was a change . I 'm a working woman , I 'm active in civil society , " said Soumaya Ghanouchi , an academic who lived in exile for 22 years until last January 's revolution . "  I personally do n't see any contradiction between Islam and ... women 's rights . " Ghanouchi said that she hoped Ennahada would provide an democratic model to other Islamist political movements in the region , such as Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood . "  That 's the lesson Ennahada can give other Islamist movements in the region . Its how we work together with other political parties in spite of ideological differences . Its really a practical program of change . "	New : Ennahda supporters celebrate their apparent victory New : The daughter of Ennahda 's leader insists women 's rights will be protected Preliminary results are announced for five districts Ennahda may form a coalition with two other parties
CNN  -- Weeks after Lance Armstrong 's startling admission that he used performance-enhancing drugs throughout his cycling career , the world of sport has been rocked by explosive new allegations about cheating in sports-mad Australia . On Thursday , the Australian Crime Commission  ACC  published the findings of a year-long investigation that claimed the use of banned substances such as growth stimulants was "  widespread " among professional athletes across a range of sports there . In many instances , the report said , the substances are not yet approved for human use . In its conclusion , the ACC said there are clear parallels between what has been discovered in Australia and the US Anti-Doping Agency investigation into Armstrong -- who was recently stripped of his seven Tour de France titles -- underlining the transnational threat posed by doping to professional sport . The report stressed that it is not just athletes that are involved , but their support staff , doctors and organized criminal elements . What is doping ? It involves an athlete taking drugs or blood products to artificially boost their performance during training and competition . What substances are we talking about here ? The ACC report identified an evolving market in a new generation of Performance and Image Enhancing Drugs  PIEDs  -- known as peptides and hormones . According to the ACC , some of these substances are perceived by athletes to be undetectable , making them attractive to those seeking to gain an unfair advantage . -- Growth Hormone Releasing Peptides "  Peptides " stimulate the release of an increased level of human growth hormone  hGh  , making them popular among athletes and body builders to promote muscle growth . They are also used in combination with anabolic steroids -- which also promote size and strength -- to maintain muscle gain . They are sold as a cream or in a solution for injection . While some peptide supplements are perfectly legal as a recovery aid after exercise , growth-stimulating peptides are classified as a prohibited substance on the World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  Prohibited List and therefore are banned for use by professional athletes in and out of competition . -- Growth Hormone Variants The report also identified the use of AOD-9604 , a variant of growth hormone with fat-burning properties often taken by athletes to increase their power . Clinical trials suggest it may even help to repair and enhance muscle formation , according to the ACC report and WADA . AOD-9604 is not prohibited by WADA . -- Selective Androgen Receptor Modulators  SARMs Like anabolic steroids , SARMs build strength , bone density and muscle mass by stimulating the body 's androgen receptor , which itself boosts the uptake of testosterone -- the main male hormone -- into cells . SARMs have a lower risk of side effects normally associated with the prolonged use of anabolic steroids , such as high blood pressure , liver damage , depression , baldness , the development of male characteristics in females and the development of breast tissue in males . According to ACC report , SARMs are often used in combination with other PIEDs , including hGh . SARMs are a prohibited substance for elite athletes both in and out of competition under WADA rules . -- InsulIn-lIke growth factors  IGF-1 IGF-1 is one of the primary hormones necessary for cell growth in the body . Many athletes use IGF-1 for its anabolic effect in muscle and to facilitate the development of cartilage and bone . In many cases , athletes will use hGh and IGF-1 in small doses to reduce the chances of returning a positive anti-doping sample , the ACC report says . IGF-1 is also banned by WADA . -- Mechano growth factor  MGF A variant of IGF-1 , MGF leads to an increase in the muscle cells necessary for adult muscles to continue growth beyond their genetic limit . It is often used by bodybuilders due to its role in muscle repair following exercise . Banned under WADA rules , MGF is also illegal to possess in many countries without a prescription . -- Other substances The ACC report also identified a number of other performance-enhancing substances -- some being prescription only medicines : Ipamorelin and Sermorelin -- both peptides with anabolic effects , which are both prohibited by WADA . Follistatin -- Promotes muscle growth . Banned by WADA , with its possession without legal authority is illegal . Thymosin -- Used to speed up recovery from injury , it is an unregulated substance banned by WADA .	Australian Crime Commission finds evidence of "  widespread use " of doping in sports ACC : Clear parallels with the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency investigation into Lance Armstrong Identifies new generation of Performance and Image Enhancing Drugs  PIEDs Some substances perceived as undetectable , making them attractive in sport
CNN  A Russian property developer , a Chinese outfit operating shell companies and Venezuelan officials ripping off the state-owned oil companies -- all of them are accused of coming to a bank in the European principality of Andorra to "  wash " their money . Now the U.S. Treasury is casting a spotlight on the alleged misdeeds of senior managers at the Banca Privada d'Andorra  BPA  , several of whom have been arrested in the past few days . The Treasury Department has alleged that "  high-level managers -LSB- at BPA -RSB- accepted payments and other benefits from their criminal clients . " The Andorran authorities took over the running of the bank after the Treasury revelations , and the director general of the Banca Privada , Joan Pau Miquel Prats , was arrested late Friday . Two more bank officials were arrested Sunday . Tiny Andorra , nestled in the rugged Pyrenees mountains , has two big neighbors . One is France . And the scandal has spread to its other neighbor , Spain , where corruption among public officials is a hot-button political issue . Prats had driven BPA 's expansion into Spain , through its acquisition of Banco Madrid , in 2011 . Banco Madrid caters to wealthy private clients and came under investigation by Spanish financial authorities last year . Since the BPA scandal broke , the commission that investigates illicit financial activity , Sepblac , has raised questions about accounts held by influential Spanish political and business figures at the Banco Madrid . They have not been named . The Central Bank has taken control of Banco Madrid and sent in two inspectors to examine accounts there . The bank 's board , which included Prats and a former high-ranking official of the Central Bank , resigned on Thursday . Spanish officials say some 20 suspect operations at the bank are being examined . Spanish authorities are separately investigating substantial assets held at the Banca Privada d'Andorra by members of the Pujol family , who have long been prominent in the politics of Catalonia , a region of Spain that includes Barcelona . The director of the U.S. Treasury 's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network , Jennifer Shasky Calvery , said that "  BPA 's corrupt high-level managers and weak antimoney laundering controls have made BPA an easy vehicle for third-party money launderers to funnel proceeds of organized crime , corruption and human trafficking through the U.S. financial system . " BPA has correspondent accounts with four banks -- HSBC , Citigroup , Bank of America and Deutsche Bank -- through which hundreds of millions of dollars passed . Senior managers at BPA tailored services to their clients to disguise the origin of funds , the Treasury said . One manager provided "  substantial assistance " to a Russian client , Andrei Petrov , described by the Treasury as a "  third-party money launderer working for Russian criminal organizations . " Petrov had also received a line of credit from Banco Madrid and is alleged to have bribed local officials in the resort where he set up a property development company . He was arrested in Spain two years ago and is accused of helping launder some 56 million euros  $ 59 million  in proceeds from Russian criminal organizations . Petrov is yet to go on trial . According to the U.S. Treasury , Petrov has links with one of the FBI 's most wanted fugitives , Simeon Mogilevich . BPA is also alleged to have helped Venezuelan money launderers siphon funds from the state-owned oil company , Petroleos de Venezuela . "  This money-laundering network worked closely with high-ranking government officials in Venezuela , resident agents in Panama , and an Andorran lawyer to establish Panamanian shell companies , " the Treasury said . BPA processed about $ 2 billion in transactions by shell companies related to the scheme . Treasury said another senior official at BPA accepted bribes in return for processing bulk cash transfers for a Chinese money launderer , Gao Ping , who was arrested in Spain in September 2012 . "  Through his associate , Ping bribed Andorran bank officials to accept cash deposits into less scrutinized accounts and transfer the funds to suspected shell companies in China , " it said in a statement . Credit rating agency Standard & Poor 's has reacted to the growing scandal by downgrading Andorra 's rating . Andorra is highly dependent on its banking sector , which makes up some 20 % of its GDP . Spain has long battled the presence of Russian organized crime on its soil . After the collapse of the Soviet Union , wealthy Russians came to Spain for its climate and what were then lax financial controls . Among them were more than a few "  vory v zakone , " the top echelon of Russian organized crime , according to Spanish officials . Spanish prosecutor Jose Grinda Gonzalez told U.S. officials five years ago that these individuals had no known jobs and unknown sources of income , yet they lived in large mansions . Grinda 's remarks were reported in a diplomatic cable later published by WikiLeaks . Grinda had prosecuted Zakhar Kalashov , a Georgian-born , Russian citizen widely regarded as one of the most powerful figures in the Russian mafia . Last year , before he completed his nine-year sentence , a Spanish appeals court deported Kalashov to Russia , where he is now a free man . Another Spanish prosecutor , Fernando Bermejo , told US officials in 2009 that there was large scale money-laundering going on in Catalonia and "  many , many " members of the Russian mafia were active there . Because of growing international cooperation , Spanish prosecutors have stepped up their pursuit of alleged gang leaders , money launderers and embezzlers from Eastern Europe . Among the latest to be detained is a former finance minister from Ukraine , Yuriy Kolobov . He was detained at a luxury development in Alicante earlier this month , after prosecutors in Kiev charged him with embezzlement and is awaiting extradition . Kolobov was a minister in the government of President Viktor Yanukovych , who fled Ukraine during street protests a year ago . Helena Cavendish de Moura contributed to this report	The U.S. Treasury is casting a spotlight on the alleged misdeeds of senior managers at the Banca Privada d'Andorra The Andorran authorities took over the running of the bank after the Treasury revelations
CNN  -- Texas conservative Pete Sessions has dropped out of the running to replace Rep. Eric Cantor as the No. 2 Republican in the House leadership . "  After thoughtful consideration and discussion with my colleagues , I have made the decision to not continue my run for House majority leader , " Sessions said in a statement . "  Today , it became obvious to me that the measures necessary to run a successful campaign would have created unnecessary and painful division within our party , " he continued . Sessions , in appealing directly to the conservative base of the GOP , argued initially that he should succeed Cantor on the leadership roster because he is a red-state Republican who can bring that sensibility to the party hierarchy . Cantor lost his primary on Tuesday in Virginia in stunning fashion , and will leave the leadership post at the end of July . House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy of California is considered the frontrunner to succeed him in a vote next Thursday . Cantor endorsed McCarthy . Earlier : High-profile battle on for Cantor 's leadership post	Texas Republican argued that he should be selected as next majority leader But he then said in a statement that he talked to colleagues , wants to avoid division Cantor lost his primary this week in a stunning upset He will vacate the leadership post at the end of July
CNN  -- World leaders are meeting in Seoul this week to discuss how to deal with the threat of nuclear terrorism . The effort to prevent the misuse of nuclear materials and the spread of nuclear weapons has long-placed most emphasis on defensive measures . These are essentially on the "  supply side " -- aiming to choke off the flow of nuclear weapon components and radiological materials to terrorists . While there is a place for such steps , there is another , and perhaps more successful way , to accomplish the goal . One of the gravest threats to nuclear proliferation arises from the nations that use proxy groups -- seemingly independent organizations that are paid to further the interests of governments . Ending or reducing the use of such proxy groups has real potential to reduce the availability of such materials to terrorists . Perhaps the single , most dominant security threat stems from the nuclear-tipped country of Pakistan , with its accepted use of proxy groups to promote the perceived national interest . Third-party transfer , where a country receiving weapons sells or gives them to another party , is always a danger , and with it looms the possible catastrophe of nuclear weapons in the wrong hands . It is clear that the U.S. government is working hard with Pakistani officials to ensure that security at nuclear facilities and radioactive material storehouses is more robust . This has been taking place for years . For example , David E. Sanger and William J. Broad 's New York Times article in 2007  U.S. Secretly Aids Pakistan in Guarding Nuclear Arms  describes initiatives undertaken from the time of the Clinton and Bush administrations and the complexities associated with efforts to work with an ally that remains fundamentally "  suspicious " of our intentions . But the broader question remains : Why does Pakistani leadership continue its half-hearted support for counterterror practices aimed at those in a position to acquire such materials ? For one thing , Pakistan has a legacy of using proxy groups to promote its national security interests that goes back at least to the 1950s . At the time , Prime Minister Mohammad Daud Khan of Afghanistan worked to stoke nationalist demands and aspirations from the Pashtun population in geographical locales near the "  Durand Line , " the disputed border between Pakistan and Afghanistan . In turn , Pakistani leaders used Islam as a framework and its own proxies as counterweights , to promote an alternate vision of a unified region unfettered by political instability and social unrest . Lashkar-e-Tayyiba  "  Army of the Righteous "  is perhaps the most prominent Pakistani proxy in the contemporary world because it is generally recognized as having carried out the Mumbai terrorist assaults in 2008 . This terrorist group is long known for its fierce struggle in Kashmir against Indian-supported political leaders and Indian security forces . To be sure , Pakistan is not the only country in South Asia that practices international politics in this way ; India has also used its own set of proxies to promote national interest in effective and sustained ways in places such as Afghanistan and Bangladesh . But while the use of proxies in the region is not especially new , the risks nowadays are compounded by the presence of nuclear weapons and radiological materials . It is vital that Pakistan comes to grips with its use of proxy groups and explores alternatives . The use of proxies in pursuit of national policy also has implications with respect to Iran , with its track record of trying to enhance its power in Iraq by supporting insurgents and providing know-how for the building of improvised explosive devices . In Afghanistan , where the weak Karzai government remains unable or unwilling to meet its security obligations outside of Kabul , Iranian proxies wield their influence . It is likely that Iranian leaders support the Shia organizations in Sunni-dominated Pakistan as well as Shia militant group Sipah-e-Muhammad with the broader aim of destabilizing Pakistan , in no small part to undermine American efforts in the region . What does that portend for possible short-run relationships between Israel and Pakistan if Iran is deemed a common threat ? In turn , what does that portend for the United States from its own geostrategic position ? We should take a page out of the conflict resolution literature playbook and use bargaining techniques that seek to isolate and identify motivations behind Pakistan 's position on the use of proxy groups . For example , the fears and anxieties political leaders experience often drive "  hard-line " bargaining positions on issues , and knowing what those fears are in the case of Pakistan , U.S. leadership can work to relieve those fears by providing alternatives . Another technique is to break down large seemingly unsolvable problems into smaller , more manageable ones . For instance , the broader policy of drone use by the U.S. can be broken down into smaller policies where agreement is possible . One possibility is putting in place tighter restrictions to satisfy Pakistan 's leaders on when drones should be used , in what specific cases or as backups to other forms of interdiction . In turn , compromises like those can and should be linked to issues of importance to the U.S. such as stronger Pakistani support for U.S. talks with the Taliban and greater transparency by the Pakistanis about security policies . Such talks might start a process that could lead to new agreements that come closer to confronting Pakistani proxy use . All of this requires unequivocal American commitment to Pakistan for the long haul , to allay fears of abandonment . Against that backdrop , such problem-solving efforts would generate alternatives that might lead to innovative thinking about new security arrangements in Pakistan and other countries such as India and Afghanistan . It is possible to reduce the threat of nuclear weapons and radiological material dissemination by reducing reliance on proxy groups , and that could be our most effective tool in this ongoing battle . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Chasdi .	World leaders meeting in Seoul to discuss security measures against nuclear terrorism Richard Chasdi : One major source of risk is the use of proxy groups by nations He says nuclear-armed Pakistan is one of the countries where proxy groups have been used Chasdi : In a nuclear age , empowering proxy groups could lead to disaster
CNN  -- Ana Ivanovic won a battle of former French Open champions as she dispatched Russia 's Svetlana Kuznetsova in straight sets at the WTA tournament in Rome Monday . Ivanovic claimed her only grand slam win at Roland Garros in 2008 and boosted her preparation for another tilt at the title in Paris later this month with a 6-4 6-3 victory . Windy conditions at the Foro Italico hindered both players during a 73-minute match , but it was Serbia 's Ivanovic who adapted the better . "  It was hard to play , especially on the service because of the strong gusts of wind , " she told the official tournament website . "  I 'm achieving a good level thanks to the work I 'm doing with my coach , " she added . Ivanovic took all five of her break point opportunities against Kuznetsova , who succeeded her as French Open champion in 2009 . Two breaks of service in the opener gave Ivanovic the advantage and she broke through three more times in a second set , including to love in the final game as she wrapped up victory . She faces either Alberta Brianti of Italy or Spaniard Silvia Soler in the second round and a potential last 16 clash against Russian star Maria Sharapova awaits the 13th seed . The joint ATP/WTA tournament has attracted a stellar field , with the men 's event boasting the top four in the world , led by defending champion Novak Djokovic . He beat the ` king of clay ' Rafael Nadal in the 2011 final , but both exited early at last week 's Madrid Masters on the controversial blue surface . Roger Federer took advantage to leapfrog Nadal for second spot in the rankings with his 20th Masters Series title . But Nadal told the official tournament website that this did not concern him . "  To be number two or three is n't going to change my game . "  I am here in Rome and it is one of my favorite tournaments . I am motivated to play my best , " he added . Women 's world number one Victoria Azarenka will also be in action later in the week , coming off her final defeat in Madrid to a rejuvenated Serena Williams , who is also in the draw in Italy 's premier tennis tournament .	Ana Ivanovic through to second round of Italian Open in Rome Former No. 1 Ivanovic beats Svetlana Kuznetsova in straight sets Foro Italico hosts star-studded joint ATP/WTA tournament Novak Djokovic and Victoria Azarenka head the respective fields
CNN  -- A 52-year-old cruiserweight who spent 26 years in prison for a murder he did not commit won his professional boxing debut Saturday night . Dewey Bozella defeated Larry Hopkins by unanimous decision in the four-round match at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . The pugilist served time in New York 's Sing Sing prison after being found guilty of murder in 1983 ; his conviction was overturned two years ago . According to a biography on his website , Bozella was offered several opportunities for an early release if he would admit guilt and show remorse . "  Anger at his imprisonment gave way to determination and instead of becoming embittered , he became a model prisoner " and earned several degrees , the site says . President Barack Obama called Bozella this week , offering him encouragement in his fight . During his incarceration , Bozella was crowned the Sing Sing heavyweight champion . The main event Saturday night features Bernard Hopkins , 46 , who first became a world champion 16 years ago . The American boxer made history in May when he was awarded a points victory over Canadian Jean Pascal to become the sport 's oldest-ever holder of a global belt . The World Boxing Council  WBC  light heavyweight champion was to defend his title against Chad Dawson late Saturday . Hopkins is significantly older than his opponent . Dawson , currently ranked by Ring Magazine as the fourth-best light heavyweight in the world , is 29 , 17 years younger than the Pennsylvania-born Hopkins . Bozella 's story resonated with Hopkins , who served a five-year stretch in Graterford Prison in Pennsylvania between 1983 and 1988 . So impressed was Hopkins with Bozella that he trained with the newcomer ahead of his much-anticipated fight . "  It inspired me , " said Hopkins of Bozella . "  He chose to do what he did , and not only did he get freedom , but he got humanity . An opportunity to do something that was taken from him years and years ago . To be on a major , major fight card . "  And now that we became , I can say friends , and have understanding about that dark place that I put myself in , you know , I was n't innocent . But we still understand that dark place . Everybody has a story , but his is beyond a story . "	NEW : Dewey Bozella , 52 , defeated Larry Hopkins by unanimous decision Bozella spent 26 years on a murder conviction overturned two years ago The fight , at L.A. 's Staples Center , was Bozella 's first professional bout The main event features Bernard Hopkins , 46 , against a man 17 years his junior
CNN  -- Although his sport might not be the most high-profile Olympic discipline , Paul Elvstrom 's four consecutive sailing gold medals -- all in the same individual event -- guarantee him a place in the roll-call of all-time great Olympians . Elvstrom inducted during the launch of the ISAF Sailing Hall of Fame on November 5 , 2007 Only two other athletes -- Al Oerter  Discus  and Carl Lewis  Long Jump  -- have matched his feat , while just three others -- Hubert Raudaschl  Sailing  , Durward Knowles  Sailing  and Ivan Ossier  Fencing  -- have , like Elvstrom , appeared in eight or more separate Games . Born and raised near the Hellerup Marina in Copenhagen , Elvstrom began sailing at an early age , honing his skills at the famous Hellerup Sailing Club . He won his first Olympic gold aged 20 at the 1948 London Games  the sailing events were held off Torbay in Devon  , competing in the Firefly Class . It was to be the start of an Olympic career spanning an astonishing forty years . He repeated his success four years later in Helsinki -- by which point the Firefly had been renamed the Finn Class -- and again in Melbourne  1956  and Rome  1960  . Although the latter were to be the last Games in which he won a medal , he competed at a further four Olympics : Mexico  1968  , Munich  1972  , Los Angeles  1984  and Seoul  1988  . Father-daughter team In his last two Olympic outings , sailing in the Tornado Class , his boat was crewed by his daughter Trine , the only father-daughter team ever to have appeared together in Olympic competition . They came fourth and 15th respectively . As well as his Olympic victories Elvstrom won a host of other competitions , including 15 World Championships  in eight different classes  , and eight European Championships . In addition he has made significant contributions both to the formulation of the rules of competitive sailing , and also to sailing technology . He invented the "  hiking bench " -- a device that allows sailors to hone their skills on dry land -- and played an important role in the development of , among other things , the ratchet block , flexible life jacket and sailing boots with non-skid soles . In 1996 he was voted Sportsman of the Century by the Danish Sports Federation .	Elvstrom won four consecutive gold medals in the same event Olympic sailor record : 4 gold medals Sailor ; born February 25 , 1928 in Copenhagen , Denmark
CNN  -- They traded in their coveralls for suits , but many of the 33 miners who were trapped for 69 days in a gold and copper mine still sported their protective sunglasses when they appeared at the Chilean presidential palace Monday to accept awards for their ordeal . Chilean President Sebastian Pinera invited the miners , known as "  the 33 , " to a special ceremony in Santiago . The rescuers involved in the operation were also honored . The rescue earlier this month captured the attention of the world , as one by one the trapped miners were pulled to the surface in a custom-made capsule that was lowered through a hole drilled into the rock . The men survived underground for longer than anyone in history . "  If anybody doubted before this accident that faith moves mountains , if anybody doubted that when us Chileans get united we are capable of reaching great goals , if anybody doubted our ability to make great achievements , I think that your example has dissipated those doubts , " Pinera said , referring to the miners . "  All of those doubts disappeared with what is known today as the Miracle of San Jose , which is the miracle of this story . " The miners have garnered much attentions since their rescue , and many of them still wore the $ 400 Oakley sunglasses they were given to protect their eyes as the exited the mine . Hundreds of people gathered outside of La Moneda , the presidential palace , and cheered the miners as they arrived . Some wore hard hats and waved flags and posters with the miners ' photos . The successful rescue operation was seen as a boost to Chile 's image . "  When we found out that the company working the mine did n't have the ability to do the proper search-and-rescue effort , we made a decision . The decision was to assume in its entirety 100 percent of the responsibility , " Pinera said . The president continued , "  We searched for each one of you as if you were our children , finding you with the help of God , and rescuing you with the support and contribution of thousands upon thousands of heroes , some known , some others anonymously , who gave themselves entirely to the task while you were -LSB- trapped -RSB- in the depths of the mountain . " The rescue efforts were proof that Chile is committed to doing things right , the president said . "  That day -LSB- of the rescue -RSB- was a triumph of life over death , hope over pessimism , unity over division , courage over fear , and decisiveness over hesitation , " he said .	President Sebastian Pinera hosts the rescued miners Monday Hundreds of people waited outside to cheer them as they arrived The rescue showed the resolve of the Chilean people , Pinera says
CNN  -- Dealing with Merion is turning out to be tough enough . But Tiger Woods is also battling an injury at the U.S. Open in Pennsylvania . Woods revealed that he hurt his left arm while winning The Players Championship last month , which would explain why he grimaced noticeably on several occasions in the first round . The world 's top-ranked golfer was back in action in the second round Friday and shot a level-par 70 to complete two rounds at three-over-par 143 . Asked to provide more details about injury , Woods did n't elaborate . "  Well , it is what it is , " Woods said . Woods is bidding to win his 15th major but first since 2008 at the U.S. Open at Torrey Pines . Back then he had to deal with seemingly a more serious injury -- a broken leg . He memorably beat Rocco Mediate in a playoff . Given the challenging conditions at Merion , Woods suggested his total might not be so bad heading into the final two rounds . Storms caused delays of more than four hours Thursday -- Woods had to complete his first round Friday -- and play was eventually suspended due to darkness . Windy conditions added to the degree of difficulty at Merion 's shorter East Course . Woods , Rory McIlroy and Masters winner Adam Scott made for a dream pairing and while Scott struggled , Woods and McIlroy -- the second-ranked golfer -- fared better . Seen chatting amicably during the round , the duo compiled identical scores in the first two rounds . Beginning at the 11th hole , Woods birdied the 13th for a good start . Two bogeys , however , on the 14th and 18th , meant he had work to do on the first nine . He hit birdies on the second and fourth , although with a one-under-par in sight , he bogeyed the seventh . Americans Billy Horschel and Phil Mickelson , a five-time U.S. Open runner-up , co-led through two rounds with a one-under-par 139 . "  I played well , " Woods said . "  I just made a couple of mistakes out there . "  But I really played well . Maybe I could have gotten one or two more out of it , but it was a pretty good day . " McIlroy , who has n't hit peak form in 2013 , hit four birdies and four bogeys . "  I got through that tough stretch from 14 to 18 in only one over which was a pretty good effort , " he told Sky Sports . "  I played solid . It felt like every time I made a birdie I made a bogey straight away . "  It 's a course where you sort of feel like you can shoot a score but where they put the pins ... it 's just tricky and tough . I 'm right there for the weekend and I 'm happy about that . " Scott bettered Woods and McIlroy in the first round , shooting a 72 . But he came undone nearing the end of his second round , hitting four bogeys in a row from the third to the sixth hole . "  I just lost my rhythm early this morning when it was a bit cold and windy and just fought with it all day long , " Scott said . "  The putter kind of cooled off . "  I would have liked to make some putts and then you 're always happy . "	Tiger Woods said he injured his arm at the Players Championship Woods and Rory McIlroy are at three-over-par through two rounds at U.S. Open Masters winner Adam Scott struggled Friday at Merion , shooting a 75
CNN  -- The loose organization of hackers known as Anonymous released Friday a recording of a telephone call between the FBI and Scotland Yard that it said it recorded surreptitiously . The group posted the 16-minute conference call on one of its websites . The FBI and Scotland Yard acknowledged that the released recording was intended to be a private conversation , but blamed no particular group . A U.S. law enforcement source said the conversation was recorded after an e-mail that circulated Jan. 13 to the conference call participants was intercepted when one of those participants forwarded it to a personal e-mail account . "  It 's not that sophisticated , " the source said . "  It 's like vandalism . " "  The information was intended for law enforcement officers only and was illegally obtained , " the FBI said in a statement . "  A criminal investigation is under way to identify and hold accountable those responsible . " In the recording , law enforcement officials can be heard discussing advances in investigations into hackers . Some of the names of the hackers are bleeped out in the recording , while others are not . The law enforcement source told CNN that the call took place on January 17 , and concerned an investigation by British authorities into the LulzSec hacker group . The official said that no FBI computer systems were hacked . The agency has been investigating Anonymous for more than a year . Also on Friday , Anonymous announced that it planned to release e-mails related to the 2005 deaths of 24 unarmed Iraqi civilians during a U.S. military raid in Haditha . Anonymous posted online that it has hacked into Puckett & Faraj , a law firm representing one of the soldiers involved in the Haditha incident . The hackers say they have stolen 2.6 gigabytes of information from the firm including "  detailed records , transcripts , testimony , trial evidence , and legal defense donation records , " the online announcement said . The law firm did not immediately respond to a request for comment . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Dugald McConnell and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	"  It 's not that sophisticated , " a law enforcement source says of the surreptitious recording Anonymous says it recorded the call between the FBI and New Scotland Yard No FBI computer systems were hacked , a law enforcement official says
Gunmen with the Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab killed a Somali former lawmaker and injured a current Parliament member in a drive-by shooting in Somalia 's capital Thursday , police said . It marks the third deadly attack attributed to the group in as many days . The attack in Mogadishu killed former Somali legislator Liibaan Abdullahi . Mustaf Mayow , a current lawmaker , was seriously wounded , police Capt. Muse Farah told CNN . "  Al-Shabaab assailants in a vehicle blocked the  lawmaker 's  car , " Farah said . "  The attackers sped off . " An Al-Shabaab spokesman claimed responsibility for the attack and vowed to carry out similar shootings against Somali lawmakers . On Wednesday the Al-Shabaab militants attacked a United Nations convoy near Mogadishu 's airport killing at least four people , according to police Three of those killed were civilians and another was a security force member , Police Col. Mohamed Hassan said . Two United Nations vehicles were damaged , a U.N. official said , but no U.N. staff members were killed or injured in the attack . The Mogadishu airport also acts as a staging ground for United Nations operations and for the African Union troops on a peacekeeping mission in Somalia . On Tuesday Al-Shabaab militants raided a quarry in neighboring Kenya , separating non-Muslim workers from their Muslim counterparts and executing them , a spokesman for the group said Tuesday . At least 36 bodies were found dumped in the quarry in the village of Kormey , near the Somali border , the Kenyan Red Cross said . Al-Shabaab said the attack was retaliation for mosque raids that Kenyan security forces carried out last month to weed out extremists . The group has been active in East Africa for years , waging an armed campaign that initially aimed to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , according to the Council on Foreign Relations .	Al-Shabaab militants killed a former Somali Lawmaker Thursday , police say It was the third attack by Al-Shabaab is as many days Four people died when a U.N. convoy was attacked Wednesday Al-Shabaab says it killed 36 non-muslims at a quarry in Kenya Tuesday
CNN  Indonesian searchers battled bad weather Wednesday in their efforts to find more remains from AirAsia Flight QZ8501 , a day after the first signs of debris were spotted . There was conflicting information about whether any parts of the plane had been located underwater . One search official told CNN that he believes sonar equipment has detected wreckage from the plane at the bottom of the sea . "  I think that that 's the case , " said Muhammad Hernanto , the head of search and rescue for the city of Surabaya , where Flight 8501 began its journey on Sunday . He was dialing back earlier comments he made to CNN in which he said the sonar equipment had located wreckage from the plane . Indonesia 's national search and rescue chief said the body of the aircraft has n't yet been discovered . "  Until now , we have n't found the plane , " Bambang Soelistyo said , according to Indonesia 's national news agency Antara . "  We 've only found seven bodies to this day . " The grim discovery Tuesday of parts of the missing plane and several bodies on the surface of the sea dealt a heartbreaking blow to families whose loved ones were lost . Debris was found 100-200 kilometers  60-120 miles  from the aircraft 's last known location over the Java Sea , Indonesia 's search and rescue agency said . Seven bodies -- four men and three women -- have been recovered from the water so far , Soelistyo said . One of the women found was wearing a flight attendant 's uniform , he said . Search teams are looking for other bodies and parts of the plane , including its so-called black boxes . Those could help investigators determine what went wrong on the flight , which lost contact with air traffic controllers on Sunday with 162 people aboard . Sonar equipment has been searching the bottom of the sea , tens of meters below the water 's surface , according to SB Supriyadi , the search agency 's director of operations . Dozens of ambulances were lined up in the Indonesian city of Surabaya , ready to carry any bodies recovered . The search is n't easy ; heavy wind and rain , as well as big waves , are hampering efforts , officials said . Families ' anguish As families watched a live news conference Tuesday about the discovery of the debris and saw video of a helicopter lowering a diver to what appeared to be a floating body , some people fainted . Stretchers were brought into the room . Family members burst into tears , dabbing their eyes as officials passed out tissues . Some sat with their eyes full of tears , hands covering their mouths or heads buried in their hands . Others had phones jammed against their ears . "  Everyone became hysterical , especially the mothers . One mother even blacked out , " said Maria Endang Wirasmi , whose daughter , son-in-law and two grandchildren were on the flight . Her husband , Imam Sampurno , said he was relieved the plane had been found . "  We hope that our children will be saved by a miracle , " he said . AirAsia CEO Tony Fernandes told reporters he hoped there was "  at least some closure " for families . "  My heart is filled with sadness for all the families involved in QZ 8501 , " he tweeted . "  On behalf of AirAsia my condolences to all . Words can not express how sorry I am . " Flight 8501 was operated by AirAsia 's Indonesian affiliate . Military crew spotted an object 's shadow Soelistyo , the head of Indonesia 's search and rescue agency , said the debris was discovered when a crew on a military aircraft spotted the shadow of an object that looked like a plane in the water off the coast of Indonesia 's Central Kalimantan province on Borneo . Further searching found floating objects believed to be the bodies of passengers , and then what appeared to be an emergency exit of the plane . Officials sent other search teams racing to the area . Several nations are contributing resources to the effort , including the United States . The U.S. Navy destroyer USS Sampson arrived Tuesday . The USS Fort Worth is also being prepared to deploy from Singapore , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said . It "  can be ready to sail in a day or two to get on station and can be there very quickly , " he said . The United States is also preparing maritime patrol aircraft that could help , he said . The flight , which was lost Sunday on its way to Singapore , was carrying 155 passengers and seven crew members . The overwhelming majority were Indonesians . There were also citizens of Britain , France , Malaysia , Singapore and South Korea . Search and rescue teams are diverting all their resources to where the debris is , in the Karimata Strait , about 110 nautical miles southwest of the Indonesian city of Pangkalan Bun , AirAsia said . How can a modern airliner vanish ? Unanswered questions Fernandes said the focus for now must remain on the recovery effort , and no sweeping changes were planned for the airline , which has 1,000 flights a day . "  But rest assured , " he said , that once the investigation is done , if "  there are things we need to change , that we will change it . " The Airbus A320-200 lost contact with air traffic control early Sunday shortly after the pilot requested permission to turn and climb to a higher altitude because of bad weather , according to Indonesian officials . Authorities mounted a huge effort to find the aircraft , mapping out a search zone covering 156,000 square kilometers . Questions remain about why Flight 8501 lost contact with air traffic control and what happened afterward . Some experts have said the aircraft might have experienced an aerodynamic stall because of a lack of speed or from flying at too sharp an angle to get enough lift . Analysts have also suggested the pilots might not have been getting information from onboard systems about the plane 's position or that rain or hail from thunderstorms in the area could have damaged the engines . The key to understanding what happened is likely to be contained in the aircraft 's flight recorders . "  Until we get the black boxes , we wo n't know what 's going on with the engines , " said Bill Savage , a former pilot with 30 years of experience . Anguish revisited : Relatives of MH370 victims speak out about AirAsia QZ8501 CNN 's Andrew Stevens , Elizabeth Joseph , Felicia Wong , Mitra Mobasherat , Gary Tuchman , Brian Walker , Khushbu Shah , Jake Tapper and Will Ripley , journalist Archicco Guilianno and translators Azieza Uhnavy and Edi Pangerapan contributed to this report .	Official dials back earlier comments to CNN on discovery of wreckage Search chief says body of plane has n't been found yet Heavy wind and rain , as well as big waves , hamper search Surface debris found at least 100 kilometers  60 miles  from plane 's last known location
CNN  -- Chances are , there are some people in your life who spend a whole lot of their free time fiddling on the computer , tinkering with their phones in public settings , and yelling at the television when players perform poorly for professional sports teams that they supposedly hate . Yes , fantasy sports has become as much of a pastime as the actual playing of real sports in real life , and a testament to its power is FX 's "  The League , " a half-hour sitcom that follows a group of 30-something males  and one female  as they negotiate their own careers and adulthood by going to any length to sabotage their opponents en route to victory . "  The League " was created by "  Seinfeld " / "  Curb Your Enthusiasm " vet Jeff Schaffer and his wife , Jackie Marcus Schaffer . Both serve as writers , directors and producers for the show . "  It 's not just a sports comedy . If you know nothing about fantasy football , you 're still going to laugh your ass off , " Jackie says . "  The League " concluded its third season late last month and enjoyed its best numbers to date . Comedy heavyweights such as Seth Rogen , Sarah Silverman , Jeff Goldblum and Will Forte all made guest appearances alongside NFL players Maurice Jones-Drew , Matt Fort  and Sidney Rice . With the actual playoffs now in full swing , as well as a fourth season for the show slated for next fall , CNN spoke with the Schaffers about the show 's success and the subtle differences between a fantasy football joke and a fantasy league joke . CNN : How did the initial pitch for a show about fantasy football go ? Jackie : In television , they wo n't really let you through the door unless you have something of an organizing principle . For us , a fantasy football league is an adult male or co-ed book club . Thirty to forty million people play , and they just do n't play -- they 're obsessed with it . We like to say the show is a comedy about people who play fantasy football , not a comedy about fantasy football . We were lucky that FX saw that . The fantasy football concept is just an excuse for the characters to behave like villains and babies every week . Jeff : For us , people go "  Oh , my God , how can you do a show about fantasy football ? " But 35 million people playing something is not a niche . CNN : Jeff , you 've worked on "  Seinfeld " and "  Curb Your Enthusiasm . " Now that there 's three season of "  The League , " what 's different about the comedic styles ? Jeff : "  The League " is written and produced the same way that "  Curb " is written and produced . And "  Curb " was basically written the same way "  Seinfeld " was . All of it is based on stories and interweaving those in a satisfying half-hour . It may seem a little different , because the problems of Larry David are not necessarily the problems of every man . But Larry , who watches the show and enjoys it , he 'd say , "  We should do this " and I 'd say , "  No , we did that on ` The League . ' " Jackie : The dirty little secret is that "  Curb " and "  Seinfeld " are much cleaner shows . I 'm the one with the dirty sense of humor . CNN : "  The League " has slowly gained a fanbase of these last years . What 's been critical to its success ? Jackie : We make our show for about $ 750,000 per episode , in about three days . All on location , no set . And we have six leads . It 's a mad dash to make the show , but FX does not have big marketing budgets for their comedies . We are completely relying on word of mouth . Jeff : What  FX President  John Landgraf said to us : "  We need shows that can make their own noise . " Which is fine , and they leave it up to us to make our own noise . Our fans are very loyal and passionate and funny , and they 've seemed to embrace the show like it 's their secret . People feel very possessive of it and they want to show you this thing that they love . CNN : You also have this perfect storm , where the season airs during NFL season and fantasy football leagues are in full swing . Jackie : It 's a funny show about a shared passion . Jeff : The audience is growing , and we 're super-excited for season four . And we 're Tebowing that there will be a season five . CNN : The third season seemed to rely less on fantasy football jokes and went into the guys ' lives in a broader sense . Jackie : I think what happens when you get to the third season of a show , their lives begin to get fleshed out . For example , since the first season , we 've talked about the lure of Andre 's sister being this sexual mentor to the guys . As we continue to make those jokes , we decided to make room to meet her . You have the stories that you want to tell , but you also have the deep history and the lure that you want to start parceling out . The hardest thing about making the show is the time . We have 20 minutes and 45 seconds . With Jeff and "  Curb Your Enthusiasm , " they have the luxury of making it however long they feel like making it . We try to do a lot of fantasy lines and jokes , and some are more heavy than others . Jeff : There may have been less stories about fantasy football-specific stuff , but I thought there were just as many fantasy league stuff . The whole arc of the season is that they 've cheated in the draft order . That 's not a specific story like the one where Pete 's girlfriend wo n't let him play Michael Vick . We try to make the whole season about the league dynamic .	"  The League " was created by "  Seinfeld " vet Jeff Schaffer and his wife , Jackie Jeff Schaffer : " ` The League ' is written and produced the same way that ` Curb ' is " Jackie Marcus Schaffer : "  It 's a funny show about a shared passion "
CNN  -- Fall TV can be so hit ... or miss . And like it or not , it does n't take long for both viewers and networks to make the call . There have already been some surprise hits such as "  Sleepy Hollow " as well as some casualties : Both ABC 's "  Lucky 7 " and CBS ' "  We Are Men " were canceled after only two episodes , and there are surely more shows to follow . UPDATE : Since this story was first published , there have been some developments . According to Deadline , CBS has ordered full seasons of "  The Crazy Ones , " "  The Millers , " and "  Mom . " Meanwhile NBC has canceled "  Ironside " and "  Welcome to the Family , " The Wrap reported . Let 's take a look at how some of the network shows are faring : Hits  "  Sleepy Hollow "  Fox  -- This is one hit few saw coming . Fans appear to love it , and USA Today called it the "  best new show . "  "  The Blacklist "  NBC  -- James Spader is killing the game as a master criminal in this new drama . The show might also be benefiting from its lead-in , "  The Voice . " Either way , people are watching .  "  Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. "  ABC  -- This widely anticipated Joss Whedon production had a huge premiere but has slowed just a tad in recent weeks . It 's still big though , especially with the DVR set .  "  The Goldbergs "  ABC  -- So far , so good . Ratings have been decent , and this comedy might just swing a second season . According to Deadline , more scripts have already been ordered .  "  The Crazy Ones "  CBS  -- Mork and Buffy make a killer ratings combo , it seems . This sitcom starring Robin Williams and Sarah Michelle Geller appears to be pretty solid . The Salt Lake Tribune says it looks like a winner . A full season has been ordered .  "  The Millers "  CBS  -- Lucky show . Its lead-in is the ratings juggernaut "  The Big Bang Theory , " so , yeah , it 's doing well . Like "  The Crazy Ones , " CBS was pleased enough to order a full season .  "  The Originals "  CW  -- The "  Vampire Diaries " spinoff is getting respectable ratings and has had additional scripts ordered . CNN 's Fall Entertainment Guide Misses  "  The Michael J. Fox Show " and "  Sean Saves the World "  NBC  -- These two are grouped together because they have much in common : the return of two beloved actors , Michael J. Fox and Sean Hayes , and the fact that both , surprisingly , appear to be struggling . Variety listed them on their "  10 Coldest TV Shows of the Fall . "  "  Hostages "  CBS  -- This one does not have the ratings tied up . Do n't look for it to make a second season . "  Betrayal "  ABC  -- Proof that not every show built around a mistress will work . According to TV Guide , ratings are down , and some critics wonder if it will be the next series to be canceled .  "  Back in the Game "  ABC  -- Not every movie actor 's foray into television is going so well . We are going to go ahead and list this one starring James Caan as "  dead show walking . "  "  Welcome to the Family "  NBC  -- If you did n't get to know the family it 's too late , as NBC has announced its cancellation .  "  Mom "  Fox  -- All the elements are there . The comedy stars Anna Faris and Allison Janney and was created by Chuck Lorre , the mind behind hits such as "  Two and a Half Men . " So why is it not working ? Still , CBS has ordered a full season .  "  Ironside "  NBC  -- The reboot of this classic series with Blair Underwood starring as a paraplegic was called the "  worst new drama " by one critic . Viewers seem to agree . NBC recently decided to cancel the show . So-So  "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine "  Fox  -- This one feels very "  Parks and Recreation . " It 's a critical darling , but ratings have not been overwhelming . We are rooting for you , Andy Samberg .  "  Once Upon a Time in Wonderland "  ABC  -- This one has us a little worried . The big budget fairytale series occupies the Thursday 8 p.m. slot , which puts it opposite CBS ' popular "  The Big Bang Theory " and NBC 's fan favorite "  Parks and Recreation . " That time slot could spell doom .  "  Super Fun Night "  ABC  -- It should have been a surefire hit , coming after "  Modern Family . " And while lots of viewers tried it out initially , declining ratings in week two indicate they were n't too impressed . No bueno for star and creator Rebel Wilson .  "  The Tomorrow People "  CW  -- The paranormal series is hanging on ... for now .  "  Trophy Wife "  ABC  -- Critics seem to love it , but ratings have not been overwhelming . ABC has said the show recently pulled in 1.3 million more viewers than Fox 's "  The Mindy Project "  2.8 million  , and the network has ordered more scripts . That 's good , as it probably needs more time .  "  Dads "  Fox  -- This live-action Seth MacFarlane comedy has been called racist and sexist , but the controversy has not stopped the network from ordering more scripts . Tell us what your favorite -- and least favorite -- shows have been so far ?	"  Sleepy Hollow " and "  The Blacklist " are among the season 's hits Favorites Michael J. Fox and Sean Hayes are struggling with new shows Two shows have already been canceled -- "  Lucky 7 " and "  We Are Men "
CNN  -- What might be a good way to get your misbehaving kids to pipe down this summer ? Tell them you 'll ship them off to North Korea . As a host of American kids spend their summers on the shores of lakes , or at Bible or band camps , over 300 children from around the world have headed off to the Songdowon International Children 's Camp in Wonsan , North Korea . It 's an oasis in the benighted country for attendees , who this year come from Russia , China , Vietnam , Tanzania and Ireland . Heavily subsidized by the government , camp attendees get the benefit of comforts not afforded to regular North Koreans , such as air-conditioned bedrooms with video games . Instead of forming a circle around a campfire , homesick kids at Songdowon can take succor from giant bronze statues of the country 's founder , Kim Il Sung and his son and successor , Kim Jong Il , surrounded by admiring children . The camp also boasts a private beach , volleyball courts and water slides . How you travel to North Korea Originally opened in the 1960s to foster ties with other communist and non-aligned countries , it was given a major overhaul before reopening this summer . The revamp included some some personal attention from Kim Jong Un , who "  specified instructions for remodeling the camp , " according to North Korean state media KCNA . For the equivalent of $ 270 , happy campers can spend eight days in the country , getting to know their North Korean peers , and officials reportedly would welcome kids from all over the world , including the U.S. . One ex-camper , Russian Valentina Boltacheva , told NKNews.org last year that she remembers "  swimming , boating , and doing morning exercises , " alongside learning traditional Korean dances and "  songs about Korean political leaders . " She also said she came to the conclusion that "  Songdowon is a really prestigious camp in North Korea . " The photos released this week stand in stark contrast to the picture of the country painted by a U.N. report in February , which cataloged a brutal state "  that does not have any parallel in the contemporary world . " READ MORE : A runner 's view of the world 's most closed society READ MORE : The North Korea we rarely see	North Korean beachside summer camp reopens this week Over 300 children and teens from around the world are attending the eight-day trip Highlights include a private beach , water slides and statues of dictators
CNN  -- Solar energy in a suitcase is an invention saving lives around the world in places that lack reliable electricity . Dr. Laura Stachel discovered several years ago that many women and babies were dying during childbirth simply because there was n't adequate light to treat them . So she and her husband came up with a portable solar energy kit to provide light and power when necessary . Since 2009 , their nonprofit , We Care Solar , has given out nearly 250 free kits to medical facilities in Africa , Asia and South America . "  A lot of the clinics do n't have any electricity , " Stachel said . "  Midwives use kerosene lanterns ; they may use candles ; they use their cell phones to deliver babies . " The "  solar suitcase " was designed to help during childbirth , but one recently came in handy when there was a cholera outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . On his first day with the kit , a doctor from the Congo delivered a woman with twins . The very next day , there was an outbreak of cholera , a deadly bacterial disease . "  Every man , woman and child who came to his clinic over the next 30 days were treated day and night , " Stachel said . "  And he put 15 mats on the ground outside because so many people needed to be cared for and could n't fit in the clinic . " At night , Stachel said , the doctor would take the solar suitcase outside and use it to tend to his patients and treat them with intravenous medications . "  For the first time in the history of  the doctor 's  island , no one died of cholera , " Stachel said . "  He told us that in the past , 50 % of patients would die , and 80 % of those deaths would happen at night . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes Stachel says she cried when she heard the story , and she hopes her nonprofit can continue to help more people in need . "  One of the things I do whenever I bring a solar suitcase to a clinic in another country is , I really let the health-care workers know that there are people on the other side of the world who care about them , " she said . "  I say : ` When you use this suitcase and it 's late at night , do n't think that nobody 's caring about what you 're doing . You have sisters and brothers on the other side of the world that cared enough to actually contribute to this and to bring you light . I do n't want you to feel alone . " Read the full story about Stachel and her work with We Care Solar Want to get involved ? Check out the We Care Solar website at wecaresolar.org and see how to help .	The "  solar suitcases " designed by We Care Solar are saving lives around the world Many mothers , babies are dying because their health facilities lack reliable electricity One of the solar kits also helped during a recent cholera outbreak in the Congo Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Sometimes life can turn on a dime . Just ask Richard Eggers , a former Wells Fargo employee . The 68-year-old Eggers was fired by the company 's home mortgage division in West Des Moines , Iowa , in July for a petty crime he committed nearly 50 years ago . He got caught using a cardboard cutout of a dime to run a laundromat washing machine when he was 19 . Officially , the crime is called operating a coin changing machine by false means , court records from 1963 say . "  It was silly and stupid , " Eggers told CNN affiliate KCCI-TV . "  I am not terribly proud of it , but , it does n't warrant a termination a half a century later . " Wells Fargo says it 's following federal laws laid down by the Federal Deposit Insurance Act  FDIC  . They 're designed to weed out employees guilty of identity theft and mortgage fraud . "  Wells Fargo is ... bound by US Federal law ... to protect our customers and their personal financial information from someone who we know has committed an act of dishonesty or breach of trust -- regardless of when the incidents occurred , " Vickee J. Adams , vice president of external communications , said in a statement . "  It is uncomfortable , but it is a law that we have to follow , " she said . "  We have the responsibility to avoid hiring or continuing to employ someone who we know has a criminal record . " Wells Fargo says between May 2011 and May 2012 , it performed thorough background checks on all its team members , regardless of when they were hired . The screenings were the same as those required for new hires . "  The whole thing was too absurd for words , " Eggers told KCCI . "  They had their instructions and there was nothing I could change , but I wanted to let them know I did n't accept it as a logical and reasonable business practice . " Wells Fargo says Eggers has been put in touch with an FDIC case manager to work on steps to "  make him eligible for reemployment . " Leonard Bates , an attorney representing Eggers and three other employees who used to work for the company , said he may file a class action lawsuit against Wells Fargo and the FDIC . "  Common sense tells you that Mr. Eggers and his 49-year-old crime was not the downfall of the mortgage industry in 2008 and 2009 , " Bates told KCCI .	The crime was committed nearly 50 years ago , court records show Richard Eggers uses a cardboard dime in pay washing machine Wells Fargo Home Mortgage fires him after a background check "  The whole thing was too absurd for words , " Eggers says
CNN  -- FIFA has requested evidence from England 's Football Association following claims from its former chairman of corruption by four top-level members of world soccer 's governing body . It has also asked The Sunday Times newspaper to provide details about further claims that two more FIFA executive committee members were paid $ 1.5 million to vote for Qatar 's successful bid to host the 2022 World Cup . David Triesman was head of England 's failed bid to host the 2018 tournament before standing down after being secretly taped by a reporter last May making accusations against rival candidate nations Spain and Russia . On Tuesday , the former FA chairman told a British parliamentary committee that Jack Warner , Nicolas Leoz , Ricardo Teixeira and Worawi Makudi had all sought favors in order to secure England 's vote . Triesman accuses FIFA members of seeking bribes for votes The Sunday Times also submitted evidence to the UK House of Commons hearing alleging that FIFA vice-president Issa Hayatou of Cameroon and Jacques Anouma from the Ivory Coast were paid by Qatar . FIFA has already suspended executive members Amos Adamu and Reynald Temarii following similar accusations ahead of last December 's World Cup ballot . Nigeria 's Adamu is trying to overturn his three-year suspension from all football activities at the Court of Arbitration for Sport . FIFA said on Wednesday that its secretary general Jerome Valcke had written to Football Association chairman David Bernstein asking for a complete report from Triesman on the statements that he made as well as "  any and all documentary evidence at his disposal in relation to those statements . " "  He has also sent a letter to The Sunday Times to ask the newspaper to provide FIFA with any piece of evidence with regard to the statements made to MP John Whittingdale , " FIFA said in a statement on its website . Can Bin Hammam change FIFA for the better ? Valcke said in his letter that FIFA and its president Sepp Blatter were concerned about the accusations , and had also asked for a full record of Triesman 's testimonies in the House of Commons . The ruling body stated that it believed The Sunday Times "  had already provided all of the evidence and documentation at its disposal " before these latest allegations . "  Nevertheless , FIFA asks the English newspaper to submit as soon as possible any other piece of evidence that it may be in possession of and which has not yet been sent to FIFA , " it said . "  In particular , reference is made in the letter to the allegations regarding a ` whistleblower who had worked with the Qatar bid , ' who allegedly made some declarations regarding the matter in question . " Mohamed Bin Hammam , who is Blatter 's only rival at next month 's presidential elections , denied on Wednesday that his native country had offered any such bribes . "  I can assure you nothing like this has happened from our side . If someone wants to damage reputations like this then they have to provide the proof , " the the president of the Asian Football Confederation told the UK Press Association . "  You ca n't just accuse people just like that . It did n't happen . It is fine to say something , to try to damage the reputation of somebody , but where is the proof ? " Warner , accused by Triesman of demanding # 2.5 million  $ 4 million  to build an education center in Trinidad , has also denied any wrongdoing . "  I never asked anybody for anything . When these guys came here , we promised to help , " the 68-year-old told Trinidad newspaper Newsday . "  I showed them a place where they can put a playground . They promised to come back but they never did . That 's all . "	FIFA urges English FA and Sunday Times newspaper to provide evidence Six FIFA executive committee members have been accused of corruption Soccer 's governing body last year banned two top-level officials in similar scenario Presidential candidate denies claims that Qatar bribed two members for 2022 votes
CNN  -- Japanese writer and director Hideo Nakata has been hailed as the modern master of macabre . The master of macabre , Hideo Nakata did n't start out in film aiming to make horror movies . His 1998 film "  Ringu " -- adapted from a novel by Suzuki Koji , the Japanese Steven King -- redefined the horror genre , propelled Nakata into the international spotlight and soon had Hollywood calling . Born in Okayama , Japan , in 1961 , Nakata enrolled at the University of Tokyo to study journalism . On graduating he went on to work in Japan 's Nikkatsu Studios , the same place where renowned director Akira Kurosawa started out . He did n't ' start out aiming to make horror films , but it was Nikkatsu Studios that Nakata met Hiroshi Takahashi , the screenplay writer for "  Ringu . " An international hit , "  Ringu " centers on a cursed videotape that kills whoever watches it . It appeared in cinemas at the same time mainstream western horror films were churning out gruesome violence as the means to get audiences hiding behind their popcorn . Nakata 's artfully directed and terrifying film was a nether-world away from these schlock horror and slasher flicks , instead utilizing suspense and a pervading sense of dread . Western audiences expecting to watch good-looking teenagers getting chopped up in a blizzard of gore were treated to something much creepier . For Hollywood producers , Nakata has been a gold-mine of remake material . If dread is the word that has become synonymous with Nakata 's work , there was a great sense of it among many of Nakata 's fans when it was announced that there would be a Hollywood remake of "  Ringu , " starring Naomi Watts . Despite fans claiming that the terror of the original was lost in translation , Nakata himself was given the opportunity to direct the Hollywood sequel , "  The Ring 2 , " in 2005 . The series ' success has spawned a third installment , due to be released in 2009 that Nakata will also be directing . Shunning computer generated monsters or gallons of fake-blood and guts , "  Ringu " and other Nakata films including "  Dark Water , " which was also remade by Hollywood in 2005 , use glimpses of mysterious abstract images -- a reflection in a TV screen , an unsettling , spreading damp patch of water -- to ratchet up the terror . Fans and critics have compared the chilling atmosphere of his films with that of Roman Polanski 's work , in "  Rosemary 's Baby " and "  The Tenant . " Nakata then has been credited with turning on a whole new audience to Asian horror films with an altogether more subtle approach to scaring the wits out of people . He reveals the finer points of his scare tactics to Anjali Rao on Talk Asia this weekend . E-mail to a friend	Director of Japanese horror film "  Ringu " has redefined a genre Trained as a journalist , he did not start out aiming to make horror films Has remade a number of his films for Hollywood to mixed reviews
Crowds in a Syrian town surrounded by government troops cheered Arab League monitors who visited Sunday as others fled the town on foot to escape the fighting inside . Residents of Zabadani , about 50 km  30 miles  northwest of Damascus , lifted one of the monitors onto their shoulders and passed him around the crowd during Sunday 's visit . They told CNN that their water and electricity had been cut off for the past three days , and they showed off wounds they said had been inflicted by pro-government forces . The monitors got a different reception from Syrian soldiers , who berated them as the soldiers carried off the body of one of their comrades they said had been shot by opposition forces . The visit came as another 32 people were killed by government troops trying to crush a 10-month-old uprising against the rule of President Bashar al-Assad , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition umbrella group . The toll included 13 in Homs , the scene of some of the worst fighting to date ; 10 in the city of Idlib ; and three people , inlcuding a child , in Hama . During a visit to neighboring Lebanon , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon delivered a blunt message to al-Assad : "  Stop killing your people . " Meanwhile , al-Assad announced that he was granting amnesty to anti-government demonstrators for "  all crimes committed " since the uprising began last March , Syrian state-run media reported . In Zabadani , a CNN crew heading into the city with the Arab League monitors saw men , women and children trudging out of the city to get away from the fighting . When the monitors prepared to leave , many of the thousands who greeted the monitors in town urged them to stay , warning that attacks by government troops would resume once they left . Some offered to show the monitors where Syrian tanks were hidden in the fields surrounding the city . Syria was required to pull heavy weaponry out of the cities under the agreement its signed with the Arab League in November , but Zabadani residents said the tanks pulled back only when the monitors were on their way . Fares Mohammed , an LCC spokesman , said about 100 armored vehicles had surrounded the city for three days , and that power and water had been cut off as the city faced sub-freezing temperatures . A member of the Free Syria Army -- composed mostly of deserters who are siding with the opposition -- said there were about 70 lightly armed fighters in the city . The fighter asked not to be named for security reasons . "  The situation is very bad . The siege is choking us , and even air is running out , " the fighter said , adding that fighters were setting up roadblocks to try to keep government forces out of residential areas . On their way out of town , the monitors were held up at a checkpoint on the outskirts of Zabadani for about an hour and a half as occasional bullets whizzed by . During that time , Syrian troops carried off the body of a fellow soldier who had just been shot and turned their anger on the monitors . "  Is this what you want ? " one asked . "  Is this what the world wants ? Is this a free Syria ? " More gunfire erupted as the monitors left town , and a soldier at another checkpoint rushed out to hammer at their vehicle . More than 5,000 people have died since mid-March , the United Nations has said . Opposition groups put the toll at more than 6,000 . Al-Assad , who has characterized the anti-government protesters as "  armed gangs , " says his security forces are battling terrorists intent on targeting civilians and fomenting unrest . His latest amnesty decree follows the recent release of 5,000 prisoners by the Syrian government under its agreement with the Arab League . It grants grants general amnesty for crimes committed between March 15 , 2011 , and January 15 , 2012 , according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency . The decree applies to people who engaged in peaceful demonstrations , carried or possesses unlicensed weapons or ammunition and draft evaders , SANA said . Fugitives must hand themselves in by the end of the month to benefit from the amnesty , the agency reported . It is the second time al-Assad has granted a general amnesty to protesters , who have been calling for an end to the regime . But reports of carnage mount every day , despite the presence of Arab League observers in the country and international calls for a halt to the crackdown . "  Today , I say again to President Assad of Syria : Stop the violence . Stop killing your people , " Ban said at a conference on political reform and democracy in Beirut . "  The path of repression is a dead end . " CNN can not verify accounts of what is happening in Syria because the government restricts the activity of journalists . A number of journalists have been allowed in to the country in recent days , including a CNN correspondent , to travel with Arab League monitors . The Arab League mission began December 26 and is expected to conclude on January 19 . It has been mired in controversy from the start , from the choice to head the mission -- Lt. Gen. Mohammed Ahmed al-Dabi , once the head of Sudan 's military intelligence -- to reports that the Syrian government was limiting the group 's access .	32 reported killed in the latest attacks Arab League monitors cheered in the town of Zabadani Ban Ki-moon calls on Bashar al-Assad to "  Stop the violence . Stop killing your people " State media : Al-Assad grants amnesty to all crimes committed by anti-government protesters
New details provide a clearer chronology about what might have happened to Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 between its takeoff and its last known spotting seven hours later . Here 's how experts and officials have reconstructed key moments of the flight , which disappeared March 8 with 239 people aboard . 12:41 a.m. : Takeoff All tracking systems are working as the Boeing 777-200ER takes off from the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur , headed for Beijing . 1:07 a.m. : ACARS sends communication One of the plane 's communication systems sends what turns out to be its last transmission , according to Malaysia Airlines CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya . "  It showed nothing unusual . The 1:07 a.m. transmission showed a normal routing all the way to Beijing , " according to a statement from Malaysia 's Ministry of Transport . The Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System is the onboard computer that collects information -- a lot of it -- about aircraft and pilot performance . It 's akin to computers in automobiles that track oil levels and engine performance . Aboard aircraft , ACARS computers measure thousands of data points and send the information via satellite to the airline , the engine manufacturer and other authorized parties , according to CNN aviation and airline correspondent Richard Quest . See maps of possible debris field , search areas The information is useful for operations , maintenance , scheduling and performance purposes , Quest said . 1:19 a.m. : Voice check-in Someone in the cockpit makes a voice check-in with air traffic controllers as the plane is apparently leaving Malaysian airspace and entering Vietnamese airspace . Initial investigations indicate it was the co-pilot , Fariq Abdul Hamid , according to Malaysia Airlines officials . "  All right , good night " were the final words from the cockpit , said Zulazri Mohd Ahnuar , a Malaysian civil aviation officer . The phrase "  good night " is the radio parlance used by pilots when executing a handover from one airspace to another , Quest said . "  That is normal . That happens a gazillion times , " Quest said . " ` All right , good night ' is a pleasantry at the end of radio communication . " It remains unclear , however , whether Vietnamese air traffic controllers had any contact with the plane during the handoff , Quest said . 1:21 a.m. : Transponder off The plane 's transponder stops communicating at 1:21 a.m. , said Azharuddin Abdul Rahman , director of the Malaysian Department of Civil Aviation . A transponder sends electronic messages from the plane : "  squawks " to radar systems about the flight number , altitude , speed and heading . This is enormously useful information to air traffic controllers who are looking at scores of blips on their screens , and each blip is a plane emitting identifying information , thanks to the transponder . With the transponder off , "  now the plane is flying blind from the ground 's point of view , " Quest said . "  If there is radar there , the radar will see a blip , but they wo n't know who it is , where they are going . They will just now know it 's there . " That 's because the transponder is n't sending identifying information about the plane . Shutting off the transponder is a simple turn of a switch in the cockpit , Quest said . "  The air traffic controller should notice . I suppose it would cause alarm . ...  The information from  a plane that you 're monitoring all of a sudden disappears , " Quest said . 1:22 a.m. : Plane disappears from Thai military radar Thai military radar is tracking the plane 's signal , but it disappears at 1:22 a.m. , a Royal Thai Air Force spokesman told CNN . 1:28 a.m. : Thai radar picks up unknown aircraft The Thai radar station in southern Surathani province picks up an unknown aircraft flying in a direction opposite to what Flight 370 had been traveling , a Royal Thai Air Force spokesman told CNN . 1:21 a.m.-1 :28 a.m. : Plane appears to change course The plane appears to have changed course in this time frame . The Malaysian government has not said when or if the plane was reprogrammed to fly off course . Again , according to the Malaysians , the last data from the ACARS at 1:07 a.m. indicated that it "  showed normal routing all the way to Beijing . " About 1:30 a.m. : Civilian radar loses contact with plane Malaysian air traffic controllers in Subang , outside Kuala Lumpur , lose contact with the plane over the Gulf of Thailand between Malaysia and Vietnam at coordinates 06 55 15 N and 103 34 43 E. 1:37 a.m. : Expected ACARS transmission does n't happen The ACARS was supposed to transmit a half-hour after it last did so . Therefore , it was supposed to transmit at 1:37 a.m. -- but it did n't , Yahya said , So , the ACARS stopped communicating sometime between 1:07 and 1:37 a.m. It 's a significant event : Turning off ACARS takes know-how , Quest said . If the flight were hijacked or a target of terrorism , cutting off ACARS would be a strategic move because the system reports to satellites anything being done to the aircraft , Quest said . 2:15 a.m. : Military radar detection Though the Malaysian plane is not transmitting information -- by ACARS or transponder -- radar on the ground or elsewhere can still detect a plane in the air . According to a Malaysian Air Force official , military radar tracked the plane as it passed over the small island of Pulau Perak in the Strait of Malacca . At this point , the plane was hundreds of miles off course . In fact , it was on the other side of the Malay Peninsula . Military radar showed that it flew in a westerly direction back over the Malay Peninsula , Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Raza said . It is then believed to have either turned northwest toward the Bay of Bengal or southwest elsewhere into the Indian Ocean . This was the last time any civilian or military radar is known to have tracked the aircraft . The focus now is searching for the missing flight in the southern Indian Ocean , according to a U.S. official . "  The southern scenario seems more plausible , " the official said . The Malaysian military is handing over its raw radar data to U.S. and British officials , apparently setting aside concerns about any sensitive military intelligence . Quest called this sharing of information a "  huge " development in the case . "  They do n't want anyone to know how good their radar is . They obviously decided that does n't matter , " he said . "  We do n't know much about the Malaysian military and that has been one of the issues , " Quest added . "  It appears that Malaysia was providing an interpretation of the analysis -- and not the raw data . Now they are handing over the raw data . " 2:40 a.m. : Malaysia Airlines says it learns plane missing from radar Malaysian air traffic controllers told Malaysia Airlines at 2:40 a.m. that Flight 370 was missing from radar , according to the airline . 2:40 -3:45 a.m. : Malaysia Airlines preliminary search During this time , the airline "  sourced every communication possible to  Flight 370  to locate its whereabouts before declaring that it had lost contact with the aircraft , " the company told CNN . "  During this period of uncertainty , Malaysia Airlines needed to establish facts by contacting other air traffic controllers and aircraft flying within the same route , " the company said . 3:45 a.m. : Malaysia Airlines issues alert Malaysia Airlines said it issued a "  code red " alert that the plane was missing from radar . The airline said "  code red " is when it declares that a crisis requires immediate deployment of emergency response plans . It said it took about an hour to issue the alert because it was trying to locate the plane and confirm that it was missing . To verify , it used various measures , including sending messages to the plane and awaiting a response . 6:30 a.m. : Plane should have arrived in Beijing This was the time that Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 should have landed in China 's capital . 7:24 a.m. : Public announcement of disappearance Malaysia Airlines announces the plane 's disappearance on Facebook . 8:11 a.m. : Satellite ` handshakes ' Najib revealed that a satellite tracked the plane at 8:11 a.m. , more than seven hours after takeoff . Najib did n't provide details on the satellite tracking , but it appears that orbiters high above the ocean detected the plane as the satellite or satellites attempted a series of "  handshakes " -- or electronic connections -- with the plane below , Quest said . It 's likely that the plane did n't complete the handshake because its communication systems were disabled , Quest said . Nevertheless , the satellites would have been able to trace a plane flying below them and would have extended an electronic message equivalent to a hailing : "  There 's a plane : Hello , hello , hello ? Do you have anything for us ? " Quest said . The Malaysian Prime Minister said the "  raw satellite data " confirms the plane was Flight 370 . The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board and the Federal Aviation Administration , along with Britain 's Air Accidents Investigation Branch , concur , Najib said . "  Due to the type of satellite data , we are unable to confirm the precise location of the plane when it last made contact with the satellite , " Najib said . Authorities believe the plane was in one of two flight "  corridors " : A northern route stretching to northern Thailand , Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan in Central Asia or a southern route toward Indonesia and the southern Indian Ocean . Growing number of airplanes scour southern Indian Ocean	The Malaysian government has not said when or if plane was reprogrammed A 1:07 a.m. transmission showed a "  normal routing all the way to Beijing " Co-pilot believed to have checked in by radio , ending with "  All right , good night " Two communication systems stopped transmitting shortly after takeoff
New York  CNN  -- Every year Debra Keller would take her granddaughters to New York City to take in the holiday traditions -- going to a show , having lunch at their favorite restaurants , shopping and a visit to the Christmas tree at Rockefeller Center . This year when they visit Rockefeller Center , it will be their own tree . The 74-foot tall Norway spruce that once provided a shade and a scenic sight on their lawn in Pennsylvania will become the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree for 2011 . "  To be honest it wo n't be sad to see the tree go , " said Keller , 56 , in a statement . "  We just feel honored that the tree was chosen and will be enjoyed by so many people when it 's sitting in the middle of Rockefeller Center . " The iconic Christmas tree is expected to arrive on a flatbed truck Friday morning and will grace Rockefeller Center in Manhattan when it 's officially erected at the end of November . The Norway spruce weighing approximately 10 tons was cut down Wednesday morning in Mifflinville , Pennsylvania , and hoisted by a huge crane onto a 115-foot-long trailer where it will be driven to Manhattan . The 46-foot-wide tree will be raised at Rockefeller Center Friday morning . The tree , which is approximately 75 years old , was first spotted by the Rockefeller Center team during a routine drive down Interstate-80 . Rockefeller Center 's head gardener saw the tree out of the corner of his eye from the driver 's seat . The tree made an immediate impression standing tall on the lawn of Debra Keller 's 79 year-old mother Nancy 's house where she has lived since 1969 . When the tree is finally decorated for its tree lighting November 30th , it will hold 30,000 multi-colored lights on five miles of wire and will be topped with a Swarovski crystal star , adorned with 25,000 crystals and one million facets . The first tree was erected in 1931 by construction workers developing Rockefeller Center . The first formal Rockefeller Center tree lighting ceremony was held in 1933 and was decked with 700 lights in front of the then eight-month-old RCA building .	Tree is a 74-foot tall Norway spruce It weighs approximately 10 tons and is approximately 75 years old It will be decorated with 30,000 multi-colored lights on five miles of wire
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- Several hundred protesters braved rain and cold temperatures here in the capital to protest against Jordan 's new prime minister Friday . The demonstration , called by the Islamic Action Front , passed off without incident amid a low-profile police presence . The protesters chanted "  Alahu Akhbar "  "  God is Great "  , demanded political reforms and railed against government corruption . Most of them marched from Friday prayers at Salahuddin Mosque the short distance to the office of Prime Minister Marouf Bakhit , who was appointed by King Abdullah II a few days ago . They then moved on to the Egyptian embassy before dispersing . It was the smallest Friday demonstration in Amman in several weeks . Other groups involved in previous protests decided not to join this week , leaving the Islamists and a small leftist party as the only groups involved . Earlier this week , King Abdullah promised the new government would launch a national dialogue on political reform , tackle corruption and review Jordan 's restrictive election law to involve a wider range of political opinion . The king met with Islamist leaders Thursday , among them the leadership of the Islamic Action Front and Muslim Brotherhood . Afterwards , the Islamists described the meeting as "  clear and frank " in which they asked for political reform beginning with a new more democratic election law and a government chosen by Parliament rather than the king . The Palace said the king had emphasized inclusive reforms that could overcome "  external forces " who are resisting change for their own personal interests . The general secretary of the Islamic Action Front , Hamza Mansour , told CNN Thursday that democracy in Jordan was marginalized and warned that when political and economical conditions worsen , social violence surfaces .	Protesters are demaning political reforms Friday 's demonstration in Amman was the smallest in weeks
CNN  -- More than 400 homes were evacuated in a small northern Ohio community overnight after a train tanker began leaking a flammable chemical late Tuesday , a city official said . A 26,000-gallon tanker began leaking styrene monomer after a derailment at a train yard in Willard , City Manager Brian Humphress said Wednesday morning . Because the chemical is highly flammable , officials ordered the evacuation of more than 400 homes in and near the city -- in about a half-mile radius from the rail yard , Humphress said . The spill was contained around 4:20 a.m. ET Wednesday , and officials hoped to get people back into their homes by late Wednesday morning , Humphress said . No injuries were reported ; details about what led to the derailment were n't immediately available . A private contractor was handling the cleanup in the community , where about 6,000 people live . State environmental officials were monitoring the scene , Humphress said . Styrene is a synthetic chemical used to manufacture plastics , rubber and resins , according to the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration .	Flammable chemical leaks from train tanker at rail yard in Willard , Ohio More than 400 homes evacuated , city manager says Spill contained Wednesday morning ; officials hoped to get people back in homes soon
London  CNN  -- Britain has still not come to terms with the "  hurt and anger " many felt as a result of Margaret Thatcher 's policies more than two decades ago , a senior clergyman who will greet mourners at her funeral has said . In the week since Britain 's first woman prime minister died , protests have been organized in London and elsewhere by activists who blame her for creating wide unemployment as she privatized industries and took on the unions . "  You have to ask the question -- why is it , 23 years after she left government , that Mrs. Thatcher is still such a controversial figure ? " the Very Rev. David Ison , the dean of St. Paul 's Cathedral , said to CNN . "  And I think part of that is we still have n't come to terms with the hurt and the anger that many parts of society have felt because of the legacy of her government policies . " That hurt is being revived by the austerity policies brought in by the current government to try to tackle the deficit , he said . "  There is some real work to be done here about what 's the relationship between the rich and the poor in our society , and how we can work together instead of being opposed to one another , " he said . "  That 's a particular agenda that I think that this funeral will be throwing up and highlighting . " Thatcher 's funeral will be held at St. Paul 's Cathedral on Wednesday morning , attended by more than 2,000 guests . They will include Queen Elizabeth II , accompanied by Prince Philip , as well as UK Prime Minister David Cameron and dozens more dignitaries from Britain and overseas . Thatcher herself approved the elements of the service , Ison said . "  It 's a relatively simple and straightforward service ; she was a Methodist by upbringing so no pomp and circumstance -- there 's no tribute , there 's no eulogy to her , there 's very little in the service about her at all , " he said . "  It 's a simple service for praying for her and for the family around her . " The Bishop of London , the Right Rev. Richard Chartres , will give the address at the funeral , in which he will reflect on her death and her legacy , both as an individual and for wider society . Ison 's role will be to welcome the queen and other guests at the cathedral doors and to bid the congregation farewell at the end of the service . Thatcher death ` party ' Thatcher was prime minister from 1979 to 1990 , having led the Conservative Party since 1974 . Tributes to her achievements poured in from around the globe , as well as from many in Britain , after the news of her death on April 8 from a stroke , aged 87 . A towering figure in postwar British and global politics , Thatcher is remembered in the world for her Cold War-era friendships with U.S. President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev , as well as her role in shaping Britain 's place in Europe and the short , sharp war she waged with Argentina over the disputed Falkland Islands . But a strong current of anti-Thatcher feeling has also been in evidence in Britain . At Trafalgar Square in central London on Saturday , activists and former miners held a "  party " to celebrate her death , rallying around an effigy of Thatcher , whose orange hair was made out of plastic bags . The effigy was paraded around the square , which in 1990 was the scene of rioting against a hugely unpopular "  poll tax " introduced by Thatcher . Protesters chanted "  Maggie , Maggie , Maggie , dead , dead , dead . " Workers also unfurled a "  National Union of Mineworkers " banner , evoking memories of the painful yearlong coal miners ' strike during the Thatcher years . In another indication of how divisive her legacy remains , a Facebook campaign to encourage people to buy the "  Wizard of Oz " song "  Ding Dong ! The Witch is Dead " in celebration of Thatcher 's death sent sales skyrocketing . The song reached No. 2 on the official national charts Sunday . READ MORE : Thatcher : Revered and reviled , in death as in life READ MORE : Rewriting history : How UK might have been without Thatcher READ MORE : Thatcher opponents hold ` party ' as her daughter speaks of loss	Dean : "  We still have n't come to terms with the hurt and the anger " Thatcher 's policies left The Very Rev. David Ison will welcome mourners to St. Paul 's for Margaret Thatcher 's funeral The pain her policies left is being revived by the current government 's policies , Ison says Britain must examine the relationship between rich and poor in society , he says
CNN  -- In the years before penicillin came into wide use in the 1940s , medicine could n't do very much for many of the sickest patients . A hospital could keep you warm and provide food and nursing care , but as surgeon and writer Atul Gawande pointed out , in many cases the patient would do no better than if he or she had stayed home . In those days , doctors who mastered the few techniques that could make a difference , such as setting fractures and treating certain kinds of heart conditions , were seemingly all-powerful , Gawande told the TED2012 conference in March . "  A doctor could kind of know it all and do it all , " he said in an interview with CNN following his talk . Doctors were rewarded for being cowboys , for being daring and self sufficient . Today , the world of medicine promises and provides much more -- cures and care for many of the worst health problems people have . But doctors can no longer know everything and do everything . As medical knowledge has exploded , doctors increasingly must specialize in a field to absorb all the relevant information to treat a certain kind of illness . And a patient who goes to a hospital often winds up being treated and cared for by as many as 15 doctors , nurses and therapists , Gawande said . The result ? "  Well , it 's been a disaster , " he said . "  We have 40 percent of coronary artery disease patients who receive incomplete or inappropriate care , we have 2 million people pick up infections in hospitals because one of those people on that team failed to follow basic hygiene practices . " Watch Atul Gawande 's TED Talk "  Holding on to our streak of autonomy , each of us , we end up losing the patient in between , " he said . Gawande , a surgeon at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , also is a researcher at Harvard University and a writer at The New Yorker . Today doctors are still often rewarded and trained as cowboys , but Gawande says what we really need are doctors who can function as members of a team , the way those in an auto racing pit crew work together to get vehicles back in the race . Ted.com : Trial , error and the God complex Gawande has been a pioneer in advocating the use of checklists by medical teams working together in surgery or on other procedures . "  We 've had checklists in medicine for people we considered the lowest on the totem pole , but the idea that the surgeon would have to follow a checklist is anathema , " Gawande said . But in fact , he added , "  when checklists have been used to make sure even the best , most specialized doctors do n't miss key steps in providing care ... we 're finding that carefully designed checklists cut death rates in half in surgeries , that they can eliminate certain kinds of infections and that they can slash costs . " Gawande has found reason to question the assumption that the most expensive care must be the best care . "  What we 're discovering is that the best care , the places getting the best results , are often among the least expensive , " he said . In those places , doctors and nurses providing care function like teams . "  We are going through a dramatic change where it 's no longer about what your doctor knows , it 's about what a team of doctors , nurses and others are able to do together . " TED.com : Doctors make mistakes -- can we talk about that ? These days Gawande brings a checklist with him into the operating room . At first , it was a bit of a shock for him . "  I did it reluctantly . I have been someone who believes , you know , do I need a checklist ? No ... but i did n't want to be a hypocrite . I was bringing them to Tanzania and Seattle , so I started using a checklist myself . So that meant before the patient went to sleep we would do a series of checks -- not just , ` Do we have the right person and the right side of the body ? ' But also , ` Do we have a plan for what happens if this is a high-blood-loss case ? ' "  Before the incision , we 'd introduce ourselves by name because it would turn out often that you would have a team of people working together for the first time who may not know each other very well . "  We discuss the plan in detail , and in doing these things I found from the very beginning that we were catching problems that we were missing otherwise . The anesthesiologist or the nurse was noticing things that I had missed . "  I have not gotten through a week of surgery in three years using this kind of checklist without it catching something that was a danger for the patient or would have made the care better . "	Atul Gawande : Medicine developed around the idea of the "  cowboy " doctor He says today 's doctors do n't know it all ; they have to specialize and be part of a team He says strong teams in medicine get the best results and provide care more cheaply Gawande : Today 's doctor should interact as if he were part of an auto racing pit crew
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama claimed a significant victory in the South Carolina Democratic primary on Saturday , telling supporters "  we are hungry for change . " Sen. Barack Obama and his wife , Michelle , celebrate his South Carolina win . The Illinois senator earned more than twice the vote that rival Sen. Hillary Clinton did , 55 percent to 27 percent , unofficial returns showed . Former Sen. John Edwards was third with 18 percent . "  Tonight , the cynics who believed that what began in the snows of Iowa was just an illusion were told a different story by the good people of South Carolina , " Obama said to supporters Saturday . Watch a recap of Obama 's big win " A win in South Carolina was considered crucial for Obama , who won Iowa but finished second to Clinton in New Hampshire and Nevada . See what the results mean " "  I did not travel around this state over the last year and see a white South Carolina or a black South Carolina . I saw South Carolina , " he said . "  The choice in this election is not between regions or religions or genders , " Obama said . "  It 's not about rich versus poor ; young versus old ; and it is not about black versus white . "  It 's about the past versus the future . " Watch Obama speech With 99 percent of precincts reporting , Obama had 55 percent of the vote . Clinton was second with 27 percent , followed by Edwards , with 18 percent . Obama 's victory capped a heated contest in South Carolina , the first Democratic primary in the South and the first with a largely African-American electorate . Obama , who is hoping to become the the nation 's first African-American president , did well with black voters , who made up about half of Saturday 's electorate , according to exit polls . Black voters supported the Illinois senator by a margin of more than 4-to-1 over his nearest rival , exit polls indicate . Among white voters , Obama took about a quarter of the vote , with Clinton and Edwards roughly splitting the remainder , according to exit polls . Clinton congratulated Obama and said she was excited to move forward to the Super Tuesday contests on February 5 . "  Millions and millions of Americans are going to have the chance to have their voices heard and their votes counted , " she told supporters at Tennessee State University . Watch Clinton speak to supporters " Edwards also looked ahead to the next contests . "  Now the three of us move on to February 5 , where millions of Americans will cast their vote and help shape the future of this party and help shape the future of America , " he said . Watch Edwards rally supporters " "  Our campaign from the very beginning has been about one central thing , and that is to give voice to the millions of Americans who have absolutely no voice in this democracy . " Clinton beat Obama only among elderly voters , according to exit polls . Among voters 65 and older , Clinton beat Obama 40 to 32 percent . But Obama handily defeated Clinton in every other bracket , and overall garnered 58 percent of the vote among 18 to 64-year-olds while 23 percent of those voters picked Clinton . And half of those polled said both candidates shared blame for the rancor between the two camps . Of those who said one of the contenders was more to blame than the other , 21 percent blamed Clinton , and 6 percent said Obama . "  It 's fairly obvious it 's not going to be over February 5 , " Obama spokesman Robert Gibbs said . Edwards was born in South Carolina and won the state 's primary four years ago , when he was making his first bid for the White House . See voters head to the polls in South Carolina " Edwards had touted his native status , and as the Clinton and Obama camps have squabbled , Edwards continued to talk about the issues and suggests he 's the only adult in the field . Watch Edwards reach out to voters " "  I 'm keeping moving no matter what , but I feel good about how things are moving right now here today , " Edwards told reporters Saturday morning . "  I feel there 's a lot of energy behind my campaign . " On January 15 , Edwards pledged , "  I 'm in this for the long haul . We 're continuing to accumulate delegates . There 's actually a very narrow margin between Sen. Obama , Sen. Clinton and myself on delegates . " The state Democratic party estimated that more than 530,000 Democrats turned out for Saturday 's primary , as compared with 445,000 voters who showed up to vote last weekend in the state 's Republican primary . The Democratic numbers topped the GOP turnout for the first time since 1992 , when 445,000 Republicans turned out to renominate President George H.W. Bush . Obama attracted more than 290,000 votes -- nearly matching the total turnout of the 2004 Democratic primary . "  This is an enormous turnout , " CNN analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . "  Democrats are wildly motivated in this election . " As South Carolina 's Democratic primary voters went to the polls Saturday , almost half of them had made up their minds more than a month ago , according to exit polls . In the 2004 primary , nearly a quarter decided either the day of the primary or in the three days prior who they would support , but this year , only 10 percent of this year 's voters waited until Saturday to choose . Another 10 percent decided only in the last three days , and 32 percent decided in the last month . Forty-seven percent made up their minds at least a month ago , more than double the percentage of 2004 . The early exit polls were taken from a sampling of 1,269 voters statewide . Following a rough campaign between Clinton and Obama , the two camps toned down the rhetoric in the past two days , returning to the issues and concentrating their firepower on the Republicans rather than on each other . "  I think they -LSB- the Republicans -RSB- should be gracious and just say , "  We have messed this thing up so much we are just going to quit and ... we should n't be re-elected , ' but I do n't think that is what they are going to do , " Clinton said . South Carolina is the last big test for the Democrats before Super Tuesday , February 5 , when nearly two dozen states will hold either primaries or caucuses -- including such delegate-rich states as California , New York , New Jersey and Illinois . Florida holds its primary on Tuesday but no Democratic delegates are being awarded there because the national party is penalizing the state for moving its primary up earlier in the year . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Bill Schneider , Peter Hamby , Alexander Mooney , Suzanne Malveaux and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	NEW : Blowout win for Obama in South Carolina Clinton finishes ahead of Edwards , CNN projects 47 percent decided on vote at least a month ago , exit polls indicate Edwards : "  I feel good about how things are moving right now "
She might still be figuring out what she wants to study , but her finances just got a lot more clear . On Tuesday , radio host Tom Joyner offered Rachel Jeantel , a friend who was on the phone with Trayvon Martin the night he was killed , a full ride to college . Jeantel , 19 , spoke to CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " on Monday night . Lawyer : Jeantel better on TV than in court Joyner said he was so touched by what she said then , and during her testimony during the trial of George Zimmerman , that he was moved to help . Zimmerman , a former neighborhood watch volunteer , was acquitted of a second-degree murder charge in Martin 's shooting death . Passions on display over Zimmerman verdict "  Rachel , here 's my offer to you . If you want to graduate from high school and go to an HBCU , even if it 's not in Florida but especially Florida ... If you want to do that , I want to help you do that , " Joyner said during his radio show Tuesday , referring to historically black colleges and universities . "  I will help you get tutors to get you out of high school , tutors to help you pass the SAT , and I will give you a full-ride scholarship to any HBCU you 'd like . " Juror : Zimmerman was ` justified ' in shooting Martin Jeantel , who said she might want to go into law enforcement , thanked Joyner . The host later appeared on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " Tuesday night . He described how Jeantel 's life has been turned upside down in the past year and half by Martin 's death and the trial . "  We talked to her people today and it 's going to take some work , first of all to get her a high school diploma , and get her ready for the SAT test , and then entered into college . But we are going to do that , " he said . Stevie Wonder says he 'll boycott ` stand your ground ' states "  She deserves a chance , " Joyner added . Jeantel said Monday that she was "  disappointed , upset , angry , questioning and mad " at Zimmerman 's acquittal . She found herself in an unforgiving spotlight of the nationally televised trial , during which viewers criticized her dress , her weight , her speech and her combative manner on the stand . She admitted to lying about her age and her reasons for skipping Martin 's funeral . She called the verdict "  BS " and said Martin , 17 , was never aggressive . "  He was a calm , chill , loving person who loved his family , definitely his mother , and a good friend , " Jeantel said . Discord and details keep flowing after verdict	"  She deserves a chance , " says host Tom Joyner He offers a scholarship to an historically black college or university Joyner says he was moved by Rachel Jeantel 's interview on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " Jeantel was on the phone with Trayvon Martin the night he was killed
CNN  The suspected Islamist terrorists who had a shootout with police on Thursday in Verviers , Belgium , have ties to ISIS-linked cells in other European countries , a senior Belgian counterterrorism source told CNN on Friday . The two suspects who died in the shootout are believed to have fought with ISIS in Syria , the source said . Another man was captured but has n't revealed any information . There also was a dire warning : Not all the terrorists in the cell have been rounded up , according to the source . Belgian police have taken out part of the terror network plotting an attack in Belgium , but they have not yet taken down every component of it , the source said . There is fear others may try to avenge the two men . Authorities investigating the aftermath of the raid in which the men were killed found materials used to make bombs , including chemicals for the powerful explosive TATP , but the suspected terrorists had yet to assemble those weapons . They also had grenades . Cell members had discussed attacking police in wiretapped phone conversations , but Belgian investigators still did not know what they were intending to target for sure , the source said . The discovery of police uniforms after the raid suggested the possibility they may have been trying to gain access to sensitive sites . The source characterized the cell as one with organized structures , a logistical support network and links back to Syria and Iraq . Belgium is one of the nations participating in airstrikes in Iraq , and officials are concerned this plot is ISIS "  pivoting " to launch attacks on the European countries involved in the military action against their troops in Iraq . "  I think one of the things that 's happening is we 're seeing something that 's surprising me . That is the pivot of ISIS , " Philip Mudd . a former CIA counterterrorism official and a CNN analyst , said . "  Just last summer , we were talking about how quickly ISIS was taking over geography . For a terrorist group to turn around in six or eight months and start training people for operations in Europe is remarkable . " In the raid in Verviers , a city of about 56,000 people , police approached three suspects as they carried large duffel bags outside of a former bakery that might have been their lair , a Western intelligence source told CNN . The suspects immediately opened fire with multiple weapons , prosecutors ' spokesman Thierry Werts said . Police returned fire ; two gunmen were killed and another was arrested , federal prosecutor Eric van der Sypt said . That raid turned up four Kalashnikovs , handguns , bomb-making materials and police uniforms , van der Sypt said . Van der Sypt refused to name the two killed in Verviers , but said "  we have a pretty good idea " who they were . Answering reporters ' questions , the prosecutor would not comment on reported plans by the suspects to abduct or behead any victims . The Belgian counterterrorism source said Belgian authorities had asked the CIA for help in finding the director of the plot , a Belgian who was in Greece . Neither the CIA nor Greek officials were able to locate the man . He is described as a key link to ISIS in Syria for the terror cell and once fought there . The two men killed in the shootout were among more than a dozen people rounded up in across-the-country raids designed to stop a group 's allegedly imminent attack -- a plot to kill Belgian police in streets and stations -- van der Sypt said earlier Friday . The alleged plotters -- including the two people killed Thursday night in a battle with police in Verviers -- were confronted in 12 raids across Belgium from Thursday into Friday , Sypt said . "  Could have been hours , certainly no more than a day or two " before terror attacks were to begin throughout Belgium , van der Sypt told reporters of the alleged plot . Besides the two killed , 17 have been arrested in the investigation -- 13 in the Belgium raids and four others in France , including two who were detained while trying to cross from France into Italy , van der Sypt 's office said . Investigators have n't found any links between the alleged Belgium plot and last week 's Islamist terror attacks that killed 17 people in Paris , the prosecutor said . But the Belgium raids come amid fears of ongoing terror threats in Europe -- as many as 20 terror cells with 120 to 180 people may be ready to strike in France , Germany , Belgium and the Netherlands , a Western intelligence source told CNN . Thursday night 's raids were a dramatic culmination in a chain of Belgian police investigations into an alleged terror cell that included people who had fought in Syria , van der Sypt said . The U.S. intelligence community knew for weeks of the plot in Belgium and was sharing critical information with Belgian authorities , several U.S. officials told CNN . The officials would n't say precisely what they knew , how much they knew , and when they knew it . There is concern those details could signal other militants planning other potential attacks . One U.S. official told CNN 's Barbara Starr the entire "  developing plot was being monitored and watched . " The official said , "  We were aware . We were tracking this , " and added , " ` There is a high probability other attacks were being planned " before the plots were disrupted by the raids . A European security source told CNN that Belgian authorities arrested two men returning from Syria over the weekend and interrogated them , then decided to act quickly . The United States was aware of the timing of the Belgian moves , U.S. officials said . Verviers is a little off the beaten path in eastern Belgium , the last stop before open fields and forest . Like many European towns , it 's densely built . People live close together . The whole city must have heard the explosions and the gunfight , according to resident Frederic Hausman . "  I can hear it . Everybody can hear it , " he said . "  In this little city , everybody heard the sound . " From his window , he could see police firing assault rifles at a nearby house . Hausman recorded the assault on the house and posted it on YouTube . The two who were killed were of North African descent , the Western intelligence source said . Verviers is home to many people with Moroccan roots , according to a study by the nearby University of Liege . Immigrants make up more than 11 % of the population , with the largest contingent from other European countries . Moroccans are the next-largest group . Verviers is about 69 miles  111 kilometers  east-southeast of Brussels and 200 miles  322 kilometers  northeast of Paris . The raids came as authorities monitored people returning from Syria , said Werts , the prosecutors ' spokesman . Police had arrested , questioned and searched Neetin Karasular , a Belgian suspected arms dealer allegedly aligned with ISIS and suspected of providing weapons to Amedy Coulibaly , the man who attacked a Paris kosher supermarket . Karasular knew Coulibaly 's wife , Hayat Boumeddiene , who is also a terror suspect in France . Karasular 's lawyer Michel Bouchat said his client was facing local firearms charges and had no connection with any jihadi groups or terror plans . In the process , police turned up names that solidified their suspicions about known persons , the Western intelligence source said . Last weekend , they arrested two more men at the Charleroi airport -- as they returned from Syria -- squeezed them for information then decided to act quickly , the source said . "  The investigation made it possible to determine that the group was about to carry out major terrorist attacks in Belgium imminently , " Belgian prosecutor spokesman Werts said . Authorities believed the suspects in Thursday 's gun battle had been providing documents and weapons to men returning from Syria , the intelligence source said . A senior Belgian counterterrorism official told CNN that the alleged terror cell is believed to have received instructions from ISIS . Belgium is putting 150 troops on standby for deployment in light of the increase in the country 's terror threat level , Belgian Interior Minister Jan Jambon said Friday . It has not been determined where they will be deployed , he said . The threat level will stay at three  with four being the highest  for one month , Prime Minister Charles Michel told CNN affiliate RTL . "  It is a way to mobilize all forces to raise security , " added . In France , police also made at least 12 arrests Friday in the probe of last week 's slayings of 17 people . Additionally , two people suspected of involvement with the alleged Verviers suspects were detained while trying to cross from France into Italy through the Frejus tunnel , a spokesman for Belgium 's federal prosecutor 's office said Friday . Belgium is asking France to extradite those two , said the spokesman , who would not disclose the suspects ' names or nationalities . In neighboring Germany , police in at least two cities arrested men they accuse of supporting jihadis in Syria . These suspects did not appear to be planning homegrown attacks , German authorities said . The fear of terror was already high in Western Europe after the bloodbaths in France that followed multiple threats of attacks from ISIS -- the Islamist group fighting to establish what it calls its Islamic caliphate in Iraq and Syria -- and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . AQAP has claimed responsibility for the Paris slayings . Men claiming to be ISIS terrorists and speaking French promised new attacks in France , Belgium , Germany and Switzerland , in an online video found on Thursday . ISIS has said it would lash out at European countries participating in bombardments in the Middle East . More than 3,000 Europeans have left to fight in Syria in recent years . Authorities have long warned that those fighters could return and carry out attacks at home . British intelligence has also warned another Islamist group in Syria was planning "  mass casualty attacks against the West , " an apparent reference to the Khorasan group . The Belgian raids came against the background of a terror trial of dozens of men suspected of recruiting jihadists or trying to go to Syria to fight . An Antwerp court was to return verdict this week but postponed it due to the Paris attacks . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Richard Greene , Margot Haddad , Catherine E. Shoichet , Dheepthika Laurent and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	Officials believe this is a new strategy from ISIS to organize attacks on nations in airstrike coalition Counterterrorism official tells CNN that terrorists killed in Belgium raid had ties to ISIS U.S. sources tell CNN that they knew of planned attacks and shared information with Belgians
Sydney  CNN  -- Of the many challenges China faces in its progression towards global economic leadership over the next 15 years , one of the biggest is the food , water and air security of its 1.35 billion people . It needs to confront this issue with the same zeal and determination it has shown in pursuing economic growth since the 1980s because the environmental downside of that success is the widespread contamination of its soil , water and air -- with costly consequences for the health and safety of its people . China has less than 10 % of the world 's cultivated land and only 7 % of its potable water , but must seek to feed almost 20 % of the world 's population , according to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization  FAO  . Beijing and other parts of northeastern China are already water-stressed , the air quality in inland mega-cities such as Chongqing and Chengdu is abysmal , farming land is being poisoned by toxic runoff from mining and industrial activities , acid rain blights large parts of south China , contagious disease is an ever-present risk among its livestock , and unscrupulous makers sell tainted foodstuffs . When natural disasters such as drought , floods , earthquakes and landslides are factored in , the food security picture for China can start to look very bleak indeed . At the same time , new demographic and social pressures are emerging : China 's people are living longer and eating more , according to the U.N. Population growth and economic prosperity are driving demand for water-intensive and protein-rich food such as meat and dairy . That in turn means farmers must produce more soybeans and corn for animal feed , or import what they ca n't grow . The speed of the middle class consumption boom is so swift that unless China takes decisive steps soon to re-engineer its food and water usage patterns and supply chains , and commits to a massive greening of its industrial landscape , it risks social dislocation that could undo much of its progress . Food price inflation in the big cities -- China has 160 cities with populations above 1 million -- could trigger unrest . China 's current five-year plan puts considerable emphasis on resource conservation and environmental improvements , but time is not on the side of the new leaders about to take office . Still , China has faced existential challenges before . Fifty years ago , it emerged from the most catastrophic famine in its history , when drought , floods and Mao Zedong 's disastrous Great Leap Forward experiment in agrarian collectivization claimed the lives of an estimated 30 million to 45 million people between 1958-62 . Multiple factors allowed China to recover from those terrible years , including replacing ideology with pragmatism and giving farmers a chance to produce extra crops for themselves . Since then , better farming practices , improved seeds , more mechanization and information , and smoother supply chains have all helped China in its quest for food security . So too have offshore food investments in Asia , Africa , the Americas and Australia -- though managing local reaction to these investments carries its own challenges . Today China is both the biggest producer and consumer of wheat , rice , meat , fish , vegetables and fruit . But it falls short in animal feed . Although China produces 15 million tons of soybeans a year , demand is so high that it must import four times that amount from the United States and Brazil . By 2015 it could be importing 80 million tons a year , while corn imports could reach 20 million tons , according to Morgan Stanley research and forecasts by food companies such as COFCO and Olam . On the food safety front , Chinese consumers scarred by the melamine poisoned milk and tainted meat scandals of the past few years are demanding better quality controls . They are alert , too , to any disease outbreaks in China 's vast stock of pigs and chickens . And bubbling in the background is China 's problem of water contamination and over-use . According to U.N. FAO statistics , only India uses more water . By the time China 's population reaches 1.6 billion around 2030 , average water availability will have dropped from 2,195 cubic meters per person a year to just 1,760 m3 , the U.N. says . The FAO defines stress conditions as below 1,700 m3 , with chronic scarcity below 1,000 m3 and absolute scarcity below 500 m3 . Already Beijing , Jiangsu , Shandong and Tianjin are at "  extreme risk , " according to the 2012 Water Stress Index compiled by global risk analyst Maplecroft . Clearly , China has a lot of issues to handle . But with the right policies , it has the chance both to enhance its food security and rejuvenate its environment . Japan in the 1990s showed how an industrial , heavily-polluted landscape could be re-greened , and how big cities such as Tokyo and Osaka could clean up their air and waterways . Reduce , reuse , recycle has to be China 's resources mantra . Farmers must further refine growing cycles to be more water-efficient . Supply chains between farms and urban tables must run faster and keep wastage to a minimum . There is one more "  R " in the mix - reform . Xi Jinping must lead the reform effort , to address corruption and criminal behavior in the food supply chain . As well , there are three "  Is " -- innovation , infrastructure and investment -- for the leadership to focus on . There needs to be greater innovation to improve food safety , more investment on infrastructure to upgrade food and water distribution and waste disposal systems , and a proactive approach to long-range investment in domestic and overseas food assets . Failure to preserve China 's environment will be costly in multiple ways . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Geoff Hiscock .	China has less than 10 % of the world 's cultivated land and only 7 % of its potable water Pressure increasing as China 's people are living longer and eating more , according to U.N. China 's current five-year plan emphasizes resource conservation , environmental improvement Hiscock : Time is not on the side of the new leaders about to take office
Yaya Toure has retained his title as African Player of the Year after fighting off the challenge of Didier Drogba . The 29-year-old , who helped guide Manchester City to the English Premier League title last season , enjoyed a stunning year with the club . The Ivorian , who overcame fellow countryman Drogba and Cameroon 's Alex Song , was obviously touched after being confirmed as the winner . "  I have a lot of emotion , " he said after getting onto the stage in Accra , Ghana . "  I think this night is so special for me . " Drogba and Katongo lead nominations for African Player of Year Toure scored six goals last season as City pipped rivals Manchester United to the title , while he also helped his country reach the final of the Africa Cup of Nations . The 29-year-old has now equaled the achievements of Senegal 's El-Hadji Diouf by winning the award twice in a row . But he will face a challenge to make it three on the bounce as Cameroon 's Samuel Eto'o did between 2003-2005 , before the Cameroon striker collected the award for a fourth time in 2010 . Drogba seals big-money move Former Chelsea star Drogba had been highly-fancied to win the award after his stellar year at Stamford Bridge . The 34-year-old , now playing in China with Shanghai Shenhua , was an integral part of the team 's European Champions League triumph as well as its FA Cup success . His equalizer in the Champions League final against Bayern Munich and his winning penalty kick led the club to its first every triumph in the competition . But it was Toure , who helped City win its first league title in 44 years , who won the vote , with Song of Barcelona coming third . "  Being in competition against Yaya and Alex was very difficult for me , " Drogba told reporters . "  I do n't mind if Yaya wins . I 'm very proud . " Zambia win Africa Cup of Nations Meanwhile , Zambia was named as the National Team of the Year following its incredible victory at the Africa Cup of Nations . Manager Herve Renard took the Coach of the Year accolade after leading Zambia to the title following his side 's triumph over the Ivory Coast on penalties . Egypt and Al Ahly midfielder Mohamed Aboutreika was named as African Player of the Year Based in Africa . The 34-year-old collected the prize for the second time having also won it back in 2008 .	Yaya Toure has been named as African Player of the Year Manchester City and Ivory Coast midfielder helped club win EPL last season Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba misses out despite winning European Champions League Cameroon and Barcelona 's Alex Song also overlooked
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The FBI has begun interviewing clients of deceased Garden City , New York , lawyer William Parente as part of an investigation into his financial dealings , according to FBI spokesman James Margolin . Stephanie Parente , 19 , was found dead along with her sister and parents in a Baltimore hotel Monday . Margolin said the investigation was launched at the request of police in Baltimore County , Maryland , where Parente , his wife and their two daughters were found dead in a hotel room earlier this week . "  We 're looking into Parente 's business interests and whether there 's any impropriety there and any crime was committed , " Margolin said . Baltimore County police say Parente , 59 , killed his family before committing suicide . There have been allegations of financial impropriety in the course of the investigation , said police spokesman Cpl. Mike Hill at a news conference Wednesday . A law enforcement source told CNN a cell phone belonging to Parente was recovered in the hotel room where the bodies were found . In an attempt to locate surviving family members , investigators contacted people in the phone 's directory , and some of those people said they were Parente 's investment clients . The New York attorney general 's office confirmed it received a complaint alleging financial wrongdoing from attorney Bruce Montague of Queens , New York . CNN spoke with Montague 's law partner , Steve Drelich , who said he was speaking on Montague 's behalf because Montague is distraught over the death of Parente , whom he considered a personal friend as well as a financial adviser . Drelich confirmed Montague was a client of Parente 's , and said the two had known each other about six years and that Montague had been investing with Parente for about that long . Drelich said Montague 's estimated losses in investments with Parente total about $ 450,000 . Drelich said recently Montague "  got nervous and asked -LSB- Parente -RSB- for his money back , " in light of highly publicized scandals involving other investors and financial advisers . Drelich said when Montague kept asking Parente about the money , he was told "  it was in a Canadian bank and -LSB- Parente -RSB- was having trouble getting the money back . " Montague finally received six checks late last week , Drelich said . "  Four of the six checks bounced . We were told there was no money in the account . ... We were told by the bank that the checks were bouncing , " Drelich told CNN . Drelich said he does n't know the amounts of the two checks that did clear for Montague . It was not until news broke about the Parente family deaths and apparent murder-suicide investigation that Montague contacted authorities , Drelich said . But Drelich emphasized that Montague was more upset with the deaths than any financial loss . "  You can always make more money , " Drelich said . "  But Bruce is devastated about the family . He considered -LSB- Parente -RSB- a friend , but he 's especially concerned about the family . " Drelich said his office received calls from at least five other people who said they invested money with Parente , with callers claiming more than $ 4 million in total investments with Parente . Drelich said his office referred those callers to the state attorney general 's office . Baltimore County police said Parente killed his wife , Betty , 58 , on Sunday , April 19 , using "  blunt force trauma " and asphyxiation . Police said he killed his daughter Catherine , 11 , around the same time , using the same method . Later that day , his daughter Stephanie , 19 , a Loyola College sophomore , was killed also by blunt force trauma and asphyxiation , according to police . Citing hotel records , police said the room was accessed by its electronic key at around 4 p.m. on Sunday , making it plausible that Stephanie entered the room . Later that evening , police said , Stephanie 's college roommate , worried that she had an exam the next morning and had n't come home , called the room and spoke to William Parente . Parente told the roommate Stephanie would be spending the night . Police believe she was dead at the time . Parente died some time later by cutting himself , police said , but would not elaborate further on his death .	FBI looking for financial impropriety after man 's clients talked about money loss Police say William Parente killed wife , two daughters in hotel room Family ID 'd as William and Betty Parente , Stephanie , 19 , Catherine , 11 Police say Parente , an attorney , fatally cut himself
Fairhope , Alabama  CNN  -- The polls and the campaign dialogue are n't much help in assessing the Mormon factor in the Alabama and Mississippi primaries . The distinct feeling on the ground was that it had an impact , leading many evangelical Christians to reject pragmatic arguments to ignore Mitt Romney 's Mormonism because of his presumed electability . In a pattern dating back to the single-issue campaigns of the segregation era , discussion of this underground religious division was conducted almost entirely through code words and signals and was mainly missing from public forums and press accounts . The strongest signal came from Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley , who had a political ally reveal election day morning that he was voting for Rick Santorum . The announcement came on the statewide "  Rick and Bubba " radio show , described by the Birmingham News as having "  broad appeal to evangelical , conservative voters . " The news flashed around the state long before the polls closed . Everyone understood what was meant by a subsequent Facebook posting by Bentley , who in the last gubernatorial primary rode the church vote to victory over a better qualified Republican opponent . Bentley said he voted for Santorum because he considered him the "  most conservative candidate " in the field . Among two-thirds of Alabama Republicans , that description translates to most-like-us-religiously . Also on election morning , the president of the Baptist-affiliated University of Mobile , Dr. Mark Foley , addressed religious divisions obliquely in a prominent op-ed piece addressed to "  persons of faith " in the Mobile Press Register . "  Honest interpretations of scripture " among Christians "  have formed hard lines that make it hard for us to agree , " he wrote . He then endorsed Santorum as the best representative of "  American ideals . " Few people spoke as candidly as a caller to the popular Paul Finebaum radio show . He noted that President Obama was a congregant of the Rev. Jeremiah Wright and Romney is a Mormon . He concluded "  hold your nose " and vote for the lesser of two evils . Bloc voting by evangelicals is a standard feature of Southern Republican politics , and polls show it has also fueled Santorum 's rise nationally . Belief blog : Romney stumbles in bible belt Students of the theocratic strain in Southern politics may recall that anti-Catholicism was once a major force in the region 's elections . But the fact that both Santorum and Newt Gingrich are Roman Catholic had little impact this time . The South 's Republican Christian base vote has been unified since 1980 , when Northern urban Catholics and Southern born-agains rallied to Ronald Reagan . Religious or racial prejudice is notoriously hard for pollsters to measure . The National Election Pool found that Gingrich and Santorum together got two-thirds of the evangelical vote in Alabama and Mississippi . Romney got 27 % in Alabama and 29 % in Mississippi . Those numbers probably reflect the number of establishment Republicans in those states , a group that was notably subdued in the days before the election . Would anti-Mormon feeling in the South hurt Romney in a general election ? That 's not likely , since about half the Republican voters in Alabama and Mississippi believe Obama is a Muslim . In any event , the Deep South is so much a one-party region that nothing will get the Democratic ticket in the hunt . But in contested states , religion , like race , could be a tilt factor that the press seems reluctant to engage . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howell Raines .	Howell Raines : Romney 's Mormonism was under-the-radar issue in Tuesday 's primaries He says Ala. governor 's backing "  most conservative " Santorum was code for religious ally He says in 1980 Christians unified with Catholics over Ronald Reagan , creating a base Raines : Romney 's Mormomism less hurtful in run against Obama ; South will still go GOP
EW.com  -- It 's good to be Kevin Hart and Ice Cube this weekend . The increasingly ubiquitous Hart , who recently told EW that Ride Along is "  my baby , " scored big with a $ 41.2 million opening weekend for the buddy-cop comedy . That should jump to an estimated $ 47.8 million when one factors in the Monday MLK Jr. holiday . Not only does the impressive haul surpass expectations for Universal 's leanly budgeted $ 25 million comedy , but it also breaks the record for a January opening .  If you 're still not sold on the Hart/Cube pairing , whose chemistry lifted the film to an "  A " approval rating with CinemaScore audiences , let this stupendous spot on Conan give you a taste of their chemistry . Universal folks have further reason to thrust their chests out this weekend . Buoyed by rapturous word of mouth , the studio 's real-SEAL heart-thumper Lone Survivor dropped just 38 percent to deliver an impressive $ 23.2 million in its fourth weekend . Director Peter Berg , whose Battleship bombed so badly , made Lone Survivor for $ 40 million and now can boast about a $ 74 million domestic total . Sliding into the No. 3 spot is Open Road Films ' animated The Nut Job . With families looking for holiday entertainment , The Nut Job should swap places with Lone Survivor by the end of Monday . The squirrel comedy , which earned a solid "  B " rating from CinemaScore audiences , managed to outperform its modest expectations . Alas , the same ca n't be said for Paramount 's stab at rebooting its Jack Ryan franchise , with Star Trek actor Chris Pine playing the action-hero CIA agent who 's previously been played by the likes of Alec Baldwin and Harrison Ford . Jack Ryan : Shadow Recruit , which the studio made for $ 60 million , debuts at a rather limp No. 4 with just $ 17.2 million . A "  B " CinemaScore rating should n't do much to attract moviegoers distracted by all the Oscar-nominated films they want to see before the big show . That said , Shadow Recruit fared better overseas , with $ 22.2 million from only half of the international markets . Frozen hung on in the No. 5 spot , with Disney 's domestic kitty now totaling nearly $ 333 million . But hot on its heels was American Hustle , which earned 10 Oscar nominations and last night walked away with a SAG award for best ensemble cast . David O. Russell 's caper , starring Christian Bale , Amy Adams , Bradley Cooper , and Jennifer Lawrence , enjoyed a 28 percent jump with a $ 10.6 million haul in its sixth weekend ; its total gross rose to $ 116.4 million . The Meryl Streep/Julia Roberts family drama August : Osage County likewise enjoyed a jump in box office to $ 7.6 million as it more than doubled its theater count to 2,051 ; its cume stands at nearly $ 18.2 million . The only other other notable new release is Devil 's Due , Eli Roth 's found-footage horror movie that was hoping to benefit from its mega-viral "  Devil Baby " campaign . The film failed to crack the top 5 and earned a dismal "  D + " CinemaScore rating . That 's a bleak showing , and yet the $ 7 million film already recouped its investment with an $ 8.5 million debut . The top five : 1 . Ride Along -- $ 41.2 million 2 . Lone Survivor -- $ 23.2 million 3 . The Nut Job -- $ 20.55 million 4 . Jack Ryan : Shadow Recruit -- $ 17.2 million 5 . Frozen -- $ 12 million See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Ride Along " scored big with opening weekend "  Lone Survivor " came in second "  Devil Baby " got low rankings
The ghastly video shows how barbaric the Syrian civil war can be . A man , said to be a well-known rebel fighter , carves into the body of a government soldier and cuts out his heart and liver . "  I swear to God we will eat your hearts out , you soldiers of Bashar . You dogs . God is greater ! " the man says . "  Heroes of Baba Amr ... we will take out their hearts to eat them . " He then puts the heart in his mouth and takes a bite . Opinion : Is Obama failing on moral leadership ? A group loyal to President Bashar al-Assad posted the video online Monday . The group describes the mutilation as a "  crime that crosses all lines . " It 's a sentiment shared by the main opposition alliance , which describes the act as "  horrific and inhumane . " "  The Syrian Coalition strongly condemns this act , if it is revealed to be true , " the dissident group said in a statement . "  The coalition stresses that such an act contradicts the morals of the Syrian people , as well as the values and principles of the  rebel  Free Syrian Army . " Rebel spokesman : There 's more to the story Although CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video , CNN has interviewed a local rebel spokesman who confirmed the incident and said he has spoken to the man in the footage . Tariq al Sayed , a spokesman from the Homs neighborhood of Baba Amr , said he is a friend of the rebel in the video . He said the incident took place more than two weeks ago , after several rebels and government troops were killed in a battle in western Homs . Al Sayed said when he saw the video , he told his friend to take it off the Internet because the act was so perverse . "  This was an isolated incident .  His  actions do not represent the FSA . His actions only represent himself , " al Sayed said . "  This is not just a normal person who sits home . He has had two brothers killed . His mom and dad were detained , and the rest of his family displaced . " The Baba Amr district of Homs , once a bastion of anti-government sentiment , was subjected to a brutal counteroffensive by the Syrian army starting in February 2012 , Human Rights Watch said . Homs came under weeks of relentless attacks by government forces , including indiscriminate shelling on civilian areas . But the government has repeatedly denied attacking civilians , saying Syrian forces were targeting armed gangs and foreign terrorists bent on destabilizing the government . Regardless of the horrors suffered in Homs , the atrocious act in the video is inexcusable , Human Rights Watch said . "  It is not enough for Syria 's opposition to condemn such behavior or blame it on violence by the government , " said Nadim Houry , Middle East deputy director at Human Rights Watch . "  The opposition forces need to act firmly to stop such abuses . "	The main opposition alliance condemns the act , calling it "  horrific and inhumane " Local rebel : Two of the man 's brothers had been killed , and his parents were detained Homs , once a bastion for dissidents , endured indiscriminate attacks by regime forces The government said it was targeting armed gangs and terrorists in Homs
CNN  -- There 's more to do in Cairo than just protest . Just look at lifestyle website CairoScene . On Tuesday , for instance , there 's Johnny 's Karaoke Night , Culturewheel 's Mime Festival and the Arab Music Festival Ceremony at the Cairo Opera House . You can get one pizza free if you buy another at Boosters , and it 's ladies night at Yasso Lounge . The young Egyptians who put out CairoScene work at a building in an upscale Cairo neighborhood . It 's next to Nahda Square , where the Muslim Brotherhood staged a sit-in , and the protests sometimes prevented them from getting to work . Today , the Brotherhood protesters are gone and there 's no missing the military presence outside the building . At one intersection , troops stand guard from an armored personnel carrier as pedestrians stroll by . Inside CairoScene 's offices , young Egyptians huddle around sparkling white tables and lounge on white couches , peering into computers . They talk about their latest stories and the unrest raging across Egypt . Top Muslim Brotherhood figure among scores arrested "  We asked for this , " site co-founder Timy Mowafi said . "  The Egyptian people asked for the army to intervene . " Among many in the newsroom , the military crackdown against supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy is necessary , if unfortunate . "  It 's devastating to think of the numbers who have died on either side , but there were armed people on the streets , " Mowafi said . "  This would not be acceptable in any other country . " But not everyone agrees wholeheartedly . "  Personally , I 'm not with the military , but I 'm also definitely not with the Brotherhood , " said Eihab Boraie , a senior writer for the site . "  We will have to take up Tahrir again , " he said , referring to the landmark Cairo square that served as the backdrop for the 2011 protests that led to the ouster of longtime Egyptian strongman Hosni Mubarak . "  And when we take up Tahrir , " he said , "  it will be against the Brotherhood and against the military , and it will be for peaceful transition to immediate election . " Opinion : Can anyone save Egypt from the brink ? ` In God 's hands ' With hundreds dead , funerals are frequent . One recent day , relatives held the funeral for Ammar Badie , the slain son of the now-arrested leader of the Muslim Brotherhood . He was shot twice in the head last week as security forces clashed with protesters . On this hot , sunny Cairo day , mourners carried his plain wooden coffin into a crypt . Men wept , shook hands , said goodbye . "  It 's a disgrace people were saying he was a terrorist , " said Ammar Badie 's cousin , Omar Rabiya . "  He was not -- he was a person of peace , a smart guy -- and he just wanted his country to be free . " Ammar 's brother Bilal told mourners not to cry . "  This is in God 's hands , " he said . Egypt 's cycle of violence ` The church is my home ' Outside Cairo last week , 67-year-old Shenouda el Sayeh swept up ashes amid the burned ruins of the Virgin Mary Church . The church was one of at least 30 attacked last week amid backlash over the military crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood . The Rev. Boktor Saad , the church 's pastor , said Islamists were behind the attack . "  They started organizing marches and demonstrations , chanting outside the church , chanting down with the church , " he said . To el Sayeh , the church , now charred and gutted , was home . "  I 'm sad , " he said . "  My religion tells me to come clean . I clean the church . The church is my home . " ' I feel frustrated ' Life amid the chaos is n't terrifying for 20-year-old student Mayar Adly . It 's boring . "  I do n't go out as much as I used to go before , " she said . "  I 'm so bored . My life sucks . " And there are moments of panic . A couple of days ago , the family heard gunshots outside during a protest . "  I thought it was fireworks , but they told me it was gunshots " Adly said . "  My mom told me to stay away from the window . It was kind of freaky . I was scared . " Barred from protesting by her father , she spends most of her time in a three-room high-rise apartment with her two younger brothers , her parents and five cats . A local market delivers their groceries , and she gets to go out only rarely -- to a cleaning job at a nearby bank . She spends time on Facebook , reading and watching television -- but not the news . "  I 'm fed up with news , " she said . "  I used to be interested in the news , but I 'm not as interested as I used to be . " I feel frustrated , " she said . "  I worry about how much longer I 'll have to stay at home . " U.S. temporarily holds up some military aid to Egypt CNN 's Ian Lee and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Egyptians describe life during the country 's violent protests "  I worry about how much longer I 'll have to stay at home , " says a 20-year-old student Protests prevent many Egyptians from going to work
CNN  -- Gerry Conlon , who was wrongly imprisoned for the IRA Guildford pub bombing in England in 1974 , died Saturday in Belfast , Northern Ireland . He was 60 . He was one of the Guildford Four , who were falsely convicted by the British courts and eventually freed in 1989 . Conlon had been ill for some time . "  We recognize that what he achieved by fighting for justice for us had a far , far greater importance -- it forced the world 's closed eyes to be opened to injustice , " his family said in a statement . The story of Conlon 's struggle for freedom was told in the film "  In the Name of the Father . " "  I served 15 years for a crime I did not commit , " Conlon said when he finally walked out of prison in 1989 , following an appeals court decision to throw out the sentences of the Guildford Four after doubts were raised about the police evidence . It was n't until 2005 that British Prime Minister Tony Blair apologized to the Guildford Four , calling the false convictions a miscarriage of justice . "  They deserve to be completely and publicly exonerated , " Blair said at the time . Members of the Conlon and Maguire families were jailed in connection with the 1974 Irish Republican Army bombings in Guildford and Woolwich in England . The attacks killed seven people and injured more than 100 . Conlon was originally implicated in the Guildford blast . All 11 people convicted in the attacks were later acquitted . Tributes The leader of Northern Ireland 's Social Democratic and Labour Party  SDLP  , Dr. Alasdair McDonnell , expressed condolences to Conlon 's partner and daughter . He called the miscarriage of justice Conlon and his father , Giuseppe , suffered terrible and appalling . "  He was a shinning light in the search for truth and a tireless campaigner for justice . The SDLP , the wider community and I will miss Gerry , " McDonnell said . " May he rest in peace . " Sinn Fin President Gerry Adams said he was saddened by Conlon 's death . "  Gerry Conlon and his father Giuseppe were two of the most infamous examples of miscarriages of justice by the British political and judicial system , " Adams said . "  To his family and friends I want to extend my sincere condolences . " Eamon Gilmore , Ireland 's minister of foreign affairs , reflected on Conlon 's years after prison . "  In later years , Gerry drew from his experiences to campaign on behalf of others with the group Miscarriages of Justice Organisation , " Gilmore said . "  His loss will be felt both within the community in West Belfast and across the world with all those who work in pursuit of justice . " People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Mary Rose Fox contributed to this story	Gerry Conlon , one of the Guildford Four , dies at age 60 Conlon was wrongly convicted in the 1974 IRA bombing of Guildford pub He spent 15 years in prison and was released in 1989 His story is told in the film "  In the Name of the Father "
New York  CNN  -- Some Americans spent Friday night worrying about their next mortgage payment . Many prayed for loved ones serving in Iraq and Afghanistan . Others continued to clean up spilled oil in the U.S. Gulf . Paris Hilton , meanwhile , was tooling around the Las Vegas Strip with a male friend in a black Cadillac Escalade , until a traffic cop thought he smelled marijuana and pulled them over . As the incident unfolded , passing cars slowed down and a crowd of about 100 gathered to take photos and witness Hilton make news yet again . Just before a supervised bathroom break at the Wynn Hotel , Hilton asked to get lip balm from her purse . As she opened the purse , an officer noticed a "  small bindle " in a "  clear baggy " fall out , according to the police report . Hilton , who was arrested on suspicion of possessing less than a gram of cocaine , said the purse and powdery substance were not hers , the report says . This was not the 29-year-old heiress socialite 's first brush with the law . Media outlets , bloggers and Hollywood pundits will surely scrutinize the arrest in great detail and speculate for days to come about whether it will be her last . With all the problems the world faces -- climate change , terrorism , economic malaise and more -- why do we care so much about celebrities such as Hilton getting into trouble ? "  In the last four years 28,000 people have been killed in a country that shares our border , and the country that is supposed to be our safest ally in the Middle East has now got 20 million displaced people , " said Danny Bonaduce , a former child actor in the 1970s sitcom "  The Partridge Family , " referring to the drug wars in Mexico and recent floods in Pakistan . "  The news is bad . Who wants to know that when we can watch Lindsay Lohan drown in a sea of Vicodin ? " said Bonaduce , host of his own radio talk show on 94.1 WYSP in Philadelphia . From Hilton to Mel Gibson to Britney Spears , Tiger Woods and Martha Stewart to O.J. Simpson , Pee Wee Herman , George Michael , Michael Jackson and Fatty Arbuckle and even going all the way back to Adam and Eve , the appetite for celebrity misbehavior seems insatiable . These days , Americans and cultures around the world never get bored of dishing on celebrity mayhem and may even prefer it to pondering more pressing matters . "  It 's just way more fun than facing what is actually happening out there , " said Bonaduce , 51 , who openly speaks about the " mountains of drugs " he has done over the years and the times he was caught on the wrong side of the law . People have always been captivated by royalty and celebrities are the new royalty , says Jane Velez-Mitchell , an author and host of "  Issues " on HLN . But there 's a darker side to focusing on misfortunes of the rich and famous and the thrill that comes with it , says Velez-Mitchell , who writes and often speaks about her successful battle with years of alcoholism . "  I think there 's a certain perverse satisfaction that everyone experiences when they see somebody who has everything -- money , fame , power , good looks , the world at their feet -- and yet it seems like they 're just as miserable as the guy next door or even oneself . " Mario Lavandeira , better known as Perez Hilton and somewhat famous in his own right as a celebrity blogger , compares the compulsion to follow celebrity mischief to rubbernecking during a car accident . "  It 's on a bigger scale and more people can see it , therefore more people are prone to slow down . " The main point is familiarity , says Robert Thompson , a professor of popular culture at Syracuse University . When strangers gossip they often need a more common bond than friends or family can provide , Thompson says . "  I do n't know your Aunt Carol and you do n't know my relative who 's in trouble so there 's no kind of connection there , " Thompson said . "  We can talk about the latest tape from Mel Gibson . He 's all of our relatives . He 's all of our crazy Uncle Mel . " Watching celebrities fall from grace or go wild makes the rest of us feel better about ourselves , says Liz Miele , a New York-based standup comedian . "  It 's just that we like feeling better than them . We live these kind of mundane , lame lives or at least that 's how we feel most of the time , " said Miele , 25 . " Then when somebody -LSB- famous -RSB- curses off their girlfriend or somebody ends up in rehab or somebody gets a DUI all of a sudden we 're like , ` well , I did n't mess up my life that much . " ' Still , fame carries privilege , and sometimes the ability to get away with more than the average person . The fact that celebrities are much harder to replace in their work than a janitor or computer technician , for example , could be a key reason they may not pay the full price for misbehaving , according to a 2004 Clemson University study by Todd Kendall . But there 's no red carpet treatment for Hollywood on its own turf , according to the Los Angeles Police Department , which handles its fair share of famous people flouting the law . "  From a law enforcement perspective , we treat everyone the same , " says Officer Karen Rayner , a spokesperson for the LAPD . "  When an arrest becomes a media event , the Los Angeles Police Department deploys sufficient resources to ensure the safety of the public and the individual . " While it 's clear millions like to kick back by picking up the latest magazines , clicking on countless blogs and watching TV shows rehash celebrity antics , is this form of escapism safe ? Yes , but in moderate doses , says Judith Kuriansky , a New York clinical psychologist who teaches at Columbia University Teachers College . "  If you do something that is much more related to your own life rather than comparing yourself to someone else , then that would be the highest rung of healthiness , " Kuriansky says . "  Going to a museum , learning a new sport , taking up a new hobby , going to a cooking class -- any of those things certainly are healthier than looking at someone else 's life , whether it 's your neighbor or a celebrity . "	Paris Hilton has been charged with felony drug possession Ex-child star : People would rather talk about celebrities than deal with their own problems Sociology professor says a celebrity is like a common relative we can talk about While celebs seem to get off relatively lightly , LAPD says "  we treat everyone the same "
CNN  -- Nico Rosberg tasted grand prix success at his 111th attempt with a faultless drive to win the Chinese Grand Prix Sunday . The 26-year-old German led from pole in his Mercedes to relegate the McLaren pair of Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton to the minor podium positions in Shanghai . Hamilton 's third successive third place finish has taken him to the top of the world championship standings , two points clear of teammate Button . Previous leader Fernando Alonso could only take ninth place in his Ferrari and slips to third in the title race . Reigning double world champion Sebastian Vettel , who started from 11th place on the grid in his Red Bull , battled wearing tires in the closing stages of the 56-lap race and dropped from second place to fifth . He was overtaken by Button , Hamilton and then teammate Mark Webber , but up ahead Rosberg was untroubled . He crossed the line 20.6 seconds clear to become the first winner for the famous German marque of Mercedes since the legendary Juan Manuel Fangio in 1955 in Italy . "  This is an unbelievable feeling . I 'm very happy , very excited , " he told the post-race press conference . "  It 's been a long time coming for me , and for the team also , for the past two years and a bit . "  It 's finally there . It 's amazing , and it 's nice to see now how quickly we are progressing . " Stopping only twice to change tires , Rosberg was always in control , the last challenge to his supremacy disappearing when Button 's third stop in his McLaren cost him time . "  I think I lost nine to 10 seconds , which is a pity because when I exited the pits I had four cars ahead of me I would n't have been racing . Otherwise I would have had a nice , clear track , " Button said . Hamilton , who qualified second fastest , but was relegated five grid positions for a pre-race gearbox change , was pleased with another solid performance to take over at the top of the standings . "  I said I wanted to move forward . The team did a great job during the pit stops and with strategy , there was a lot of overtaking , so a fantastic day . " Rosberg 's teammate , seven-time champion Michael Schumacher , started from second on the grid , but his race was cut short by a mistake at his first pit stop which saw his right front tire nut not properly fitted . His pit crew were seen slapping the ground in frustration as he drove off before quickly retiring on lap 14 . Lotus driver Romain Grosjean finished sixth ahead of the Williams pair of Bruno Senna and Pastor Maldonado . Alonso and Sauber 's Kamui Kobayashi rounded out the points scoring for the top 10 .	Nico Rosberg wins Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai McLaren pair Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton second and third Hamilton takes the lead in the world tite race Rosberg 's teammate Michael Schumacher victim of faulty pit stop
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton gave a full-throated endorsement of Pennsylvania gubernatorial candidate Tom Wolf on Thursday , delivering a fiery speech that hit Wolf 's Republican opponent , pushed the larger Democratic midterm message and , at times , highlighted herself . Clinton 's first public campaign rally was a noticeable departure for someone who , until now , has shied away from appearing on stage with candidates . In Florida , New York and Illinois , the former first lady has opted to tout candidates in tight races behind closed doors . Wolf , however , is a safer bet for Clinton , as most polls have the Democrat up by double digits over Republican incumbent Tom Corbett . "  I am here for one reason , as a proud woman for Wolf , " Clinton said , touting the Democrat 's focus on education and women . "  When you strip it all away , that is what this election is all about , " she later added . Her speech , though , also sounded strikingly similar to stump speeches Clinton gives when touting herself . The former first lady talked up her Pennsylvania roots  her father 's side of the family was from Scranton  and noted the importance of turnout by subtly referencing her failed 2008 presidential election . "  From my perspective , you ca n't count on things turning out the way you wanted , " Clinton said . "  You 've got to work for it . " And while two large Wolf for governor signs stood on stage in front of the roughly 900 attendees , the crowd clearly was more excited to see Clinton , a potential 2016 presidential candidate . Hillary Clinton 's midterm campaign schedule "  Listen , I am the one running for governor , " Wolf said , half joking , when Clinton peeked her head around the curtain behind the stage and the crowd erupted in applause . Clinton touted Wolf as a "  fresh start , " someone who would fight for Pennsylvania families and workers and "  turn around " the state . "  I am pleased that you are all here supporting that campaign , " Clinton told the supportive crowd . "  Because you are convinced , as I am convinced , that Tom Wolf is the right leader and the right time for Pennsylvania 's hard-working people . " Before the public endorsement , the former first lady headlined a high-dollar , closed fund-raiser for Wolf . Campaign aides would not confirm how much money was going to be raised , but in the past Clinton has raised as much as $ 1 million for candidates . Clinton 's event with Wolf offered a dramatic contrast to the time she spent with Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn on Wednesday in Chicago . While Clinton and Wolf stood in front of a cacophony of television cameras and cheering supporters , Clinton and Quinn spent most of their time together behind closed doors at a private fund-raiser . The only time Clinton and Quinn did spend in public was when the duo made an unannounced stop at a college Starbucks . One camera was invited . Clinton shook hands with well wishers and posed for pictures , while Quinn urged students to vote in November . The former secretary of state posed for countless pictures and many students asked her for selfies . Unlike Wolf , who is ahead in every poll , Quinn is an incumbent with an uphill battle to keep his job . The trend is more than just Quinn and Wolf , too . Last week in Miami , Clinton appeared behind closed doors with Charlie Crist despite the fact that the Democrat 's campaign would have loved the image of the Florida gubernatorial hopeful standing with the former secretary of state . Crist 's race to unseat Republican Rick Scott is close in nearly every poll . What 's more , Clinton will appear next week in Michigan at an event with Gary Peters , the Democratic Senate nominee . Most polls have Peters up double digits over Republican Terri Lynn Land . That event will be open to the press .	Hillary Clinton endorsed Tom Wolf in the Pennsylvania governor 's race Clinton has shied away from the campaign trail in recent months She lauded Wolf 's focus on education and women
Los Angeles  CNN  -- With neither Donald nor Shelly Sterling in the room , the trial to see who controls the Los Angeles Clippers began in a California probate court Monday afternoon . The day started with a federal judge sending the case back to the state court , denying the claim by Donald Sterling 's attorneys that his privacy rights had been violated with the release of his medical records . With a July 15 deadline looming for the closing on Shelly Sterling 's sale of the team to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , the probate trial began with some drama . When her lead attorney Pierce O'Donnell was told he could call his first witness , he summoned Donald Sterling . Sterling was not there and the trial was briefly halted . One of Donald Sterling 's attorneys , Gary Ruttenberg , told reporters the move was a ploy meant to bring attention to his absence . After the delay , Ruttenberg requested the chance to make an opening statement , during which he declared : "  The NBA wants to get rid of my client . " But Bert Fields , a lawyer for Shelly Sterling , said they were very anxious to hear from her husband . "  We want to bring him to court and let him , finally , have a little cross-examination , " Fields said . "  He 's accusing his wife of fraud . Nonsense . " Sterling will appear in court Tuesday . Shelly Sterling came to the court Monday morning as the case was being ruled on by the federal judge but she left before the trial began in the state court . With Donald Sterling absent , O'Donnell called Dr. Meril S. Platzer , a neurologist who examined Donald Sterling . The judge overruled his lawyer 's objection to the doctor testifying . Shelly Sterling is trying to sell the NBA team to Ballmer for $ 2 billion . Her husband bought the team , which he says he wants to keep , for about $ 12 million in 1981 . The couple owns the Clippers through a trust , with each spouse being an equal trustee . Shelly Sterling had two doctors declare her husband mentally incapacitated -- and a third doctor agreed with their assessment -- and invoked a provision in the trust that allowed her to be sole trustee . Donald Sterling refused to sign the binding term sheet , so his wife took the matter to probate court . Donald Sterling says his wife did n't have authority to negotiate a deal with Ballmer . Donald Sterling 's lawyers have said their client was tricked into medical examinations . They also dispute their client is mentally deficient . Late last month , another doctor found Donald Sterling to be mentally fit , a source with knowledge of the situation told CNN . Bobby Samini , a lawyer for Donald Sterling , said he looked forward to his client showing his mental acuity on the witness stand . "  I have absolute confidence that Donald 's testimony is going to be very , very telling for everybody who observes it , " he told reporters . Sterling , 80 , has been embroiled in controversy since a recording of a conversation with his friend V. Stiviano surfaced . The recording included a series of racist comments . Sterling 's comments , first posted on TMZ , sparked outrage among NBA players , executives and fans . The NBA commissioner fined Sterling $ 2.5 million and banned him for life from the NBA . Sterling issued a statement last month in which he apologized for the remarks and said his apology was sincere . The contract between Shelly Sterling and Ballmer has a July 15 deadline to close the deal , with a 30-day extension , if needed . The NBA has a meeting the same day at which owners could approve the sale . If the case drags on , the Sterlings face a September 15 deadline from the NBA to sell team . Before the proposed sale was announced , the league had begun proceedings to terminate the Sterlings ' ownership rights . Sterlings face probate court trial on NBA 's Clippers -- or do they ? CNN 's Linda Hall contributed to this report .	Lawyer says other side calling Donald Sterling to testify was ploy to spotlight his absence Trial begins in state court after federal court denied it had jurisdiction in the matter Shelly Sterling wants judge to uphold her proposed sale of NBA 's Los Angeles Clippers The Sterlings have owned the team equally through a trust
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A light earthquake shook Southern California Thursday evening , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries . The magnitude 4.5 quake struck at 7:50 p.m.  10:50 p.m. ET  and was centered in San Bernardino , about 55 miles east of Los Angeles . A smaller magnitude 3.3 aftershock hit about an hour later . Although the quake was centered just a mile from San Bernadino 's city hall , it was 10 miles below the surface , said Dr. Egill Hauksson , a seismologist with the Earthquake Laboratory at the California Institute of Technology . "  It 's unlikely that there 's going to be damage , " said Hauksson said . There are about 10 quakes of this strength every year in this area , he said . Initial estimates put the quake at a magnitude 5.0 , but it was downgraded shortly afterward . The USGS said people reported feeling the earthquake as far away as San Diego .	Southern California shaken by light quake Thursday evening Quake centered in San Bernardino , about 55 miles east of Los Angeles Seismologist : "  It 's unlikely that there 's going to be damage " Quake downgraded to magnitude 4.5 , it 's felt all the way in San Diego
CNN  -- French police arrested 103 Croatian soccer fans Tuesday morning ahead of a match between Paris Saint Germain and Dinamo Zagreb , police officials said , amid fears of possible hooliganism . Some Croatian fans have also been barred from entering a certain zone of the Parc des Princes stadium in Paris on Tuesday evening , prefecture spokesman Franck Ernotte said . Those arrested can be held for up to 24 hours because they 've breached an order issued by French Interior Minister Manuel Valls on Sunday that banned Dinamo Zagreb fans from coming to Paris , a police statement said . The Croatian fans are in the French capital as their club plays the Paris side in a Champions League match , due to kick off at 8:45 p.m. local time . Clashes broke out Monday night between about 50 supporters of the two clubs near the Place de la Bastille in central Paris , police said . The disorder resulted in 25 arrests , 19 of them Croatian fans and six of them PSG supporters , the police statement said . Three of the Croats had been flagged by Croatian authorities as being particularly violent , it added , while three of the Parisian fans have been barred from the stadium . Two Croatian fans were injured in the fracas , police said . The confrontation started with verbal insults but soon turned violent , with some fans carrying batons and tear gas canisters , CNN affiliate BFM-TV reported . Dinamo Zagreb has yet to win a match in its group of four in the Champions League , with three games played . PSG is in second place in the group . In a bid to ward off trouble , Croatia turned back dozens of PSG fans on their way to Zagreb in October for the opening fixture between the two sides . This is not the first time Croatian football fans have been under the spotlight . The national football association was fined during the Euro 2012 tournament this summer for unruly behavior by hardcore supporters . And last year , the head of European football 's governing body , the Union of European Football Associations , met with the Croatian president to stress the importance of tackling football-related violence . CNN 's Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	NEW : Police arrest 103 supporters of Croatian side Dinamo Zagreb in Paris NEW : 25 French and Croatian fans were arrested Monday night amid violent clashes Dinamo Zagreb play Paris Saint Germain in a Champions League match Tuesday Sport 's governing body has previously raised concerns about Croatian fans ' hooliganism
CNN  -- Iranians coped with soaring gas and food prices sparked by the government 's removal of massive revolutionary-era subsidies as President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad left Wednesday for a two-day economic summit in Turkey . In the Iranian capital , Tehran , police manned gas stations as some cab drivers hiked fares and residents complained about prices going up fourfold for essential items after the government began slashing subsidies to help bolster the Islamic republic 's sagging oil-based economy . The government began its plan to remove subsidies on Sunday and deployed security forces to several major gas stations in the capital city , Tehran , to offset the threat of potential protests . In 2007 , protesters torched a dozen gas stations after the government 's abrupt decision to ration monthly fuel allotments . The cuts in subsidies are far more severe but the response has been muted . Iran observers attribute it to a climate of fear following a government crackdown in the aftermath of the 2009 presidential election controversy . Still , Tehran residents said the government was beefing up security . Witnesses saw up to 20 police officers at three major gas stations in central and northern Tehran . "  I hope enough people will protest these ridiculous changes , but they are scared of the security forces because of the past protests where our citizens were beaten , " said a civil engineer , who like others interviewed by CNN did not want to be identified for fear of repercussions . "  A lot of people are anxious and confused , " said a taxi driver , "  They do n't know what 's coming next but they do n't have much choice . " But a courier said he did n't have time to protest . "  They just make prices go higher and life more difficult , " he said . By Iran 's own admission , the subsidies have cost the government around $ 100 billion a year , according to a report on state-run Press TV this week . Iran was forfeiting potentially huge revenues , according to the International Monetary Fund . "  With the removal of subsidies on oil and gas , domestic demand for energy in Iran is expected to decline , leaving more energy resources available for export . If all goes according to plan , the strategy should serve the dual purpose of generating more revenue for the country and curbing the wasteful use of energy , " IMF Senior Economist Roman Zytek and Iran Mission Chief Dominique Guillaume said on the organization 's website . Adding to Iran 's economic woes are the effects of blistering international sanctions , imposed for its nuclear program , which Iran says it is developing for peaceful purposes but many other nations fear is aimed at producing a weapon . On Tuesday , the United States Treasury announced a new round of sanctions against five Iranian companies , including two banks and the country 's national maritime carrier , the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines . The United States says these companies are directly associated with the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps . Both the Revolutionary Guards and the shipping line "  are major institutional participants in Iran 's illicit conduct and in its attempts to evade sanctions , " said Stuart Levey , the U.S. under secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence . "  We will therefore continue to target and expose their networks . " Ahmadinejad is expected to deliver a keynote address at the Economic Cooperation Organization on Thursday . The group aims to develop economic cooperation among Iran , Turkey , Pakistan and seven other regional nations . In erasing the subsidies , Ahmadinejad was keenly aware he was treading on the promises made to the people in the 1979 Islamic revolution , said Iranian-American journalist and author Azadeh Moaveni . But the subsidies had become unsustainable and Ahmadinejad had prepared Iranians for the need to pump more money into the economy . "  We have been told for many years that subsidies are ruining the economy and must be eliminated , but no government up to now had the determination to actually go ahead and do it , " said a mechanic who gave his name as Abbas . Around the city , taxi drivers reacted to the cuts differently . One said he has raised his rates for rides . "  When gasoline prices almost double , my fares should also double , " he said . But another said his company told him not to charge riders extra . Despite the rise in gasoline prices to as much as 7,000 rials  70 cents  a liter , the driver said that if he makes up to eight trips a day in his taxi , he will make up the difference in the higher price of gasoline . Iran 's gas rationing program previously allowed people to buy up to 50 liters per month at around 10 cents a liter , far below what they or people anywhere else would pay on the world market . Now , Iranians are paying at least four times that -- 40 cents per liter for the first 50 liters each month and 70 cents above that . Iran has $ 10 trillion in oil resources alone , plus natural gas reserves worth between $ 3.5 trillion and $ 4.5 trillion , the International Monetary Fund has said . But its economy nonetheless has seen lackluster growth , including between 1 % and 2 % of GDP this past year . While gas prices will affect the middle and upper echelons of society , what is most worrying to others are rising prices for food . Working class Iranians will pay as much as 10 times more for bread . The government is paying $ 800 for two months for people who registered for help in buying bread at the higher prices . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr , Reza Sayah and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : The Iranian president is in Turkey for an economic summit The government began cutting subsidies on Sunday It deployed security forces to several major gas stations in Tehran Three years ago , protesters torched 12 gas stations in Tehran after a fuel ration
CNN Student News  -- Students will make educated predictions about how many electoral votes each presidential candidate will capture in the 2008 U.S. presidential election . Procedure Have students review the origin , purpose and function of the Electoral College . Ask students : What is the "  winner take all " system ? Are there any states that do not follow this system ? If so , how do they determine their electoral vote allocation ? How many electoral votes are needed to win the presidency ? Next , divide students into small groups and assign each group a current swing state in the 2008 presidential race . Consult the CNN Electoral Map Calculator for a list of swing states . Then , refer groups to online resources , including CNN 's Election Center 2008 on the CNN Politics site , to identify the following for their assigned swing state : After students complete their research , have each group analyze its data to determine which candidate it thinks will likely capture the swing state 's electoral votes . Have each group present its prediction and the rationale behind it . Following the presentations , direct students to the CNN Electoral Map Calculator to log their predictions for all the U.S. states and calculate how many electoral votes they predict each presidential candidate will capture . Instruct students to create a chart and log their predictions for each U.S. state . After the election , compare students ' predictions to the actual electoral vote outcome . Wrap up the activity by discussing the role of the Electoral College in determining the outcome of a U.S. presidential election . Correlated Standards Civics 9-12 Content Standards II . What are the Foundations of the American Political System ? A . What is the American idea of constitutional government ? B . What are the distinctive characteristics of American society ? C . What is American political culture ? D . What values and principles are basic to American constitutional democracy ? III . How Does the Government Established by the Constitution Embody the Purposes , Values , and Principles of American Democracy ? A . How are power and responsibility distributed , shared , and limited in the government established by the United States Constitution ? B . How is the national government organized and what does it do ? V . What are the Roles of the Citizen in American Democracy ? A . What is citizenship ? B . What are the rights of citizens ? C . What are the responsibilities of citizens ? D . What civic dispositions or traits of private and public character are important to the preservation and improvement of American constitutional democracy ? E . How can citizens take part in civic life ? The National Standards for Civics and Government  http://www.civiced.org/index.php?page=stds  are published by the Center for Civic Education  http://www.civiced.org/  . Social Studies Standard X. Civic Ideals and Practices Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of the ideals , principles , and practices of citizenship in a democratic republic . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/strands/  are published by the National Council for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/  . Keywords U.S. presidential election , candidates , popular vote , Electoral College , campaigning	Students will predict electoral vote totals for each U.S. presidential candidate
CNN  -- Two suspects have been arrested on terror charges and are accused of plotting to use explosive devices in Victoria , British Columbia , on Canada Day , which fell on Monday , James Malizia of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Tuesday . The alleged target was the B.C. legislature , according to RCMP Assistant Commissioner Wayne Rideout . Two Canadian-born citizens , John Nuttall and Amanda Korody , have been charged with conspiring to place an explosive in or against a place of public use , with intent to cause death or serious bodily injury ; facilitating terrorist activity ; and making or having in their possession an explosive substance with intent to endanger life , Rideout said . "  This self-radicalized behavior was intended to create maximum impact and harm to Canadian citizens at the B.C. legislature on a national holiday , " Rideout said . The suspects "  were inspired by al Qaeda ideology , " Malizia said , adding , however , there was no international link to the alleged plot . The alleged threat was detected early and "  at no time was the security of the public at risk , " Malizia said .	NEW : The alleged target was the British Columbia legislature NEW : The suspects are identified as Canadian-born John Nuttall and Amanda Korody The pair "  were inspired by al Qaeda ideology , " police say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese rock star , Cui Jian , has declined to appear on the state broadcaster 's annual Lunar New Year television extravaganza , his manager told CNN Wednesday . The invitation to perform had surprised many because Cui , sometimes called China 's "  father of rock " , had sided with student protesters during the 1989 Tiananmen Square demonstrations . "  Mr. Cui Jian did indeed receive an invitation from the Spring Festival Gala . However , Mr. Cui Jian ultimately wo n't perform , " his agent , You You , said in an email , without giving further details . During the protests in 1989 , students on hunger strike on the square adopted Cui 's hit "  Yiwu Suoyou "  Nothing to my Name  as their anthem . At the height of the protests , Cui gave an impromptu performance in the square -- days before the government sent in tanks and troops to crack down on the demonstrators . In the 1990s , authorities refused him permission to perform in big venues due to the political content of his lyrics , state newspaper Global Times reported on its website , although in recent years he has performed at some music festivals . Lunar New Year , also known as Spring Festival in China , is the country 's biggest holiday and families have traditionally gathered around the TV set on New Year 's Eve to watch CCTV 's "  Spring Festival Eve Gala . " For years , it was China 's most watched variety show , raking in huge advertising revenues and catapulting artists to stardom . However , with its cheesy sketches and patriotic songs , the marathon broadcast has lost some of its appeal among audiences recently and organizers have tried to spice it up with performances by international stars like Celine Dion .	Cui Jian declines to appear in state broadcaster 's Lunar New Year television gala Invite had surprised many as Chinese rock star sided with Tiananmen protesters in 1989 Annual show is one of world 's most watched television programs Marathon broadcast has been losing appeal among audiences in recent years .
CNN  -- The Academy Awards continued its upward climb in the ratings on Sunday , reaching a 10-year high with an average audience of 43 million viewers in the United States . The awards telecast , typically the year 's No. 2 television event behind the Super Bowl , has grown its total audience for each of the past three years , despite perennial complaints about its length  this year the show clocked in at 212 minutes  . Last year , the Oscars averaged 40.4 million viewers . Award shows in general have been enjoying a ratings resurgence , partly because of the popularity of so-called "  social TV , " the tendency for viewers to chat along with live TV on Facebook and Twitter . The Golden Globes scored its biggest audience in a decade in January , and the Grammys set what was essentially a modern-day ratings record in February . The producers of Sunday 's Oscars telecast and the host , Ellen DeGeneres , stoked the "  social TV " phenomenon with a much-tweeted celebrity selfie . Twitter said it registered upwards of 14.7 million messages about the telecast on Sunday night . ABC said the 43 million viewer total for the Oscars was the awards show 's best since 2004 , when "  The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King " won best picture . In a key advertising demographic for the network , adults 18 to 49 , the show had a 12.9 rating , down one-tenth of a point from last year . The network also said that its special after-the-Oscars edition of "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " grew its audience for the third year in a row , just like the awards telecast . The talk show averaged 6.99 million viewers .	The 86th Academy Awards reached a 10-year ratings high Award shows have enjoyed a ratings resurgence thanks to social TV Ellen DeGeneres ' celebrity selfie set a Twitter record
CNN  -- A massive explosion at a fertilizer plant in the small Texas town of West left at least two people dead , sent dozens more seeking medical attention and prompted a widescale evacuation in the community of 2,600 people . Fire officials fear that the number of casualties could rise much higher . The blast took place at the West Fertilizer Plant , about 18 miles north of Waco . It sent a massive fireball into the sky And the danger may not be over . Residents are being evacuated because officials are worried that another tank at the facility might explode . State troopers in gas masks were scene rushing to the area shortly after the blast , Shortly after the explosion , more than 60 patients streamed into Hillcrest Hospital in Waco , suffering from "  blast injuries , orthopedic injuries  and  a lot of lacerations , " said hospital CEO Glenn Robinson . While some of the injuries are minor , others are "  quite serious , " he said . At least six helicopters are going to fly out those who are injured , Robinson said . Others are being transported by ambulance , and some are getting to the hospital by car , he added . Two other hospitals in the region were also assisting . As many scrambled to assist the injured , another danger seemed to emerge Wednesday night . "  What we are hearing is that there is one fertilizer tank that is still intact at the plant , and there are evacuations in place to make sure everyone gets away from the area safely in case of another explosion , " said Ben Stratmann , a spokesman for Texas State Sen. Brian Birdwell . Photos of the explosion -- which reportedly happened around 7:50 p.m.  8:50 p.m. ET  -- showed a huge blaze and flames leaping over the roof of a structure and a plume of smoke rising high into the air . The West Fertilizer Plant is just north of Waco . A school and a nursing home are among the buildings near the plant , CNN affiliate KWTX reported . Texas Gov. Rick Perry said he is aware of the explosion , a spokesman said , and was working to get resources into the area . Tommy Alford , who works in a convenience store about three miles from the plant , told CNN that several volunteer firefighters were at the store when they spotted smoke . Alford said the firefighters headed toward the scene and then between five and 10 minutes later , he heard a massive explosion . "  It was massive ; it was intense , " Alford said . Chrystal Anthony , a nearby resident , said she saw the flames engulf a nursing home and an apartment complex . "  It was an apartment complex that was devastated , the nursing home . The fire was close to a residential area , " Anthony said . "  It was like a bomb went off , " said Barry Murry , a resident who lives about a mile away from the plant . "  There were emergency vehicles everywhere . It has been overwhelming . " West , Texas , is a community of about 2,800 people , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Sitting about 75 miles south of Dallas and 120 miles north of Austin , West is one of 22 incorporated communities in McLennan County . Some firefighters at the scene of a fertilizer plant explosion in Texas were concerned Wednesday night about anhydrous ammonia . What is anhydrous ammonia ? According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , anhydrous ammonia is a pungent gas with suffocating fumes that is used as a fertilizer . When exposed to humans , it can cause serious problems . CNN 's Chandler Friedman , Carma Hassan , Ed Payne , Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Hospital is told to anticipate 100 injured , official says The explosion occurs at a fertilizer plant some 18 miles north of Waco , KWTX reports A man says he saw smoke then , a few minutes later , heard a massive explosion
CNN  -- Five Russian Sukhoi fighter jets have arrived in Iraq , the first of 25 warplanes expected to be delivered under a contract between Moscow and Baghdad , the Iraqi Ministry of Defense said in a statement . A video the ministry released Monday showed the jets , with wings unattached , being pulled toward hangars . "  These jet fighters will contribute to increase the combat capability of the air force and the rest of the armed forces in eliminating terrorism , " the ministry said . The Su-25 has been in service for more than three decades and was part of the Iraqi air force under Saddam Hussein 's regime . The announcement follows a comment by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki that recent militant advances might have been avoided if Iraq had proper air power , in the form of fighter jets that Iraq has been trying to get from the United States . "  I 'll be frank and say that we were deluded when we signed the contract " with the United States , al-Maliki told the BBC in the interview last week , which was released Friday . Iraq has now turned to Russia and Belarus to buy fighter jets , he said . "  God willing , within one week , this force will be effective and will destroy the terrorists ' dens , " he said . U.S. officials were quick to reject al-Maliki 's complaints . U.S. fighter jets have not been slow in coming , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said . The first two promised F-16s "  were n't expected to be delivered until the fall , which is still months away , " Kirby said . "  And we were in the process of working towards that delivery . " The advance of an al Qaeda splinter group "  could n't have been stemmed through the use of two particular fighter planes , " he said . Al-Maliki 's statements about the need for air support came as American and Arab diplomats told CNN that the United States is unlikely to undertake any military strikes against the militant group , the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , and its allied fighters before a new government is formed in Iraq .	5 Russian fighter jets arrive in Iraq ; 20 more expected Al-Maliki criticizes U.S. for not sending fighters to Iraq Pentagon says F-16s will arrive in the fall
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- A visit to North Korea and China planned by Iran 's parliament speaker was postponed Saturday , the semi-official Mehr news agency reported . Ali Larijani 's trips were intended to promote parliamentary cooperation . "  The time for Larijani 's visit has changed and we will announce the new time when it is determined , " said Hijatoleslam Hossein Sobhaninya , a member of the presiding board of parliament , according to Mehr . In May , a report compiled by a U.N. panel of experts looking into Security Council violations by North Korea found the country continues to trade banned weapons technology with several nations , including Iran .	Iran 's speaker was due to visit North Korea to promote parliamentary cooperation Iranian authorities say Ali Larijani 's trip to China and North Korea will be rescheduled
CNN  Talks between the United States and Iran on the Tehran 's nuclear program will resume in Geneva on Friday , Iran 's Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi said . A final outcome to what has been monthslong series of negotiations is expected to have a lasting effect on Iran 's relations with the West . Speaking to Iran 's IRNA news agency , Araqchi said the talks will be at the deputy ministerial level , followed by a meeting of the two countries ' foreign ministers . Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zari and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry are scheduled to join the talks in Geneva on Sunday and Monday , Araqchi said . There was no immediate confirmation from the U.S. side . "  At the end of the four days of bilateral talks between Iranian and US nuclear delegations , discussions will possibly continue with participation of all members of the Group 5 +1 , " Araqchi said . Better known as the P5 +1 , that group consists of the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council : United States , Russia , China , United Kingdom and France . The plus one is Germany . A comprehensive agreement could bring about an end to significant sanctions against Tehran and a warming of relations with the West . The absence of a deal would most likely ramp up tensions and could lead to more punitive measures -- and even confrontation -- over Iran 's controversial nuclear program . Iran insists that like other countries , it has a right to develop nuclear power for peaceful purposes . But Western powers have accused it of trying to develop not just nuclear energy but nuclear weapons as well .	Kerry and the Iranian PM will meet Sunday , Araqchi says There was no immediate confirmation from the U.S. side
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi forces detained the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network believed to be funded by Saddam Hussein 's eldest daughter , who is wanted by Iraqi authorities on terrorism charges , the U.S. military announced Monday . Raghad Hussein is currently living in Jordan under the protection of the royal family . The raid happened Sunday in Hussein 's hometown of Tikrit . It was carried out by Iraqi forces , advised by U.S. Special Forces , the military said . The network , believed to be funded by Raghad Hussein , has been "  linked to a series of attacks on coalition forces " using rocket-propelled grenades and roadside bombs , the military said . "  These attacks have claimed the lives of numerous Soldiers and Airmen , " a military statement said . Other leaders of the network have been detained in previous raids , the military said . The international police organization Interpol last year issued an alert to authorities across the world that Raghad Hussein is wanted by Iraqi authorities . The Iraqi government has issued an arrest warrant for the 38-year-old daughter of the late Iraqi leader on charges of inciting terrorism and crimes against life and health . Interpol -- based in Lyon , France -- issued a Red Notice in the case . That is a request to police anywhere to help track her down and extradite her to Iraq . She has been living in Jordan under the protection of the royal family . E-mail to a friend	Iraqi forces detain the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network Cell is believed to be funded by Saddam Hussein 's eldest daughter , Raghad Raghad , wanted in Iraq on terrorism charges , currently living in Jordan
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  At least 10 people , including four Somali soldiers , were killed in an attack by Al-Shabaab forces on an army checkpoint near Baidoa , and two other people were killed Friday in bomb attacks in the country , officials said . Col. Mahad Abdirahman , the police chief of Bay province , told CNN that heavily armed Al-Shabaab militants in fighting vehicles attacked Isku-Darka military checkpoint Friday morning , sparking an hourlong , close-quarters gun battle in which six militants were killed , along with the four government soldiers . "  Somali government troops managed to resist and push back the militants from the area , " Abdirahman said . Friday afternoon , a roadside bomb targeted a bus carrying Kenyan teachers in Galkayo , killing a bodyguard and wounding 10 other people , six of them Kenyans , according to Ahmed Muse , a deputy governor who spoke to CNN by telephone . Muse blamed the attack on Al-Shabaab , a Somalia-based , al Qaeda-linked group whose goal is to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state . The Kenyans are high school teachers in the city , in central Somalia 750 kilometers  470 miles  northeast of the capital city , Mogadishu . Golkayo is under the control of Somalia 's semi-autonomous Puntland state . The wounded were taken to a nearby hospital for treatment . In Mogadishu , a travel agency officer was killed when a bomb hidden under his car 's seat exploded Friday , according to Capt. Mohamed Dahir , a Somali police officer . No group has claimed responsibility for the two bomb attacks .	Attack on checkpoint occurred near Baidoa ; police chief says militants were Al-Shabaab Government troops managed to repel militants , police chief says Two bomb attacks claimed two lives elsewhere in Somalia on Friday Six people injured in bomb attack in Galkayo are Kenyan high school teachers
CNN  -- The Upper Midwest is about to get three days of September -- in July . An unseasonal invasion of cool Canadian air could put lows in the 40s -- about 10 to 15 degrees below normal -- in parts of North Dakota , Minnesota , Wisconsin and Michigan into Wednesday . Chicago , too , will be wondering what month it is , with lows in the 50s and highs Tuesday and Wednesday in the low 70s . The reason : Last week 's Typhoon Neoguri created some ripples in the jet stream , causing it to dip farther south than it normally does this time of year . "  It 's not weird to get a dip in the jet stream , but it is weird to get it in July , dipping this far south , " CNN meteorologist Jennifer Gray said . "  So we are getting those cooler than normal temperatures across the Great Lakes region . " Some examples :  $ cents Duluth , Minnesota , will see lows in the upper 40s Tuesday and Wednesday , with highs in the upper 60s and low 70s . Monday 's expected high , 59 , is well below the July normal of 75 .  $ cents Marquette , Michigan , also will see lows in the upper 40s Tuesday and Wednesday , with highs in the low 60s Monday and Tuesday . The average high for this time of year is 77 .  $ cents Grand Forks , North Dakota , will see lows in the upper 40s or lower 50s Tuesday and Wednesday . Monday 's high will be around 67 -- a departure from the July normal in the low 80s . Meanwhile , the East will be getting drenched . Three inches of rain are possible in the Mid-Atlantic and the Northeast from Monday to Wednesday . Storms on Monday could be severe in parts of the country , including much of the East Coast from Virginia to the north , as well as Tennessee , Kentucky , Indiana , Ohio and West Virginia . Damaging wind and heavy rain are possible . By Tuesday , the strongest storms should be confined to the Mid-Atlantic , and they 'll be mostly along the coast Wednesday . CNN "  s Sherri Pugh contributed to this report .	Lows in the 40s are expected in parts of the Upper Midwest early this week A dip in the jet stream is allowing cool air to go farther south than usual Three inches of rain are possible along parts of the East Coast through Wednesday
CNN  Was it politics or something else ? No one is sure , but the headstone of Hillary Clinton 's father , Hugh Rodham , was found tipped over this week , just a couple of days after she announced her run for the White House . "  It was just laying down just right like that , boom , " Paul McGloin told CNN affiliate WNEP . "  I pass here five , six times a day because I live two blocks from here and when I looked I could n't believe it , to see that it was tipped over . " McGloin said he 's tended to the grave site at the Washburn Street Cemetery in Scranton , Pennsylvania , since Rodham was buried there in 1993 . Police are investigating , but no other headstones were knocked over . Police Chief Carl Graziano told The Scranton Times-Tribune that he suspects vandalism . "  I 'm not sure how else it would have fallen over , " he said . Still , police will look into the possibility that it was weather-related . Funeral director Neil Regan also said vandalism is the most-likely cause , not the weather . "  The more I thought about it , there were no serious winds or weather events , " he said . "  Paul McGloin told me he had driven by here 8 o'clock  Monday  morning and the stone was in place . " McGloin believes it 's no coincidence that it happened within days of Clinton announcing her second presidential bid . "  And all of a sudden the headstone is tipped over , two days later , " he said . "  As long as I ` ve been coming here , the headstone has been pretty secure around the base of it . " CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report	Hugh Rodham 's tombstone is found tipped over in Scranton , Pennsylvania It was reported two days after Hillary Clinton announced her presidential bid
CNN  -- Japan 's government has lifted restrictions on vegetables and milk from some parts of the country 's north after inspections found radiation levels below legal limits for three straight weeks , a top government official announced Friday . The move lifts a ban on spinach and kakina , another leafy green vegetable , from Gunma Prefecture , southwest of the quake-damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . Milk from the Aizu area of Fukushima Prefecture , inland from the plant , will also be allowed for sale , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters . "  The level of radiation has stayed low for last three samplings , " said Edano , the government 's point man for the nuclear crisis . The government has slapped bans on a variety of farm products products grown or produced around the plant , which has spewed radioactive particles into the sky and water since the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that knocked out its coolant systems . Workers are still battling to keep three damaged reactors at the plant from overheating four weeks later . Radiation levels have been trending downward in the area around the plant since mid-March , according to data released by government ministries . And farmers have been pushing Japanese authorities to lower standards on radiation in food , calling them excessively stringent and not necessary to protect consumers . Edano said Monday that the government 's legal standards would not be changed , but food would be allowed for sale if it passed three weekly tests .	A ban on spinach and kakina from Gunma Prefecture has been lifted Milk from parts of Fukushima Prefecture can be sold as well
London  CNN  -- British police arrested a man and a woman at London 's Heathrow Airport as part of an probe into people traveling to Syria participate in alleged terror activities . The suspects , both 26 , were arrested Tuesday night after arriving on a flight from Egypt , London 's Metropolitan Police said in a statement . Read more : Spain ` al Qaeda cell ' may have planned strike to coincide with Olympics The statement did not say whether the suspects were headed to Syria or had returned from there . Authorities did not release their names . The pair were taken to a central London police station and authorities began searches of two homes in east London as part of the investigation , police said . The UK Foreign Office did not want to comment directly on the arrests but said the "  deteriorating security situation  in Syria  leaves dangerous space for foreign fighters . " "  We are concerned about reports of extremist groups operating in Syria and we take very seriously any claims that British nationals are among foreign fighters there , " the Foreign Office statement added . The two people arrested at Heathrow are both British nationals , according to police sources . One line of inquiry being followed by investigators , the police sources said , is whether the two suspects were involved in an incident in July in which Sunday Times photographer John Cantlie said he was held at gunpoint by rebels in Syria . Some of those who detained him spoke with an English accent , Cantlie said . The photographer declined to comment on the arrests or the incident in Syria when contacted by CNN Wednesday . CNN 's Andrew Carey and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	NEW : The two suspects are British nationals , police sources say The man and woman , both 26 , were arrested after arriving on a flight Officers are also searching two homes in east London UK Foreign Office says it takes any claims of Britons fighting in Syria very seriously
Editor 's note : This story is part of the iReport Weekend Assignment project , in which the CNN iReport community takes on a special skills challenge once a week . Last weekend 's challenge was to create a time-lapse video that told a local story . This weekend , we 're making mini cooking demonstrations . Head to CNN iReport to join the fun and learn a little something while you 're at it . Time was , if you wanted to make a time-lapse film , first you had to build a machine . In the late 1920s , John Ott was an American high school student with a passion for photography and a lot of time on his hands . He wanted to capture apple blossoms unfolding over time on film , and he knew he needed to take frequent pictures around the clock , even while he was sleeping or away at school . So he wired together a kitchen timer , a camera , a paper clip and a pull cord , and voil : Photos taken at regular intervals over time and sped back up revealed the beauty of the blooming flowers to the naked eye . Ott went on to become a pioneer of time-lapse photography , filming incremental changes in flowers and insects , and helping to pave the way for scientific research that still today gains insights from slowed-down views of biology and the physical environment . Time-lapse is a photographic technique that captures images much more slowly than normal video but plays them back at standard speed , which condenses long periods of time into a relatively short video . It 's like "  slow motion , seen from the perspective of eternity , " says Richard Misek , a film professor at Bristol University in England who is writing a history of time-lapse .  See Misek 's iReport time-lapse of a busy Melbourne lunch . When John Ott wanted to experiment with time-lapse , he had to build a contraption , but today 's inexpensive digital tools make it easy for almost anyone to give it a try and share their results with the rest of the world . All you need is a camera on a tripod , an idea and a healthy dose of patience . And a folding chair , recommends Raphael Rodolfi , an iReporter who took part in a time-lapse challenge on CNN iReport last weekend . Someone has to sit with the camera while it 's filming an extraordinary sunset or clouds moving slowly across a sky . See iReporters ' tips for trying time-lapse Dozens of people shared their first time-lapse attempts on CNN iReport last weekend . Jim Dourney , who shot a day in the life of a busy Florida inlet , said he found time-lapse "  surprisingly easy to do . " Simple instructions for using the movie-making software that comes standard on may computers are just a Google search away . Maarten Toner runs a group dedicated to time-lapses on Vimeo , a video sharing site popular among filmmakers and creative photographers . It 's a wildly active group , where inventive new time-lapse videos from across the world pop up every few hours . When people first pick up a digital camera and want to try video , "  slow motion is the first thing you do , " Toner says . "  Time-lapse is the second . " What 's the draw ? It 's simple to make magic . "  I think people are really surprised by the effect , and then it becomes an addiction . " Another attraction , says artist Keith Loutit , is that in some ways , time-lapse brings back some of the wonder of analog photography . "  When people turn a camera on and it 's firing away , there 's a real wonder about what 's going to happen . People are so used to looking at the back of the camera now . " But with time-lapse , you do n't see the result until you get back home . Loutit is a photographer whose work uses time-lapse and tilt-shift techniques to turn the real world into what looks like meticulous animation . His "  Bathtub IV , " a piece shot over three months in Sydney , Australia , tells the story of a helicopter rescue at a busy beach . He was looking to cast a place he knows well in a different light . When iReport asked its community to try time-lapse as part of a weekend assignment series , several participants remarked that it had made them think about the places they live and see every day in a new way . See all the iReport time-lapse videos "  Waiting in the cold with my camera made me sensitive to subtle changes in the scene I might normally have missed , " iReporter Hannah Slagle Palmer said .  Watch Palmer 's video of gnat-sized airplanes hopping over the Atlanta , Georgia , skyline . That 's what it comes down to : "  The power of time-lapse , " Misek said , is that it "  shows you time frames that you ca n't normally perceive . When it 's at its best , it shows you the world from another perspective . "	Digital cameras and video sharing sites give new life to an old technique Time-lapse offers new perspective on places we see every day iReport challenges its community to try a new skill each weekend Next up : Teach a cooking class
Ideally , Casey St. Clair would be spending Thanksgiving relaxing and eating dinner with her boyfriend and his family . Instead , the part-time Target employee and substitute teacher will work next Thursday night during the early kickoff of the big-box retailer 's Black Friday sale . Stores will open at 9 p.m. on Thanksgiving this year , reflecting a wider shift in the retail industry toward getting a head start on the biggest shopping day of the year . Wal-Mart workers plan Black Friday walkout As it stands now , Toys R Us , Wal-Mart , Sears and KMart will be the first large retail chains to open their doors for bargain hunters at 8 p.m. . Many other chains are open Thanksgiving Day , but their Black Friday sales do n't start until midnight or Friday morning . St. Clair , who lives in Corona , California , is scheduled to work Wednesday from 7 p.m. to 3 a.m. She 'll return Thanksgiving Day before 9 p.m. and work until 5:15 on Friday morning . She has to sleep at some point , so traveling 45 minutes each way for Thanksgiving dinner is out . "  It should n't have to be a rushed affair , slipping in to eat some turkey and taking a piece of pie for the road , " said St. Clair , who plans to have dinner at home with her boyfriend before going to work . What 's your Black Friday strategy ? She likes working for Target , which is why she has stayed with the company for six years , even after relocating from the East Coast in 2011 , she said . She is also grateful to have a job that pays time and a half plus bonus pay for overnight hours , even if it means she ca n't fly home to her own family for the holidays . But after watching Black Friday sales start earlier each year , she decided the company had gone too far this time and started a Change.org petition asking Target CEO Gregg W. Steinhafel to forgo the plan to open stores on Thanksgiving . "  It 's one of few days retail employees get to spend with their families , but at this point there 's no time to see family , " St. Clair said in a phone interview . "  My main issue is not with people wanting to shop ; they can do that still , though I think that they can hold off until Friday without the world crashing down , " she said . "  My issue is that Target and other retailers have done something they have never done before in opening on Thanksgiving . My anger is aimed at the loss of a day that , up until now , was considered important enough for only the most essential services to be open . " Why it sucks to work Black Friday She 's not the only one who thinks the "  Black Friday creep " hurts employees and their families , with some taking action . A group of Wal-Mart workers are planning to strike at about 1,000 stores on Black Friday . More than 40 petitions have been launched on Change.org asking retailers including Sears , Target , Walmart and Kohl 's to "  give Thanksgiving back to families . " Many of them popped up after St. Clair 's appeared Friday , earning more than 200,000 signatures as of Wednesday . When it started earning traction , Change.org promoted the petition among users , but even before then it had taken on a life of its own , site spokeswoman Charlotte Hill said . "  Employees and customers alike are saying , ` Thanksgiving should be about celebrating with family , not shopping for the latest deals , ' " Hill said . Comments on the petitions echo that sentiment , with some threatening to boycott stores that they say put revenue before employees . "  I 'm a conscious consumer ; I think of good reasons to shop where I do , and consider why and why not to give any store my money . Seeing this happen year after year to the employees of Target irks me , and makes me want to ... take my money elsewhere , " one user said . Other comments in petitions against Target and other retailers focused on the importance of letting employees spend time with family . "  After 33 years in retail , I still love everything about the holidays ... except telling some poor employee she has to forgo her family holiday because she has to work ! We really have to put a limit on the madness ! " said a person who signed a petition titled , "  Retailers : Stop Black Thursday . " "  Families should come before retail sales ! Give these people the day off that they deserve , " said another person who signed the petition "  Wal-Mart : Move Black Friday Start Back to Friday . " Relatives of retail employees are also speaking out . The sister of a Target employee in Illinois started a petition on behalf of her family , claiming that for them , Thanksgiving will "  not be complete " without him . "  Family has always been important to me and Thanksgiving is all about family , " Jennifer Ann said in her petition , "  Target : Do n't take away Thanksgiving . " She asked to withhold her last name in deference to her brother , who asked to conceal his identity . Last year , it was hard for her 24-year-old brother , who has worked for Target since high school , to relax knowing he had to be at work , she said in an interview with sister network HLN . He rushed through dinner and had to leave for his shift just as everyone was starting to unwind . This year , he 's going to miss dinner altogether , she said . "  It 's just unfortunate that he has to be at work when we 're celebrating , " she said . "  I get that you sign up for things like this .  But  you do n't typically have to work on Thanksgiving when you work in retail , and this is something that 's kind of gradually happened . " Target and other big-box retailers say they 're responding to consumer demands as best they can -- with employees in mind . "  Target 's opening time was carefully evaluated with our guests , team and the business in mind . Across the country , team member preferences were considered in creating our store staffing schedules , " said spokeswoman Molly Snyder . "  Thanksgiving weekend is one of the busiest of the year , and we appreciate our Target team 's flexibility on this weekend and throughout the holiday season . " All hourly employees who work on a national holiday , including Thanksgiving , receive pay equal to time and a half their hourly pay rate , she said . Additionally , team members who work certain hours on Thanksgiving and Friday will receive shift differential pay and holiday premium pay . Walmart also was named in several petitions , though most of its stores are open 24 hours and 365 days a year , including Thanksgiving . Last year , customer traffic was highest during the 10 p.m. hour on Thanksgiving , a spokesman said "  We appreciate our associates for everything they do to serve our customers during this busy shopping season and every day throughout the year , " spokesman Steve Restivo said in an e-mail . "  According to the National Retail Federation , Thanksgiving night shopping has surged over the past three years . Most of our stores are open 24 hours and , historically , much of our Black Friday preparations have been done on Thanksgiving , which is not unusual in the retail industry . " Ultimately , the power is in the hands of consumers to drive down the demand for extended shopping hours , retail and employment experts agreed . Labor Day and Memorial Day used to be days of rest , too , said Rich Milgram , CEO of career network Beyond.com , which connects employers and job seekers . But now , sales on those days are the norm , showing that over time , society grows accustomed to changes and demands of the free market . "  This says less about the retailer and more about society as a whole . Target , Sears , Kmart and others are all doing what they need to do maximize sales and profits , " he said . Just as consumers are driving the demand , employees are choosing to work in the field , leaving companies with little choice but to take advantage of every opportunity in the marketplace , said Bill Peppler with staffing firm Kavaliro . "  In today 's economy where jobs are scarce and unemployment is high , people are willing to do more now than they were willing to do two to three years ago . This is especially true in retail . Black Friday alone last year led to almost $ 12 billion in sales , so you can understand the employers stance on this issue , " he said . Does this mean that Christmas and New Years shopping is next ? Probably not , said Brooks Holtom , associate professor of management at Georgetown University 's McDonough School of Business . "  I would suggest they are much less at risk because most of the shopping we see at Thanksgiving is in anticipation of Christmas . The incentive for retailers to open on Christmas and New Year 's is much lower . " St. Clair knows it 's too late to realistically expect Target to change its tune this year . But she is hopeful that her petition and others like it will make Target 's leadership reconsider opening early for Thanksgiving next year . "  Going forward I hope it forces Target and other companies to take another look when they realize how many people out there care about this issue , " she said . Until then , St. Clair plans to be in the electronics section Thanksgiving night through the morning hours of Black Friday . "  I do value my job and that 's my schedule , " she said . "  I will definitely honor that , as much as I do n't agree with it . " Are you a retail employee who has to start work on Thanksgiving for Black Friday ? Sound off in the comments section below . Like CNN Living on Facebook	Part-time Target employee says she has to forgo Thanksgiving with family because of 9 p.m. opening More than 40 petitions on Change.org ask retailers to "  give Thanksgiving back to employees " Retail experts say power is in the hands of consumers to control demand for extended shopping hours Target says employees get overtime , holiday pay for working certain hours on Thanksgiving , Black Friday
CNN  -- Nico Hulkenberg will drive for Sauber next season as a replacement for the departing Sergio Perez , the Formula One team announced Wednesday . Mexico 's Perez has already signed a deal with McLaren following 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton 's decision to join Mercedes . The recruitment of Hulkenberg from Force India marks the first significant piece of business done by the Swiss marque since Monisha Kaltenborn was appointed as F1 's first female team principal earlier this month . Hulkenberg is 12th in this season 's drivers ' standings with 49 points from 17 races ahead of this weekend 's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . Vettel rejects Ferrari speculation "  I 'm really looking forward to working with the Sauber F1 Team , " said the 25-year-old , who made his debut on the grid with Williams in 2010 . "  It 's a well-placed team and very competitive . Plus it 's a team in which young drivers have repeatedly delivered exceptional performances . I would like to take up that baton . " Despite his promising rookie season , which was capped by a surprise pole position at the Brazilian Grand Prix , Hulkenberg lost his seat at Williams and spent 2011 as a test driver with Force India . Kaltenborn admitted his performance at Interlagos had been a factor in signing the German , who had interested the team for a number of years . Dominant Vettel secures fourth straight victory "  We 've been observing Nico for some time now and his performances have been very persuasive , " she said . "  That was the case in GP2 and has continued into Formula One . "  An obvious highlight was how he scored pole at Interlagos in 2010 despite the most challenging external conditions . He clearly showed that he can seize the chance if it arises . "  But high spots like that are one thing ; systematic teamwork is another -- and on that score I have confidence in Nico too . I 'm sure he will fit in very well with the Sauber F1 Team . We look forward to working together with him . " Sauber has enjoyed a solid 2012 campaign , sitting sixth in the constructors ' standings one place above Force India with three races to go . Hulkenberg 's teammate next year has yet to be decided , with Sauber expected to release Japanese driver Kamui Kobayashi , while Force India have yet to announce who will line up alongside Paul di Resta . Force India team principal Vijay Mallya expressed his gratitude for the work Hulkenberg has done at the UK-based marque . "  It has been a pleasure to have Nico with us for the last couple of years , " he said . "  At the end of 2010 we identified him as a star of the future and it has been rewarding to watch him develop his racing skills . "  Together with Paul he has done a brilliant job for us , helping the team score more points than ever before and giving 100 % commitment every weekend . "	Nico Hulkenberg agrees to join Sauber for 2013 Formula One season The German will replace Sergio Perez , who is joining McLaren McLaren will lose 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton to Mercedes next year Force India and Sauber yet to finalize their line-ups for next season
Dubai , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A United Parcel Service cargo plane crashed in an unpopulated area near the Dubai airport , killing the two crew members on board , UPS officials said Friday . The 747-400 , a UPS-operated cargo plane , crashed with two pilots about 8 p.m. as it took off for Cologne , Germany , UPS officials reported Friday . "  Safety is a key priority for UPS , " the company 's airline and international operations manager , Bob Lekites , said in a statement . "  Our thoughts go out to the crewmembers involved in the incident and their families , " he said . Lekites said he would release more information as it became available , but only in cooperation with government authorities . "  We will not speculate about the cause . Until then , we ask for your patience in this difficult time , " he said . The UAE General Civil Aviation Authority said the plane crashed in an area between Emirates Road and Al Ain highway , catching fire , WAM reported . The agency issued a statement saying the bodies of the two pilots were recovered , according to WAM . The National Transportation Safety Board said Friday it will send an investigator to assist local officials as they search for clues on what caused the crash , board officials said Friday . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Cheryl Robinson contributed to this report .	NEW : UPS confirms two crew members were killed in the crash NEW : The NTSB says it will send an investigator to aid UAE authorities The aircraft was part of United Parcel Service 's cargo fleet
CNN  -- An explosion early Thursday rocked a neighborhood in the city of Yangon killing 20 people and injuring more than 95 , Myanmar 's state-run television MR TV reported . The blast occurred in Mingalar Taung Nyunt , a mainly residential area about a 15 minute-drive from central Yangon , the country 's former capital . It struck a compound of warehouses that the government rents out to private businesses . "  I ca n't tell what is the exact cause of the incident but it is unlikely from man-made bombs , " said a police official , who declined to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media . The authorities are investigating the explosion , he said . A fire official said the series of explosions may have come from large quantities of sulfur , ammonia and sulfur trioxide , which becomes sulfurous acid when mixed with water , stored at the compound . Win Tun , who lives near the warehouses , said she heard a "  very big , loud noise of explosion , " which prompted startled residents to try to flee . "  Some people ran in the wrong way . I did n't know where to run to , " she said , adding that the initial blast was followed by a string of other explosions . The dead include four firefighters , MR TV reported . The strength of the explosion shattered the windows of nearby houses .	NEW : Official says sulfur , ammonia and sulfur trioxide may have caused the explosions The cause of the blast is unlikely to have been a bomb , a police official says A witness reports hearing a ` very big , loud noise of explosion ' before fleeing The explosion occurs in a residential neighborhood of Yangon
CNN  -- A dramatic fightback from Ryan Lochte secured a thrilling victory over Olympic champion Michael Phelps in the men 's 200m freestyle at the World Championships in Shanghai . Lochte trailed fellow American Phelps at the halfway stage but battled back to win in a time of one minute , 44.44 seconds compared to his rival 's 1:44.79 . Defending champion Paul Biedermann , from Germany , claimed the bronze medal in a strong field . It was Lochte 's eighth gold at the World Championships but his first at the 200m distance , and handed him a major boost with only a year to go until the 2012 Olympics in London . "  Michael and I have been battling head to head for about eight years , " Lochte told FINA 's official web site after his victory . "  We definitely build a good rivalry ; he 's a great competitor and I am just privileged to swim on the same team , even in the same event as him . "  Today , at this level we 're at , we both want to win , we do n't like to lose and no matter what the outcome is , we 're still going to be friends and we 're definitely going to be pushing each other for 2012 . " Phelps emphasized the quality of the competition and said he is starting to recapture the form that has seen him bag 16 Olympic gold medals to date . "  That was probably one of the best 200 freestyle fields and that was a close field ; five guys in the 1.45 , that 's pretty good , " he told FINA 's web site . "  I would have wanted to win but this is something that is going to help me a lot for the next year . " He also said a lack of training has contributed to a dip in his performances . "  The reason why I have n't been able to swim as fast as I wanted to in the last couple of years , it 's all my fault . "  If I would have trained like I was supposed to for as long as I am supposed to , on a consistent level , I would be swimming where I want to swim . But now , I am sort of coming back to my old self . " There was an even closer finish in the men 's 100m backstroke , when French pair Camille Lacourt and Jeremy Stravius shared the gold medal after both recorded a time of 52.76 . It is the first time ever two swimmers from the same country have tied in a dead heat for first place . It was also France 's first ever male title in the championships . Elsewhere , China 's Zhao Jing won a gripping women 's 100m backstroke final , beating Russia 's Anastasia Zueva by just one one-hundredth of a second . American Natalie Coughlin took the bronze medal . Rebecca Soni , from the United States , successfully defended her women 's 100m breaststroke title , beating Australian Olympic champion Leisel Jones and China 's Ji Liping who took silver and bronze . A dominant performance from Denmark 's Lotte Friis secured the women 's 1,500 freestyle final . American Kate Ziegler took silver and China 's Xuanxu Li the bronze .	Ryan Lochte beats Michael Phelps to claim men 's 200m freestyle title American Lochte beats Olympic champion Phelps by three hundredths of a second French pair Camille Lacourt and Jeremy Stravius share the men 's 100m backstroke gold China 's Zhao Jing wins the women 's 100m backstroke final
Houston  CNN  -- Back in 1982 , Chelsea McClellan -- just 15 months old -- needed immunizations . It was routine stuff , so Chelsea 's mother took her to a local clinic in Kerrville , Texas . What happened there was anything but routine . That 's because Genene Jones was the nurse on duty . Chelsea 's mother recalled the day . "  She gave her her first shot in her left thigh and she immediately started gasping for air , " said Petti McClellan-Wiese . "  Gave her another one , and she immediately just went limp and quit breathing . " In the chaos of rushing Chelsea from the clinic to the hospital , Jones somehow slipped into the ambulance and gave the little girl a third shot . McClellan-Wiese would learn later that the nurse had injected her daughter with a drug called Succinylcholine , which causes muscle relaxation and short term paralysis . It stopped Chelsea 's heart . Jones was convicted of infanticide and sentenced to 99 years in prison for killing Chelsea , plus 60 years for injuring another child . She maintains that she did nothing wrong . For Chelsea 's parents , the verdict was bitter sweet . Their daughter was gone but her killer would spend the rest of her life behind bars . At least that 's what they thought . But it turns out , Jones is set to walk free in a matter of a few years . She is scheduled to be released from prison as early as May 2018 because of an old Texas law designed to prevent prison overcrowding . The Mandatory Release law allows inmates convicted of violent crimes between 1977 and 1987 to be automatically released if their "  good behavior " credit plus their time served equals their sentence . The law was changed in 1987 to exclude violent criminals , but it is n't retroactive . So now McClellan-Wiese and Andy Kahan , a victim 's advocate for the city of Houston , are desperately trying to find other mothers whose babies may also have been killed by Jones . A new conviction could keep her locked up . Kahan says that two mothers have already reached out to him , including Marina Rodriguez . Rodriguez lost her son in 1981 after , she says , Jones gave him a shot at a San Antonio clinic . At just 5 months old , he had a heart attack and died . "  All of a sudden he turned blue , and all of a sudden , I started hearing code blue . And then of course they put me to the side because I 'm a young mommy and I 'm freaking out , " she said . Back then , Rodriguez was 15 years old . She could n't read and was too young to afford a lawyer . Her parents were migrant farmers . When asked how she would feel if Jones were to walk free , she said she could n't contemplate the possibility . "  She 's not getting out ! She 's not going to get out ! If my son has to be exhumed to prove that she murdered him , then that 's the step we 'll take . They 're not dealing with a little girl anymore , this is a woman now , " Rodriguez said . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Genene Jones , a nurse , was sentenced to 99 years in prison for killing a 15-month-old She maintains she did nothing wrong Jones could be released early because of an old law designed to prevent overcrowding
CNN  -- U.S. diplomats met with the Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Thursday in another sign of thawing relations between Washington and the Southeast Asian nation . Derek Mitchell , the U.S. special envoy to Myanmar , and Luis CdeBaca , the U.S. ambassador-at-large for human trafficking , held talks with Suu Kyi at her residence . The U.S. delegation arrived in the country Monday and has meet with top government officials . The meetings also coincides with an announcement by government officials that Myanmar has begun peace talks with a major rebel group , signing a cease fire with the Karen National Liberation Army . Myanmar signs ceasefire deal Myanmar has been ruled by a military junta since 1962 , and the generals have started to loosen their grip on the country after coming under criticism for their human rights record in recent years . Thein Sein , a former military official and prime minister , became president last year as a result of an election criticized by democracy activists as a sham . Myanmar authorities released Suu Kyi in 2010 after years of house arrest and then freed dozens of political prisoners in October 2011 . Last week , she met with William Hague , the first British foreign secretary to visit Myanmar in more than 50 years . Burma was a part of British India from 1886 until gaining its independence in 1948 . Since 1989 , the ruling military has said the nation should be called Myanmar , but some Western nations still refer to it as Burma . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	The U.S. special envoy and ambassador for human trafficking meet with Suu Kyi The delegation arrived in Myanmar on Monday It has met with top government officials
CNN  -- North Korea defended Thursday its right to explore outer space after reports that a rocket , believed by the United States to be a long-range missile , had been positioned on its launch pad . Replicas of South and North Korean missiles are displayed at the Korea War Memorial in Seoul . North Korea recently informed a pair of U.N. agencies that it plans to launch a satellite . The launch is believed to be slated for sometime between April 4 to 8 , according to Yonhap , South Korea 's state-sponsored news agency . North Korea 's announcement has triggered international consternation . U.S. and South Korean officials have long said the North is actually preparing to test-fire a long-range missile under the guise of a satellite launch . Pyongyang lashed out against critics on Thursday in a commentary reported in the state-run KCNA news service . "  This is nothing but a groundless outcry of the political philistines ignorant of any legality of the study of space science for peaceful purposes , " the commentary said . "  Outer space is not a monopoly of a few specified powers but an asset common to mankind and the space development is promoted worldwide at present . " Should anyone have the right to explore space ? The United States has no plans to shoot down the North Korean rocket , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday in an interview with CNN 's Jill Dougherty , but will raise the issue with the U.N. Security Council if Pyongyang carries out a launch . "  We are doing our best to dissuade the North Koreans from going forward , because it is provocative action , " Clinton said . "  It raises questions about their compliance with the Security Council Resolution 1718 . And if they persist and go forward , we will take it up in appropriate channels . " North Korea is technically capable of launching a rocket in as little as two to four days , according to Kim Taewoo , an expert at the Korea Institute for Defense Analyses , but who doubts a launch will come that soon . It would not make sense for Pyongyang to make such a move after going through official channels with its plans , Kim said . "  The North could delay the launch if they experience problems with the weather , or within the leadership , but I do n't see any reason why they would fire it ahead of time , " Kim said . What the North Koreans would be testing may not be known until an actual launch , U.S. officials have said . A U.N. Security Council resolution in 2006 banned North Korea from conducting ballistic missile activity . Japanese officials said they could shoot down the object whether it is a missile or a satellite . "  As the U.N. resolutions prohibit  North Korea  from engaging in ballistic missile activities , we still consider it to be a violation of a technical aspect , even if  the North  claims it is a satellite . We will discuss the matter with related countries based on this view , " Japanese Foreign Minister Hirofumi Nakasone said this month . South Korea echoed Clinton 's statements . "  The South Korean government believes that if the North conducts its launch despite continuous warnings of the South Korean government and the international community , it is a provocative action that constitutes a serious threat to the security of northeast Asia and the Korean peninsula , " said Foreign Ministry spokesman Moon Tae-Young . "  The launching of the long-range rocket is a clear violation of the U.N. Security Council Resolution No. 1718 , and we strongly urge North Korea to immediately stop such measures . " The North Korean Taepodong-2 missile is thought to have an intended range of about 6,700 kilometers  4,200 miles  that -- if true -- could strike Alaska or Hawaii . -- CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report .	N. Korea : "  Outer space is not a monopoly of a few specified powers " North Koreans have said they intend to launch a communications satellite U.S. Secretary of State Clinton says U.S. has no plans to shoot rocket down Taepodong 2 rocket could launch either a warhead or a satellite
CNN  -- A solemn Mass at the Missionaries of Charity in Kolkata , India , marked the 100th anniversary of Mother Teresa 's birth on Thursday . People from all walks of life gathered at the global headquarters of the order of nuns , which Mother Teresa founded 60 years ago . "  It 's a great day of joy for all of us to celebrate the gift of Mother 's life , " said Sister Nirmala , Mother Teresa 's immediate successor . "  Mother who allowed God to live in her has put a bright light in the world , enlightening the hearts and minds of so many people . " Sister Prema , the current head of the order , said , "  Mother is a person who till today -- and also for time to come -- will bring people of all walks of life together to serve , to laugh and to be united . " A message from Pope Benedict XVI was read out at the Mass. . "  I am confident that this year will be for the church and the world an occasion of joyful gratitude to God for the inestimable gift that Mother Teresa was in her lifetime and continues to be through the affectionate and tireless work of you , her spiritual children , " the pontiff 's statement said . Mother Teresa was born as Agnes Gonxha Boiaxhiu to ethnic Albanian parents in Skopje , Macedonia , on August 26 , 1910 . She arrived in India in 1929 and dedicated her life to help those in need . She received a Nobel Peace Prize for her work in 1979 . She died in India in 1997 and was beatified by Pope John Paul II in October 2003 .	Mother Teresa founded the Missionaries of Charity in 1950 Message from Pope Benedict XVI read aloud at Mass celebration Mother Teresa died in 1997
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- A U.N. human rights official is calling for "  immediate , impartial " investigations over reports of attacks by armed forces of Ivory Coast President Alassane Ouattara against civilians in areas known to support former President Laurent Gbagbo . The mission is "  particularly concerned about the increase of violent incidents and attacks carried out by elements of the RFIC  Republican Forces of Ivory Coast  against several villages , " Guillaume Ngefa , acting director of the Human Rights Division of the U.N. Mission in Ivory Coast , said at a press conference Thursday . "  The alleged perpetrators of these serious human rights violations must be identified , pursued and punished in accordance with the law . " Recent attacks in southern and western Ivory Coast have left at least two people dead and dozens hurt . The United Nations denounced the use of heavy weapons to maintain order and called for the RFIC to be given sufficient and appropriate means to maintain law and order . "  The government and the RFIC authorities should initiate training for RFIC elements , especially on human rights and the basic principles on the use of force and the use of firearms by those responsible for applying the law , " Ngefa said . Nina Toure , spokesperson for the Ministry of Homeland Security , said the government is taking note but expressed some reservations about allegations of human right violations . "  Most of these allegations are supported by only interviews . If provided with solid proof , we will take immediate actions . We are committed to sanction any human rights violation , no matter the perpetrator , " Toure said . Sworn in after a six-month post-election crisis that left hundreds dead , Ouattara vowed to investigate the alleged atrocities , promote reconciliation and restore security and order . But so far the government is having a hard time getting police back into the streets and stations . In the months after the November vote , violence between forces loyal to both sides left hundreds dead , and cases of enforced disappearances and sexual violence were reported . Human rights investigators said last month that they had found 10 mass graves near the commercial capital of Abidjan . The U.N. accusations Thursday come on the heels of a similar admonishment by International Federation of Human Rights President Souhayr Belhassen , who said Tuesday that abuses were still going on in the West African country . The new government must "  commit to legal action against those responsible for serious violations of human rights from both sides , " Belhassen said . Human Rights Watch last week accused forces of both Ouattara and Gbagbo of atrocities . Minister of Homeland Security Ahmed Bakayoko , expressed doubts about the reports , but promised investigations and eventual legal action .	U.N. human rights official cites attacks by Ouattara forces against certain villages Guillaume Ngefa : Alleged perpetrators "  must be identified , pursued and punished " Government skeptical : "  Most of these allegations are supported only by interviews " Other human rights groups have made recent statements about rising violence
CNN  -- A pair of buildings colloquially known as "  Marilyn Monroe " has won the prize for best new skyscraper completed in 2012 . The curvy , twisting buildings , officially known as Absolute World Towers , and located in Mississauga , Ontario , were designed by Beijing-based MAD architects and Toronto-based Burka Architects . "  The way the two structures twist organically by up to eight degrees per floor is not just a superb technical achievement , but also a refreshing change to the set forms of high-rise routine , " said an international panel of expert judges when explaining their decision . The prize , given by building data company Emporis of Hamburg , Germany , "  rewards skyscrapers for excellence in their aesthetic and functional design , " the company said . It 's the thirteenth time the prize has been awarded . Coming soon : World 's first ` invisible ' tower Judges considered more than 300 skyscrapers completed last year and that are at least 100 meters tall . Other entries in the top 10 include buildings from Doha  Qatar  , Moscow , Guangzhou  China  and Milan  Italy  . The second place Al Bahr Towers in Abu Dhabi , designed by Aedas Architects , has an outer skin that rotates in response to the sun 's position , leading to cooler temperatures inside the buildings . 25 great skyscrapers : Icons of construction Burj Qatar , a 238-meter skyscraper Designed by Ateliers Jean Nouvel , in Doha , took third place . It features a metal mesh facade , whose design "  draws on traditional mashrabiya windows and is intended to contribute to protection from the sun , revealing a complex pattern at close quarters . " The United States does n't have any buildings on the list this year . Photos : Exploring post-Soviet architectural oddities	German building data company Emporis issues list of best new skyscrapers Winner known as "  Marilyn Monroe " due to curvy design Al Bahr Towers in Abu Dhabi has outer skin that rotates in response to the sun 's position No U.S. buildings made the top 10 list this year
Citizens can legally carry firearms in post office parking lots , a federal judge has ruled . The case stems from a lawsuit filed by Tab Bonidy , a resident of rural Avon , Colorado , who was prohibited by U.S. Postal Service regulations from carrying his gun on postal service property . In the town of Avon , the post office does n't deliver mail to residents but does provide free post office boxes . Bonidy , who is legally permitted to carry a concealed firearm , was unable to carry the weapon on post office property without violating the law . U.S. District Court Judge Richard Matsch ruled that the USPS must permit Bonidy to carry his gun in his car in the public parking lot at the post office . "  Mr. Bonidy 's liberty can be accommodated by modifying the regulation to permit Mr. Bonidy to "  have ready access to essential postal services ... while also exercising his right to self-defense , " Mitsch wrote in the ruling . Because of the firearms restrictions , Bonidy had to have an employee pick up and deliver his mail at the Avon Post Office , the court said . While ackowledging that post offices are "  sensitive " places and the ban imposed by the USPS regulations is a presumptively valid restriction of that liberty , the parking lot was not a sensitive place . The court said USPS attorneys had failed to present evidence to support enforcement of the regulation on post office parking lots . In 1972 , the Postal Service enacted regulations that prevented open and concealed-carry weapons and explosives on postal property . A number of high-profile gun violence incidents at post offices across the country has increased the scrutiny on post office safety in recent years . Despite the ruling , it is still illegal to carry a firearm inside a post office .	U.S. District Court judge ruled in the case of a Colorado gun owner He may keep his weapon in the car in post office parking lot , judge says USPS regulations prohibit having a weapon on post office property It is still illegal to carry a firearm inside a post office
President Barack Obama will announce his pick for Secretary of Defense on Friday morning , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Thursday afternoon during the daily White House briefing . Obama is slated to nominate Ashton Carter , former second in command at the Pentagon , as CNN has previously reported . RELATED : Meet Chuck Hagel 's expected replacement as Defense Secretary Pending confirmation in the Senate , Carter will succeed outgoing Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel , who announced his resignation last week . Hagel has said he will stay on board until a successor is confirmed . Carter , 60 , served as Deputy Defense Secretary under both Hagel and Obama 's first Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta . He 'd be the fourth secretary of defense of Obama 's six-year tenure including Robert Gates , a hold-over from President George W. Bush . Some consider Carter the last man standing for a job others have declined . Obama adviser Michele Flournoy was initially considered to be a frontrunner for the position after Hagel announced he 'd be leaving , leaving room for her to make history as the first woman to hold the post . But she quickly took her name out of the running in a letter to the Center for a New American Security , a think tank she co-founded in 2007 . Other potential replacements who took their names out of consideration include Senator Jack Reed  D-R.I.  and Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson . RELATED : Was Hagel doomed from the start ? Carter , who has worked at the Pentagon for years but has largely remained outside the spotlight , is regarded as a top intellect on national security issues by those who work with him . His admirers include Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , who called him an "  uber-wonk " at his farewell ceremony when Carter left the Defense Department in 2013 . From 2011 to 2013 , Carter worked as deputy secretary of defense , maintaining a portfolio that includes a $ 600 billion annual budget and over two million civilian and military personnel . He took up a job as an undersecretary in the Department of Defense shortly after Obama 's first inauguration . Earlier , Carter served as assistant secretary of defense for international security policy under President Bill Clinton , emerging as an expert in nuclear weapons policy . And before his tenure in the public sector , he was a professor at Harvard University and worked as the director of the Center for Science and International Affairs at Harvard 's John F. Kennedy School . RELATED : McCain : Ashton Carter wo n't be heard at W.H.	The White House will announce its pick for Secretary of Defense Friday . CNN reports President Obama will nominate Ashton Carter , former Pentagon second in command The Senate will likely confirm Carter , hailed as an "  uber-wonk "
GENEVA , Alabama  CNN  -- The gunman who authorities said launched a shooting rampage over three south Alabama towns , slaying 10 people in his path before killing himself , was once a police officer in Samson , the small town hit hardest by the deadliest crime in the state 's history . Authorities identified the shooter , seen in a yearbook photo , as Michael McLendon , 28 , of Kinston , Alabama . Authorities identified the shooter as Michael McLendon , 28 , of Kinston , Alabama , in Coffee County . Speaking at several news conferences on Wednesday , authorities also released a detailed timeline of the rampage -- which lasted less than an hour -- and identified the victims . Investigators late Wednesday said they were closer to finding a motive behind why McLendon would fatally shoot his mother in his hometown of Kinston before moving on to open fire in Samson and then Geneva . "  Evidence collected does indicate his reasons -- what the reason are I ca n't get into right now , " said Lt. Barry Tucker of the Alabama Bureau of Investigations . "  He was somewhat depressed about job issues , but the information we have does not specify -LSB- the motive -RSB- was job-related . " Coffee County District Attorney Gary McAliley told the newspaper in nearby Dothan that McLendon likely planned the rampage for a while . He said investigators have found dozens of ammunition boxes , military and survival gear and medical supplies at McLendon 's Kinston home . The Alabama Bureau of Investigation said authorities recovered a phone list and a notebook from the home , "  but there is no evidence that indicates a hit list of any kind . " Tucker said the notebook contained , "  a couple of pages of notes , people he worked with , places he worked -- it was over a year old . " Asked whether the notes expressed grievances against others , Tucker said no . The assault Tuesday ended at the Reliable Metal Products plant in Geneva , 24 miles from Kinston . Police said McLendon engaged in a shootout before killing himself inside the building . McLendon shot and killed at least 10 people , including two children , and wounded at least four others , officials said . McLendon , who had no known criminal record before carrying out the rampage , worked briefly as a police officer in Samson , but failed to complete the "  required training " at the police academy in Montgomery in 2003 , according to Alabama State Trooper Capt. Marc McHenry . He "  did n't last a week and a half " at the academy and received no firearms training there , Murphy said . "  We believe he fired in excess of 200 rounds during the assaults , " Alabama State Police Cpl. Steve Jarrett said . See photos of the shooting scenes " The rampage began Tuesday afternoon when McLendon shot and killed his mother before setting fire to the home he shared with her in Kinston , near the Alabama-Florida state line . He then headed to Samson , where he opened fire on his uncle 's front porch as his uncle and other relatives stood outside with the neighbors from across the street . Mayor : "  Shock and disbelief " " Those neighbors happened to be the family of Geneva County Sheriff 's Deputy Josh Myers , who was later involved in a shoot-out with the gunman , unaware that McLendon had shot and killed his wife and young daughter and critically injured his nearly 4-month-old baby , Ella Kay . A family friend found the couple 's 4-year-old son hiding in the Myers ' home after the shooting . Five people , including Myers ' wife , Andrea , and their 1 1/2 - year-old daughter , Corinne Gracy , were killed on the porch . McLendon then opened fire on his grandmother , who was standing in the doorway of her home next door . Watch deputy ask for prayers for wounded daughter " Alina Knowles was in her home in Samson when she heard the gunman fire on the porch so many times that it sounded like a horror film . After the shooting stopped , Knowles saw the gunman flee the area and drive around the block . Watch the aftermath of the shooting spree " Knowles , a certified nurse assistant , looked around for survivors . She saw members of Myers ' family dead on the porch , but nobody 's chest was moving to signal they were alive . Then she heard Myers ' baby girl , Ella Kay , crying . " -LSB- I -RSB- picked her up , came between the two vehicles , " she said . "  Saw him coming up the road , ducked so he would n't see me , as he was coming up this way I ducked , was still ducking and moving around their van trying to keep him from seeing me with that baby . " Knowles said she knew if she was n't careful , the gunman would target her . "  I would have been dead , " she said . "  I would have been on that ground there . " Knowles was able to get the deputy 's child and herself to safety . But the horror of the events sticks with her . "  I was scared , " she said . "  The scene I saw , there was no words for it . None at all . There is no describing what I saw . " McLendon then shot and killed two bystanders in Samson before heading to Reliable Metal Products . There , he exchanged fire with Myers and another officer in the parking lot before entering the building , where he shot and killed himself . "  We truly are shocked at this , " said Col. Christopher Murphy , the director of the Alabama Department of Public Safety . "  This event formed the single deadliest crime recorded in Alabama . " Watch a timeline of the shootings " Samson Mayor Clay King said he knew McLendon and all of the victims in the small southern Alabama town . Watch CNN 's Anderson Cooper talk about the investigation " "  I coached him in both T-ball and Little League baseball along with my two sons , " he said of McLendon . McLendon worked nearly two years at food manufacturer and distributor Kelley Foods in Elba , about 25 miles north of Samson . He quit his job last week , the company said . The company did n't specify what his position was , but said he was a "  reliable team leader " who was well-liked . "  I ca n't describe what happened , why it happened , " Geneva County Sheriff Greg Ward told CNN affiliate WTVY . "  It 's just a sad day for Geneva County . " Watch Sheriff Ward talk about the shootings " "  He was shooting at just ordinary people going about their business , " said Alabama state Sen. Harri Anne Smith . Smith represents Geneva County , where all but one of the victims were killed . Smith said she had been briefed about the incident by state and local law enforcement . Watch CNN 's Sean Callebs say who was shot first " Another mass killing occurred in southern Alabama in 2002 , when Westley Devon Harris gunned down six members of his 16-year-old girlfriend 's family at their farm in Luverne . Harris was convicted and sentenced to the death penalty in 2005 . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials say suspect was depressed about job issues Police say gunman "  fired in excess of 200 rounds " during the assaults Shooter trained briefly at state police academy but "  did n't last , " officials say Police say Michael McLendon killed his mom , grandparents , aunt , uncle
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The Los Angeles District Attorney 's Office asked police to do more investigative work before a decision is made on whether charges will be filed in the domestic violence case against singer Chris Brown , according to a spokeswoman for the DA . Chris Brown attends a party saluting music producer Clive Davis in Beverly Hills , California , on Saturday . The LAPD 's chief investigator in case , Detective Deshon Andrews , told CNN he hand-carried his findings to the district attorney Tuesday afternoon . Prosecutors looked at the files and then asked Andrews for "  an additional investigation , " DA spokeswoman Jane Robinson said . Andrews said that to keep photos and documents from leaking to the media , he has kept the case file closely guarded and allowed no copies of the material to be made . Watch the latest about the case " Police have refused media requests to hear the 911 call that led to their investigation early Sunday , but Andrews said it mostly recorded the sound of "  a screaming woman . " Brown , 19 , turned himself in Sunday night after police said they were looking for him . He was arrested on suspicion of making criminal threats . Brown was later released on a $ 50,000 bond . He is expected to appear in court on March 5 . Police said Brown and a woman were in a vehicle near Hollywood 's Hancock Park early Sunday when they became involved in an argument . The woman "  suffered visible injuries and identified Brown as her attacker , " police said . Police did not identify the woman , but sources close to the couple told CNN the alleged victim was his girlfriend , singer Rihanna , 20 . Brown 's lawyer has not responded to several requests for comment . CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	NEW : L.A. DA 's office wants more investigation of Chris Brown case Police : Brown turned himself in after woman accused him of attacking her Police have n't named woman ; sources say it was girlfriend Rihanna
Pyongyang , North Korea  CNN  -- As a military parade that is billed as the largest in Pyongyang 's history began Sunday morning , North Korea 's increasingly reclusive leader , Kim Jong Il , made a rare public appearance with his youngest son , Kim Jong Un . Video from the event showed thousands of military personnel who 'd been silent a moment earlier erupt into applause and chanting as the Kims appeared in the capital to start the parade . The event featured 20,000 military personnel marching in lockstep and huge pieces of military hardware -- including many tanks and missiles -- rolling along the parade route as part of North Korea 's celebration marking the anniversary of the country 's Peoples ' Workers Party . "  It 's an annual holiday , but in effect this is an elaborate coming out party for the man who will be the next leader , " said CNN 's Alina Cho , reporting from the parade , referring to Kim 's youngest son . The parade began in the Kim Il Sung Square , named for Kim Jong Il 's father , North Korea 's founder . The United States believes that Kim Jong Un has been tapped to replace his ailing father as North Korea 's leader . Little is known about Kim Jong Un . He is thought to be 27 or 28 and was schooled abroad , believed to be capable of speaking some English and German and possibly some French . He is said to have a fondness for Michael Jordan and James Bond . In a move that surprised North Korea observers , Kim Jong Un appeared to be wearing civilian clothes instead of his military uniform and medals on Sunday , even though he had been named a four-star general last month . "  This is ... Kim Jong Il trying to make sure that senior military officers are not offended by someone who just got his start , " said Gordon Chang , a North Korean expert and columnist for Forbes.com . "  It shows he needs to massage this process . " In a rare embrace of the media , Pyongyang invited around 60 journalists from around the world to cover the weekend 's festivities , Cho said . "  We were quite hastily invited at the middle of last week , " she said . "  We knew something big was happening but we were n't entirely sure what . " Cho said that security is tight for the celebrations and that even the news media 's government minders are being checked by security personnel -- along with Cho 's notebook and pen . Sunday 's parade encompassed units of the three services of the Korean People 's Army -- the Korean People 's Internal Security Forces , the Worker-Peasant Red Guards and the Young Red Guards -- according to North Korea 's state-run KCNA news agency . On Saturday , Kim and his heir apparent appeared at Pyongyang 's May Day Stadium as part of the Arirang celebration , which this year marks the the 65th anniversary of the Peoples ' Workers Party . The event featured hundreds of gymnastics and dance performances . Participants spend up to eight hours a day training and preparing for the occasion . Video of the event showed performers dancing enthusiastically for the crowd in the packed stadium . Kim Jong Il and Kim Jong Un could be seen sitting in a private box removed from the masses , flanked by military officials . Electricity was on throughout Pyongyang on Saturday , Cho said , an unusual occurrence in power-starved North Korea . The spare-no-expense celebration will likely be frowned upon by many ordinary North Koreans , Chang said . "  With the North Korean economy trending downwards , with poverty and destitution , there 's got be the question of the nature of the regime , " he said . "  They 're going to look at this and say , ` Why do n't I have clean water ? Why do n't I have food ? How can they afford all of this ? ' " Chinese President Hu Jintao sent Kim Jong Il a congratulatory message Saturday , commending the Peoples ' Workers Party for "  overcoming difficulties and risks and arduously struggling to continuously make eye-catching achievements in its socialist revolution and construction cause , " China 's state-run Xinhua news agency quoted Hu as saying . Hu also praised the relationship between North Korea and China , and pledged to make "  it an unswerving policy to continuously strengthen and develop bilateral friendly and cooperative ties . " Kim also received messages of support from the party itself . The Peoples ' Workers Party , along with other government entities , praised the party 's creation saying it "  has ushered in the greatest heyday in its development , a period of great prosperity in the era of the WPK , demonstrating its invincible might under Kim Jong Il 's experienced and tested guidance , " according to the state-run Korean Central News Agency . CNN 's Adam Reiss contributed to this report	North Korea 's leader Kim Jong Ill attends huge military parade Sunday Kim Jong Un , who U.S. believes will replace Kim Jong Ill , also attends Event features 20,000 military personnel , tanks and missiles Arirang celeberations mark creation of North Korea 's Peoples ' Workers Party
CNN  -- The Louisiana State Police said Tuesday that they have joined the FBI in investigating allegations that New Orleans Saints General Manager Mickey Loomis had the ability to eavesdrop on opposing coaches for nearly three seasons . "  By placing an investigator with the FBI team , we 'll go through the allegations and see where they take us . All we have now are allegations of illegal use of wiretapping and eavesdropping , " Louisiana State Police Superintendent Mike Edmonson said . When asked specifically whether the allegations involve Loomis , he responded , "  Yes . " ESPN reported this week that the Saints manager had a device in his Superdome suite that was wired to allow him to hear members of the opposing coaching staff from 2002 to 2004 . The stadium suffered severe damage in 2005 , when Hurricane Katrina ripped through the city . Citing anonymous sources , the report said it could not determine for certain whether Loomis ever used the system . On Monday , Saints spokesman Greg Bensel called the report "  1,000 % false -- completely inaccurate . " "  We asked ESPN to provide us evidence to support their allegations , and they refused . The team and Mickey are seeking all legal recourse regarding these false allegations , " he said . Interim head coach Joe Vitt addressed the report Tuesday , calling it "  ludicrous , " "  juvenile " and "  irresponsible . " "  It 's absolutely ludicrous . It 's impossible , " he said about the wiretapping allegations . "  That 's something from ` Star Wars . ' " Jim Haslett , former Saints coach and current defensive coordinator for the Washington Redskins , similarly cast doubt on the ESPN report . "  At no time during my tenure as head coach with the New Orleans Saints did Mickey and I discuss monitoring opposing team coach 's communication , nor did I have any knowledge of this . To my knowledge this concept was never discussed or utilized , " he said in a statement . The statue of limitations for wiretapping crimes is typically five years , according to CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin . When asked how that fact might figure into the investigation , Edmonson said , "  Let 's find out that if the allegations are factual and if state law has been compromised first . Then it will be up to the U.S. attorney or district attorney to review the matter . " A spokesman for the National Football League said Monday that the league had no prior knowledge of the wiretapping accusations , which come on the heels of another Saints scandal . This month , the NFL upheld penalties it imposed against the Saints and members of its coaching staff for the team 's bounty program . The unprecedented punishment was handed down in March after an NFL investigation found that the team had an "  active bounty program " during the 2009 , 2010 and 2011 seasons . During this time , players were purportedly offered payments if they managed to hurt opposing players and knock them out of a game . The stiffest penalty handed down -- an indefinite ban -- was given to Gregg Williams , the Saints defensive coordinator who , over the offseason , moved to take that same position with the St. Louis Rams . Head coach Sean Payton was suspended for the entire 2012-13 season . Loomis was suspended without pay for the season 's first eight regular-season games , while Vitt was suspended without pay for the first six regular-season games . The team was also fined $ 500,000 and ordered to forfeit its second-round draft picks in 2012 and 2013 , the NFL has said . The league may consider "  modifying the forfeiture " of the 2013 draft pick , assuming other conditions are met , it has said . The NFL has yet to impose penalties against individual players involved in the bounty program , but Commissioner Roger Goodell said Tuesday that they , too , bear some of the responsibility . "  The evidence is quite clear that the players embraced this . They enthusiastically embraced it . They put the vast majority of the money into the program , and they actually are the ones playing the game , " he said during an NFL Network interview . "  I think everyone bears responsibility here . We 've held the executives and the coaches to a higher standard , but the players need to recognize , they need to make sure this is n't happening either . " CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Interim head coach says the accusations are "  ludicrous " and "  irresponsible " ESPN reports that Saints GM Mickey Loomis could eavesdrop on opposing coaches The Saints are already in hot water over their bounty program A Saints spokesman calls the report "  1,000 % false "
CNN  -- Despite their second-place status in the 2011 FIFA World Cup Final , the women of the U.S. soccer team hope their success in the tournament -- especially their appearance in the final game before a global audience -- encourages more Americans to get excited about the women 's sport . "  I think we did something pretty special for women 's soccer here in America , " said Megan Rapinoe , a midfielder from California . "  Hopefully this has kind of opened people 's eyes a little bit to how beautiful the women 's game can be . " Playing in a sport that has long labored in the shadow of the men 's game , and representing a country where soccer has long fought for attention against football , baseball , basketball and other major-league sports , made the thousands of roaring fans in the final game in Frankfurt , Germany , all the more stimulating for the team . "  When you have 50,000 fans you ca n't hear anything , " said Alex Morgan , a forward . "  It definitely raises energy . " The enthusiasm of fans followed the team back to the United States . The women arrived at the W Hotel in New York 's Times Square Monday evening to a supportive crowd . Inner-city girls inspired by World Cup soccer "  It 's great to come back to all our support , " said team captain and defender Christie Rampone . "  We really felt that ... we could n't be prouder . " The support from the fans and the excitement that women 's soccer might get more recognition in the United States , however , did n't take away the sting of the 5-3 loss . "  We got so many e-mails , so many texts , " said Shannon Boxx , a midfielder . "  It makes me really proud to be an American ... We 're really disappointed we could n't bring everything home for everyone . " Millions of Americans tuned in on Sunday to watch Japan and the United States duke it out on the field -- and they got a show . World Cup final No. 2 all-time for daytime cable telecasts The U.S. women 's team managed to hold strong for most of the game , but the score was tied 2-2 by Japanese midfielder Homare Sawa with just a few minutes left in extra time , which prompted a round of penalty kicks . Japan hit three of its penalty kicks , the U.S. made only one . But the U.S. women did n't fault Japan for the championship win . "  I really took my hat off to Japan , " said goalkeeper Hope Solo . "  I was OK with their storybook ending , knowing that they were fighting for so much more than the game . " Japan was considered by many to be the sentimental favorite going into the game , in the aftermath of Japan 's devastating earthquake and tsunami in March . With the World Cup behind them , the loss still hurts , but the women say they are looking toward future endeavors . "  I do know that it hurts more a day later , " said Solo . "  We have to pick up the pieces ... this is a team that hopefully will win us a gold medal . " The team will begin training for the 2012 London Summer Olympics in January .	Players hope their appearance in the final round brings more attention to soccer "  We did something pretty special , " says one team member Penalty kicks helped Japan win Sunday in the World Cup final 5-3
CNN  Hillary Clinton made it clear Tuesday that when it comes to her emails , which traveled through a private server during her time at the State Department , we 'll all just have to trust -- and she 'll verify . Using strong language , the former secretary of state insisted that despite concerns from both sides of the aisle on issues including national security , accountability and transparency , there 's simply nothing to see here . "  I went above and beyond what I was requested to do , " she said . "  I fully complied with every rule , " she declared . And in case you were wondering if there was going to be an independent review of her emails , there is n't . Nor will she turn over her server . "  The server will remain private . " There you go . Defiant , unfazed , undeterred . You can believe fact checkers will work overtime to parse the bit about complying with every rule . Even the White House has disagreed with that . As for everyone else , the question is n't whether Clinton did enough Tuesday to satisfy House Republicans , who will no doubt continue to hammer her on decisions she made while at State . Nor is it whether she did enough to satisfy Republican voters , who have a crystallized view of Clinton that goes all the way back to the '90s . The perception that this is just another in a long line of instances where the Clintons flouted the rules is fairly unshakable . Likewise , her cadre of loyal surrogates , who showed just how unhinged they are willing to sound to defend the irreproachable HRC in recent days , are sure to keep on circling the wagons and telling us that she is the victim of a right-wing smear campaign and -- wait for it -- media bias . The audience for whom this press conference mattered most was Democratic and independent voters , who may admire Hillary Clinton , but as history has proved , simply can not be counted on to vote for her in 2016 , especially if someone else comes along on her left . Remember , Clinton was n't defeated in 2008 by Republicans . She was beaten by a little-known , inexperienced Democrat . That means that the half of the country that was predisposed to like her politics and who already knew who she was chose someone else . And the other half of the country did , too . She 's just as vulnerable , if not more , to the same kind of usurpation in 2016 , thanks to an even greater sense of inevitability on the left , and the reflexive rush to protect her from valid questions and criticism is n't helping to dissolve it . Instead of insisting she did nothing wrong and smugly placating nosy reporters , she should have promised these voters that transparency and accountability -- two words she did n't utter Tuesday -- are the cornerstones of good government and any future administration she were to run . She should have assured them that the rules do apply to her , just like anyone else , and that in the future she 'll pay closer attention to them . Finally , she should have told them that the last thing she wants is to take the trust of the voters for granted , and that she 'll comply with any independent investigation that 's offered . Defiance has paid off for the Clintons in that they 've made it through some truly breathtaking scandals unscathed . But if Clinton wants 2016 to turn out differently than 2008 , she and her surrogates ca n't keep insisting to voters that she is above scrutiny .	S.E. Cupp : At press conference , Hillary Clinton insists there was nothing amiss with her use of personal email while secretary of state Clinton is not invulnerable : She risks losing Democratic and independent voters , who abandoned her in 2008 , she says Cupp : She should have assured them that the rules do apply to her , that transparency and accountability matter
CNN  -- The nation 's aviation security chief on Thursday defended his recent decision to again permit knives aboard commercial flights , despite concerns from major airlines and their flight crews , and sharp criticism from some members of Congress . John Pistole , administrator of the Transportation Security Administration  TSA  , told a House Homeland Security subcommittee that his decision would stand and would be carried out next month as planned . He said small knives no longer pose a threat to aircraft security , which now emphasizes bomb detection . "  A small pocket knife is simply not going to result in the catastrophic failure of an aircraft and an improvised explosive device will , " he said . "  And we know , from internal covert testing , searching for these items , which will not blow up an aircraft , can distract our officers from focusing on the components of an improvised explosive device . " Small knives were banned along with a host of other undersized sharp objects like nail clippers , screwdrivers and cosmetic scissors , following the 9/11 al Qaeda hijack attacks on the United States . Talk Back : Should the TSA walk back the knife policy ? There has been a gradual easing of those prohibitions in recent years as planes hardened onboard security and the potential threats shifted away from hijackings and more toward attempts by terrorists to bring down planes with bombs . Still , Pistole 's decision has roiled the industry . The major carriers have as a group raised concerns about the move with three - Delta , American , and US Airways coming out in opposition . Pistole 's supporters believe the rules should be more passenger-friendly and focus on bombs and other threats that can be hard to detect and be smuggled aboard the passenger cabin or in cargo . But critics contend that even small pocket and other knives still pose too great a safety and security risk for airline crews , reminding that the 9/11 hijackers used box cutters to take control of four jetliners . Pistole stood firm as he faced questions and criticism from lawmakers . "  I think the decision is solid and it stands , " Pistole said . "  I plan to move forward with it . " Rep. Eric Swalwell , D-California , criticized the logic behind the move , arguing that threats posed by bombs do not mean knives are n't dangerous . "  Just because this is a new threat does not mean that old threats do n't still exist , " he said . Swalwell co-authored a letter to Pistole saying he was "  mystified " by his decision , calling it "  another example of a questionable TSA policy . " Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee , D-Texas , said Pistole needed to change course on the rule change -- fast . "  You need to stop this now , " she said . "  These cause bleeding . These cause injury . These can cause a terrible tragedy . And I do n't want to take it to the next length . It can possibly cause someone to lose their life . " Other lawmakers said they supported Pistole and praised his efforts in leading the agency . "  Why should the federal government devote taxpayer dollars to low-risk people , places , or things ? " said Rep. Richard Hudson , R-North Carolina , the subcommittee 's chairman . In the nine days since the TSA opened a can of worms by announcing it would ease the ban on small knives in airline cabins , the list of groups concerned or opposed to the idea has grown to include airlines , airport screeners , federal air marshals , flight attendants and pilots . So far , the TSA has persisted . The surge in recent criticism from so many groups drew the attention of Rep. Cedric Richmond , D-Louisiana . "  I do n't question your judgment , because you do what you do , and we have to trust that you 're making the right decisions , " Richmond said . But he said he questioned the process Pistole had used , arguing that he had n't involved enough stakeholders from the airline industry . "  I 'm not asking you to defer to them , but a lot of the time it helps if they 're at the table when you 're making a decision so that they have the information that you have , " he said . Pistole said he met with flight attendants on Wednesday , but conceded that he could have done a better job of bringing them into the process earlier . Under the new rules , which go into effect April 25 , knives with blades that are 2.36 inches  6 centimeters  or shorter and less than a half-inch wide will be allowed in airline cabins so long as the blade is not fixed or does not lock into place . The rules also allow passengers to carry up to two golf clubs , certain toy bats or other sports sticks -- such as ski poles , hockey sticks , lacrosse sticks and pool cues -- aboard in carry-on luggage . The TSA has said it 's aligning its policy with international rules . But after consulting with Federal Air Marshal Service leaders , the agency opted to continue excluding knives that most closely resemble weapons , specifically knives with blades that lock in place , or have molded hand grips . Box cutters and razor blades also would remain on the prohibited items list . Related : Knives on planes : Who 's for it , who 's against Airlines for America , the trade association representing the major U.S. airlines , said Monday that "  additional discussion is warranted " before small knives are allowed on planes . Three of the nation 's five biggest carriers , Delta , American and US Airways , have spoken out against the policy . Related : Need a tribal spear ? Try TSA Many critics of the new rules contend that in addition to adding an unnecessary threat to the safety of airline crews and passengers , the changes wo n't make a difference in the TSA 's ability to concentrate on other threats . Knives are probably the most common items surrendered by passengers at screening points , aside from liquids . Travelers surrender about 35 knives at Baltimore-Washington International Airport on an average day and about 47 per day at Los Angeles International Airport , officials say . "  Today , we find on average of four guns at checkpoints , but we also find about 2,000 of these small pocket knives every day , " Pistole said on Thursday . "  On average that takes two to three minutes for the pocket knife to be identified , for that bag to be pulled , for that bag to be opened , for the knife to be found , " he added . That 's valuable time , he said , noting that other more dangerous items could slip by security screeners . Questioned by reporters , White House spokesman Jay Carney said he did not think President Barack Obama had a response to the issue . "  I 'm sure that the TSA has been asked this question and explained their thinking in making decisions like this ; DHS as well , I assume , " Carney said of the TSA 's parent agency , the Homeland Security Department . "  My understanding as a layman , as an observer , not as somebody who has worked the policy process , is that this has to do with an assessment of where the most likely threats are , " Carney said .	TSA administrator : "  I think the decision is solid and it stands " Congresswoman : "  You need to stop this now " New rules would allow knives with blades up to 2.36 inches long on airlines Groups for airlines , screeners , air marshals , flight attendants and pilots have concerns
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- An Afghan employee of the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan who opened fire at a CIA annex there worked as part of a local guard force , a U.S. official said Monday . Embassy spokesman Gavin Sundwall said the lone gunman killed a U.S. citizen and wounded another in the shootings Sunday . The wounded American was evacuated to a military hospital with injuries that were not life-threatening . Security personnel used a flash-bang round to stun the shooter and then killed him , according to another U.S. official who earlier provided details of the incident . The gunman shot indiscriminately , and he is not believed to have targeted the victims , the second U.S. official said . One or two civilians suffered minor wounds as people went running for cover , the official added . The American killed was a CIA employee , according to a third U.S. official . The official said the gunman fired toward the building but never entered it . All the sources spoke on condition of not being identified . The FBI is investigating the attack , along with other U.S. agencies and local authorities , a U.S. official said . Another official said the FBI is the lead agency in the investigation . CIA and diplomatic security officials also are involved . The first U.S. official said the shooter "  is believed to have worked as part of the local guard force " and added that no motive has been established . Investigators are looking into whether the shooter was a disgruntled employee or whether he was inspired by militants . All Afghan employees go through a background security check and must pass through a metal detector each time they enter the Embassy , the second official said . "  We have no information as to whether the individual was authorized to carry a weapon or if he seized a weapon , " the official said . Afghan troops guard the outer perimeter of the Embassy , while embassy contractors and members of the U.S. military guard the inside . The CIA building is several hundred yards from the Embassy compound and has its own entrance and security , according to another U.S. official . Embassy personnel usually travel in armored cars for meetings in the CIA facility . "  It 's not possible to stop everything from happening . You can only limit it , make it highly unlikely , " said the official , who also spoke on condition of anonymity . "  The job of soldiers and diplomats and spies is to be amongst the people , getting work done . You have to have some level of trust to get anything done . " "  There is a calculated risk " for U.S. personnel working in countries like Afghanistan , the official said . The annex area is known as a place where Embassy personnel both live and work , some in intelligence operations . A CIA spokeswoman declined to comment on the attack . Afghanistan has been the site of several high-profile attacks of late , including strikes at the NATO headquarters and the U.S. Embassy in Kabul and the assassination of former Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani . Rabbani had been leading efforts for reconciliation talks . The latest shooting is not believed to be related to any other recent attacks in Kabul , U.S. officials said . In December 2009 , a Jordanian informant detonated a suicide bomb at a CIA base in Khost , Afghanistan , killing seven CIA employees and two others . A CIA review of the incident found that some people within the CIA and the Jordanian intelligence service were skeptical about the attacker 's reliability , but those concerns had not been passed on to officers on the base . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Nick Paton Walsh , Carol Cratty and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	A source says the Afghan attacker was part of a local guard force A U.S. official says the American killed was a CIA employee The gunman shot indiscriminately , an official says
CNN  -- A man suspected of killing a young New York mother and her toddler in 2010 was arrested in Nicaragua one day after making the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted list . On Friday , authorities said , he was returned to the United States . Juan Elias Garcia , whom the FBI calls an "  enthusiastic murderer , " had a $ 100,000 reward on his head . "  The pressure generated by this publicity was too much for Garcia to bear , resulting in his surrender and return to the United States , " George Venizelos , FBI assistant director in charge of the New York field office , said in a statement . Garcia surrendered Thursday to authorities at the U.S. Embassy in Managua , Nicaragua , authorities said . Garcia voluntarily agreed to return to the United States and was arrested in New York Friday after the FBI sent a plane to transport him , the statement said . He is to appear in federal court on March 31 . "  Garcia 's callous disregard for human life resulted in the senseless murder of a young mother and her helpless 2-year-old son , " Venizelos said on the agency 's website on Wednesday . Garcia is alleged to be a member of the violent MS-13 , or Mara Salvatrucha , gang . He was thought to be hiding in El Salvador . The FBI said a romantic entanglement and gang rivalries lay at the heart of slayings . Alleged victim Vanessa Argueta , 19 , is said to have had a romantic relationship with Garcia , and she 's also believed to have had ties to two rival gangs : the 18th Street gang and the Latin Kings . "  They were going to kill her for disrespecting the gang , " Special Agent James Lopez said in the FBI release . "  It is unacceptable for MS-13 members to have girls they associate with be involved with rival gang members . " The FBI said that under the guise of an invitation to dinner in Central Islip , New York , Garcia coerced Argueta and her 2-year-old son into the woods . There , they were met by two co-conspirators -- members of Mara Salvatrucha -- and Argueta was murdered execution-style in front of her son . The FBI said the same gun was then used to kill the toddler	Juan Elias Garcia , who had a $ 100,000 reward on his head , surrendered in Nicaragua He 's accused of killing a 19-year-old woman and her 2-year-old son A soured romance and gang rivalries are involved , the FBI says
