New York  CNN  -- Controversial fashion designer John Galliano -- fired and convicted over anti-Semitic comments in 2011 -- is heading to a New York design classroom this spring . The former chief designer for Christian Dior will teach a three-day master class at Parsons The New School for Design . The class will give Parsons students an opportunity to learn from "  an immensely talented designer , " according to a statement from the school . Galliano was fired from the fashion giant in March 2011 after making anti-Semitic remarks in Paris . Later that year , a French court found him guilty for making public insults based on origin , religious affiliation , race or ethnicity . "  I love Hitler , " Galliano said in a video obtained by Britain 's Sun newspaper . "  Your mother , your forefathers would be f -- ing gassed and f -- ing dead . " In his trial , he said that alcohol and drugs were major factors , which he realized during a stint in rehab after he was fired . Galliano apologized , saying , "  Anti-Semitism and racism have no part in our society . " He added : "  I only have myself to blame and I know that I must face up to my own failures and that I must work hard to gain people 's understanding and compassion . " Abraham Foxman , national director for the Anti-Defamation League , said Tuesday in a statement , "  I think it 's time that John Galliano be evaluated on his skills . " "  He apologized , he repaired , he reached out . We should just move on . I think that 's the fair thing to do . I 'm delighted for Parsons and I 'm delighted for him , " Foxman added . Parsons acknowledged the controversy in its statement , saying , "  We believe that over the past two years , Mr. Galliano has demonstrated a serious intent to make amends for his past actions . " CNN 's Sheila Steffen contributed to this report .	Fashion designer John Galliano will teach at Parsons The New School for Design Former chief designer for Christian Dior was convicted in France for anti-Semitic remarks Galliano attended drug and alcohol rehab , apologized for comments "  We should just move on , " says Anti-Defamation League 's national director
CNN  -- French journalist Olivier Voisin has died from injuries suffered while working in Syria , the office of French President Francois Hollande said Sunday . Voisin suffered a head wound and later died at a hospital in Turkey , French officials said in a written statement . Voisin , a photographer , was working for Reporters Without Borders and was embedded with a Syrian opposition group . The media organization said Voisin was covering the civil war in Idlib when he was wounded in an explosion Thursday . "  His death is a tragic reminder of the risks taken by journalists to inform our fellow citizens , regardless of the dangers . This exemplary commitment deserves recognition for all , " the French statement said . The violence in Syria continues after nearly two years of fighting with no end in sight . On Sunday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said 57 people were killed in fighting across the country . Of the casualties , 23 civilians were killed in the capital of Damascus or one of its suburbs , according to the group . CNN can not confirm casualties as access to the country has been severely restricted .	French photojournalist dies as a result of head wounds , French officials say He was covering a battle in Idlib , Reporters Without Borders media group says French officials send condolences , say death is reminder of risks Opposition group says 57 people were killed Sunday in fighting across the country
CNN  -- The assault began at dawn , as bullets and rockets peppered the remote outpost in eastern Afghanistan . Lt. Cason Shrode said that in less than two minutes , his team 's generator was hit and they were out of power . The insurgency was so fierce , according to one soldier , that the troops could n't get to their mortars to fire back . "  They were under heavy enemy contact , " Sgt. Jayson Souter said , describing the October 3 attack that pinned his comrades at Combat Outpost Keating , a remote base in Nuristan province . Four servicemen -- Souter , a fellow soldier , an Apache helicopter pilot , and a gunner -- talked to a military reporter about their roles during the Keating attack in an interview posted by the Department of Defense on Facebook and NATO 's International Security Assistance Force YouTube Channel . The United States says about 200 insurgents -- mostly local fighters , with some Taliban organizers and leaders -- had been planning the attack for days , hiding mortars , rockets and heavy machine guns in the mountains . Watch more about their story " The battle started early on October 3 and lasted for 12 hours . At the end , eight American soldiers and more than 100 militants were killed and buildings at the outpost were destroyed . Fire support officer 1st Lt. Cason Shrode said the initial round "  did n't seem like anything out of the ordinary . " There was a lull and then there was a heavy attack . "  We started receiving a heavy volley of fire . Probably 90 seconds into the fight they ended up hitting one of our generators so we lost all power , " Shrode said in the interview posted online by the Defense Department . "  At that point I knew that this was something bigger than normal . " Troops called in air support . Helicopter gunner Chad Bardwell said he had to confirm the fighters he saw on ridgelines were the enemy because he had never seen such a large group of insurgents . "  We tried to stop them as they were coming down the hill . ... We were taking fire pretty much the entire day , " he said in the Defense Department interview . Chief Warrant Officer Ross Lewallen , the Apache pilot , said a few aircraft were damaged in what was a "  time-consuming endeavor " governed by tough terrain . He said the morning battle was "  significant , " but later troops were able to identify targets and eliminate larger weapons . "  One of the primary reasons for the fight taking so long is that it is an extreme terrain , " he said in the same interview . Lewallen said the valley sits beneath mountains to the west and north . "  There 's a lot of cover so you really ca n't detect the enemy until they start moving again , " he said , adding that it was tough for medical evacuation aircraft to land "  because we were still trying to control " the outpost . The intense assault on Keating led to fires . There were five main buildings at the post and four of them burned . Soldiers eventually ended up going into one building . "  The next morning it was pretty much ash besides that one building . I mean that 's the way to describe it . Most of it had burned down . So we were pretty much at one building and the rest was just a shadow of what it used to be , " Shrode said in the Defense Department interview . Lewallen said what came together was "  air-ground integration . " "  All the training we 've done before deploying here ; it really clicked that day , " he said in the interview . "  We started realizing that the guys on the ground knew what they needed to tell us to get the job done . It made things that much easier . " He disputed media reports suggesting that there were n't enough weapons and troops . He said 40 minutes into the fight , air power arrived . "  We had everything we needed . It was just a big attack with a lot of people . Bad things happen -- but I think we did well , under the circumstances . " Reflecting on the fight , Souter said , "  Everybody basically came together and in the mix of it all , they were donating blood for the wounded that we had . They all pulled together to make sure that we can pull our boys out of this . "	Soldiers describe October 3 attack at a remote base in Nuristan province Their account posted by the Department of Defense on Facebook and YouTube U.S. : Battle lasted 12 hours and eight American soldiers were killed
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- A radio station in Mexico has aired parts of a telephone conversation it alleges took place between a top drug lord and a federal congressman . In the recording , voices the station identify as those of lawmaker Cesar Godoy and Servando Gomez -- also known as "  La Tuta , " leader of the La Familia cartel -- express support for one another and discuss a wide range of topics including upcoming elections and a local reporter stirring up stories . The tape has renewed concerns about corruption in a country struggling to subdue its powerful drug cartels . More than 28,000 people have died in drug violence in Mexico since 2006 , according to authorities . W Radio says the conversation took place more than a year ago and was collected as part of an investigation into Godoy 's suspected cartel ties . The station did not disclose its source for the tape . An official at the Mexican Attorney General 's Office confirmed the recordings represent the real voices of Godoy and Gomez , but declined further comment . "  First of all , I want you to win . You have total support . You will win , " the voice identified as Gomez ' says in a conversation broadcast by W Radio . The two male voices are heard talking about possible informants and a journalist who is said to be causing the congressman trouble . Toward the end of the recording , the voice identified as Godoy 's warns his friend : "  Much care must be taken . This thing is heating up . " Godoy , who represents the state of Michoacan , already faces federal charges for allegedly helping the cartel , which is active in his area . He currently has immunity from arrest because of his status as a lawmaker , but he could lose that . On Thursday , Godoy responded to the recordings , calling them part of a broad smear campaign . Godoy , who was elected last year , failed to appear Friday at a congressional committee hearing meant to address his alleged cartel ties . He sent word his mother was ill and is now expected to appear Monday . Thursday , he spoke briefly to reporters . He never specifically denied the voice in the recording was his . Godoy accused the government of leaking the tapes to discredit him . As it can not prove its case against him in court , the government will try to win it politically , Godoy said . "  It all has to do with a political persecution against me , " he said .	W Radio identifies the voices in the taped conversation as those of Godoy and Gomez The station does not say how it got the recording An official at the attorney general 's office says the voices in the tape are authentic Godoy , a congressman , says the recording is part of a smear campaign
CNN  -- The mystery behind the peculiar inscriptions "  Out of the Blue " and "  True Blue " which first appeared on Sauber engine covers at the Chinese Grand Prix has finally been revealed . The Swiss Formula One team has joined forces with English football club Chelsea in an innovative marketing ploy aimed at attracting a global audience -- and boost sponsorship . It 's the first such partnership between the sports , and from next week 's Spanish Grand Prix all Sauber cars will be emblazoned with the slogan "  Welcome Chelsea FC . " Chelsea , owned by Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich , already has an international fanbase but can now also capitalize on the following of Sauber 's drivers -- Mexican Sergio Perez and Kamui Kobayashi of Japan . Likewise , the Sauber logo will soon be plastered on advertising boards at Chelsea 's Stamford Bridge stadium in London and on walls in the club 's interview areas . The multi-million-dollar organizations will share merchandise sales , advertising space and even sports scientists . "  A partnership like this between Formula One and football has never existed before in this form , yet there are numerous commonalities and possible synergies . In either case we are talking about team sport at the highest -- and international -- level , " said Sauber chief executive Monisha Kaltenborn . "  The Sauber F1 team and Chelsea FC are dealing with many of the same sporting and commercial topics and we want to strengthen each other in these areas . We are looking forward to exploiting these opportunities . " F1 fans will get their first live glimpse of the new Sauber C3Is stamped with the Chelsea logo at the Circuit De Catalunya from May 11-13 . "  We felt that this Swiss team , the fourth oldest of the existing teams , reflects our own ideals perfectly , " Chelsea chief executive Ron Gourlay said . "  In a year when Chelsea celebrates 20 seasons as a Premier League team , Sauber does so as a Formula One team . We share many philosophies when it comes to how the respective organizations are run , from the development of young talent to constantly striving for success . "  Sauber 's philosophy towards grassroots development has produced some of the best drivers in F1 , which mirrors our dedication to develop promising young football talent through our academy . Abramovich has bankrolled Chelsea since buying it in 2003 , but the club now has to start paying its own way under European football 's new financial fair play rules . "  This partnership will benefit us both greatly , with the potential to create unique commercial opportunities , " Gourlay said . "  It is a shared vision to unite the two most attractive sports in the world . "	Sauber F1 cars bear Chelsea FC "  teasers " at China and Bahrain grands prix The sports organizations join forces in a ground-breaking marketing partnership They hope to appeal to an international audience and boost sponsorship Deal includes shared merchandise sales , advertising space and sports scientists
House Republicans are hoping the third time is a charm in their effort to sue President Barack Obama over his signature health care law . After two Washington law firms backed out of earlier commitments to represent House Republicans in their legal challenge , House Speaker John Boehner hired Jonathan Turley on Tuesday . Turley is a George Washington professor who is an expert on constitutional law and well known to cable TV viewers as a legal analyst . "  Professor Turley is a renowned legal scholar who agrees that President Obama has clearly overstepped his Constitutional authority . He is a natural choice to handle this lawsuit , " Boehner 's spokesman Michael Steel said in a written statement . Obamacare 's next fight for survival House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi criticized the move to continue the legal effort and referred to Turley as "  a TV lawyer " in a press conference Tuesday . Pelosi has criticized Boehner 's office for using taxpayer funds to pay for the litigation . The Democratic Leader told reporters she hoped the latest announcement on the lawsuit was in response to internal Republican politics , and that the legal fight was n't a sign that GOP leaders are n't interested in working across the aisle . The House voted mostly along party lines in July to approve a lawsuit against the President for unilaterally making changes to Obamacare . Although many Republicans backed the delays the administration approved last year , they maintained it was Congress ' job to change the law . But House Republicans have had trouble retaining a firm because of the political blowback on the issue . Obama confident as new enrollment opens at HealthCare.gov The House 's Office of General Counsel will represent the House in court , but the resolution that passed this summer gives the Speaker the authority to hire outside lawyers to finalize the legal strategy and file a formal complaint . Some are suggesting the GOP case be broadened to respond to any executive action the President takes on immigration . Beyond the political concerns , many constitutional experts have raised doubts that federal courts will take up the Obamacare case pushed by the GOP-controlled House . The legal burden will be on the House to demonstrate it was damaged as an institution by the President 's actions . Rubio , Ryan crafting Obamacare alternative The Supreme Court may rule on the controversial health care law before the House case makes its way through the system . Earlier this month the high court announced it would consider a challenge to the law that on the tax credits that many Americans use to subsidize health plans they purchase on the federal health exchange .	John Boehner has hired Jonathan Turley a lawyer for House Republicans Turley is the third firm to represent the GOP case to sue Obama over his health care law
Gaza  CNN  -- With just 72 hours of calm under the current cease-fire , Palestinians are rushing to try to fix some of the worst of the destruction caused by the conflict in Gaza . Among the most urgent problems : sewage pipes that have been spewing raw effluent for weeks , a lack of clean water and severe power shortages . Aid groups are distributing basic supplies like mattresses and bottles of water . But as Palestinian and Israeli officials hold indirect talks in Cairo to seek a more lasting end to hostilities , residents of Gaza are confronting the longer-term question of how the territory can rebuild . More than 60 construction industry companies , which provide crucial building materials , were hit by Israeli strikes , according to Palestinian officials . ` They destroyed our business ' Hatem Hassouna 's factory made pavers for roads and concrete ready mix for buildings . "  You ca n't rebuild Gaza again until these kind of factories rebuild , " he said as he stood amid the building 's wreckage . Hassouna said he does n't know why his factory was a target -- he sold only to the United Nations and aid groups . All of it , he said , was closely monitored by Israeli authorities . The Israeli military said it was looking into why the construction factory was hit . "  We are not following Hamas policies , we are following Israeli policies , " Hassouna said . "  They destroyed our business , they destroyed our factories . And they want peace ? How ? " Last month , Israel began its offensive against Hamas , the militant Islamic group that holds power in Gaza , in an effort to stop rocket fire across the border . It later sent in ground troops with the aim of destroying Hamas ' network of tunnels , some of which extend into Israel and have been used to launch attacks . Over 100,000 homeless The need for reconstruction following weeks of heavy fighting is pressing . The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs estimates that 16,700 homes in Gaza were destroyed or severely damaged in more than a month of fighting , leaving more than 100,000 people homeless . Residents say Israeli strikes flattened entire neighborhoods , like the one where Ayman Karfana and his family lived . "  I do n't even know where my house is , " he said . "  Where is the road ? Where is my neighbor 's home ? " The U.N. estimates that rebuilding the homes in the impoverished territory will cost more than $ 455 million . Limits on imports The reconstruction issue plays into the talks in Cairo between Israeli and Palestinian delegations . Israel says the rebuilding of Gaza should be linked with demilitarization of the territory , which Hamas opposes . Hamas says it wants , among other things , the lifting of Israeli restrictions on the movement of people and goods in and out of Gaza . Israeli authorities say the measures are necessary to prevent weapons being brought in . Israel limits imports of construction materials into Gaza . The Israeli military says that Hamas used much of the materials that were allowed in to build more tunnels rather than civil projects like schools , hospitals and libraries . Israel : Halt to violence is key Israel would be willing to ease sanctions "  if all aggression from Gaza stops , " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said Monday . "  I believe if the Palestinians -- if Hamas -- ceases violence , ceases to target Israeli citizens , then anything is possible , " he said . The Palestinian delegation includes representatives from several factions , including Hamas , Islamic Jihad and Fatah , the group that governs the West Bank . Hamas officials have said the current round of Egyptian-mediated talks are crucial , suggesting it 's the last time they 'll be willing to participate . The truce began early Monday and is due to end early Thursday . Talks during a previous 72-hour cease-fire last week failed to yield a breakthrough . That truce ended Friday with a resumption of attacks . The U.N. said Monday that 1,960 Palestinians have been killed during the conflict ; 71 % of them were civilians . Israeli officials say 64 Israeli soldiers died , and three civilians were killed . CNN 's John Vause reported from Gaza , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Samira Said and Saima Mohsin also contributed to this report .	More than 60 construction companies in Gaza were hit during the conflict Business owner : "  You ca n't rebuild Gaza again until these kind of factories rebuild " Indirect talks between Israelis and Palestinians are taking place in Cairo The talks are taking place amid a three-day cease-fire brokered by Egypt
CNN  -- Juan Martin Del Potro put on hold Roger Federer 's hopes of qualifying for the ATP World Tour Finals by inflicting a second straight defeat on the Swiss maestro in the final of his hometown tournament in Basel . Third seed Federer needed to win Sunday 's showdown to seal his place in the end of season showpiece in London next month for the 12th consecutive time , but came up short in a three set encounter . Top seed Del Potro , who will be a dangerous outsider in the British capital , won 7-6 2-6 6-4 in two hours 20 minutes , denying former World No. 1 Federer his sixth title in the event and repeating his 2012 victory over him in the title match . The Argentine won a tight first set which saw them exchange breaks before it went to a tiebreaker which Del Potro took 7-3 . Federer , who recently parted with coach Paul Annacone after a disappointing 2013 , hit back to level the match as two breaks of service gave him the second set . But he fell an early break down in the decider -- serving up two double faults in the same game -- and was unable to retrieve the situation as former U.S. Open champion Del Potro took his fourth title of the season . "  I 'm sorry again to beat you here , " he said apologetically at the trophy presentation . "  He 's the hero here and for me my biggest inspiration . "  You make history at every tournament you play . I 'm proud to be playing at the same time as you . " The 32-year-old Federer must now beat South Africa 's Kevin Anderson or Russian Mikhail Youzhny in his second round match at the Paris Masters next week to reach the finals . It would enable him to tie Ivan Lendl 's record for successive appearances in the finale of the men 's season where he would be bidding for his seventh victory in the event , his last in 2011 with a final loss to Novak Djokovic in 2012 . Meanwhile , Zouzhny showed he is in fine form heading into Paris with a 6-3 7-5 victory over top seed and three time defending champion David Ferrer of Spain in the final of the ATP tournament in Valencia .	Juan Martin Del Potro wins ATP tournament in Basel Beats home favorite Roger Federer in three set final Federer must wait to clinch place in ATP World Tour Finals Mikhail Youzhny beats David Ferrer in Valencia final
CNN  -- The race is on to locate the latest Banksy on the streets of New York . The work shows a dog urinating on a fire hydrant -- with a thought bubble above the hydrant reading "  You complete me . " This is the third piece by the mysterious street artist to appear this week . The first depicted two boys reaching up to a sign which said "  Graffiti Is a Crime . " The second simply read "  This is my New York Accent ... normally I write like this . " Banksy authenticated the works by publishing them on his website and within hours they were located and defaced . Banksy may have started out as a graffiti artist in western England but his work now sells for millions in the coveted evening contemporary art auctions at Christie 's and Sotheby 's . His foray into the film business even earned him an Oscar nomination . Read more : Oscars wo n't let Banksy attend in disguise He 's a hugely successful artist and crucially he knows how to manage his brand . Banksy knows that his reputation was made on street corners , not in establishment hang-outs like the auction rooms of London and New York . New York ` residency ' He regularly reminds us of his roots , as with his latest project in New York which his long serving PR , Jo Brooks , describes as : "  A month-long residency on streets of New York . " Read more : Banksy mural torn from wall , up for auction Banksy is painting images on walls , taking photographs and publishing them on Instagram and his own website . It 's art but it 's also a treasure hunt -- a race to locate the work before the vandals . Next to each piece is a toll-free number that the finder can call to receive an audio commentary of the work whilst standing in front of it . Banksy was an early adopter of social media . It was the perfect tool to allow him to communicate directly with fans whilst also protecting his anonymity . He 's using Instagram because it does n't matter where you are , you can see what 's going on . The more traditional use of a toll-free number is intended to make it feel like you 're in a museum . The lingering question is : Will anyone locate Banksy himself and publish that picture on Instagram ? Well I 've been trying for years . Apparently I 've even met him without knowing it . But this month I hand the task over to New Yorkers ... Read more : Street vs public art	Banksy started out as a graffiti artist in western England but his work now sells for millions He is in New York for what his spokesperson says is a "  month-long residency . " Banksy is painting images , taking photos and publishing them on Instagram and his website . Finders of the works can phone a toll-free number to get a commentary on them .
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Speculation about vice presidential picks is heating up . As it has become increasingly clear that Mitt Romney will win the Republican nomination , there has been all kinds of chatter about who he will pick to run with him on the ticket . There has even been some talk about whether President Obama would consider replacing Vice President Biden with another running mate if Democrats felt their campaign needed more juice . HBO 's film version of the book "  Game Change " offers a powerful reminder of the perils that come from making a bad choice . The conventional wisdom stipulates that vice presidential selections will rarely help a candidate win an election , but the wrong choice can be devastating . With John McCain in 2008 this was certainly true . Although there were many factors that led to Barack Obama 's victory , picking Palin severely weakened his campaign . Vice presidential picks are not an opportunity to make a game change , at least in a positive direction . When McCain turned to Palin , he did so in an effort to overcome many of his perceived weaknesses against candidate Obama -- his inability to attract the base of his party , fears that he would appear to look like the "  older " candidate in the race , as well as the concern that he was a less charismatic candidate in the eyes of the media . Clearly the Palin pick backfired . What can Romney and others learn from this episode ? The first lesson is that vice presidential picks should be boring . In the end , Mitt Romney must overcome his weaknesses as a candidate by what he does on the campaign trail , not by who he picks as his running mate . Having the right person stand beside you rarely will change the way the public sees you . But calling on the wrong person can draw all the focus away from the campaign 's main themes and raise serious concerns about the competence of the candidate . Very often , less than exciting candidates -- Dick Cheney in 2000 , Sen. Al Gore in 1992 or George H.W. Bush in 1980 -- turned out to be perfect primarily because they did n't cause much of a stir . When it comes to vice presidential candidates , less attention is better . A second lesson is that candidates must make sure that their running mate can handle the national spotlight in the modern media age . It 's far different to be a rock star in Anchorage than it is in Washington . With all the outlets for news today , with cable television , the Internet and social media constantly finding and supplying information , it is very difficult to contain charges or gaffes before they go viral . And despite all the criticism that our current politics are shallow , the fact is that competence can matter very much when candidates stand before the media . When Palin stumbled in her interviews on national television about basic foreign policy questions , the media immediately exposed her flaws . Katie Couric 's questions did huge damage to Palin in 2008 in a manner that most Democrats could only have dreamed of doing . A third lesson is that appealing to the party 's base during the general election is not always the best move to make . After all , Romney 's chief asset remains the fact that he is the moderate Republican in the campaign , the Republican who has the best chance to win over independents and disaffected moderate Democrats in November . It is difficult for a candidate to pick someone as a running mate who is far to the right but still maintains credibility with centrist voters . The vice presidential nominee can quickly drag the main candidate to the right , as McCain learned . When Palin made an increasingly strident appeal to the right , lambasting Obama as a radical leftist and even someone who was un-American , the tone of the entire McCain campaign changed . The most dramatic moment came when McCain literally felt the need to take the microphone back at a rally and correct a woman who said that Obama was "  an Arab . " But by then it was too late . Many loyal Republicans privately admitted that they could n't vote for their candidate with Palin on the ticket . One of McCain 's biggest potential virtues -- his appeal to moderates -- was gone . The best way for Romney to win over the base will be to run a strong campaign as the candidate he is . In the recent primaries in Maryland , The Hill reported that Romney was finally gaining traction with Tea Party Republicans without achieving any huge transformation of his image . The final lesson is less negative . McCain was correct when he decided , like Bush before him , that choosing a vice president from a particular region was no longer decisive . Long gone are the days when John F. Kennedy , from Massachusetts , picked Lyndon Johnson of Texas as a running mate to win southern votes . Now candidates think nationally , focusing on how a vice presidential choice will complement their national campaign and strengthen positive perceptions that voters have . While in Palin 's case the choice did not work out , this is the way that Romney must think about his selection , just as Obama did when he picked Biden from the small state of Delaware . Overall , Romney needs to pick someone who voters feel could handle the presidency in an emergency and , perhaps even more importantly , someone who wo n't derail the campaign strategy . Otherwise , like McCain , Romney might end up making the wrong kind of game changing decision . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer says candidates sometimes seek a VP to make up for their weaknesses He says vice presidential nominees should not become the focus of media attention VP choices must be up to the task of dealing with reporter questions , he says Zelizer : If Romney picks someone to appease party base , he could alienate moderates
Washington  CNN  -- Just hours after an ISIS spokesman called on the group 's foreign fighters to carry out attacks on coalition countries led by the United States in the battle against the terrorist group , a senior Obama administration official warned the international community is not prepared to respond to such threats . "  We 're not structured that way effectively right now " to respond to that kind of call , the official said . President Obama hopes to "  galvanize " international efforts to deal with the foreign fighter threat during his trip to the United Nations General Assembly in New York this week . "  It sends a very powerful signal that this is an item of the highest urgency , " said a senior administration official , who described the danger posed by foreign fighters as "  extremely worrying . " The Obama administration is confident a new binding resolution aimed at preventing and tracking the travel of foreign fighters will be adopted at this week 's U.N. Security Council meeting . The meeting will be chaired by Obama , marking only the second time he has presided over a Security Council session during his time in office . Nations signing on to the agreement would be bound to new common law enforcement practices , officials said . However , there is no enforcement mechanism to guarantee that countries abide by the resolution . "  I think we are very confident that this will be adopted this week , " said a senior administration official . Part of the problem with the international response to traveling foreign fighters is the lack of coordinated counterterrorism measures among countries , senior administration officials said . At the moment the U.S. intelligence community believes there are 15,000 foreign fighters from 80 countries who are fighting alongside ISIS and other similar terror groups . Some 2,000 of those fighters are believed to be European . A senior administration official offered some nuanced detail about the 100 Americans who fit into the same foreign fighter category . That official said those 100 Americans are believed to be people who are either on the ground in the region fighting for ISIS or who have already returned to the U.S. and are now under surveillance by law enforcement . The White House is planning an upcoming summit to confront the threat posed by foreign fighters inspired by ISIS , a senior administration official said Monday . The Countering Violent Extremism Summit would take place at the White House , senior administration officials said at a background briefing with reporters . The event is another one of the key deliverables the Obama administration is expecting to nail down at this week 's General Assembly .	ISIS has called on its foreign fighters to attack countries that join coalition led by U.S. Official : International community "  not structured ... right now " to respond to such a threat At U.N. this week , Obama hopes to "  galvanize " international efforts against ISIS Senior official calls danger posed by foreign fighters "  extremely worrying "
CNN  -- A New Jersey man was arrested this month after authorities determined he had taken explosives onto a commuter train several days earlier , court documents show . Authorities say their investigation determined that Mykyta Panasenko , 27 , carried two improvised explosive devices aboard a Suffern , New York-bound New Jersey transit train on April 7 . A criminal complaint filed on April 15 , when Panasenko was arrested , indicates that the devices were constructed "  from a cylinder containing Pyrodex , " a form of black powder . Common uses for black powder include as gunpowder in muzzle-loading guns , as a blasting powder and as a propellant in rockets for fireworks . Panasenko did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . But he told the New York Daily News , "  They were fireworks . " Panasenko , who was released on his own recognizance following his arrest , said when FBI agents questioned him , he told them he had no bad intentions and did not know the devices were illegal . "  Obviously , it was a bad idea " to take them on the train , he told the newspaper . Contrary to some media reports , Panasenko was not arrested on the train , and no completed explosive devices were recovered on the train or in Panasenko 's home , according to a news release from the Jersey City Police Department . Officers did , however , recover components of an explosive device at his home , according to Gene Rubino , spokesman for the Hudson County Prosecutor 's Office . He did not comment on what officials believe became of the devices Panasenko is alleged to have taken on the train . Panasenko "  did recklessly create a risk of widespread injury or damage to a building " by constructing the devices at his home , Rubino said . The FBI and other federal and state agencies have been notified about the case , according to Rubino . Panasenko is being charged with possession of a prohibited device and creating a risk of widespread damage . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Police say a New Jersey man carried explosives on a commuter train Mykyta Panasenko was arrested a week after the alleged incident Components of an explosive device were found at his home , police say
Cleveland , Ohio  CNN  -- Candles in hand and singing hymns , hundreds of Cleveland residents stunned by the discovery of 11 bodies in a local home gathered outside the house Sunday night to remember the victims . But Inez Fortson , whose daughter Telacia was among the dead , said she could barely stand to look at the home . "  It 's hard , because I want to burn it down , " she said . "  I know my baby was in there , and she got killed in there , " Fortson added . "  I know what other people feel like when they lost a child . I did n't , but I do now . That was my only daughter . " Telacia Fortson , 31 , had three children , ages 2 , 4 and 6 , her mother said . She had last been seen in June . Her body was among the first identified in the home of Anthony Sowell , who is now facing five counts of aggravated murder , rape , felonious assault and kidnapping in connection with the deaths . All of those found dead were African-American women . A Cuyahoga County judge has set bail at $ 5 million for Sowell , a registered sex offender who served 15 years in prison for a 1989 attempted rape case . He was released from jail in 2005 . "  Whenever I see him on TV or think about him , I have to pray , " Fortson said . "  Because I believe that one day , I 'll have to forgive him for what he 's done . But right now , I ca n't , because I 'm numb . " About 500 people joined the march , which followed a packed memorial service at the neighborhood 's Mount Olive Missionary Baptist Church . The turnout "  means that people do care , " Fortson said . "  There is a little compassion in the world . " Mount Olive pastor Larry Harris Sr. , who led the memorial service , called the Sowell home a house of "  horror . " "  It brings trembling to the bones to think about what all went on right here , " he said . Sowell has been placed on a suicide watch at the request of his attorney , according to Sowell 's public defender Kathleen DeMetz . A psychiatric evaluation has been ordered but it 's unlikely to happen until after the case goes before a grand jury , the next expected step in the case . Police recovered the first bodies after they went to Sowell 's home to follow up on a rape accusation . Last month , neighbors reported seeing a naked woman fall from the second floor , but no charges were filed . Neighbors called 911 after the October 20 incident . Firefighters and paramedics responded , and later notified police . The woman told officers that she was at the home and "  partying , " when she fell off the roof . Allen Sowell , the suspect 's half-brother , told CNN he last saw his brother more than 20 years ago . Their stepmother , who lived in the house after Anthony Sowell got out of prison , said she knew of nothing odd going on at the time , Allen Sowell said . The stepmother tried to get Anthony Sowell evicted from the house in 2007 because he was n't paying rent , Allen Sowell said . Anthony Sowell said he should n't have to pay rent on a house that belonged to his father , who died in 2004 , and remained in the house when his stepmother had to be hospitalized in 2007 , his half-brother said . Agents from the FBI 's Behavioral Science Unit are assisting Cleveland police , Cleveland FBI spokesman Scott Wilson said . The agents are preparing a profile of Sowell for police , tracing his life and habits , and his DNA will be entered into a national database to see whether it can be linked to any unsolved crimes . Allen Sowell said he was aware of his half-brother 's prison record , but "  just could n't fathom " the accusations now facing him . "  I did n't think he was in that bad of a mental state , " Allen Sowell said . "  You never think it would happen to your family . It 's a horrible feeling . " At 66 , Allen Sowell is 16 years older than his half-brother , and the two did n't meet until Anthony Sowell was 9 . He added , "  He deserves whatever he gets from the justice system . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	After vigil , ministers walk to Anthony Sowell home , where 11 bodies were found Sowell is on suicide watch in jail ; charged with murder , rape , other felonies Seven of 11 bodies have been identified ; all were African-American women
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Major League Baseball season begins Thursday and Opening Day will be full of sights , sounds , smells ... and stains . Fans love to watch the cat-and-mouse game between the pitcher and hitter or the wonderful defense dance of a 6-4-3 double play . Still others watch the players get dirty with ground-in dirt and grass stains and wonder , "  How do they get those uniforms looking so brand new for the next day ? " To answer this tough question , I went to the people who would know best : "  clubbies . " A clubbie is the nickname for the guys who work in the clubhouses . They 're in charge of things like making sure the players ' gear is ready to use and that the uniforms look good for the next game . "  The process used to be just spraying some kind of a detergent right directly onto the fabric itself and scrubbing the heck out of it and causing it to look like some kind of a fur or something , " said Mitch Poole , clubhouse manager for the Los Angeles Dodgers . "  It was very labor intensive , too . " I asked Poole whose uniform they dreaded most ? Who is the dirtiest guy on the team ? "  We do n't like to talk about it , but his initials are James Loney , " laughed Poole . "  He 's hard to figure out . " "  We have to put that tape that police put around dead bodies around his laundry , " he joked . I searched out first baseman Loney and found him on the way to the batting cage for a little pregame batting practice . I felt a little bit like a stoolie when I told him what Poole said about him : that he 's the dirtiest guy on the team . "  Probably , " Loney said proudly . "  I got ta get dirty , you know , playing defense over there , getting on the bases . There are guys who give false hustle and they got false dirt , " he said . He explained that false hustle and false dirt happen when a player who is stretching gets a little dirt on his uniform and then acts like he got that stain from a hustle play . "  But I 'm legit , " Loney said . So how do you get a uniform like James Loney 's clean ? First , it 's a matter of understanding baseball-specific stains . They are called nature stains : grass , ground-in dirt , blood and sweat . Grass stains are probably the toughest . Grass contains a green dye called chlorophyll . So , in fact , the stain from grass is actually a chlorophyll stain . If you combine that with ground-in dirt or red clay , which is used a lot in infields , you have one nasty stain . The detergents and soaps that break up the surface tension of the water are called surfactants . They allow the detergent to quickly penetrate the cloth . Then the agitation of the machine helps to emulsify , or surround , the dirt so it wo n't go back into the clothes . Much of this depends on the electrical charges in the water and the detergent . But if the stains do n't come completely out , you have to resort to using Poole 's ancient pretreat , brush and flush method . "  We did it that way for , shoot , 24 years at least , " Poole said . Then , during a road trip to Phoenix about four years ago , Poole was talking with the clubhouse manager from the Arizona Diamondbacks and discovered the team used a new product , "  Slide Out . " It 's an industrial stain remover specifically made for Major League Baseball by Perry Best and his partner , chemist Mark Simmons . The two men were in the cleaning business and heard how clubs used all different types of pretreatments and other products to get the uniforms clean . So they formed their own company , Brody Chemical , and set out to develop a better cleaning product . Poole said what they came up with , Slide Out , is to him a miracle product . "  It 's a two-part process " Poole said . "  Slide Out one -- a real dark purplish-brown liquid that goes on and it permeates into your fabric . And when you do it you think you 're crazy because there is no way this is going to come out because I just made a big mess , " he said . "  Then there 's Slide Out No. 2 , which is a clear liquid that when it goes right onto the fabric and the chemical it turns it pretty much white . It takes everything out . It takes all the dirt , all the soil , all the metals that are in there and just pulls it right out . " Best would not say what the secret ingredient might be , if there is one , but he did say the product would be available for consumers soon . So , mom and dad can look forward to having their kids ' uniforms looking major-league clean every game .	Clubbies get ready for Thursday 's Opening Day in baseball by cleaning uniforms Dirt and grass stains are the hardest to remove L.A. Dodgers clubhouse manager names James Loney as player with dirtiest uniform First baseman Loney says he gets dirty hustling while playing defense
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- Searchers on Monday suspended efforts to find three mountaineers still missing in Nepal after an avalanche swept down Manaslu mountain , sending climbers -- some still in their tents -- tumbling hundreds of feet down the world 's eighth-highest peak . "  The mission is over for now , " rescue coordinator Mingma Sherpa said Monday . Rescuers think the climbers might be dead . If true , the death toll from the Sunday incident would be 11 . For now , officials have confirmed eight deaths : four French citizens , one German , one Italian , one Nepali and one Spanish . Twelve climbers were injured , said Binod Singh , a Nepali police spokesman . The avalanche , which struck around 5 a.m. Sunday , was most likely caused by a piece of ice the size of six or seven football fields that fell from a glacier above the camp , said Christian Trommsdorff , vice president of the National Syndicate of High Mountain Guides in Chamonix , France . One of the survivors , Frenchman Arnaud Manel , said Monday that he was in a tent with two other people when large amounts of snow began to fall on it . He said he managed to break the icy tent open and get out , and then rolled for what he thought was about 200 meters  655 feet  in the snow . "  When I stopped rolling , I was neck deep in snow , " said Manel , a 42-year-old surgeon . "  I was only wearing a T-shirt . I could n't breathe . " He said enough of the snow around him melted to allow him to clamber out . He said that he managed to save one friend , but that another , buried deeper in the snow , died . Another survivor , American Glen Plake , was inside his tent reading Bible verses when the avalanche swept 300 meters  985 feet  down the mountain , according to Trey Cook , the editor in chief of EpicTV.com . He spoke with Cook by satellite phone . EpicTV.com makes films about skiing , climbing and other adventure sports . Plake said that when he stopped moving , he was still in his sleeping bag , in his tent and was still wearing the headlamp he 'd been using to read . Plake lost a few front teeth and suffered an eye injury , Cook said . Plake had planned to descend from the summit on skis without the aid of oxygen , according to Cook . The avalanche struck two camping areas for mountaineers , one at 6,600 meters  21,650 feet  , and another about 500 meters  1,640 feet  below , according to Yograj Kadel of Simrik Air , which participated in the rescue efforts . The mountain is 8,163 meters  26,780 feet  high . Cook said Plake told him that the avalanche destroyed all 25 tents at one of the camping zones and bashed and moved 12 tents in the other . Two French expeditions were on the mountain when the avalanche struck , a French Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said . Two French climbers were among the missing , she said . Among those confirmed dead was Marti Gasull of Spain , described by the nonprofit Pro-Language Platform in Barcelona as one of the leading Catalan language activists in the country . "  He had a passion for the mountains . He was committed to the Catalan culture and language and admired for his human side and his commitment to our country , " the group said in a posting on its website . Kenton Cool , a mountain climber from England who reached the summit of Manaslu in 2010 , told CNN that the weather during the post-monsoon season can be unsettled . His friends on the mountain told him that in the past 10 days or so , there had been "  quite high levels of snow on the mountain , " he said . Teams normally wait for new snow to settle before leaving camp . Cool , who said Manaslu had a "  fearsome reputation , " predicted that searchers will have a hard time finding some of the people still on the mountain . The area where the avalanche happened is the site of large crevasses . "  It will be hard to know exactly where everyone was , " he said . "  It will be hard to find the bodies , let alone retrieve them . " According to Nepal tourism officials , 231 foreign mountaineers from 25 teams were attempting to climb the mountain in the autumn season that ends in November . Avalanche disaster revives fears about Nepal 's crowded mountains	NEW : Rescue coordinators believe three missing climbers are dead , suspend operations NEW : "  The mission is over for now , " rescue coordinator says Eight people are confirmed dead in the Sunday avalanche on Manaslu A French survivor says he found himself "  neck deep in snow "
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A huge man-made island shaped like a date palm tree opened Thursday off the coast of Dubai with a celebrity-studded gala and a three-day party . The island officially opens with a spectacular fireworks display . The Palm Jumeirah increased Dubai 's shoreline by 100 percent after work started on it in 2001 . It features resort hotels , homes , luxury shopping and entertainment . Though the entire island officially opened Thursday , parts of it already opened weeks ago -- including the Atlantis , The Palm , a sister to the Atlantis resort in the Bahamas . The Atlantis played host to the opening celebration Thursday night . Stars including Oprah Winfrey , Michael Jordan , Robert De Niro , Janet Jackson and the Duchess of York were in attendance . Pop star Kylie Minogue performed at the party . Bollywood star Priyanka Chopra started what was billed as the world 's largest-ever fireworks display , with more than 100,000 pyrotechnic devices . When work on the island began , a team of Dutch engineers were employed to create the Palm by using a technique called rainbowing -- a vessel dredging sand from the seabed and spraying and piling it onto the desired area and into the requested shape .	The Palm Jumeirah man-made island officially opens off Dubai The island of luxury shops , hotels , entertainment doubled Dubai coastline Robert De Niro , Janet Jackson and the Duchess of York at opening party
Devices are getting cheaper and Internet access is slowly becoming universal , but how we use it is broken and needs to change . That is the view of acclaimed computer scientist and inventor of the world wide web , Sir Tim Berners-Lee , who offered his insights on the future of his offspring exclusively to CNN Smart Business following an event hosted by Sapient Nitro . Information needs to be regulated and controlled , especially our health data . "  Some information needs to be locked down . Medical information needs to be protected and not given away to the wrong people , only hospitals . But the people who have access to that information -- including doctors -- need to be accountable and that data needs to be tracked . " Business will need to practice greater transparency "  It 's up to each business about how it develops . Large companies can learn to be more transparent internally and externally , with some limitations . " Banks need to practice better security "  Banks encourage bad habits by asking for passwords on the phone -- they should ask consumers to call back on the number on the back of the card instead of asking you for your security details . " Pixels will get smaller "  Screen higher resolutions than my eyes . Stereo can sound like an orchestra I want to experience when I ca n't tell the difference between the wind blowing through a meadow and one which you can share . When you put me in my personal cave , I want the hi-fi to sound like a real orchestra . " Public data is important and we will have more access to it "  In private , it is enterprise data -- about your company if you did n't have a website you did n't exist . When all the buying is done by computer -- its not going to be websites you want -- it 'll be data . " There will be a need for an Internet bill of rights to protect users "  People have the right to see how their data is being used . " Watch : Duo makes music licensing simple	Sir Tim Berners-Lee , credited as the inventor of the world wide web , shares his thoughts on the future of the internet Data and privacy are among the key concerns that will shape how users interact with the internet , according to Berners-Lee Devices will be cheaper , pixels will get smaller but human brains wo n't get smarter , says Burners-Lee
London , England  CNN  -- British premier Gordon Brown 's offer to step down as part of a deal to entice the Liberal Democrats into a coalition government with Labour rather than David Cameron 's Conservatives provoked a mixed reaction in the UK press Tuesday . In a statement outside Downing Street Monday , Brown announced he would stand down as Labour leader in the autumn and allow a contest for his replacement to begin now . "  Gordon Brown at last wielded his great clunking fist yesterday that Tony Blair had predicted would halt the Conservative advance on Downing Street , " declared The Times . "  After four days of watching a clumsy courtship between David Cameron and Nick Clegg , the Prime Minister timed his announcement to cause maximum trouble . " UK parties look to resolve deadlock It added that Brown knew his continued occupancy of Downing Street would be an impediment to any hope of Labour remaining in power and that "  over the weekend , even his closest allies had privately conceded that there was no real prospect of Brown remaining the Labour leader for long . " "  Squat a mess , " exclaimed The Sun -- an influential tabloid and stable-mate of the Times in the Rupert Murdoch-owned Newscorp empire -- which had switched its allegiance to David Cameron before the election . In a scathing attack , it claimed the "  squatter PM 's bombshell had plunged the country into deep political chaos -- with no new government now expected for days . " The Daily Mail , considered the most right-wing of the major UK titles , described Brown 's offer to quit as "  a squalid day for democracy , " and added that many of Labour 's old guard openly condemned the prospect of a "  shabby deal with the Liberal Democrats that would deny the keys of Downing Street to David Cameron . " "  I believe it will lead to a lack of legitimacy , and I think the British people will feel that we have not heard what they said to us , " former Home Secretary David Blunkett was quoted as saying . It added that Brown ally Peter Mandelson and Tony Blair 's former spin doctor Alistair Campbell were the architects of Labour 's "  audacious " plan , and accused Nick Clegg and his Liberal Democrat party of "  double-dealing " by meeting Labour figures over the weekend despite their formal dealings with the Conservatives . The Telegraph labeled Brown 's plan "  a very Labour coup " that had outflanked Cameron as he prepared to enter Number 10 . It said Labour was attempting to "  exploit the Tories ' reluctance to offer the Lib Dems far-reaching voting reform . " Labour offered to hold a referendum asking voters if they want a proportional representation voting system -- a key issue for the Liberal Democrats . The left-leaning Guardian said Brown 's "  last card " had panicked the Conservatives into making an "  extraordinary " counter-offer to the Lib Dems : a referendum on the alternative vote electoral system and a coalition government with seats for Nick Clegg 's party in the cabinet . This "  hurried Tory offer , previously seen as completely beyond the ideological pale for the party , was swallowed by shell-shocked Tory MPs , " it said . "  For the greater Gord , " was the effusive response from the Labour-supporting Mirror , as it painted a selfless picture of a prime minister who had "  fallen on his sword " for the good of the country .	Gordon Brown announced he would stand down as Labour leader in the autumn The Sun , Daily Mail scathing about Labour plan and Liberal Democrats ' "  double dealing " Guardian , Telegraph said the announcement had caught out the Conservatives
CNN  -- Heavy snow in northern and central China has killed 21 people since Monday , the country 's Ministry of Civil Affairs said Friday , according to state-run media . Xinhua news agency said the ministry did not provide the causes of the deaths , except to note that two school canteens had collapsed in Hebei and Henan provinces since Wednesday , killing four children . The snow began to fall Monday on northern and central Chinese provinces , including Hebei , Shanxi , Henan , Shandong , Hubei and Shaanxi , and Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region , Xinhua reported . More than 9,000 buildings have collapsed since then , Xinhua said . Citing the ministry , it said the snow has caused an estimated 4.5 billion yuan  nearly $ 660 million  in damages . The ministry said about 159,000 people have been evacuated from their homes or stranded vehicles , Xinhua reported . Civil Affairs Minister Li Xueju has ordered local authorities to provide food , water and clothing to those who are still stranded , "  and to make proper arrangements for people who lost their homes in the snow to get through the winter , " Xinhua reported . It said the Civil Affairs Ministry and the Ministry of Finance have allocated 20 million yuan  about $ 3 million  from their central budgets to Shanxi and Hebei provinces to help move those affected by the snow and to help them build houses . Heavy snow has also fallen on Beijing , but no deaths have been reported there , Xinhua said .	The snow began to fall Monday on northern and central Chinese provinces Xinhua : More than 9,000 buildings have collapsed since Monday Xinhua : Civil Affairs ministry says 159,000 people evacuated from homes , vehicles
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Large protests outside the Catalan regional Parliament in Barcelona on Wednesday left 36 people slightly injured , including 12 regional police officers , a spokeswoman for the Catalan regional ambulance service SEM told CNN . Of the 24 protesters injured , three were sent to hospital , said the spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified . The demonstrators gathered outside the Catalan Parliament to protest the debate inside on the 2011 budget , which many expect to result in further economic austerity measures in Catalonia . A spokeswoman for the Mossos regional police force said there had been injuries to protesters and the police but she could not immediately provide specifics . The Catalan regional president , Artur Mas , arrived at Parliament in a police helicopter along with several regional members of Parliament , the police spokeswoman said . But various elected politicians who entered by car or on foot to the sealed-off parliamentary grounds were jostled or heckled by the protesters , and some were spray painted with the color red , Spanish media reported . Spain is gripped by a deep economic crisis with 21 % unemployment nationwide , and 42 % unemployment for young people . The Catalan Parliament protests were seen as part of the so-called May 15 movement of demonstrations that have sprung up across Spain since last May 15 , including tent cities in some emblematic public squares in various Spanish cities . Various Spanish political leaders criticized the protesters on Wednesday for trying to disrupt the normal parliamentary activities which they said are fundamental to a democracy , Spanish media reported .	Protests leave 36 people injured in Barcelona Protesters are upset over anticipated austerity measures Spain is in an economic crisis with 21 % unemployment , 42 % among young people
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A group of 13 Salvadoran immigrants missing in southern California amid fears that they planned a cult-like mass suicide have been found alive , unhurt and upset to find they were the subjects of an extensive search . Authorities had been scouring the Palmdale area of northern Los Angeles County on horseback and by helicopter Sunday in search of the group , which included eight children between the ages of 3 and 17 , said Steve Whitmore , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . A resident spotted one of the vehicles identified in the lookout at a park and notified the sheriff 's department , he said . One woman in the group told CNN they were "  perfectly OK " and were shocked and angry to learn that such an extensive search was under way . The woman , who would not give her name , said they had been praying all night in the park , that they had done this routinely and that their husbands were aware of the practice . The search began Saturday afternoon , when the husbands of two women in the group reported them missing , the Sheriff 's Department said . One of the men said their wives were part of a "  cult-like group " and had been "  brainwashed " by its leader , and Whitmore said the wife left a purse with her husband and asked her "  to pray over " it . When the husband opened the purse , he found money , mobile phones and notes that "  talked about meeting Jesus , talked about deceased relatives soon to meet up , " Whitmore told CNN earlier Sunday . That raised concerns that the group members planned to take their own lives , he said . The husbands told investigators that the group had broken away from a Christian church in the Los Angeles area "  and formed a separate group that included both traditional and non-traditional practices and beliefs , " the Sheriff 's Department said Saturday . Its leader , whom investigators identified as Reyna Marisol Chicas , had taken her followers on a similar outing six months ago "  in the apparent belief that there was going to be a major earthquake . " Several members of the group spoke with investigators , and Chicas was held for questioning after giving deputies a false name , Whitmore said . Though no crime had been committed and the group appeared to be praying for ` honest and well-meaning things , " he said deputies had to investigate once their husbands filed missing persons reports . "  The letters themselves could be interpreted in many ways , " Whitmore said . "  Now , some of the language in it could be interpreted as saying goodbye as relatives , but that 's an interpretation . " But given the husbands ' concerns , "  It is better to overreact than underreact , " he said . CNN Correspondent Thelma Gutierrez contributed to this report .	NEW : Letters "  could be interpreted in many ways , " sheriff 's spokesman says The missing group has been found alive and unhurt A member told CNN that the group is shocked to find out about the search Two husbands had reported their fears to sheriff 's deputies on Saturday
CNN  -- It is said that the devil would never dare cross the River Tamar into Cornwall for fear of ending up as a filling in a Cornish pasty . The legend , it seems , could just be true . Here , at the very foot of Britain , every pasty is filled to the brim with ingredients , from the traditional beef to chicken tikka or pizza and chilli . Read more : Could emerging markets be Lindt 's new sweet spot ? And what began as a humble and hearty meal for tired and starving miners continues to fill local mouths as well as local industry . Today , there are some 100 pasty businesses in Cornwall together producing around 120 million Cornish pasties a year . Read more : Shipping giant looks to China to combat downturn Despite the numbers and the competition , this is a local business -- with farmers , butchers and bakers all playing a part . Around 25 % of turnover is spent back in Cornwall , which means that collectively they contribute $ 115 million to the Cornish economy . It 's a huge contribution to one of Britain 's poorest regions . Read more : Kerry CEO : Ireland as Europe 's ` gateway ' For the locals , this is a provider of year-round , full time , permanent employment . According to Cornwall Council , 13,000 jobs are related to pasty-making , and this does not include work on the farms . My visit to Ginsters , Cornwall 's largest pasty producer , is a perfect example of this . As I tour the factory , Mark Duddridge , the company 's managing director , tells me they employ 2,300 people across four manufacturing sites . The produce , he tells me proudly , is sourced from farms within a 20 mile distance . Read more : Carlsberg 's sustainability drive pays off At a bakery in the town of St. Just , where pasties are still made by hand , there is a sense of pride in every pasty that is filled and crimped . This is understandable ; after all , it is a vital lifeline for the industry and its people . Getting here has been hard work though . It has taken more than eight years for the Cornish pasty to win official recognition protection under the Europen Union 's protected food names scheme , or PGI , as it 's also known . While the scheme allows it a place among parma ham , Champagne and stilton cheese , the benefits for the region are more substantial . The new title provides European funding which helps some businesses and suppliers invest in their facilities , ultimately generating jobs . As I tuck into my pasty , I realize the potential for growth beyond the Cornish shores . In the next couple months , I am told , Warren 's Bakery will be shipping their pasties to Germany , Canada and even some Scandinavian countries . The devil may not have dared cross the River Tamar , but it seems the humble and tougher Cornish pasty is about to do just that .	Cornish pasties began as a humble and hearty meal for tired and starving miners Today 100 businesses in Cornwall produce around 120 million pasties every year The Cornish pasty has recognition under the EU 's protected food names scheme
CNN  -- Pennsylvania needs to change its law in the wake of a scandal over alleged child sexual abuse by a then-member of Penn State 's football coaching team , the governor said Sunday . A new law is needed to make sure reports of alleged child sexual abuse are made to government authorities , Tom Corbett said . "  Should the law be changed ? Absolutely , " Corbett said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " Corbett was the attorney general who began an investigation of former Penn State defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky . A 23-page grand jury report released last weekend described crimes that Sandusky allegedly committed against young boys between 1994 and 2009 -- some of them on campus , both during and after his tenure at at Penn State . Sandusky 's attorney , Joseph Amendola , has said that his client disputes the report . In 2002 , a graduate assistant allegedly saw Sandusky raping a boy in the showers of a campus athletics facility . The graduate student , Mike McQueary , informed Joe Paterno , the team 's coach at the time , according to the grand jury report . Paterno then alerted his boss , the school 's athletic director . It was years before law enforcement first learned about the allegation . Penn State Athletic Director Timothy Curley and Senior Vice President for Finance and Business Gary Schultz have been charged for failing to report the abuse to authorities and misleading investigators . Prosecutors determined that a legal duty to report the alleged abuse applied to them , but not to McQueary and Paterno . Members of both political parties "  have already introduced measures " to change the law , Corbett said when asked about Paterno . "  And we have to make sure that the change in the law is one that is effective . It 's easy enough to take a look to see what other states have done . But I 'm sure that within the next few weeks , you will probably see bills become public . "  I would n't be surprised to see if a bill was passed between now and the end of this year , " he said . McQueary , who was later promoted to a full-time assistant coach , eventually described the alleged incident in graphic detail to the grand jury . He was placed on administrative leave Friday . The grand jury report says that Schultz and Curley were "  senior staff " of the university . "  Pennsylvania 's mandatory reporting statute for suspected child abuse ... provides that when a staff member reports abuse ... the person in charge of the school or institution has the responsibility and legal obligation to report or cause such a report to be made by telephone and in writing within 48 hours " to the Department of Public Welfare , according to the report . "  An oral report should have been made to the Centre County Children and Youth Services , " it said . Pennsylvania 's Child Protective Services Law states that anyone who , in the course of employment , "  comes into contact with children shall report or cause a report to be made ... when the person has reasonable cause to suspect " that the child is a victim of abuse . The law states that when the person is required to report "  as a member of the staff of a medical or other public or private institution , school , facility or agency , that person shall immediately notify the person in charge . " The person in charge ultimately has the responsibility to report the alleged incident to government authorities . Jerry McHugh , a prominent Philadelphia attorney who represents victims of abuse but is not currently representing anyone involved in the Penn State scandal , told CNN Sunday a new law is needed to state that "  if you eyewitness the abuse , you have a direct obligation to go to law enforcement . " Legal analyst Holly Hughes told CNN that when Paterno told his boss and no report was given to the authorities , "  that is where they failed . That 's where they fall down on the job . " There is also speculation that Pennsylvania 's whistle-blower laws may apply to , and protect , McQueary . Legal analyst and civil rights attorney Avery Friedman said the case highlights the need for "  a re-examination of what is called the mandatory reporter law . " "  The argument being advanced in Pennsylvania is that as long as you tell the boss , you 're covered . And that 's where -- I think if we zero in on the issue -- where the problem is . If victims are going to be protected , you have to go to law enforcement , and that did n't happen here , " Friedman said . Outside of the legal concerns , many question why McQueary did not stop what he allegedly saw happening in the showers in 2002 . "  How does McQueary , a 28-year-old grad student , look in the showers of a facility and see a grown man raping a 10-year-old child and not instinctively grab a baseball bat and not protect this child ? How does he live with himself ? " asked Richard Hermann , legal analyst and criminal defense attorney . Before announcing his administrative leave , the university said McQueary would not coach Penn State 's Saturday football game against Nebraska due to "  multiple threats . " The newspaper Patriot-News reported Friday that McQueary told players on a brief conference call that he was in "  protective custody " at a secluded location . Paterno , meanwhile , was fired last week . The school 's Board of Trustees also ousted Graham Spanier , the school president , who had initially voiced support for Curley and Schultz following the release of the grand jury report . Corbett , who now serves as a trustee on the Penn State board , made the rounds on three Sunday political talk shows , though he cautioned that his comments were limited by legal obligations due to the ongoing investigation . Asked by "  Fox News Sunday " how the school could have allowed Sandusky 's alleged activities to continue for years , Corbett said , "  What I saw was a failure to act , and I always have said your actions speak louder than your words . " GOP presidential hopeful Rep. Michelle Bachmann , who happened to appear on "  Meet the Press " after Corbett , was asked about the scandal . "  If that was my child , " she said of the allegations , her "  automatic reaction would be , even though I 'm a small woman , I 'd want to go find that guy and beat him to a pulp . " But Bachmann said the case belongs within the state 's jurisdiction , and that she does not see a role for Congress in the response . On Saturday , tens of thousands packed Penn State 's football stadium , cheering the Nittany Lions for the first time since the graphic allegations rocked the university and led to the ouster of longtime coach Paterno , who until days ago was a beloved school icon and the winningest coach in top-level college football history . Penn State lost to Nebraska 17-14 . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : A new law should require a witness to tell law enforcement , a Pennsylvania legal expert says Gov. Corbett : A new law may pass by the end of the year Prosecutors have not charged McQueary or Paterno Bachmann : If someone raped her child , she 'd "  want to beat him to a pulp "
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- Boko Haram 's elusive leader claimed responsibility for a bombing in Nigeria 's capital of Abuja that left dozens dead , but said nothing about the group 's reported mass abduction of schoolgirls that occurred the same day as the explosion . A man claiming to be Abubakar Shekau made the comments in a video posted online on Saturday , saying the group attacked a bus station in retaliation for the what he described as the government 's collusion with the United States in the killing of Muslims . "  This is a prelude , " said the man , who wore camouflage and held an AK-47 assault rifle , in the video . In a warning to Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan , the man said : "  Let me be blunt : I am in your city , near you . Find me . " Mass abduction The video surfaced the same day that an education official said a Nigerian schoolgirl , who was among the 129 kidnapped Monday by suspected Boko Haram militants , had returned home . Even so , 84 of the girl 's classmates remain unaccounted for . A total of 45 girls are now free , according to a statement from Borno State Education Commissioner Musa Inuwa Kulo . This still unsettled situation began Monday night , when militants engaged in a battle with guards at the Government Girls Secondary School in the northeastern Nigerian town of Chibok began herding the girls onto buses and trucks and drove off , authorities said . But some of the schoolgirls managed subsequently to escape , including 14 on Friday and others on previous days , according to Kulo . This is a far cry from the Defense Ministry 's previous report that all but eight of the girls had found freedom , a claim that Nigeria 's military retracted Thursday . This retraction spurred fervent criticism of the government , with Lawan Zanna -- the father of one of the students -- blasting it as having resorted to "  blatant propaganda " by making a "  blatant lie . " What is Boko Haram ? While the mass abduction is extraordinary , violence in the region has been on the rise . That violence was on display Monday when a bomb exploded at the bus station in Abuja during rush hour , killing at least 75 people and wounding more than 100 . But nowhere has it been more prevalent that in northeastern Nigeria 's Borno , Yobe and Adamawa provinces , which have been under a state of emergency since mid-May due to persistent bloodshed there the government blames on Boko Haram . The Islamist militant group -- who name means "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language -- has bombed schools , churches and mosques ; kidnapped women and children ; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders alike . Boko Haram says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Africa 's most populous nation , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . The advocacy group Human Rights Watch claims more than 3,000 people have been killed in Boko Haram-related violence in the past five years . Who is Shekau ? Under Shekau , who took control of the group in 2009 , violence carried out by the group has flourished , according to authorities . Questions have swirled about Shekau , including whether he 's dead or alive . In recent years , the Nigerian military has touted his death , only to retract its claim after he appeared alive and vibrant in propaganda videos . He uses the alias Darul Tawheed , and analysts describe him as a ruthless loner and master of disguise . The United States has put a $ 7 million bounty on Shekau 's head . It also designated Boko Haram as a foreign terrorist network last year . The group is diffuse , and Skekau does not speak directly with members , opting to communicate through a few select confidants . This may be why Shekau made no mention of the kidnapping of the schoolgirls . CNN 's Faith Karimi and journalist Aminu Abubakar in Kano contributed to this report .	NEW : In a video , Boko Haram claims responsibility for a bombing at a bus station NEW : But the leader of the group says nothing about its kidnapping of 129 schoolgirls Government : 45 school girls are free , the fate of the rest is unknown The abduction is being blamed on the Islamist militant group Boko Haram
CNN  -- Internet attacks shut down the social networking site Twitter for about two hours on Thursday morning and caused glitches in other sites like Facebook and LiveJournal , a blogging site . Some Twitter users expressed near-panic that the site was not working properly Thursday . It 's unclear if the attacks were coordinated against the social media sites . Twitter says its site 's blackout was caused by a "  denial of service attack , " which likely means a hacker used a herd of infected computers to send bad information to the site to overwhelmed it . A post to Twitter 's blog said its Web site was back online before noon ET , but the site 's users still were reporting problems . "  We are continuing to defend against and recover from this attack , " the message from the company says . Facebook and other social networking sites appeared to be affected by Twitter 's shut-down , too . Twitter runs applications through those sites and there was speculation that the glitches were related . "  Earlier this morning , we encountered issues within our network that resulted in a short period of degraded site experience for some visitors , " said Facebook spokeswoman Kathleen Loughlin . "  No user data was at risk , and the matter is now resolved for the majority of users . We 're monitoring the situation to ensure that users continue to have the fast and reliable experience they 've come to expect from Facebook , " she said . Twitter 's site went down around 9:30 a.m. ET on Thursday and was back online by about 11:30 a.m. It 's unclear who plotted the attack against Twitter and what their motives may have been . Internet attacks sometimes hit Web sites as they become popular . Security experts say financial motives often are behind modern cyber-attacks . Watch Mashable 's Adam Ostrow on the Twitter outage Twitter -- a micro-blogging site where users post 140-character messages to their followers -- has soared in popularity in recent months . According to comScore , a Web tracking firm , the site had 44 million unique visitors in June . Thursday 's incident highlights the degree to which people depend on online social networks to feel connected to the world . Some Twitter and Facebook users expressed near-panic that the sites were not working properly . Others reacted with ambivalence . This is not the first time Twitter has been hit with a cyber-attack . Last month , a hacker broke into the personal Google accounts of Twitter employees , stealing personal information and company financial reports and posting them online . In an e-mail to CNN.com , Twitter co-founder Biz Stone said that incident is not related to Thursday 's security breach . "  There 's no indication that this attack is related to any previous activities . We are currently the target of a denial of service attack , " Stone said in the e-mail . "  Attacks such as this are malicious efforts orchestrated to disrupt and make unavailable services such as online banks , credit card payment gateways , and in this case , Twitter for intended customers or users . We are defending against this attack now and will continue to update our status blog as we defend and later investigate . " Don DeBolt , director of threat research at CA , a computer security company , said it 's too early to tell who or what may be behind the Twitter attack . But he said denial-of-service attacks target specific Web sites . "  To be effective , -LSB- these attacks -RSB- need to be focused on a Web site or a series of Web sites , " he said . "  It 's not going to be something where malware  harmful software  is going to be deployed and then randomly attacks Web sites . " John Harrison , a researcher with Web security firm Symantec , said it is very difficult to learn the identity of the attacker , or attackers , as they could be anywhere on Earth and the infected network could span several countries . Logging on to sites such as Twitter while they are under attack only makes the situation worse because it adds to the overloading of the system , he said . The U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team says it 's impossible for Web developers to fully prevent such attacks . But everyday computer users can ensure that their machines are n't used in a coordinated attack like the one seen Thursday . To protect their computers , consumers should update anti-virus software , create passwords that are difficult to crack and maintain computer firewalls , the agency says .	Twitter , Facebook , LiveJournal hit Thursday morning with denial-of-service attacks The attack shut Twitter down for at least two hours It 's unclear who caused the attacks Twitter co-founder : attack is not related to a recent breach in Twitter security
LinkedIn , the networking site for professionals , has done what few other foreign online services have achieved -- it has successfully set up its China operations . With the launch of a simplified Chinese version of its hugely popular "  social " media site for professional contacts , it is set to exploit a gap in this potentially lucrative market . In a blog post , CEO Jeff Weiner yesterday announced the low-key beta version launch . "  The new Simplified Chinese website will broaden our reach to the country 's more than 140 million professionals who currently represent roughly one in five of the world 's knowledge workers , " he said . With four million Chinese users -- according to Weiner -- LinkedIn has a long way to go to catch up with China 's native social media sites and apps , which number in the hundreds of millions . WeChat , the Chinese social media app of the moment , has a reported 272 million users . Chinese cooperation The announcement has come under fire already , with reaction to Weiner 's online admission that the company has agreed to cooperate with Chinese authorities on data storage and censorship . "  Government restrictions on content will be implemented only when and to the extent required , " his post read . "  LinkedIn will be transparent about how it conducts business in China and will use multiple avenues to notify members about our practices . "  The company will undertake extensive measures to protect the rights and data of our members . " Internet giants Facebook and Google have previously pulled out of China due to concerns over censorship and privacy , while Yahoo has previously been criticized for apparently handing over data on dissidents to the authorities .	LinkedIn launches beta version of its simplified Chinese site Company currently has four million users in China CEO Jeff Weiner admits the company will comply with Chinese government restrictions
CNN  Angelina Jolie 's decision to remove her breasts and ovaries to prevent cancer  as she detailed in today 's New York Times op-ed  might sound extreme , but breast cancer experts say she was spot on . "  I understand what Angelina Jolie did , and I would have done it , too , " said Dr. Otis Brawley , the chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society . Brawley said if he were Jolie 's doctor he would have advised her to do what she did because her mother , aunt , and grandmother all had ovarian cancer , and her mother had breast cancer as well . Plus , Jolie has a gene that gives her about an 87 % chance of getting breast cancer sometime in her life . "  She has one of the particularly bad breast cancer genes , " Brawley said . The decision is made even easier by advances in breast reconstruction and by hormone treatments that help ease women into menopause , which is induced by removing the ovaries . The ovary surgery was a no-brainer , doctors say , and some wondered why she did n't do it sooner . In her op-ed , Jolie explained that every year she 's had a blood test called CA-125 , to monitor for ovarian cancer . But that test often has false positives and false negatives , said Dr. Dr. Funmi Olopade , director of the Center for Clinical Cancer Genetics at the University of Chicago . "  You really ca n't rely on it , " she said . Instead of screening , experts in cancer genetics recommend that women at a very high risk for ovarian cancer , like Jolie , remove their ovaries as soon as they 're done having children . "  I ca n't emphasize enough how important this is , " Olopade said . Olopade was glad to hear Tuesday morning that Jolie had decided to move forward . "  What she 's done is really important to save her life , because there 's no way to detect ovarian cancer , " she said . Jolie 's decision about her breasts  also documented in an op-ed  , however , is not so clear cut , Olopade explained , because it would have been perfectly acceptable if Jolie had decided to keep her breasts and to get regular MRIs instead . "  We have lots of survivors who went that route , and they 've done well , " she said . Some made the decision to keep their breasts because they could n't afford a good plastic surgeon for breast reconstruction , she added . "  Celebrities have access to that kind of surgery , but that 's not the life everyone lives , " Olopade said . Brawley added that Jolie 's decision likely would n't be right for someone with a different kind of breast cancer gene mutation . For example , some women have a mutation that gives them a 15 % chance of getting breast cancer in their lifetime . That 's not much higher than the 12 % chance a woman has of getting breast cancer even if she has no mutation at all . He says he worries that some of these women with just a slightly increased risk will hear about Jolie 's decision and want to remove their breasts , too . "  To get surgery in their situation is really overkill , " he said . "  Most of these women would be just fine if they took tamoxifen for five years and got regular mammograms . " But all in all , doctors say they 're glad Jolie has been so public with her decision making . "  These very publicly shared medical sagas from respected figures play a very powerful role in creating these teachable moments , " said Dr. Ken Offit , chief of clinical genetics at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center . CNN 's John Bonifield also contributed .	Jolie has a gene that gives her an 87 % chance of getting breast cancer Experts in cancer genetics recommend that women in a similar situation remove their ovaries as soon as they 're done having children
CNN  -- Christy Wolford describes her first child , Lauren , as a wedding gift . She also says it was her daughter who saved her life . Wolford found a lump in her breast while she was breastfeeding . Had she not been weaning Lauren , she probably would n't have noticed that something was unusual with her breast , let alone have had it checked out . Wolford was only 28 . "  When you 're in your 20s , you think you 're invincible , " she said . At first she thought she might have a clogged milk duct , but she went to the doctor anyway . What followed were mammograms , ultrasounds , biopsies and then the diagnosis : She had breast cancer . Doctors told her other bad news : She had an 80 % to 90 % chance of being sterile after her treatment . She and her husband , Bubba , really wanted another child . They were hoping for a son to carry on the family name . "  That was shocking . ... It was a very hard pill to swallow , " Wolford said . Luckily , she found another option : an ongoing clinical trial designed to help preserve a woman 's fertility during chemotherapy . The study 's results were published Friday at the American Society of Clinical Oncology annual meeting in Chicago . Hope in a trial Since there would be about a month between surgery and chemotherapy , her doctor initially suggested that the couple seek fertility treatment . That way they could set aside embryos to be used later . The Wolfords thought about it , but the treatment 's $ 30,000 price tag was too much . They also struggled with what they felt was a moral dilemma of what they 'd do with the embryos they did n't use . Ultimately , they decided that fertility treatments were n't for them . It 's a good thing , too : Wolford later learned that she had hormone-negative cancer . The fertility drugs she would have needed for egg harvesting could have made her cancer worse . When Wolford went in for her treatment at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston , she learned about the clinical trial , which is funded largely by the National Institutes of Health . "  Honestly , I do n't know if my poor husband even had a vote in this . I saw it as my only hope , " she said . Trial researchers wanted to know whether the drug goserelin  brand name Zoladex  could preserve the fertility of hormone-negative cancer patients . "  It 's a drug that suppresses ovarian function or puts the ovaries at rest , " said the lead study author , Dr. Halle Moore . Goserelin is normally prescribed to women with advanced hormone-positive breast cancer to put them into menopause and stop estrogen production , which can fuel cancer growth . Studies have shown high rates of return of menstrual function , Moore says , but there have been no conclusive trials looking at ovarian function over the long term . A new approach The goal of the trial was to temporarily halt ovarian function and then assess it two years after treatment . "  Basically , if the ovaries are inactive , then they would hopefully be less sensitive to the chemotherapy effects , " said Moore , a breast cancer specialist at the Cleveland Clinic . More than 200 women between the ages of 18 and 49 were recruited for the trial . All were given standard chemotherapy , but half added goserelin to their treatments . Wolford was in the latter group . "  I put my ovaries into menopause , without the chemotherapy doing it first , with the hope that  the ovaries  would wake up afterwards , " she said . She had to get an injection one week before starting chemotherapy and then once every four weeks as long as she was on chemo . "  The drug is actually quite painful . It 's like a shooting a rice grain into your abdomen , " Wolford said . Wolford 's chemotherapy lasted six months , finishing in September 2006 . Her menstrual cycle returned about four months later . "  Obviously , at that point , it does n't mean that you 're ovulating , and at that point , we were trying to figure out what to do next for our family , " Wolford said . A life change Two months later , she was laid off from her job . Believing Lauren would probably be their only child , the couple decided to open a preschool in Colorado , "  because if we ca n't have more children , then we 'll spend time with other parents ' children , " Wolford sasaid . In late 2008 , they decided to see if they could get pregnant again . When Wolford informed her doctors at MD Anderson , they asked her to come in for more tests , particularly because triple-negative breast cancer has the highest recurrence rate five years after diagnosis . Only 135 women  including Wolford  met the criteria for ovarian function testing at the two-year mark , and among those patients , researchers found that 22 % of the women in the chemo-only group had premature ovarian failure , compared with 8 % in the group that also got goserelin . "  That 's a two-thirds reduction , " Moore said . Researchers also found that the women in the goserelin group were nearly twice as likely to have a successful pregnancy . Wolford was one of them . She found out she was pregnant in February 2009 and believes she delivered the first baby in the goserelin group . Alexander was born eight months later . 11 myths fertility doctors hear Then came Everett and finally baby Lukas . All told , among the 218 women enrolled in the trial , 22 patients in the goserelin group became pregnant , compared with 12 in the chemotherapy-only group . An important post-cancer issue "  Finding a simple and accessible way to protect fertility in young breast cancer patients while not harming cancer outcomes is an important issue , " said Dr. Lori Minasian , deputy director of the National Cancer Institute 's Division of Cancer Prevention and one of the study 's co-authors . "  I think this is convincing enough that we can use this standard practice "  for women with hormone-negative breast cancer  , Moore said . MD Anderson breast cancer expert Dr. Jennifer Litton , who was not involved in the study , cautions that the study size was small . She says the research does show that it 's not harmful to take goserelin to preserve fertility . But she suggests "  for patients who are sure they want to have children after chemotherapy , it is still imperative to meet with a reproductive endocrinologist to understand all their options and not just rely on goserelin . " More research needed Although the study results are narrowly applicable to hormone-negative breast cancer , the concept may have broader applications in other cancers , said Dr. Clifford Hudis , president of the American Society of Clinical Oncology and a breast cancer expert at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York . Moore agrees , saying that goserelin may also be applicable with cancers that are treated with similar chemotherapy drugs , like lymphoma , but that more research is needed . Wolford is now almost nine years cancer-free . Her message to other young women in a similar situation : Be strong . It 's a hard road fighting cancer , she says , but do your research and consider participating in clinical trials that could help you and other women in the future . "  To have the life you always hoped to have -- it 's a really huge thing , " she said . "  It was definitely a painful experience , but the upside was my three sons , and I would do it again in a heartbeat . " IVF helps Nigerians overcome infertility stigma	Treatments for cancer increase chances for a woman to become sterile Women who added one drug in trial were nearly twice as likely to get pregnant Goserelin may be useful after treatment for other cancers , study author says
CNN  -- It 's a simple thing , really , the rubber and stainless steel band that a well-known CEO frequently wears around his wrist . But the Nike FuelBand that Apple 's Tim Cook has been seen sporting at multiple public events is just one clue about a possible deal between Apple and Nike that could be part of the sales pitch when a rumored Apple watch hits the market . Late on Friday  the traditional time of the week for companies to release bad news  , came a news report that Nike had laid off much of the team responsible for the FuelBand and would not continue to update the line of wearable gadgets , which measure physical activity and monitor things like heart rate and calories burned . Nike had planned to release a new , thinner FuelBand in the fall , but those plans have reportedly been shelved and the company wo n't say whether there will be a new one . Nike has said it plans to continue supporting the current FuelBand for the "  forseeable future " and that new color options will be available . Still , the retreat seems odd for a company that has made its name in sports equipment -- and has led to speculations that Nike may be working on a new partnership with Apple . "  Obviously Apple has enjoyed a healthy relationship with them over the years , " said Brian White , a Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. analyst who follows Apple . "  Our view has been that the fitness band will largely fold into the smartwatch in the future and most of the players will exit the market . If I were them , makes more sense to partner with Apple , but that is just my opinion . " Nike spokesman KeJuan Williams said in an email that FuelBand remains "  an important part " of Nike 's business . He confirmed there will be a "  small number " of layoffs and emphasized the company 's continuing work on digital products , including partnerships with companies like Apple . "  Partnering with industry-leading tech companies is nothing new for Nike , " Williams said . "  We have been working with Apple to develop products since 2006 , when the two companies introduced Nike + Running , and Nike has since create Apps for the iOS including Nike + Training Club , Nike + FuelBand and Nike + Move which launched in Fall 2013 . "  Building on these successful products and services , Nike and Apple are partnering on emerging technologies to create better solutions for athletes . " Could that partnership evolve into a forthcoming Apple-Nike wearable product ? That is still just conjecture at this point . But consider : -- Already , Apple 's iOS system is the only mobile system that can be used with the Fuel Band and its set of apps . -- Cook has sat on Nike 's board of directors for the past nine years . And the two companies have already teamed up to create the Nike + mobile app for iPhones and iPods . -- In September , Apple hired Nike 's Ben Shaffer , the man behind the "  Innovation Kitchen " that created Fuel Band . -- Apple is the highest-profile company that has not yet entered the wearable tech field -- despite the fact that rumors of an "  iWatch " have been swirling for years . With Google , Samsung and other competitors already selling wearable gear , it would make sense for Apple to get into the game sooner rather than later . Apple 's Worldwide Developers Conference is set to begin on June 2 , and the company has used the event in the past to announce new products . Alternately , Apple has made a habit of introducing a new iPhone every fall , in advance of the holiday shopping season . It would certainly make sense to unveil a new product then as well . Apple did not reply to a message seeking comment for this story .	As Nike pulls back from FuelBand , Apple speculation emerges The companies have ties , from Apple CEO on down Analyst says it makes sense for Nike to leave hardware to others A long-rumored Apple "  iWatch " could come this year
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A fugitive gunman thought to be behind a string of armed robberies and murders in China dating back to 2004 has been shot and killed following a huge manhunt . Zhou Kehua -- one of the country 's most wanted criminals -- was killed by police in the southwestern city of Chongqing on Tuesday morning , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Described as "  ruthless and highly dangerous " by Chinese authorities , Zhou became infamous for robbing people while they were drawing money from banks and repeatedly dodging police manhunts . Thousands of police and soldiers were drafted in over the weekend to search for the 42 year old after a woman was shot dead and two others injured on Friday outside a bank in Chongqing during an attempted robbery , Xinhua said . Later that day , local police reported that a railway policeman was killed while in pursuit of a man believed to be Zhou -- his ninth victim in eight years following a series of robberies in Chongqing , Nanjing and Changsha . All his victims were shot in the head , according to media reports . Zhou was eventually tracked down in Shapingba , a mountainous district on the outskirts of Chongqing , after police uncovered a cave on Monday that Zhou is believed to have stayed in . Inside were two cigarette cases , a T-shirt and human waste , China Daily reported . China 's Ministry of Public Security classified Zhou as a "  class-A " suspect , with a total 5.4 million yuan  US$ 849,000  in rewards being offered for information leading to his capture . A huge -- but ultimately fruitless -- search for Zhou was carried out in January this year after he allegedly shot and robbed a man who had just withdrawn 200,000 yuan  $ 31,700  from a bank in Nanjing before fleeing in a car . Nanjing Public Security Bureau 's Xuanwu district office told CNN at the time that tens of thousands of police officers took part in the manhunt . It also published two video clips online of the suspect escaping the scene .	Zhou Kehua -- one of the country 's most wanted criminals -- killed by police in Chongqing Zhou accused of killing 10 people during a series of attempted robberies since 2004 42 year old escaped similar manhunt in Nanjing in January after a man was shot during a robbery
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- They came from all corners of the world , braved fiercely cold temperatures and stood together on the Mall in Washington to share in one historic moment -- when Barack Obama became the 44th president and the first African-American elected to the post . Crowds at the inaugural parade cheer and snap photos of President Obama on Tuesday . Millions of people packed the Mall early Tuesday to watch Obama 's inauguration and later hit the parade route to catch a glimpse of the new president . For many , the inauguration was the realization of a dream they never thought could be fulfilled . This is America happening , " said Evadey Minott of Brooklyn , New York . "  It was prophesied by -LSB- the Rev. Martin Luther -RSB- King that we would have a day when everyone would come together . This is that day . I am excited . I am joyful . It brings tears to my eyes . " Obama 's speech : How did he do ? L.J. Caldwell of Somerset , New Jersey , said Obama 's inauguration capped five decades of struggle for African-Americans . "  When you think back , Malcolm -LSB- X -RSB- fought . Then we come a little further , Rosa Parks sat . Then come up a little further , and Martin -LSB- King Jr. -RSB- spoke . Then today , President Obama ran , and we won . " Watch Obama say Americans have "  chosen hope over fear " " iReporter Barbara Talisman , 48 , of Chicago , watched Tuesday from a spot on the Mall near the American Museum of Natural History . "  The historical significance of today and importance of our work made it necessary for me to be here and not at home . I want to be a witness , " Talisman said . Kim Akins , 43 , of Chicago , Illinois , who lives just blocks from Obama 's home , made the trek to Washington with her 8-year-old daughter , Chloe . Vanessa Reed of Centerville , Virginia , took her daughters to a spot on the inaugural parade route . "  I was going to take my daughter here if it was the last thing I did , " she said . "  It 's breathtaking . ... It 's overwhelming . " Vanessa Reed of Centerville , Virginia , who brought her two young daughters to the inauguration , reflected on Obama 's speech as she sat with her daughters across from the presidential reviewing stand at the end of the parade route . "  It was beautiful . It spoke to the issues of the moment , " said Reed , who worked for the Obama campaign . "  I am proud this country saw what we saw in him . " Patrick Bragg , 44 , of Winston-Salem , North Carolina , contemplated the day as he tried to stay warm standing over steam vents on H Street . Patrick Bragg says he rode a bike 18 miles to get to downtown Washington on Tuesday morning . "  I 've been sitting here thinking -- it 's really beautiful , " said Bragg , who rode a bike 18 miles from Bethesda , Maryland , to attend Tuesday 's ceremonies . "  This is what I would consider the true representation of all of America . Obama gives everyone space at the table . " Some of those attending Tuesday recalled how they were part of the effort that culminated in the historic day . "  You remember why you are doing it all , why you were working so hard on the campaign making phone calls , knocking on doors and getting slammed in the face sometimes , " said iReporter Vanessa Palmer of the University of South Florida in Tampa . Howard University student Shakuwra Garrett , 18 , said she felt like "  a part of history . " "  I can carry this with me the rest of my life , " Garrett said . "  It 's an accomplishment for all of us . " The accomplishment crossed borders and oceans for some of those at Tuesday 's inauguration . "  The dream came true , " said Fatima Cone , 39 , who came to the U.S. from Ivory Coast , where her mother wears an Obama T-shirt . She conveyed the excitement her family feels in West Africa . "  The fight is the same for all blacks . It 's the same story . It 's the same fight wherever you come from , " Cone said . Canadians Peter and Susan Butler drove down from Toronto , Ontario , to see the event and "  support the American people . " iReport.com : Are you in Washington ? Share your story "  This is a world event , " Susan Butler said . "  We can tell our grandchildren we were here . " Briton Simon Ginty called the Obama inauguration "  an international moment . " Simon Ginty of Manchester , England , said the world was celebrating Tuesday . "  This is an international moment as well as an American moment . I 'm excited to see how Obama changes things . I imagine things are gon na be on the up , " Ginty said . Eli Bracken , an iReporter from Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , drove into Washington early Tuesday to try to see the inauguration , but large crowds kept him away from the Mall . Watch a satellite image of the crowd " Instead , he watched on TV from a McDonald 's restaurant on E Street near the Canadian Embassy . The eatery went silent during the inaugural prayer , he said . "  It was just cool that everybody knew they were witnessing something awesome , " Bracken said . "  There were people gathered around every car they could just to hear it . " Dartmouth College student Amarita Sankar , 18 , watched Obama 's speech on the grounds of the Washington Monument . "  Whenever I hear him speak , I want to be a better person . That 's what you want in a leader , " Sankar said . Margaret Trowelle of Jersey City , New Jersey , gets strangers to autograph an inauguration hat Tuesday . Margaret Trowelle of Jersey City , New Jersey , showed off a hat she had signed by others she 's met in the nation 's capital . "  Everyone is so friendly , " she said . Benica Tripleti from Eastern Kentucky University was among a group of 54 people headed to the Mall . She said she had one goal : "  to see Obama 's head . " Kathie Easom and Christine Hannon of upstate New York were looking to plant themselves on the Mall and watch the proceedings on a screen . "  It 's a once in a lifetime event , " Easom said . Eight rows behind the inauguration stand , Sylvia Schoen of Phoenix , Arizona , waited in the morning cold . "  It 's freezing . It 's worth it . It 's worth it , " she said . Watch the atmosphere surrounding the inauguration " "  Obama 's cause is all about the future . I think that 's why everyone 's so excited right now , " Schoen said . "  It 's like we can do anything . Look what we just did , the people . The people did this . Not the politicians . We did it . " Harvard University student Megan Starr , 21 , was impressed with the crowd . "  I 've never seen people excited about politics before , " she said . "  Usually they are politically apathetic , but people are getting involved . " Woodie Lee Durham of Buffalo , New York , says Tuesday marks a milestone for African-American influence . In a seating section for the disabled on the Mall , Woodie Lee Durham of Buffalo , New York , said Tuesday was a landmark for African-American influence on America . "  It is no longer a question ; this is the answer , " Durham said . Of the millions who came to hear Obama speak , many made sure to hit the parade route , in hopes of catching a glimpse of the new president . "  Obama ! Obama ! " throngs of people cheered as the limo carrying the new president made its way down the street . Obama and his wife , Michelle , stepped out of the presidential limo for a couple of minutes and walked the parade route , waving to supporters as they passed . Meghann Curtis , 30 , of New Jersey was at the Mall for the inauguration but also managed to snag a seat at the parade . "  It was majestic . That 's the word that keeps coming to mind , " she said . "  They are elegant and tall and gorgeous , " Curtis said of the Obamas . "  There is something breathtaking about the two of them . " Many reached for their cameras , trying to capture a permanent memory of the moment . Supporters waved American flags , and some even sang as they waited for their chance to greet President Obama . See photos of Obama 's inauguration " After 12 hours of waiting , many of them in the cold , Karin Riggs , 29 , of Seattle , Washington , and her bandmates marched into history . The trumpet player was one of 177 participants , from 26 states , performing with the Lesbian and Gay Band Association -- the first lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender group in history to be invited to march in a presidential inaugural parade . "  We were not just making history for our organization . We were making history for the LGBT community , " she said by phone . Danielle Davis and son Carson , 6 , of Chantilly , Virginia , got into their parade seats at 10:40 a.m. Davis said the experience was worth dealing with freezing weather and a long wait . "  It was exciting , thrilling , " she said . "  I am so glad to be a part of history . " CNN 's Adam Levine , Ed Hornick , Valerie Streit , Scott J. Anderson and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	New Jersey woman calls inauguration , parade "  majestic " "  This is America happening , " says New York woman Barack Obama 's election shows American people "  can do anything , " woman says
CNN  -- Samuel Eto'o netted a superb hat-trick to help holders Inter Milan thrash Werder Bremen 4-0 in Champions League Group A . The Cameroon striker opened the scoring in the 21st minute when he slipped the ball under goalkeeper Tim Wiese after Esteban Cambiasso robbed the ball off Daniel Jensen . Eto'o added his second when converting a lofted pass from Lucio and completed his treble nine minutes from time when out-pacing the Werder defence after latching onto Wes Sneijder 's pass , and rounding Wiese . And Eto'o also had a hand in the goal that put Inter 3-0 ahead , with his pinpoint pass finding Sneijder -- and the Dutchman fired into the top corner . Inter are level on four points with Tottenham at the top of the table , after the London club beat Dutch champions FC Twente 4-1 in a remarkable match that saw Spurs awarded three penalties and also have Rafael van der Vaart sent off after collecting two yellow cards . Van der Vaart wasted a chance to put the hosts ahead when goalkeeper Nikolay Mihaylov saved his spot-kick after Peter Wisgerhof fouled Peter Crouch in the area . But Van der Vaart made amends soon after the break when converting on the turn a Crouch knock-down . Spurs soon made it 2-0 when Roman Pavlyuchenko scored from the penalty spot after a foul on Gareth Bale . Twente pulled a goal back through substitute Nacer Chadli before van der Vaart was given his marching orders for lunging in on Roberto Rosales . But Tottenham restored their two-goal advantage when Pavlyuchenko netted another spot-kick after a handball in the area and Bale added a late fourth to put the icing on the cake . Meanwhile , in Group B , French giants Lyon -- who are trailing in 18th place in their domestic league after just one victory all season -- claimed a morale - boosting 3-1 win at Israeli side Hapoel Tel Aviv . Michel Bastos scored twice with Miralem Pjanic also on target as Lyon top the table with a maximum six points . Schalke are second in the table after Jefferson Farfan and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar earned the German side a 2-0 win over Benfica in the other group match .	Samuel Eto'o scored a hat-trick as Inter Milan thrashed Werder Bremen 4-0 Tottenham are awarded three penalties in their 4-1 victory over Dutch side FC Twente Schalke and Lyon both record victories in Group B over Benfica and Hapoel Tel Aviv
CNN  We have sparred privately and publicly on a range of issues on any number of occasions . But on this one , we both agree : government should -- and can -- play "  Moneyball . " "  Moneyball for Government " grew out of the approach pioneered by Billy Beane , former general manager of the Oakland Athletics baseball organization , who transformed baseball by using data to build championship teams with a limited budget . His story was told in the book by Michael Lewis and the 2011 movie . During the 2012 presidential election , a full 15 % of voters surveyed said that the federal budget deficit was the most important issue facing the country . That was three times the number who cited foreign policy as their top concern and only narrowly behind those who named health care . Leading up to the 2014 midterm elections , 80 % of respondents in a Gallup poll indicated that they worried about the federal budget deficit a great deal or a fair amount . There 's no question : how to spend government revenue more effectively is very much on the minds of the American people -- Democrats and Republicans . The past few years of debt-ceiling standoffs , midnight "  fiscal cliffs " and a government shutdown have meant that -- far from thoughtfully considering how we 're spending taxpayer dollars -- we lurch from crisis to crisis , stopgap to stopgap , kicking the can still farther down the road . This is a problem for both parties ; if that skepticism hardens , many members of Congress can expect to lose their jobs . In that sense , Moneyball , the devotion to using data and evidence to achieve more efficient results , represents an opportunity for Democrats and Republicans to work together in a serious , thoughtful and measured way without forcing either side to step on political landmines . But opportunity does not mean guarantee . There will still be obstacles for both political parties and some degree of tentativeness on the part of skeptical officials . But we believe these challenges can be overcome . But what about the tea party ? It would never go for this , would it ? This skepticism grows out of a common view among Republicans -- within and beyond the establishment -- that the tea party , and by extension the Republican base , is reflexively anti-government . Not just in some cases , but in all cases . Republicans are right to listen to the base , to recognize its power , to stop assuming that incumbency is still an advantage . The problem is , they are n't really listening to the base as a whole -- just to its loudest voices . In doing so , they risk drawing conclusions about a range of policies , including the Moneyball agenda , that are , frankly , incorrect . It is a severe misdiagnosis of the tea party 's recent influence to conclude that it is simply anti-government . Instead , there is a large swath of voters opposed to inefficient government , wasteful government and unaccountable government . Their concerns are valid -- quite often provable -- and they deserve to be heard . Nuanced analysis reveals that Republicans have a great deal to gain by focusing their political messaging -- and policy agenda -- on "  efficient government " rather than on being "  anti-government . " The GOP should talk about keeping programs in place that work as intended and having the courage to cut those that do n't . Republicans should demand high-quality evidence before any new program is created , and Republicans should insist that all discretionary spending be subject to evaluation to determine whether it is having an impact . Republicans who support the Moneyball campaign can then run on having the bravery to make the tough decisions to defund or discontinue programs that are n't working or have n't met standards or do n't demonstrate positive trends toward success . Democrats ' biggest political risk -- and thus the biggest progressive obstacle to implementing evidence-based policy making -- is that they are being thrown a Republican curveball . But , the truth is , Democrats have long been strong proponents of improving the way government works . President Bill Clinton and Vice President Al Gore led a "  Reinventing Government " movement in the 1990s . Elected Democrats across the country are using data and evidence to make tough choices and get better results . We know that this is about more than just dollars and cents ; it goes to the core of the values that define what it means to be a Democrat . Democrats care about making people 's lives better , care about lifting people up and care about reducing injustice and expanding opportunity . Democrats are optimists who believe that even the most intractable problems can be solved , and believe unapologetically that government can play a positive role in solving them . This is what "  Moneyball for Government " is all about . It 's about making sure that we are doing right by the people we 've committed ourselves to serving . It 's about making sure that our values are n't just articulated in our efforts but in our outcomes , and that we can actually say that we are delivering on our promises . So will overcoming these deep-seated political barriers be easy ? Hardly . The two of us have spent too much time in the trenches to believe that all of our partisanship would magically disappear if we employed a Moneyball approach ; some disagreements on values are sure to remain . But we 've shown that there is a way for the Republican Party to make government work better while also limiting its explosive growth . There is a way Democrats can ensure they wo n't be conned into dismantling programs that we know can accomplish so much good . There is a way forward . Now it 's up to all of us to seize it .	Kevin Madden , Howard Wolfson : Government should borrow "  Moneyball " idea from baseball Both parties should be able to agree on the need for efficient government , the writers say
CNN  -- A British coach working with the New York Red Bulls has been stabbed to death , the Major League Soccer club has confirmed . Michael Jones , originally from Tarleton in Lancashire , was found dead in a Manhattan street in the early hours of Sunday morning after being stabbed in the neck and torso . His attacker had also cut his left ear off . Jones , who had been out with his sister and girlfriend , was taken to New York 's Bellevue Hospital where he was declared dead . Witnesses told the New York Police Department Jones had been arguing with a man , AFP reported . They said the authorities had now released surveillance footage of his suspected attacker . Jones had moved to the United States five years ago to become a soccer coach . In a statement on their website , the Red Bulls paid tribute to the 25-year-old . "  We are aware of this tragedy and on behalf of the entire organization , want to send our most heartfelt condolences to Michael 's family , friends and loved ones , " it read "  He was a tremendous individual , a fantastic coach who loved soccer and a terrific friend for many of us . "  This is truly a sad day for our soccer community and we will do our utmost to help authorities in their investigation of this case . Our thoughts and prayers are with Michael 's family at this time . "	New York Red Bulls youth coach Mike Jones stabbed to death in the city The Briton , from Liverpool , was attacked in the early hours of Sunday morning Police say Jones was stabbed in neck and torso and one of his ears had been cut off Red Bulls say Jones was a tremendous individual and a fantastic coach
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Authorities arrested a man accused of secretly taping ESPN sports reporter Erin Andrews in the nude and posting the videos on the Internet , the FBI said Friday . ESPN reporter Erin Andrews claims someone videotaped her while she was nude and posted video online . Authorities arrested 48-year-old Michael David Barrett at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Friday . Barrett faces a charge of interstate stalking , the FBI said . Barrett is accused of taping Andrews while she was nude in two hotel rooms . He then made eight videos that he posted on the Internet , the FBI said . Barrett allegedly filmed seven of the eight videos at a hotel room in Nashville , Tennessee , in September 2008 . FBI agents said they found evidence that a peephole to the door of Andrews ' hotel room had been altered . The FBI learned that Barrett checked into the same hotel at that time and asked for a room adjacent to Andrews using his home address to register for the room . According to a criminal complaint , Barrett tried to sell the videos to celebrity gossip Web site TMZ.com . Employees at the Web site also helped in the investigation providing Barrett 's information to Andrews ' attorney . Andrews works as a sideline reporter traveling around the country covering college football games . Barrett will have his first court appearance in Chicago at 10 a.m.  11 a.m. ET  Saturday , authorities said . The maximum penalty for the charge of interstate stalking is five years in federal prison , the FBI said . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Chicago man accused of secretly videotaping ESPN reporter Erin Andrews in nude Authorities say Andrews was filmed through peephole in hotel rooms Videos were later posted on Internet , according to FBI Michael David Barrett faces interstate stalking charge , authorities say
CNN  -- A New Zealand gas station owner who became an overnight millionaire after a banking error , and later an international fugitive , has pleaded guilty to seven counts of theft . Nicknamed the "  accidental millionaire , " Hui "  Leo " Gao made headlines three years ago after he and his girlfriend fled the country when he accidentally received access to $ 10 million New Zealand dollars  U.S. $ 7 million  . He is scheduled to be sentenced on August 24 . Gao and his girlfriend withdrew $ 6.8 million and transferred them to overeseas accounts in Hong Kong , China and the Wynn casino in Macau , according to court documents . Gao has not made any statements to the New Zealand Police . His journey from a BP service station owner to a runaway millionaire began in 2009 . In April of that year , Gao applied for overdraft financing for the gas station he co-owned with his mother in Rotorua , New Zealand , according to court records . The bank , Westpac approved his application with a $ 100,000 limit . But a clerical error by the bank 's employee placed the limit as $ 10 million -- 100 times the intended amount . The next day , Gao discovered the error in his bank account and told his girlfriend , Kara Hurring that he was "  f $ " ing rich " and had millions of dollars , according to court documents . After transferring money to overseas accounts in the names of his mother , his girlfriend and himself , Gao fled to Hong Kong in April 2009 . Hurring joined him there in May . By May 4 , the bank became aware of the error and alerted authorities . A global manhunt , which included Interpol , focused on finding the accidental millionaires . After two and a half years on the run , Gao was arrested in Hong Kong in September 2011 , and extradited to New Zealand in December . Hurring returned to the country voluntarily in February 2011 . She has been found guilty of 28 counts of theft and two counts of money laundering , court records show . She denied knowing where the money came from , reported TVNZ , CNN 's affiliate . Westpac , the Australian bank , recovered about $ 2.9 million from the couple 's New Zealand accounts , but has yet to recoup the remaining $ 3.8 million . Reparations totaling that amount are sought by Westpac , according to court documents . The bank had no comment . See CNNMoney 's Biggest Bank blunders	Former New Zealand gas station owner plead guilty to 7 counts of theft He has been sought by authorities for 2.5 years A banking error gave him access to $ 10 million New Zealand dollars
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A U.S. Marine videotaped throwing a puppy over a cliff while on patrol in Iraq has been kicked out of the Corps , and a second Marine involved has been disciplined , according to a statement released by the Marines . YouTube.com removed the video for violating the Web site 's terms of use . Lance Cpl. David Motari , based in Hawaii with the 1st Battalion , 3rd Marine Regiment , is being "  processed for separation " and received non-judicial punishment , officials said in the statement Wednesday night . The Marine Corps would not specify what that punishment was because of privacy regulations . The statement said Motari received the punishment for his role in the "  episode which generated international attention . " The incident appeared on the Internet web site YouTube in March , sparking outrage from animal rights groups around the world . In the video , Motari is seen throwing the dog off a cliff as it yelps . A second Marine , San Diego-based Sgt. Crismarvin Banez Encarnacion , received non-judicial punishment as well . Janice Hagar , a spokeswoman for the Marines in San Diego , said Encarnacion shot the video . Marine officials at the Pentagon would not disclose the severity of the disciplinary action against Encarnacion , also because of privacy regulations . CNN did not receive a response from the Marine Corps in San Diego to questions about the case . The statement said the Marines conducted an investigation as soon as the YouTube video came to the attention of commanders . "  The actions seen in the Internet video are contrary to the high standards we expect of every Marine and will not be tolerated , " according to the statement . On the video , Motari smiles as he is holding the puppy and then hurls the dog over a cliff . An unknown person operating the video cameras is heard laughing and another voice saying "  that 's mean , Motari . " In a statement , the Humane Society of the United States applauded the Marine Corps ' decision to punish those involved . "  The bad actors in this case have been dealt with by the Marine Corps , which rightly recognizes that harming animals is unacceptable conduct , " said Dale Bartlett , the group 's deputy manager for animal cruelty issues . "  Now , the Department of Defense and the Congress must step up protection from cruelty for all animals under the law governing military conduct . "	Hawaii-based Lance Cpl. David Motari is being "  processed for separation " Motari was seen on video tossing a puppy off a cliff while on patrol in Iraq Second Marine , who filmed the incident , was also disciplined
An unexpected new proposal for international regulation of the internet drew warnings over the weekend of a spread of online censorship and left a global conference on the issue on the edge of collapse . The deep divisions over treatment of the internet came after a group of Arab states put forward a plan late on Friday that would require countries around the world to explicitly regulate internet companies . The proposal , made at a conference in Dubai to agree a new international telecoms treaty , has also won the backing of Russia and China , along with a group of other countries . The pitch for direct regulation came as an unwelcome surprise to delegations from the US and other countries that have supported the current light system of regulation for the internet . "  The conference has been hijacked by a group of countries that want to extend regulation of the internet , " said one person familiar with the US position . "  This is completely unacceptable to the US point of view . " Although countries are already free to impose national regulations , the US and its allies argue that enshrining the approach in a treaty would extend international legitimacy to repressive regimes that want to limit internet communications , while also making it easier for countries to co-operate on censorship and other restrictive practices . Tariq al-Awadhi , head of the Arab states delegation , said that it made sense for internet companies to be included in the regulations since this would help force them to work together with network operators . "  They need to come to commercial agreements with one another anyway , " he said . A number of countries in the Arab world and in Africa have argued that internet companies should hand over more of their revenues to the communications networks that carry their traffic in other countries . Traffic agreements are currently reached through direct negotiations between internet and network companies , an approach that the US maintains already allows for rates to be set at a fair level . The call for new regulation could lead to a break-down in the talks , according to people involved in the discussions . The US delegation will refuse to support anything that extends regulation in a way that damages internet freedom and has full backing from Washington to walk out on the talks if necessary , said the person familiar with the US position . The division has set the stage for tense talks in the early part of this week , with a final treaty due to be completed by Friday . "  We are going to sit together , and maybe we can come to a solution , " said Mr Awadhi . "  Maybe the US has misunderstood our intentions , so we can explain and hear from their side why they have fear from this one , and we can maybe change our wording . "	An unexpected new proposal for international regulation of the internet drew warnings Left a global conference on the issue on the edge of collapse in Dubai Group of Arab states put forward a plan that would require countries to regulate internet firms Has also won the backing of Russia and China , along with a group of other countries
CNN  The U.S. is turning to a familiar -- but some would say unexpected -- name to lead its team at the next Ryder Cup : Davis Love III . Yes , even though Love was the losing captain as Europe rallied in 2012 in the Miracle at Medinah in Illinois , the 50-year-old will succeed Tom Watson at the 2016 edition at Hazeltine in Minnesota . He 'll go up against Darren Clarke , who last week got the nod for Europe . Love was unveiled Tuesday , about five months after the PGA of America set up a Ryder Cup task force in the wake of another loss to Europe in golf 's most prestigious team event . Love himself was part of the 11-person committee , joining the likes of Tiger Woods , Phil Mickelson and past captains Tom Lehman and Raymond Floyd . Love named Lehman as a vice-captain . "  I am here with the same goal as in 2012 but not as the same captain , " Love told reporters . "  It is a great honor to be in the position to help build the team , but our mission does n't end there . What we accomplish in 2016 at Hazeltine must serve as the foundation for future USA Ryder Cup teams , " Love said separately in a statement . The 2012 Ryder Cup will no doubt serve as motivation . With the U.S. seemingly coasting to victory -- holding a 10-6 lead entering the final day -- Europe won eight of the last 12 matches to eke out a 141/2 -13 1/2 win . And when the U.S. was unable to overturn its skid last year at Gleneagles in Scotland , it meant a sixth defeat in the last seven Ryder Cups . Given the record it 's not surprising that criticism followed , but no one quite expected Mickelson to lay into Watson -- who was yards away -- at a post series press conference . Mickelson attended Tuesday 's press conference with Love . Woods skipped the 2014 Ryder Cup as he recovered from a back injury and who knows if the slumping 14-time major champion will return next year . He 's currently taking a break from golf . He , though , gave his backing to Love . "  I want to congratulate Davis on his selection , " Woods said in a statement . "  I have great respect for him as a person , player and captain . I know he 'll do an outstanding job leading the 2016 U.S. team . "  I 'm proud of what the task force accomplished , making substantive changes in the Captain 's selection process and qualifying system . " As a player , Love played in six Ryder Cups and compiled a singles record of three wins and a loss , halving two matches .	Davis Love III to captain the U.S. at the 2016 Ryder Cup Love was the losing captain in the Miracle at Medinah in 2012 Europe has won six of the last seven Ryder Cups Northern Ireland 's Darren Clarke was last week named Europe 's captain
CNN  Thiago Silva 's path to redemption took a mere 12 minutes . For that short period of time the Brazilian must have been panicking that his needless error had cost his Paris Saint-Germain side a place in the last eight of the European Champions League . His handball had gifted English Premier League leaders Chelsea a 2-1 aggregate advantage in extra time , but this was one tale that would be adorned with a Silva lining . Seconds after being denied by a world class save from Thibaut Courtois , Silva looped a header into the net to send PSG through on away goals . Not only did he save himself from a barrage of criticism , he also got colleague Zlatan Ibrahimovic out of jail too . The maverick Swedish striker 's dismissal after 31 minutes made PSG 's passage into the quarterfinals all the more remarkable , as it battled the best team in England with 10 men for an energy-sapping 90 minutes . Gary Cahill looked to have ended PSG 's resistance with a 81st minute goal before former Chelsea defender David Luiz equalized with four minutes left . Eden Hazard converted from the spot in extra time after Silva 's misdemeanor before the 30-year-old popped up at the death to make amends and avenge PSG 's defeat at the same stage by Chelsea last season . "  We played a great game , " Luiz told Sky Sports . "  It was amazing tonight , the spirit , the players gave everything . When we lost Ibra we said we had to keep it simple and keep the ball . "  It 's amazing for the club and the city . We tried to win the game even with one less man . We have a long way to go to win the Champions League and we keep our feet on the floor . " The first tie ended 1-1 in Paris three weeks ago but most of the headlines related to an ugly incident of racism on the city 's Metro system . A group of supporters , apparently Chelsea fans , were caught on camera appearing to prevent a black man from boarding a train before chanting : "  We 're racist and that 's the way we like it . " The UK 's Metropolitan Police announced on Wednesday that it had summoned five men to appear in court later in March , while Chelsea has vowed to ban for life any of its fans that are found guilty . The club extended an invitation to the man who was the the subject of the abuse , known as Souleymane S , but the 33-year-old refused . The opening stages were tense and feisty , just as they were in the French capital during the first leg , but the match in London ignited after a flashpoint just past the half hour mark . Ibrahimovic , so often the hero for PSG , turned villain after being dismissed for a forceful tackle on Chelsea 's Brazilian playmaker Oscar . The home side surrounded referee Bjorn Kuipers who duly produced a red card -- the fourth of the Swede 's often controversial career in the Champions League . But replays suggested the 33-year-old was perhaps unfortunate to see red , having tried to pull out of the tackle at the last second . Despite having a man advantage , Chelsea struggled to create clear cut openings as PSG defended resolutely . Kuipers was in the spotlight again as the half came to a close -- a mazy run from striker Diego Costa ended when he was felled by PSG 's Uruguayan forward Edinson Cavani . The referee took a long look at the incident but decided to wave play on , much to the chagrin of Chelsea 's players and manager Jose Mourinho . Mourinho 's travails continued after the break as the Blues toiled in its attempts to open up a determined PSG rearguard . A half chance for Gary Cahill came and went before the visitors came to the fore . First Cavani played in Maxwell , whose ball across the face of goal was begging to be tapped in , before the Uruguayan had a chance to tilt the tie firmly in his side 's favor . Played in on goal by Argentinian Javier Pastore , Cavani rounded Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois but could only glance a shot off the near post from a tight angle . Pastore then got into the area after neat approach play and , though he got a powerful low shot away , Courtois was equal to it and palmed it clear . Chelsea began to reassert its dominance as PSG tired . Substitute Ramires weaved into the area and was denied by a fine save at his near post by Salvatore Sirigu . From the resulting corner a miskick from Costa presented the ball at the feet of England defender Cahill , who lashed home from 12 yards out . But Chelsea were unable to hold out . Luiz , who won the Champions League with Chelsea during a three-year stint at the club , had been booed throughout the game for a running battle with Costa . And he rose highest to power a header into the net and make the tie level on aggregate with just four minutes remaining . PSG began the extra half hour in sluggish fashion and were punished when Silva needlessly handled a looping cross into the area as he went up to challenge substitute Kurt Zouma for the ball . Belgium international Eden Hazard duly tucked the penalty away , to restore Chelsea 's lead and ensure the tie would not go to penalties . Still Chelsea looked edgy . Courtois was forced to make a world class save from Silva , as the Brazilian desperately tried to make amends for his handball . But despite that warning , Silva netted with a fine header from the very next corner , looping a brilliant header over the goalkeeper from 14 yards out . After the game Mourinho admitted PSG had "  clearly " been the better side : "  Our performance was not good enough , " he told Sky Sports . "  We had the game in our hands twice but I think PSG were stronger than us and coped better with the pressure of the game . " German champions Bayern Munich cemented its place in the last eight with a comprehensive 7-0 dismantling of Shakhtar Donetsk . After a 0-0 draw in the first leg in Ukraine , Shakhtar 's task became an uphill one inside four minutes when Olexandr Kucher was dismissed for bringing down Mario Gtze inside the penalty area . Thomas Muller tucked home the resulting penalty , and Bayern subsequently laid siege to Shakhtar 's goal . Robert Lewandowski nodded Rafinha 's cross against the post before Pep Guardiola 's side doubled its advantage just after the half hour mark . Defender Jerome Boateng had the simple task of tapping home from point blank range after former Dortmund striker Lewandowski 's effort had been saved . Bayern ran riot after the break , France international Franck Ribery grabbing the third with a fine low finish after a powerful run into the area . Muller grabbed a second moments later before Holger Badstuber made it five with a thumping header . Lewandowski finally got on the score sheet before Gtze completed the rout .	French side Paris Saint-Germain knock Chelsea out of the European Champions League A goal in extra time from Thiago Silva sends French champions through on away goals PSG played 90 minutes with 10 men after Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's first-half dismissal Bayern Munich hammer Shakhtar Donetsk 7-0 to book its place in the last eight
CNN  Eight American aid workers who were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone have been flown back to the United States where health authorities will watch them closely for signs of the disease , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Three more exposed workers are due to arrive back in the United States on Monday . The returning workers are clinicians for Partners in Health , a Boston-based aid group . None of them is showing symptoms of Ebola , but all had contact with a colleague who 's been diagnosed with the disease and is being treated at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda , Maryland . While in West Africa , the workers "  came to the aid of their ailing colleague , " according to a Partners in Health statement . As the CDC investigates who else might have had contact with the Ebola patient , more workers might be flown back to the United States , according to Tom Skinner , a spokesman for the CDC . The workers are being housed near hospitals that specialize in treating Ebola patients , and if they show signs of the disease , they 'll be admitted as patients . Nurse who contracted Ebola sues hospital company Four of the clinicians arrived Saturday to housing on the campus of the University of Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha , according to spokesman Taylor Wilson . The workers have voluntarily agreed not to leave their housing . "  They will be monitored so they 'll stay there , " Wilson said . Another aid worker was flown to Atlanta over the weekend and is being housed near Emory University Hospital , and three more workers are scheduled to arrive in Atlanta on Monday , according to Nancy Nydam , spokeswoman for the Georgia Department of Public Health . As in Nebraska , the workers in Georgia must stay in their housing for 21 days after the date of their exposure to Ebola . "  Twice a day , we 'll have visual monitoring either face to face or we 'll Skype with them , or do FaceTime , " Nydam said . "  And if it 's Skype or FaceTIme , they 'll have to be in a place where we can clearly identify that they are where they 're supposed to be . " Three more exposed workers arrived Saturday at the National Institute of Health in Maryland . These workers "  will remain restricted from public places " and have "  limited movement , including no mass transportation , " according to a statement from Christopher Garrett , a spokesman for the Maryland Department of Health . The heath care worker with Ebola was in serious condition Friday , the NIH said . Details about the patient 's identity were n't released . The patient is the second with Ebola admitted to the NIH hospital . Nina Pham , a nurse at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas , was admitted to NIH in October after she contracted the disease while treating Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan . Pham recovered and was released free of disease . Duncan died . Emory , the NIH and Nebraska are three of only four hospitals in the United States that have biocontainment units to deal with a highly infectious disease such as Ebola . More than 10,000 people have died in a West African epidemic of Ebola that dates back to December 2013 , according to the World Health Organization . Almost all of the deaths have been in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . Ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person . CNN 's Carma Hassan , Joe Sutton and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Eight have already returned and three more are due Monday The returning workers are clinicians for Partners in Health , a Boston-based aid group None of them is showing symptoms so far
New York  CNN  -- A group of union-backed organizations joined the loosely defined Occupy Wall Street movement again Tuesday , leaving behind the confines of New York 's financial district for the posh neighborhoods that dot Manhattan 's Upper East Side , according to multiple group representatives . Crowds also swelled in Lower Manhattan 's Zuccotti Park , where demonstrators waved placards and chanted slogans attacking corporate greed and social inequality . The union-organized march , meanwhile , took protesters past the homes of well-to-do residents like billionaire David Koch , News Corp. . CEO Rupert Murdoch and JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon . Organizations such as UnitedNY , the Strong Economy for All Coalition , the Working Families Party , and New York Communities for Change were accompanied by protesters typically based in Zuccotti Park , a privately owned park in New York 's financial district . The Upper East Side march was "  in support " of the Occupy Wall Street movement , but was not organized by it , said T.J. Helmstetter , a spokesman for Working Families Party , a coalition of New York community and labor groups . Protesters hopped on the subway , emerging at Fifth Avenue and 59th Street near Central Park , where organizers held a press conference that addressed both New York-centric themes , such as state taxes , and the movement 's broader concerns of social inequity . "  We are the 99 % , " the group chanted , a reference to their insistence that most Americans lack the influence in their country 's political and financial affairs enjoyed by the elite 1 % . "  I think it 's time that these people realize that people are hurting in this country and it 's time to reform what 's going on in Washington , " said New York resident Lenore Silverstein , who attended Tuesday 's march . Emily Monroe , a North Carolina college student and marcher , said the city 's wealthiest "  are buying billion-dollar apartments and living lavishly , while we are just trying to sustain ourselves . " "  The American dream is no longer possible because these people are stealing from the middle class , " she told CNN Radio . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , meanwhile , said authorities will defend protesters ' right to demonstrate , but he does n't appreciate "  the bashing of all of the hardworking people who live and work here . " "  Our city depends on the jobs that the financial services industry provides , " Bloomberg said during a news conference in the Bronx . He added that he did n't understand what the picketing of wealthy and prominent New Yorkers is intended to achieve . The mayor 's comments coincided with a state comptroller report released Tuesday that predicts Wall Street could lose an additional 10,000 jobs by the end of next year , raising the total number of jobs lost in the securities industry since 2008 to 32,000 . Earlier , in Boston , 129 protesters were arrested during a similar demonstration Tuesday , mostly for "  unlawful assembly and trespassing , " said police spokesman Eddy Chrispin . The group allegedly blocked traffic and refused to disperse while marching to "  areas of the city where they had n't been previously , " he said . Protesters have been occupying Dewey Square Park in downtown Boston , but expanded to the neighboring Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway on Monday night . Protesters were given a 1:30 a.m. deadline to move back to Dewey Square . Those who did not were arrested . The nationwide Occupy movement has been largely peaceful , though it has led to some skirmishes with police and arrests . It has also stoked fervent public debate , including among politicians . Democrats have generally offered sympathy for protesters ' concerns while several Republicans , among them 2012 presidential candidates Herman Cain and Newt Gingrich , have described the demonstrations as "  class warfare . " The movement shows few signs of slowing down . Rallies and marches have been held in numerous towns and cities in recent days , with many more planned . That includes a "  Call to Action Against Banks " planned for Saturday , which New York 's Occupy Wall Street announced on its Facebook site . "  No longer will banks take our homes . No longer will banks rob students of our future . No longer will banks destroy the environment . No longer will banks fund the misery of war . No longer will banks cause massive unemployment . And no longer will banks create and profit from economic crisis without a struggle , " according to the online message Monday . It then urges people to "  visit your local Bank of America , Wells Fargo or Chase  branches  and let them know , we will not allow business as usual . " "  We . Will . Occupy . Everywhere , " the posting ends . CNN Radio 's Steve Kastenbaum , CNNMoney 's Charles Riley and CNN 's Marina Landis contributed to this report	NEW : "  People are stealing from the middle class , " a protester says NEW : Bloomberg says he does n't understand what the picketing is intended to achieve NEW : He says authorities will defend protesters ' right to demonstrate NEW : The New York securities sector could lose 10,000 jobs by 2012 year , report says
CNN  -- Werewolves are usually the stuff of B-movies and bad novels , but last year British author Glen Duncan did the unthinkable in literary circles , crafting a howling good tale out of the weary werewolf myth . The result was the best-selling thriller "  The Last Werewolf . " Critics and readers happily devoured the darkly comic novel . In the book , Jake Marlowe , a 200-year-old lonely lycanthrope , believes himself to be the last of his kind until he meets Talulla Demetriou . It 's your classic tale of boy meets girl , except this pair turn into werewolves , battle vampires and fall in love . While their relationship came to a tragic and bloody end , Demetriou returns in Duncan 's eagerly awaited sequel , "  Talulla Rising . " Hitting bookshelves this week , the supernatural story picks up soon after where "  The Last Werewolf " left off . Talulla is grieving the loss of her werewolf lover ; she 's on the run and about to give birth to Jake 's child , under a full moon no less . To give away any more would spoil the surprise for fans , but suffice to say Talulla turns into a monstrously protective mother . Adventurous readers who are looking for a break from the usual beach read should consider this alternately horrifying and humorous , imaginative and energetic novel . CNN recently spoke to Duncan by telephone from his London home about the new book . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : What was the spark that led you to write "  The Last Werewolf " and "  Talulla Rising " ? Duncan : A combination of mercenary pragmatism and drunken inspiration . After seven novels which , though well-received , had n't made paying the bills any easier , I decided to write something my agent could sell as a book with commercial potential . Cut to New Year 's Eve 2009 . A party , friends , everyone drunk . We 've had the forced-down champagne and abused fireworks on the roof terrace , and are now taking stock of what we 've done in the last year -- and what we plan to do in the new one . Pretty much ex nihilo I said : "  I 'm going to write a novel about the last surviving werewolf . " The idea met with feeble unanimous approval . So I woke up the next morning and started work . CNN : Talulla is such a compelling character , was there a big difference between writing her voice and Jake ? Duncan : Yes . Jake is just me . Or , rather , me in his predicament : not very difficult to write . With Talulla I did n't have the crutch  ahem  of my own gender and personality to lean on . There 's no way of knowing if the imaginative projection is a success except in so far as readers find Talulla a convincing female . Let 's see . CNN : How did you develop the werewolf mythology behind your story ? Were there traditional elements you wanted to keep , change or explore further ? Duncan : I just kept the parts of the traditional mythology I liked , or that served my thematic purpose , and ditched whatever I did n't . Death by silver , I liked , so it was in . Ditto visceral antipathy to vampires . Some versions of the myth allow for the lycanthrope 's voluntary metamorphosis -- but that 's not as rich a moral quandary as being forced to change , whether you like it or not , every full moon . Watch Glen Duncan read an excerpt from "  Talulla Rising " CNN : Do you have a favorite werewolf story and why do you think they have appealed to readers for so long ? Duncan : I 've never read a werewolf story in my life , but my favorite werewolf movie is , of course , "  An American Werewolf in London . "  Closely followed by the brilliantly mad "  Dog Soldiers . "  Myths of metamorphosis are as old as the human ability to tell stories , and survive because they express something fundamental to the psyche . In the case of werewolves , the fear of the beast within , and the desire to be liberated into it . CNN : You 've unleashed your writer 's id in these novels . There 's lots of sex and violence , definitely not for the faint of heart . Was it fun to write ? Duncan : For me writing a novel is n't fun , no matter how much sex and violence it contains . It 's satisfying , yes , to get something right at the level of the sentence , and it 's fun to have finished writing the thing . ... But the actual writing ? No . It 's agony , every day , an endless search for reasons to not start writing . I wish it were otherwise , but there you are . CNN : What would you like readers to take away from "  Talulla Rising " ? Duncan : The feeling of having just read the best werewolf novel  along with its predecessor  the world has yet produced -- what else ? Or , more reasonably : It 's not so different for girls after all . CNN : Is there anything you 've read recently that inspired you ? Duncan : I 'm not reading much contemporary work at the moment  not until the third werewolf book 's done , in fact  , but I 'm a couple of hundred pages into "  Don Quixote " -- which is absolutely hilarious . That 'll last me through summer . Especially if it 's an English summer . CNN : Without giving too much away , it feels like you 've set things up quite nicely for a trilogy . Any hints you can give us about your next novel ? Duncan : Impossible without spoilers . But multiple narrators -- including a vampire -- and a myth of origin for werewolves . Sex , violence , jokes , philosophy , love , death . Business as usual . Read an excerpt from "  Talulla Rising "	Glen Duncan releases his second werewolf novel this week : "  Talulla Rising " Duncan got the inspiration for the series during a drunken New Year 's celebration The novelist predicts his next book will feature : "  Sex , violence , jokes , philosophy , love , death . "
CNN  -- Vampires that sparkle , a human/vampire hybrid baby and something called a Volturi -- even a fan would admit that "  The Twilight Saga " gets complicated toward the end . What begins as a pretty standard girl-meets-vampire love story quickly evolves into a girl/vampire/shape-shifter love triangle , one that eventually includes a memorable  as in , we 're still trying to forget  at-home birth scene . All of that leads up to the final "  Twilight Saga " installment , "  Breaking Dawn -- Part 2 . " With the final chapter now in theaters , some of you might be in need of a brief refresher . You can always speed-read Stephenie Meyer 's four novels or spend at least eight hours watching the first four films , but why do that when we 've broken it all down for you here ? Let 's start with basics -- what 's a Bella Swan ? First , you 're forgiven if you have absolutely zero firsthand knowledge about this character . Honestly , it 's admirable you 've been able to avoid "  Twilight " for this long . Slow clap for that . Isabella "  Bella " Swan  Kristen Stewart  is the heart , eyes and voice of "  Twilight . " At the start of the series she 's a 17-year-old girl who relocates from Arizona to Forks , Washington , to live with her dad when her mom remarries . Bella is awkward and accident-prone and never really feels in step with everyone else , but these are qualities that make her endearing in the "  Twilight " world . She quickly falls for ... . The vampire Edward Cullen Edward Cullen  Robert Pattinson  is a vampire who 's been around for the past century , but he 's also eternally 17 . He lives with his vampire "  family " that 's been cultivated over the years by "  Twilight 's " HVIC  head vampire in charge  , Dr. Carlisle Cullen  Peter Facinelli  . They eat animals rather than humans -- their version of vegetarianism -- and being a vampire for them means sparkling "  like diamonds " when in sunlight . Edward can also read minds , with Bella 's being the exception , and Alice  Ashley Greene  , gets visions about the future . Meyer certainly puts her own spin on vampire lore , but Edward 's still a would-be killer , and he does want to kill Bella at first .  Romance ! When Bella figures out Edward 's secret , she remains pretty calm about his vampirism -- even though he admits to thirsting for her blood , which to him basically smells like doughnuts to a dieter . Life after ` Twilight ' : Readers pick new teams Bella + Edward = 4ever Edward gets over the "  I want to eat you " thing as he gets to know Bella and as she 's constantly put into life-threatening situations . The ever-present vampires out to kill Bella are problematic , considering that these two say they ca n't live without one another . They 're each other 's "  personal brand -LSB- s -RSB- of heroin , " if you will , and they 're both strung out . As best we can tell , this sentiment is established after an impromptu dinner date , some chaste sleepovers and Edward saving her from the natural -- an out-of-control car -- and the supernatural -- vampires , including his own brother at Bella 's 18th birthday party . By then , Edward ca n't deal with endangering her all the time and he bails . Bella falls into deep despair , but soon realizes she can conjure visions of Edward rescuing her if she puts herself in dangerous situations . This leads to a cliff-jumping and near-drowning incident that causes Alice to believe that Bella 's dead , and word works its way back to Edward . Share your review of ` Breaking Dawn Part 2 ' Enter the Volturi The Volturi , which in the movies includes the lovely Dakota Fanning and esteemed Michael Sheen , are a group of lethal  and nattily dressed  vampires who instill a sense of order in "  Twilight 's " vampire universe and shield it from being exposed . Going against their laws is a great way to get killed . Since Edward ca n't bear living without his soulmate Bella , he goes to Volturi home base in Italy on a suicide mission , ready to expose himself as a vampire and attract the Volturi 's wrath . Bella shows up in time to stop Edward , but the Volturi consider her a risk thanks to her extensive knowledge of the vampires ' ways . Alice saves her life by revealing a vision that Bella will soon become a vampire , a transformation Bella 's wanted since the first movie , anyway . That way she would be with Edward for eternity and never age to boot . Edward , however , is against it -- as is Jacob , the other guy . Here 's where the girl/wolf/vampire triangle comes in Jacob Black , played by the supremely sculpted Taylor Lautner , is Quileute and has a gene that causes him to shape-shift into a wolf when vampires are in town . His friendship with Bella deepened when Edward left , and his feelings turn romantic . He makes a strong case for Bella 's affections , and by "  Eclipse " has the girl so confused she winds up kissing him . To be fair , she was worried about what would happen to him in a standoff between the Cullens and a new army of vamps created by a vengeful Victoria .  She was out for Bella 's blood ever since Edward killed her lover James in "  Twilight . " But even after that , Jacob still gets second place to Edward , whom Bella agrees to marry . The birth from "  Twilight " hell Bella and Edward did n't have sex until after they got married because of Edward 's old-fashioned ways  the guy 's been around since 1901 , after all  . Plus he was worried he 'd crush her to death in the heat of the moment .  Again , with the romance . The deal was to turn Bella into a vampire after she tied the knot , but they hold off a bit so she can experience her wedding night without the distraction of unquenchable bloodthirst . After Edward swept Bella away to a family-owned island for their honeymoon , the sex "  Twilight " fans devoured three books and three movies for finally happens . Bella 's bruised , but satisfied ... and also pregnant . Through some technicalities that were never covered in our sex education class , Bella and Edward made a hybrid baby , which means the part-vampire fetus slowly kills her from the inside . In what some have read as an anti-abortion plotline , Bella insists on keeping her baby against the wishes of loved ones , including Edward . The majority of "  Breaking Dawn -- Part I " chronicles Bella 's torturous pregnancy , which demands that she drink a steady diet of blood ... . even before she actually becomes a vampire . OK , you 're caught up now Giving birth to a vampire/human child is a spine-breaking horror show , one so gory that Edward had no choice but to turn Bella into a vampire to save her . But before they can be a happy , mostly vampire family with their new baby Renesmee -- who ages at a much faster rate than a human child -- the threat of the Volturi rises once again . And that 's where we pick things up in "  Breaking Dawn -- Part 2 . " The last installment has not only promised us an epic battle and a twist ending , but Bella finding out about Jacob 's "  imprinting , " when he becomes uncontrollably attached to baby Renesmee on sight and completely devoted to her for life . Like we said -- it gets complicated .	"  The Twilight Saga " gets a bit complicated toward the end The prior four films have been building up to this weekend 's "  Breaking Dawn -- Part 2 " Writer authors a "  refresher course " for those who need to catch up
CNN  -- A teenage girl was raped at the same Keith Urban show where 20 people got so drunk they were hospitalized , police said . The attack happened in front of a large crowd of other concertgoers on the lawn of the Xfinity Center , an outdoor amphitheater in Mansfield , Massachusetts , on Saturday night , a police statement said . The rape ended when a woman in the crowd pushed the alleged attacker off the victim and he fled , police said . Sean Murphy , 18 , was arrested "  a short time later " and charged with rape , police said . "  Officers conducting the investigation were assisted by patrons that had been concerned and took photos and video of the assault on their cellular phones , " the Mansfield Police statement said . "  Those phones are being processed to recover the digital evidence of the assault . " Murphy entered a not guilty plea in court and was released on $ 10,000 bond . "  Put simply , this was a consensual act , not a sexual assault , " his lawyer said in a statement to CNN on Wednesday . "  There are no allegations of force or violence against him . This was a private act that regrettably occurred in a public place . Mr. Murphy deeply regrets this incident and I am sure the young woman does as well . The young woman was neither intoxicated nor overcome by drugs at the time . Mr. Murphy has no criminal history whatsoever . " "  You are going to need to go through local authorities on this one , " Urban 's representative told CNN when asked for a comment Wednesday . The country star and "  American Idol " judge posted a video on YouTube after the show Saturday night commenting on what he saw on the lawn from the stage . "  Up on the lawn tonight , that was nutso . It was so cool , " he said . Fans hospitalized after ` nutso ' Keith Urban concert More than 20 people were hospitalized after the concert in eastern Massachusetts , police said . Another 50 were taken into protective custody , and several others were arrested over "  alcohol-related issues , " local authorities said . "  In total , fire and EMS attended to 46 medicals resulting in 22 transports mostly alcohol-related , " said Mansfield , Massachusetts , Police Chief Ron Sellon and Fire Chief Neal Boldrighini in a joint statement . "  Police dealt with a steady stream of intoxicated persons as well , resulting in over 50 people being taken into protective custody and a number of others arrested for alcohol-related issues . " About 18,000 attended the concert at Xfinity Center in Mansfield , about 30 miles south of Boston . Tim McGraw rep : He swatted fan to save his pants Dozens hospitalized during Avicii concert in Boston CNN 's Mayra Cuevas , Todd Leopold and Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	NEW : The suspect 's lawyer says it "  was a consensual act , not a sexual assault " Police say the rape happened "  in front of a large crowd " on the lawn of Xfinity Center A woman stopped the attack by pushing a man away , and he fled , police say
CNN  -- Two advocacy groups filed a federal complaint Tuesday alleging a North Carolina school district 's treatment of three Latino families was discriminatory because it did not provide important information in Spanish . The Southern Poverty Law Center and Advocates for Children 's Services , a project of Legal Aid of North Carolina , filed the complaint with the U.S. Department of Justice 's Office for Civil Rights . They say that in the cases of three students and their Spanish-speaking parents , the Wake County Public School System failed to provide documents about the students ' suspensions in Spanish . That meant the parents , who speak limited English , were unable to ask questions or even appeal the suspensions , which discriminated against them on the basis of national origin and violated their civil rights , the groups say . The school district responded by saying it has many programs in place to support and inform Latino and Spanish-speaking families . It also provided forms in Spanish , including notification of suspension , a form for parents to request information on disciplinary actions , and confirmation that a parent has made an appeal . The school district has had the Spanish-language forms since the mid-1990s , said Samiha Khanna , spokeswoman for the district 's Office of Family and Community Engagement . After media inquiries about the groups ' complaints , Superintendent Tony Tata said last month , "  We have been proactively engaging all students and families in the Wake County Public School System , including those in the Latino community . " North Carolina 's capital , Raleigh , is in Wake County . He added that "  as a district , WCPSS has developed relationships with key community groups , leaders and media partners to support the needs of our Spanish-speaking families . " The district has several measures to help Spanish-speaking families understand school policies , including Spanish-language parental training , explanation of policies through Spanish-language media and bilingual customer service representatives . The advocacy groups said the Spanish-language forms did not help the three families in these cases . "  Whether they gave these parents the blank forms themselves in Spanish , in no instances in these cases did they provide the form in writing with individualized information about their students in Spanish , " said Sean Driscoll , spokesman for Legal Aid of North Carolina . "  They may have given them the form , but the form did n't include the individualized information about their students in Spanish . " Jerri Katzerman , the deputy legal director for the Southern Poverty Law Center , also said the Spanish-language forms are often filled in using English , with descriptive information about students left out . "  It 's inadequate , and it certainly does n't benefit the family who 's trying to participate in the child 's education , " she said . "  These are the absolute core and key responsibilities of a school system , " she added , especially because of the number of Latino and Spanish-speaking families in the Wake County district . Latino students comprise 15 % of the district 's student population , the advocacy groups said , and students with parents who speak limited English are 7.5 % . As part of the same complaint , the Southern Poverty Law Center is also representing an unidentified class of students and their families with the same allegation of discrimination , Katzerman said . The three students specifically represented by the advocacy groups , who are identified only by their initials , were all recommended for long-term suspensions and have mothers who speak limited English , the groups said . The first case is that of a 12-year-old with a learning disability . The school 's information about his suspension was in English , so the student 's mother did n't know she could appeal , the groups said . The second student was a ninth-grader , also with a learning disability . After she was accused of smoking marijuana on campus , the school recommended she be suspended for the rest of the school year . The girl 's mother could not understand the assistant principal when he called to discuss her daughter 's suspension , and the mother was unable to ask questions , the groups said . Letters about her daughter 's disciplinary actions were also in English , they said . In the third case , the student was suspended after being accused of marijuana possession , and the notice of his suspension was sent to the student 's mother in English only . The mother wanted to appeal but was n't given information in Spanish about her son 's alleged offense . The mother also requested her son be tested for special education services , but all of the written information about his eligibility was in English , they said . By the time the mother managed to appeal her son 's suspension , he had been out of school for more than three weeks because the mother had missed the deadline because of her limited English , the groups said .	Complaint filed against school district in Wake County , North Carolina They say the district gave English forms to Spanish-speaking families They filed a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education The district says it has Spanish forms and outreach programs
CNN  -- Police in the Swedish capital , Stockholm , have called in reinforcements after the city 's suburbs were hit by a fifth night of riots . Gangs set fire to two schools and a police station in the city on Thursday , police spokesman Kjell Lindgren told CNN . About 30 cars were also torched , with the blaze from one vehicle spreading to a nearby shop . "  Police and firemen were also attacked again with rocks overnight , but no one was severely hurt , " Lindgren said . "  The level of violence has decreased , " he added , "  but the problem remains . " Extra police have been called in to help officers deal with the riots and a number of other events , including football matches , planned to take place in the city over the weekend . Read more : Swedish suburbs shaken by violence "  Our resources are very stretched , so we need additional officers to make sure we cope with all the events and this violence , " Lindgren said . The riots broke out after days of rising tensions following the death of a 69-year-old man who was shot by police earlier this month while wielding a machete in the Stockholm suburb of Husby . However , police say they are not sure what sparked the outbreak of violence . The area is blighted by high unemployment and crime levels . A total of 29 people have so far been arrested in connection with the riots , Stockholm Police said in a statement on their website . Read more : Swedish capital sees 3 nights of riots The city 's police chief pledged that more culprits would likely be arrested in the coming days . "  Initially we encountered a lot of violence , so our priority was to ensure the safety of the firemen , " Mats Lofving said in a statement . "  Now we are gearing up our ambition to start arresting more people . "  We have a lot of filmed material that we will be studying closely . We hope to arrest more of those who may think that they have gotten away with it because the worst is over . " Earlier this week , Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt vowed to take a stand against the rioters . "  We have to show that we wo n't allow a group of young men who believe in the use of violence to run society , " Reinfeldt said .	Swedish capital , Stockholm , rocked by a fifth night of riots Two schools and a police station attacked and set on fire , 30 cars torched Police call in reinforcements from neighboring districts to help deal with violence Tensions high since police shot dead a 69-year-old man armed with a machete
Washington  CNN  It 's the mistake that Hillary Clinton wo n't make again : ignoring her gender . The low-key video she released on Sunday announcing her run for the White House is filled with women -- young , old , black , white , Asian and Latina -- working in their gardens , taking care of their kids and getting ready for life in the working world . Clinton , who made herself the center of her campaign announcement in 2007 , is barely in the video at all , appearing at the end as a kind of everywoman whose story and fight could be folded in with all the others . "  I 'm getting ready to do something , too . I 'm running for president , " Clinton said in the video . "  Everyday Americans need a champion , and I want to be that champion -- so you can do more than just get by -- you can get ahead . " Clinton often says there 's no better time in history to be born female than the present . She 's now betting that there is no better time for her to make history as the nation 's first woman president . The challenge for Clinton in breaking the "  highest , hardest glass ceiling " that she described in 2008 is laying out a precise campaign vision that connects with all voters , while generating excitement and anticipation over the possibility of making history . Clinton could be helped by an improving climate for women in politics . There are historic numbers of women in Congress , and the idea of "  leaning in " is a catch phrase among professional women . Meanwhile , the feminism label does n't seem as charged as it once was -- people from Beyonce to actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt are identifying as feminist . "  As far as the political culture and culture in general , this is as good a time as any for a women to run for the highest office . There is a willingness now to promote pro-women messages , " said Jennifer Lawless , who runs the Women & Politics Institute at American University . "  People are ready for a woman president . The question is this : Are they ready for Hillary as that woman ? " According to a recent Pew poll , nearly three quarters of Americans expect to see a woman president in their lifetime . But that hope splits along partisan -- not gender -- lines . Only 20 % of Republican women hope to see a woman president and nearly 70 % of Democratic women do . INTERACTIVE : Hillary Clinton tries again In the run-up to her announcement and at women-centered events , Clinton sometimes strode on stage to the song "  I 'm Every Woman , " and recalled how she juggled work and motherhood as a young lawyer . She has acknowledged a double standard for women and advised women to be tough . She has also frequently mentioned her granddaughter , Charlotte , as the reason she wants to remain in public life , a theme that will no doubt be heard on the campaign trail as she kicks off a tour in Iowa this week with small events . She made pushing for the expansion of the rights of women and girls part of her diplomatic work as secretary of state , as detailed in her book "  Hard Choices . " Her new campaign website is plastered with pictures of women , with Clinton , in a blue cloth coat , holding a cup of coffee listening intently to another woman as a man looks on . The emphasis on women -- and the progress of women -- as a possible underlying campaign theme is a reversal of her 2008 strategy , which stressed experience and competence over history . But the problem with that approach was that avoiding the obvious was n't possible and did n't make for good politics . "  She is the gender card . She does n't need to play it because she embodies it . She is the woman candidate . She has shared women 's experiences . Being a mom and a grandmother , " said Democratic pollster Celinda Lake . "  She will just naturally bring it in . If she overplayed it , which she wo n't , it could backfire . " Republicans certainly hope the gender play backfires and that voters are fatigued by the kind of identity politics that have defined the Obama years . The Wayne LaPierre , the National Rifle Association 's president , put it this way at the group 's recent annual meeting : "  Eight years of one demographically symbolic president is enough . " Speaking on CNN 's "  State of the Union " Sunday , Tennessee Rep. Marsha Blackburn acknowledged that many women would like to see a female president in their lifetime but said she did n't think it would be Clinton . "  There 's a couple of things there . Trust , honesty -- those get in her way , " Blackburn said . "  As we talk about the polling that is out there , that gets in Hillary 's way and she 's not authentic . " In 2014 , Democratic candidates such as former Colorado Sen. Mark Udall proved that the "  war on women " style of campaigning that worked so well in 2012 had reached its limits . Udall lost that race and picked up the nickname "  Mark Uterus " along the way for his incessant focus on women 's issues . And Democrats found that in states such as Texas , Kentucky and Georgia , white married women and white working class women tended to prefer Republicans . Katie Packer Gage , who has been talking to women in focus groups about Clinton 's run , said that to many women , the "  idea of Hillary is more popular than the reality . " "  She starts out having some benefits of gender because she is something different , but then starts to feel like a typical politician and gets back down to earth , " said Packer Gage , who runs Burning Glass Consulting , a firm that coaches Republicans on appealing to women voters . "  You do see her starting to frame her campaign as a campaign for women , but that 's a narrow campaign , not a winning campaign . You are n't going to win 100 % of women . " Among Republicans , former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina might mount a challenge to Clinton and try to neutralize some of the former first lady 's strengths as the lone woman in a field dominated by men . Fiorina released a Facebook video Sunday in which she said Clinton was a "  highly intelligent woman " but does n't have a track record of accomplishment or trustworthiness . "  She 's not the woman for the White House , " Fiorina said . And among Democrats , former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb could jump in and be the champion for the white working man , a demographic that he has said is left out of the Democrat 's increasingly diverse tent . Kentucky GOP Sen. Rand Paul , who launched his presidential campaign last week , has noted that the Clinton Foundation took money from foreign countries who oppress women , suggesting that the pro-woman framing wo n't be an easy sell . But Clinton will have some high-profile champions . Moments after her announcement , top Democrats rolled out endorsements , including Barbara Mikulski , the first Democratic woman elected to the Senate in her own right . "  Whoopee , Hillary is off and running , " she wrote in a statement . "  I 'm ready for Hillary . And America is ready for Hillary . She is going to break that glass ceiling once and for all . " At a recent EMILY 's List event before announcing her run , Clinton asked her supporters : "  Do n't you someday want to see a woman president ? " In that particular crowd the answering was a resounding yes . But it 's unlikely that the same question will make it in her campaign speeches . After all , the answer across the country is much more complicated .	Hillary Clinton could be helped by an improving climate for women in politics Republicans hope the gender play backfires and that voters are fatigued by identity politics The emphasis on women as a possible campaign theme is a reversal of her 2008 strategy
InStyle.com  -- What do Hollywood beauty insiders  and their celebrity clients  know that we do n't ? After this article , not much . In Style gets them to give up their trade secrets For a quick , clean way to avoid mascara smudges , hold a plastic spoon under the upper and lower lashes . 1 . Get featured "  Every woman has one thing that she needs to ` fix ' on her face and one thing that 's really great about it . If you 're not sure what they are , ask your best friend . " -- Stila Cosmetics founder Jeanine Lobell 2 . Brighten eyes "  Smudge a bit of deep navy eyeliner on the inner rims of the upper lids when you 're done with the rest of your eye makeup . Gently lifting lashes with your fingers or glancing down into a handheld mirror will help you see where the eyeliner is going . The blue color makes the whites of your eyes stand out . " -- Makeup artist Carmindy 3 . Fix blemishes "  Mix together one packet of dry yeast with the juice of half a lemon and spread over a blemish for five minutes . This works wonderfully to dry it out . " -- Esthetician Sonya Dakar 4 . Work your brows "  Use ash-tone powders to fill in brows for natural-looking definition . The eyebrows provide a frame for the face , so it 's important to keep them well groomed . " -- Makeup artist Jillian Dempsey 5 . Tame flyaways "  Carry dryer sheets ; if frizzies threaten to ruin your look , run a sheet over your hair to subdue flyaway strands . When you need to take a model 's photo fast , this trick really does work . " -- Hairstylist Clyde Haygood 6 . Master nude lips "  Line your lips with a neutral liner . Then fill in both lips -- except for the centers -- so that you can have the look of major shine when you apply a clear lip gloss . " -- Makeup artist Mally Roncal 7 . Pop your peepers "  Spotlight your eyes without being too obvious by blending a highlighter like Yves Saint Laurent 's Touche clat into the inner corners . Do n't use shimmer powder , which can look too girly . " -- Makeup artist AJ Crimson 8 . Lay a foundation "  Concealer should always follow foundation . If you put it on first and then you blend on the foundation , you 're essentially erasing all your handiwork . If you layer concealer on top , it 's staying where it needs to stay and doing its job . " -- Carmindy 9 . Later , tired eyes ! "  To perk up eyes in record time , dab under the eye area with aloe vera gel for temporary firming . " -- Sonya Dakar 10 . Stroke differently "  Utilize two kinds of mascaras -- coat the top lashes with a volumizing one to create thickness and the bottom ones with a waterproof formula to put raccoon eyes to rest . " -- Jillian Dempsey 11 . Angle arches "  To give your brows color , shine and great hold , take a little bit of MAC Oh Baby lip gloss and comb it through the eyebrows . A word of warning : Make sure you 're wearing your hair pulled back ! " -- Mally Roncal 12 . Pump your pout "  For subtly fuller lips , overdraw the cupid 's bow with Make Up For Ever 's double-tipped concealer pencil in a shade lighter than your skin tone , soften the line by smudging and then gloss lips . " -- AJ Crimson 13 . Heat up your hair "  To maximize the benefit of a rich conditioner , leave it in and stand in a steamy shower for 10 minutes once a week . It 's great to let the steam break down the conditioner -- and it 's beneficial for your skin as well . " -- Hairstylist Kimberly Kimble 14 . Skip the cake  y "  A lot of my celebrity clients like to mix my omega oils with their body foundation for a sheer , non-cakey finish . " -- Sonya Dakar 15 . Lash out "  Those with hard-to-reach blond lash roots can use a very fine-tip black liquid liner to accomplish what a bulkier mascara wand can not by painting color directly onto individual lashes . The smaller the tip and the handle , the better . " -- Carmindy 16 . Draw the line "  To make liquid liner less intimidating to use , create a liner ` stencil ' by going over the lash line with taupe pencil first . Then apply liquid liner over that . " -- Jillian Dempsey 17 . Got silk ? "  Silk scarves , rollers , bonnets and pillowcases used at night help my clients , like Gabrielle Union , maintain their glossy styles longer . Cotton dries hair out and undoes the hairstyle . Silk keeps the curl and shape of your hair intact . " -- Kimberly Kimble 18 . Live in color "  Bring attention to your eyes by using a contrasting shade of mascara . Wearing burgundy or navy instead of ordinary black or brown is a great way to accentuate your eye color . " -- Jillian Dempsey 19 . Soften up "  To keep skin soft and smooth , especially in winter , avoid hot water in the bath and shower , and apply Burt 's Bees Baby Bee Apricot Baby Oil to damp skin before slathering on a rich body cream . This will keep skin on all parts of the body nourished and glowing . " -- Sonya Dakar 20 . Get smoky eyes fast "  I 've done this trick to give Ashlee Simpson-Wentz a smoky eye in a pinch . Use a dark plum or deep green pencil all over the lid , inner rim and lower lash line and smudge it out with a cotton swab . " -- Mally Roncal 21 . Smooth your strands "  To care for end-of-summer hair , -LSB- clients like Evangeline Lilly -RSB- coat theirs midway down to the ends with a deep conditioner first , followed with a bodifying shampoo on the roots only . " -- Clyde Haygood 22 . Stop smudges "  For a quick , clean way to avoid mascara smudges , hold a plastic spoon under the upper and lower lashes to shield the rest of your eye makeup . It fits right under your eye , and you just throw it in the trash when you 're done . " -- Carmindy 23 . Get set "  Extend the life of your eyeliner by setting it with powder and going over it with a matching shade of shadow . It makes the eyeliner bulletproof . " -- Mally Roncal 24 . Save face "  Exfoliating is the most important thing you can do to make skin prettier . By cleansing your face every night with a fresh washcloth -- which is more sanitary than reusing a sponge -- and using enzyme-based masks on a regular basis , the outer layer of dead cells is eliminated , leaving the newest , softest skin . " -- facialist Nerida Joy Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Hollywood beauty insiders give up their trade secrets Use dryer sheets to tame hair flyaways , beauty expert says Facialist : "  Exfoliating is the most important thing you can do to make skin prettier " Silk instead of cotton will help keep the shape of your hair better at night
CNN  Not one , but two French citizens have been connected to beheadings in a recent ISIS video , both of them 22-year-old men who went to Syria to join the group , authorities said Wednesday . The Paris prosecutor 's office on Wednesday identified Mickael Dos Santos , a convert to Islam from the Paris suburb of Champigny-sur-Marne who was well-known to French anti-terror authorities before the ISIS video release . Why are so many young French turning to jihad ? In fact , an October 2013 warrant for Dos Santos ' arrest was issued as part of an investigation into French citizens who had gone to Syria to take part in ISIS jihad there , the prosecutor 's office said . Dos Santos joins Maxime Hauchard , who authorities said Monday was also on the video , released over the weekend , that depicts in graphic detail , the beheadings of men whom ISIS militants claim were Syrian government pilots . It also shows the aftermath of another beheading in which the victim in not clearly recognizable , but that the U.S. government says was American aid worker Peter Kassig . Public Prosecutor Francois Molins described Hauchard -- who went to Syria in 2013 and visiting Mauritania the previous year -- is a "  self-radicalized " jihadist who traveled to the region under the guise of a humanitarian mission . He was known to French security services as far back as 2011 , the prosecutor said . More barbaric ISIS videos expected after Kassig 's death , analyst says Speaking from Australia alongside Prime Minister Tony Abbott , French President Fran  ois Hollande said his country 's judicial system will work to establish "  exactly what role " the two French men played , though the mere fact they came from France and became involved at all warrants attention and action . "  We have to be even more aware , even in terms of the information that needs to be handed out , in terms of the danger that Internet sites carry and how these young people can be indoctrinated , " Hollande said . "  They could be from any background , from any ethnic origin , but they easily can be brainwashed into becoming converts . " The ranks of ISIS -- the extremist group calling itself the Islamic State that 's taken over vast swaths of Syria and Iraq -- have swelled with volunteers coming from outside the region , including from the West . How foreign fighters are bolstering ISIS Intelligence estimates indicate that more than 100 of the foreign fighters in Iraq and Syria have come from the United States . Hundreds more arrived from Europe , including more than 900 French citizens that country 's government believes are involved in the jihad there . This influx has spurred concerns that some of these fighters could bring the fight back home , perhaps with attacks inside Western nations . Those worries have been heightened by the group 's brutal tactics against foe and civilians alike , such as raping , enslaving and selling Iraqi women belonging to the Yazidi religious minority . Last week , a United Nations panel stated what many consider obvious : ISIS has committed war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria . Yazidi women ` treated like cattle ' The most high-profile of these abuses -- because they were taped and publicized as propaganda , for all the world to see -- have been the beheadings of ISIS captives . The mother of the first American so killed , journalist James Foley , said that her family is in touch with Kassig 's family and that they are "  heartbroken another American has given his life for the suffering people of Syria . " The West is fighting back , with many countries -- including France -- allying with Iraq to conduct airstrikes targeting ISIS in that country . The United States has also led airstrikes going after the group in Syria . From Monday to Wednesday , for instance , the U.S.-led coalition launched five airstrikes near the northern Syrian city of Kobani and one targeting an oil collection point in al-Hasakah , in addition to a strike targeting a facility purportedly used by the so-called Khorasan Group . There were even more strikes in Iraq , including 13 near Kirkuk , seven near Mosul , three near Baiji and one near Fallujah , according to the U.S. military . OPINION : Kassig 's murder a sign of weakness from a terror group on the run ISIS has n't relented much either , including unleashing yet more violence Wednesday . At least four people died and 29 others were wounded after a vehicle drove up to the entrance to a government building in Irbil , the strongly fortified capital of Iraqi Kurdistan , and exploded , according to Kurdistan Regional Government spokesman Safeen Dizayee . Police "  who tried to stop " the vehicle were among the dead , he said . Dizayee added that ISIS -- which is active in northern Iraq -- claimed responsibility for the attack . Meanwhile , fighting continues in Syria as well , some of it near the Turkish border . John Allen , the former commander of American forces in Afghanistan now charged with coordinating the coalition to battle ISIS , met with officials in the Turkish capital of Ankara about that fight on Wednesday . The same day , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan called for more to be done -- including establishing no-fly zones and bolstering "  train and equip " efforts for those fighting ISIS . Turkey has spoken out against ISIS , while also expressing opposition to groups of Kurdish fighters that are among those trying to defeat the group . "  The coalition powers still have not taken these steps we asked for and recommended , " Erdogan said , according to a report from the semi-official Anadolu news agency . "  We are living this process on small hints and possibilities . " CNN 's Laura Akhoun and Marion Lory in Paris , Elizabeth Joseph in Hong Kong , as well as CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh and journalist Zeynep Bilginsoy in Gaziantep , Turkey , contributed to this report .	Prosecutor : Mickael Dos Santos was wanted by French authorities before video U.S.-led coalition strikes ISIS targets around Iraq and Syria , U.S. military says France 's President says two French citizens are in latest ISIS beheadings video
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some 65 years after their service , the 300 surviving Women Airforce Service Pilots are being honored with the Congressional Gold Medal . The House of Representatives on Tuesday passed a measure awarding the women one of the national 's highest civilian honors . The Senate passed a similar measure in May and President Obama is expected to sign it . Jane Tedeschi when she was in the Women Airforce Service Pilot program . With only about a quarter of the former WASPs still alive and all in their late 80s or older , it was important for the House to act quickly , Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , a sponsor of the bill , told CNN . "  This is a largely overlooked veterans group . They have n't gotten the medals they deserve , the recognition they deserve , " Ros-Lehtinen told CNN . From the time she was about 8 years old , Jane Tedeschi wanted to fly . " -LSB- Charles -RSB- Lindbergh was flying across the Atlantic , and a lot of other people were flying air races and things like that . It was very romantic , " she said . Flight was still relatively new in the 1920s and 1930s , and female pilots were few . But Tedeschi was determined . In 1941 , she found a childhood friend who taught flying and started taking lessons . After the friend was sent off to war and the airport near her home in Bethesda , Maryland , was closed to private flying , she traveled about 40 miles to Frederick and spent nights on the floor of a farmhouse to continue her lessons . Around the same time , Deanie Parrish was working in a bank in Avon Park , Florida , and kept seeing aviation students who were attending a flying school there . "  I asked an instructor ` Why ca n't I learn to fly , ' and he did n't have an answer ... so I decided to find out for myself . " She found an instructor and started taking lessons . These two women were not only fulfilling a personal dream . Along with 1,100 other women , they would become an instrumental part of the war effort during World War II , becoming the first women to fly U.S. military aircraft . The Women Airforce Service Pilots was born in 1942 to create a corps of female pilots able to fill all types of flying jobs at home to free male military pilots to travel to the front . In the days after the outbreak of the war , Jacqueline Cochran , one of the country 's leading female pilots at the time , went to a key general to argue that women would be just as capable pilots as men if they were given the same training . She won the argument , and the program was launched . Parrish joined up at age 21 in November 1943 . "  Everybody was doing something , " she said . "  I wanted to do something for my country . " Some 25,000 women pilots applied , and 1,830 were accepted . They had to pay their own way to Texas for 21 to 27 weeks of rigorous training , for which they received less pay than the male cadets in the same program , Parrish said . Candidates had to be at least 21 years old and at least 5-feet , one-half inch tall . When Tedeschi underwent a physical , she was told her height was only 5 feet . Watch Tedeschi recall WWII " "  I frowned , " she recalled . "  I said I need that half-inch , so he wrote it down . " She was in . Eventually 1,102 women completed the program and were assigned to one of 120 bases across the country to start their missions . Depending on the base , they did everything from participating in ground-to-air anti-aircraft practice ; towing targets for air-to-air gunnery practice with live ammunition ; flying drones ; conducting night exercises ; testing repaired aircraft before they were used in cadet training ; serving as instructors ; and transporting cargo and male pilots to embarkation points . "  We were still civilians . All of our training was to make -LSB- Army -RSB- Air Corps pilots , " Tedeschi said . They flew more than 60 million miles in every type of aircraft -- from the PT-17 and AT-6 trainers , the fastest attack planes like the A-24 and A-25 or heavy bombers such as B-17s or B-29s . Paid $ 250 a month , the women were not officially part of the military -- receiving no benefits , no honors . Eventually Parrish was sent to Florida where she flew a B-26 bomber for air-to-air target practice , training gunners for combat . Tedeschi , who graduated in May 1944 , was sent to a Selma , Alabama , base which did more engineering work . "  We did whatever they asked us , " she recalled in a CNN interview . "  You knew enough about flying you could adapt ... sometimes it was a little tougher . " For instance , she would take planes up after repair which could involve acrobatic work -- "  which , of course , we liked to do , " or be called to do night flying . While the work was technically non-combat , it could be dangerous . Thirty eight of the pilots were killed . Parrish recalled the military would not allow the flag to be put on a colleague 's coffin . "  It still bothers me , " she told CNN . As the war was winding down in December 1944 , the program was closed -- with no recognition from the government and not much help for the women who served . "  You got home the best way you could , " said Parrish . "  I paid my own way home . " The women then went off to restart their prewar lives -- but without getting any of the help that male veterans were getting . Several of the women , however , said they were not bitter since the only reason they had signed up was to do their part for the country , pointing out that they were just like the thousands of other women who also learned new skills and went to work in the factories to replace male workers sent off to war . "  We were proud of what we did , and the war was over . It was time to get on , " said Tedeschi , who is married and 89 years old . But many Americans were not aware of their efforts . The WASP records were sealed for more than 30 years . In 1977 Congress voted to make them eligible for veterans ' benefits . "  I did n't care for veteran status , but now I could have a flag on my coffin ... that is important to me , " Parrish said . Parrish married a pilot after the war . She and her daughter , Nancy , for over a decade have documented the work of the WASPs . Read more about the WASPs at the Wings Across America Web site . While some of the WASPs say the medal itself is a nice gesture , more importantly they say they hope the publicity will teach younger generations about their accomplishments and remind some still skeptical men just how capable women are . "  People all over the country will hear about it . It will be a national event , " Parrish said .	NEW : Congress votes to give women Congressional Gold Medal First women to fly U.S. military aircraft are honored for service Women helped train male pilots during World War II
CNN  -- The fatal shooting at a Reno , Nevada , medical building this week does not appear to be a random act of violence , police said without elaborating Wednesday . Police identified the three victims and were waiting to release the deceased shooter 's name until his next of kin was notified . Dr. Charles Gholdoian , 46 , was killed , and patient Shawntae Spears , 20 , was wounded , Reno Deputy Police Chief Mac Venzon said at a news conference . Dr. Christine Lajeunesse is in critical condition , but conscious , a spokeswoman for the city told CNN on Wednesday night . Spears and Lajeunesse suffered single gunshot wounds . Spears also is in critical condition at Renown Regional Medical Center . The investigation , which includes interviews with 29 witnesses , indicates the shooter walked past the front desk to a patient exam room area and fired five rounds from his 12-gauge shotgun . He later killed himself with the weapon , Venzon said . The shooting occurred at the Urology Nevada office on the third floor of a medical building near Renown , leading investigators to believe it was n't random , Venzon said . Asked to explain , the deputy chief said the shooter passed the first and second floors , and making "  his way to the third floor of the building would indicate to me this is not a random event . " He further said that it did not appear the shooter had a relationship with any of the victims , but the matter is still under investigation . Police do n't have a motive . Kat Raco , an ophthalmic technician who works on the second floor of the Nevada Advanced Medicine building , told CNN that she heard at least two large booms and then the sound of scampering feet above her . Raco said she and others in her office were seeing patients when the shooting occurred and first thought someone or something had fallen . Police were there quickly , she said , telling them to lock the doors and not let anyone in . About 10 minutes after that , more police escorted everyone on the second floor to a catwalk between the building and a parking garage . A plainclothes officer asked questions before staff was allowed to leave about 45 minutes after the shooting . "  The police handled it in the best way possible , " Raco said . "  They were very professional and calm . Everyone  in the office  stayed pretty calm . " Raco said there are no armed guards in the building . The medical center describes itself as the only Level II trauma center in that region of Nevada and is home to the area 's only Children 's Hospital , its website says . The facility also offers the region 's largest number of clinical research trials . Last month , there was a hospital shooting in Wisconsin when police shot and wounded an armed man on the neonatal intensive care floor of a Milwaukee-area children 's hospital , authorities said . Milwaukee police had gone to the Children 's Hospital of Wisconsin to arrest the man on a felony warrant and found him holding a child in the intensive care unit , authorities said . Instead of surrendering , the man took out a handgun and fled down a hallway , prompting police to shoot him . Colorado school shooter planned larger attack , Sheriff 's Office says Newtown shooting a year later : America reflects CNN 's Mayra Cuevas , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Chandler Friedman and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : City official identifies third victim as Dr. Christine Lajeunesse Dr. Charles Gholdoian killed , and patient Shawntae Spears is in critical condition , police say The gunman died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound , police say They say the shooting was n't random but decline to speculate on a motive
CNN  -- If you 're watching the first round of the National Basketball Association playoffs this weekend , take a good look at the players ' jerseys . You 'll see the standard features : names of the teams , numbers and names of the players . Make a mental picture of what you 're looking at . Because there 's a chance the old-style jerseys may become just a memory . As Richard Sandomir of the New York Times reported , NBA owners at a meeting in New York this month were presented with a display of six mannequin torsos . Three of the mannequins wore Chicago Bulls jerseys . Three wore Boston Celtics jerseys . But the jerseys had been intentionally altered , for the owners ' consideration . They were festooned with advertising . The prominence of the on-jersey ads varied : One version did away with the team name and replaced it with the name of a corporate advertiser ; a second version featured the advertiser 's name beneath the player 's number ; a third put the advertiser 's logo on a strap of the jersey . The NBA has not decided whether it will begin the move to jerseys bearing ads . None of the four major North American sports leagues -- the NBA , Major League Baseball , the National Football League and the National Hockey League -- permits advertising on team uniforms . But other professional sports -- auto racing , golf and soccer -- let athletes display ads on their clothing . And when Sandomir asked Adam Silver , deputy commissioner of the NBA , about the league 's position on instituting jerseys with ads , Silver said : "  If we add sponsor logos to jerseys , we recognize that some of our fans will think we 've lost our minds . But the NBA is a global business and logos on jerseys are well-established in other sports and commonplace outside the U.S. " If and when it happens -- if the NBA becomes the first major American sports league to turn uniforms into advertising billboards -- the surprising thing may turn out to be how quickly the public , after expressing initial consternation , decides that it 's no big deal . Advertising once was seen as having the potential to be an unwelcome intrusion of hucksterism into places where hucksterism did not belong . But if there was a line that was not supposed to be crossed , that line was obliterated long ago . Not only is advertising ubiquitous and largely unquestioned today , it has managed to become a sought-after symbol of something 's -- or someone 's -- worth . If a national corporation -- a soft drink , a breakfast cereal , an energy bar -- pays to put its brand on the T-shirt for a charity race , or on a local school 's football stadium , or in the program for a college reunion , there is a sense of officially making the big time . "  Selling out " was for years a pejorative phrase , but it has lost much of its punch ; national advertisers have worked so effectively to elevate the power of their brands , that there is status inherent in being connected with them and with their success . To paraphrase the old Dean Martin song : You 're nobody till somebody buys you . And , increasingly , national companies do n't even have to offer money to people to promote their brands -- people pay their own money to do just that for the companies . All the customers who eagerly hand over cash so they can wear the Nike swoosh become free ambassadors for the manufacturer . At least the hardy souls who wear sandwich boards on city sidewalks to promote stores and products are compensated for doing it . Objecting to this trend is futile . It has been building steadily for years . The Chicago Bulls won their first three NBA championships while playing in the classically named Chicago Stadium , but their second three championships were won while playing in the new United Center , sponsored by the airline , and it just seemed like the way of the world . People sometimes bemoan encroaching commercialism inside Wrigley Field , home of the Chicago Cubs , but that ballpark was , in contemporary parlance , and early adopter of you-can ` t-escape-it advertising , having been named for the man who owned it , a chewing-gum manufacturer . If there was a stigma associated with advertising appearing in untraditional places , it is all but gone . Should the NBA decide to go forward with ads on jerseys , the players will probably put up a fight until they get their desired percentage of the income from the sponsors , but that will be negotiated . If the players resist , the owners will say : Do you want to keep making more money or not ? In professional sports , there is only one thing considered more important than winning , and that is finding new revenue streams . The major sports leagues wo n't be the end of this . What are two parts of American life that urgently need an economic boost ? The U.S. Postal Service and the financial system itself . So perhaps the day will come when top-shelf advertisers are invited to bid for the right to place their logos on postage stamps , and on currency . It would be an unbeatable way to pump cash into the postal service and into the U.S. Treasury . There would be certain complications : Burger King might not be thrilled if consumers bought its food with dollar bills emblazoned with the McDonald 's arches . Ground rules would have to be worked out . James Dean , more than a half-century ago , made the plain white T-shirt the ultimate symbol of cool . That shirt , in marketing circles , would seem naked now ; where 's the logo ? Dean would be seen as foolishly missing a golden opportunity . All that potential ad space on his shirt , wasted . Dean never played in the NBA , though . Enjoy the playoffs this year , and savor the sight of the unadorned jerseys . The startling thing is not that a major sport is considering plastering ads on those uniforms . The startling thing is that it has taken them this long . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : News report says NBA considers putting ads on players ' jerseys He says none of the four major leagues permits ads on uniforms People would grow to accept it ; ads have evolved into status symbols Greene : It 's about revenue . Could ads on stamps help bail out the Postal Service ?
CNN  -- Recently , Google announced that the Android version of its Google Maps app now automatically routes users around traffic when providing directions . According to the Google Blog , Google Maps navigation previously "  would choose whichever route was fastest , without taking current traffic conditions into account . It would also generate additional alternate directions , such as the shortest route or one that uses highways instead of side roads . " -LSB- Now -RSB- , our routing algorithms will also apply our knowledge of current and historical traffic to select the fastest route from those alternates . That means that navigation will automatically guide you along the best route given the current traffic conditions . " It will be interesting to see , as this feature develops , how well it adjusts for recurring or special events that not only cause congestion but also block traffic . For instance , could Google Maps navigation account for street closures for fairs and marathons -- especially if they 're held in the same location annually ? What about drawbridges that tend to open at regular times ? Or St. Patrick 's Day parades ? Or what about when streets get flooded , or when public safety agencies shut down access to an area in an emergency ? Or what about when Critical Mass bikers or zombie hordes overtake city streets ? So far , the iPhone Google Maps app lacks this traffic-avoiding feature , but it 's probably coming soon . For now , iPhone users of Google Maps can still use the "  alternate routes " feature , with the live traffic layer enabled , to find their own ways around traffic . Or you can try the HD Traffic feature on the TomTom iPhone app , which , according to Pocket-lint , has offered traffic-dodging functionality for some time . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Blog says feature will "  guide you along the best route given the current traffic conditions " So far , the iPhone Google Maps app lacks this traffic-avoiding feature TomTom iPhone app has offered traffic-dodging functionality for some time
CNN  -- Switching off your cellphone during a flight will soon be a thing of the past , according to aviation experts , who are tipping in-flight mobile connectivity to become a standard feature of air travel . Virgin Atlantic recently announced that passengers can make calls on their cellphones on the airline 's Airbus A330 and Boeing 747 flying between London and New York . Call charges are similar to international roaming rates , and phones can not be used during take off and landing . But Virgin Atlantic is n't alone -- more than 100 other aircraft are currently equipped to allow calls to be made in the air . The CEO of AeroMobile , which provides mobile connectivity to Emirates , Virgin Atlantic and Malaysian Airlines planes , said 1,000 aircraft would be fitted with the company 's systems over the next three years . Lufthansa , Etihad , Turkish Airlines , Cathay Pacific , SAS and Gulf Air will all launch in-flight mobile offerings in coming months , he said . "  We believe this is going to be standard in most airlines , " said Pal Bjordal , AeroMobile CEO . "  You will have connectivity in the air in the same way you have connectivity on the ground . " See also : Higher air fares , more mergers ? Its rival OnAir operates on 16 airlines , and says it will extend to 24 by the end of the year . The AeroMobile system , which has been available on Emirates flights since 2008 , allows for six calls to be made by passengers at any one time  soon to be upgraded to eight  , and unlimited texts and data usage . For years , airlines have banned the use of cellphones citing their interference with onboard equipment . But Aeromobile 's technology involves installing a small mobile base station on board to manage signal strength , and ensure calls do not interfere with flight systems . Bjordal said research suggested about 20 cellphones were inadvertently left switched on during any given flight , and claimed that the company 's technology actually reduced the signal strength of those active cellphones . "  If you switch on a cellphone on board , and there 's no network , it will gradually increase the power it 's transmitting because it 's trying to get hooked on a network which does n't exist , " he said . "  With our system on board , those cellphones will emit much less power . " The service is proving popular with passengers , with one passenger on Virgin Atlantic 's fledgling service reportedly having sent 80 text messages during a single flight . Aviation analyst Vaughn Cordle of AirlineForecasts tipped mobile connectivity to become standard across the industry , and the price of access to drop . "  This is clearly what business travelers need . Many leisure passengers may not want to pay for it though , " he said . "  But the technology is there , and if the airlines can get the volume up , they can most likely get the price down . " See also : Apps tackle travel expenses But the technology will not be coming to all regions , at least in the short term . Despite being a leader in in-flight Wi-Fi , the United States bans the use of mobiles on flights , requiring that phones are switched off once they enter U.S. airspace . Mary Kirby , editor of Airline Passenger Experience magazine , said the Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  was currently looking into the technology , and predicted the restrictions would be lifted in a matter of years . "  Once this technology is deemed safe by the FAA , they 're going to have to join the rest of the world , " she said . "  Regulations are going to change whether people like it or not . " She said that despite the convenience of in-flight mobile connectivity , the impression she had gained from studies and social media reactions was that many Americans were opposed to calls being allowed on flights , because they were perceived as a nuisance . But in the years that in-flight calling had been allowed in other regions , she knew of no instances of air rage connected to phone use -- something she attributed to airlines establishing good protocols around call etiquette . "  You ca n't legislate manners from a regulatory standpoint , " she said . "  Sooner or later , the arguments against mobile connectivity are going to fall away . "	Virgin Atlantic has introduced in-flight calls on transatlantic flights New systems allow for mobile phones to be used on planes without affecting equipment In-flight calling is still banned in the US , but some are tipping this to be overturned Call charges are similar to international roaming rates
Chicago  CNN  -- The week-old teachers strike in Chicago 's public schools will continue into the new week , after a representative group of the Chicago Teachers Union decided not to end the walkout even though union leaders and school officials had reached a tentative contract deal . The move left Mayor Rahm Emanuel vowing to go to court to force teachers back to work , calling Sunday 's actions by the union "  a delay of choice that is wrong for our children . " The mayor announced in a statement that he 's asked city lawyers "  to file an injunction in circuit court to immediately end this strike . " He contended the strike is illegal because "  it is over issues that are deemed by state law to be nonstrikable , and it endangers the health and safety of our children . " "  I will not stand by while the children of Chicago are played as pawns in an internal dispute within a union , " Emanuel said . Members of the teachers ' bargaining team detailed the proposed contract to a group of 800 union representatives , called the House of Delegates , in a meeting Sunday afternoon . But Chicago Teachers Union President Karen Lewis said that , after extensive debate , the delegates said they wanted more time to discuss the contract with union members . The House of Delegates will reconvene Tuesday afternoon , at which point delegates could decide to end the strike -- or not . If they do , classes could resume at earliest on Wednesday . And even if the strike is ended , the more than 26,000-member union 's rank-and-file would still have the opportunity at some point to accept , or reject , the proposed contract . As of Sunday , though , Lewis said a "  clear majority " of union delegates did not want to suspend the strike given the proposed contract . "  They are not happy with the agreement , " Lewis said . There were no classes all last week for more than 350,000 students in Chicago , home to the nation 's third-largest school system , when the union went on strike after failing to reach a contract agreement with school board officials . Why they teach despite it all The negotiations have taken place behind closed doors . Publicly , the past week has been marked by sometimes biting remarks , as well as vocal picketing in and around the city 's schools , some of which opened for a few hours each weekday to give some students a place to go during the strike . Both sides indicated Friday that they 'd reached a tentative agreement , though teachers union leaders stressed then that any decision to end the strike or not would be determined this weekend . Lewis , from the teachers union , said that one problem is that "  there 's no trust " of school board members . Delegates found several elements of the contract problematic , with the union president calling job security chief among them . "  The big elephant in the room is the closing of 200 schools , " Lewis said . "  Union members  are concerned about this city 's decision on some level to close schools . " It was not immediately clear where Lewis got the 200 figure or when she believes such school closures might happen . But Marielle Sainvilus , a spokeswoman for Chicago Public Schools , called Lewis ' claim "  false , " asserting that union leaders said a few days ago that 100 schools would close , and "  I 'm sure it 'll be another number tomorrow . " "  All Ms. Lewis is trying to do is distract away from the fact that she and her leadership are using our kids as pawns in this process , " Sainvilus told CNN by e-mail . Another point of contention involves the teacher evaluation system , Lewis said . The tentative contract would change it for first time since 1967 , taking into account "  student growth  for the  first time , " according to the school system . And those teachers who are rated as "  unsatisfactory and developing " could potentially be laid off . A parent on the impact of the strike Principals would keep "  full authority " to hire teachers , and the school system will now have hiring standards for those with credentials beyond a teacher certification . In addition , "  highly rated teachers " who lost their jobs when their schools were closed can "  follow their students to the consolidated school , " according to a summary of the proposed contract from Chicago Public Schools . This contract calls for longer school days for elementary and high school-age students , 10 more "  instructional days " each school year and a single calendar for the entire school system , as opposed to the two schedules now in place , depending on the school . The pay structure would change with a 3 % pay hike for the first year of the contract , 2 % for the second year and 2 % for the third year . If a trigger extends the contract to four years , teachers would get a 3 % pay increase . Union members would no longer be compensated for unused personal days , health insurance contribution rates will be frozen and the "  enhanced pension program " is being eliminated . As is , the median base salary for teachers in the Chicago public schools in 2011 was $ 67,974 , according to the system 's annual financial report . With the strike now continuing , the school system plans to open 147 "  Children First " sites citywide Monday for students to go to , in addition to programs run by the city 's park department and neighborhood organizations , Chicago Board of Education President David Vitale said . But Vitale said that he , like the mayor , is "  extremely disappointed " that such programs are necessary . He noted that classes began , for some students , on August 13 and that he did n't understand why they could n't continue as work continues to finalize a contract deal . "  There is no reason why our kids can not be in school while the union reviews the agreement , " Vitale said . For high school athletes , strike could put scholarships on the line CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .	NEW : A school spokeswoman says union claim 200 schools will close is "  false " "  The big elephant in the room " is possible school closings , the union chief said A union committee decides not to end the week-old teachers strike despite a tentative deal Chicago 's mayor pushes for a court injunction to end the teachers strike immediately
CNN  -- Two murder suspects who escaped from an Arkansas jail have been captured in a vacant house just a couple of miles away , Miller County Sheriff 's Chief Deputy Duke Schoefield said Friday . Quincy Vernard Stewart , 36 , and Cortez Rashod Hooper , 23 , escaped from jail Monday and were captured by law officers Thursday night in Texarkana , Arkansas , Schoefield said . When officers entered the house , both men ran . Hooper was tackled by two officers and Stewart dove out a window right into the arms of two other officers , Schoefield said . "  They were mouthy once handcuffed , and on camera one of them said , ` It was easy getting out . I 'll do it again , ' " Schoefield told CNN . "  When we arrested them , they were in possession of a loaded firearm . " Earlier this week , authorities arrested Stewart 's mother on accusations of helping the two murder suspects escape jail by sneaking in hacksaw blades . Charlene Stewart , 55 , of Texarkana , passed up to four hacksaw blades to her son , authorities said . Schoefield said Charlene Stewart was arrested late Tuesday and was in a Texarkana jail facing felony charges of furnishing prohibited articles and implements of escape . Schoefield said an investigation revealed how the hacksaws were brought into the jail . Stewart had a court date on May 20 in the courthouse in downtown Texarkana , and Stewart 's mother was in the gallery , Schoefield said . "  When about 22 prisoners were taken out of the courtroom with Stewart being one of them , his mother was able to pass to him a bag containing hacksaw blades , small amount of marijuana and a cell phone , " Schoefield said . "  He placed the articles in his legal papers , " contained in a large legal-size envelope , Schoefield said . "  By federal law authorities are not allowed to search a prisoner 's legal papers , so when he was searched at the jail upon return , he was able to sneak the hacksaws in . " Authorities ' search of the jail cell showed that the two suspects apparently used a hacksaw to cut through metal bars covering a 1-by-3 .5 - foot window and then broke the glass to gain access to an outside courtyard , authorities said . Two mattresses were pushed through the broken window in an effort to soften the detainees ' landing . The two suspects then managed to get outside a 10-foot fence topped with razor wire . A police K-9 unit was brought in but failed to track the men . Hooper is charged with first-degree murder and aggravated assault , said county dispatcher Vanessa Schaeffer . Stewart was being held on a capital murder charge from Bowie County , Texas , and also is charged with possession of a controlled substance .	Quincy Vernard Stewart and Cortez Rashod Hooper are caught in a vacant house They are murder suspects who escaped from a jail in Arkansas The two men unsuccessfully tried to flee when officers entered the house One said , "  It was easy getting out . I 'll do it again , " according to chief deputy
CNN  -- When it comes to health care , Americans disagree about much , but we do agree that our $ 2.7-trillion-a-year health care system is broken . Although fixing the system will be difficult , there is one inexpensive , readily available , and highly effective way to prevent illness while drastically reducing skyrocketing health care costs : Let 's help each other exercise more . In fact , it 's what we evolved to do . The essential role of physical activity in promoting health has deep evolutionary roots . Prior to a few hundred generations ago , our ancestors were hunter-gatherers who trekked at least five miles every day as well as ran , dug , climbed , and did all their work by hand . Although the origin of agriculture transformed our diets , farmers also had to toil long , hard hours . Until recently , all of us were athletes . Today , most Americans seldom , if ever , have to do much physical work . Cars , elevators , escalators , shopping carts , and other labor-saving innovations allow us to exist for days without ever significantly elevating our heart rates or breaking a sweat . Few jobs require physical activity and most of us have little inclination to exercise in our spare time . As a result , a majority of Americans fail to meet the Surgeon General 's recommendation to exercise at least 150 minutes per week . Being physically inactive is not only abnormal , it is also pathological , because the old adage "  use it or lose it " is really true . Our bodies evolved to require the stresses inherent in physical activity to grow and function properly , and our bodies never evolved to cope with persistent inactivity . Moderate exercise is vital for developing a strong and healthy circulatory system , durable bones safe from osteoporosis , a vigorous immune system , a properly functioning brain and more . Almost every organ and body system benefits from regular exercise and is compromised by its absence . How to fix health problems with exercise No health problem illustrates the benefits of exercise more acutely than heart disease , which afflicts more than 15 million Americans and is our nation 's leading cause of death . Yet of all the diseases we face , heart disease is one of the most preventable and treatable through exercise . Men who are unfit but then improve their fitness lower their rate of death from heart disease by about 50 % , research shows . Because treating a patient with heart disease costs more than $ 20,000 extra per year , we could save almost $ 40 billion a year by getting just 25 % more Americans to exercise moderately . Those savings are actually a big underestimate , since studies show physical activity also substantially reduces the prevalence and severity of many other costly diseases , including Alzheimer 's , breast cancer and colon cancer . To be sure , exercise is not a panacea . Regular physical activity does not guarantee good health , and it has only limited effects on weight loss . Yet , even though exercise wo n't solve the obesity epidemic , it confers so many health benefits regardless of one 's weight , the question we should ask is not whether more Americans should exercise , but how can we help them do it ? Again , the human body 's evolutionary story provides useful answers . We evolved to be physically active not because we wanted to but because we were obliged to . Our Stone Age ancestors who struggled to survive had no alternative to being active for many hours a day , but they also benefited from taking it easy whenever possible to avoid wasting scarce energy . Even though cars , elevators and shopping carts are recent inventions , the instincts to use them are ancient and powerful . As a result , we need motivation to exercise . Would you like 2 hours of exercise with that ? How can we help each other exercise ? In the case of children , exercise needs to be fun , playful , and as much a daily priority as brushing one 's teeth and getting enough sleep . It also needs to be mandatory . Just as we mandate car seats for children and prohibit minors from purchasing alcohol and tobacco , we need to implement regular , meaningful levels of fitness-based physical activity in school . By failing to do so adequately , we are robbing millions of children of healthy futures , and we are guaranteeing enormous future medical bills . What about adults ? Although adults have the right to be inactive , most of us wish otherwise but we require nudges from friends , families , health care providers , businesses , and other social institutions , including government . On the local level , we need communities to promote non-motorized transportation and to encourage fitness activities like walking , cycling , jogging , and soccer . Businesses , both large and small , need financial incentives to encourage employees to exercise and to build the infrastructure necessary for people to do so safely and conveniently . Doctors , health care providers , and insurers should be rewarded for helping patients become more active . In short , promoting fitness has to become a collective responsibility . Can we do this ? If history is any guide , the answer is yes . Through collective action over the last 50 years , we decreased by 50 % the number of Americans who smoke , as well as the number of Americans who die in motor vehicle accidents . Have you quit smoking ? Share your story Finally , can we afford not to become more active ? Because of many advances , Americans no longer need to be physically active to survive on a day-to-day basis , but our Stone Age bodies still require exercise to thrive as we age . For the sake of our bodies , our economy , and our country , the consequences of inaction are too great to accept . Why Americans are dying earlier than their international peers See Daniel Lieberman and Dr. Sanjay Gupta show how anyone can run faster and longer with less effort on "  Sanjay Gupta M.D. , " Saturday at 4:30 p.m. and Sunday at 7:30 a.m.	Exercising for health has deep evolutionary roots Most Americans do n't exercise enough We should help each other exercise more often , authors say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Dozens of Japanese factories and stores reopened Thursday in China after violent protests forced their closure amid fury over Japan 's plans to buy disputed islands in the East China Sea . Chinese plants for electronics makers Canon and Sony , along with Japanese automakers Nissan , Mitsubishi , Mazda and Suzuki , have reopened in China , company officials told CNN . Nearly 200 7-11 stores in Beijing and Chengdu operated by Seven & I Holdings and convenience stores operated by Lawson Inc. also reopened . Toyota Motor Company would n't reveal whether its China operations had reopened , telling CNN that the decision is up to individual plants . Honda has yet to reopen two plants in Guangzhou province , while Panasonic has yet to reopen operations in Zhuhai , site of an employee strike , and in Qingdao , where part of its facility was set ablaze last weekend by protesters . Meanwhile , trade data released Thursday shows that Japanese exports dropped 5.8 % year-on-year in August , with trade to China dropping nearly 10 % . Analysts attributed the fall to a general global slowdown in demand for Japanese goods . The decline underlines the economic significance of China , Japan 's largest trading partner , and highlights the risk a prolonged dispute poses for Tokyo . The figures were compiled before the widespread calls in China for a boycott of Japanese goods . Earlier this week , ratings agency Fitch warned that the credit ratings of Japanese auto and technology manufacturers could come under pressure "  if the clash between China and Japan over the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands escalates and is prolonged . " The dispute with China comes as Japan Inc. has been battling to recover from the twin disasters last year of the Tohoku earthquake and tsunami , as well as floods in Thailand which hurt Japanese electronics and automobile manufacturers that operate in the area . Export-driven companies are also struggling against a stubbornly high yen , which hurts the competitiveness of Japanese companies abroad . Tensions in the dispute , a perennial source of nationalistic anger on both sides of the East China Sea , rose on September 10 after Japanese government agreed to buy the uninhabited islands from its private Japanese owners . China claims historical ownership of the island chain , while Tokyo maintains it has been in Japanese hands since 1895 . The islands  $ " known as the Senkakus in Japan and Diaoyu in China -- were administered by the U.S. occupation force after World War II . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . The islands sit among popular fishing waters and are also believed to be rich in oil resources . Ownership of the chain would allow exclusive commercial rights in the seas surrounding the islands . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report	Dozens of Japanese factories and stores reopened in China after violent protests Exports to China , Tokyo 's largest trading partner , dropped nearly 10 % year-on-year in August Japanese automakers Nissan , Mitsubishi , Mazda and Suzuki , have reopened in China Panasonic has yet to reopen in Qingdao where part of its facility was set ablaze by protesters
CNN  -- Justin Gatlin made it three wins from three races sinces his return to competitive athletics with victory in a 100 meters race in Tallinn , Estonia , on Sunday . The 2004 Olympic champion , who is returning to action after a four-year ban for failing a drugs test , clocked a time of 10.17 seconds -- running into a headwind -- to beat fellow-American Rubin Williams . The 28-year-old Gatlin , who won two races at a meeting in Rakvere , Estonia , on Tuesday , is having to compete at smaller venues because he is still banned from some of the larger meetings . "  I am very glad with the result . My aim was to be better than at the last competition and I bettered that today by seven hundreths of a second , " he told the AFP news agency . "  I am dedicating myself fully to sport now and plan to return stronger next season , " Gatlin added . Despite the run , Gatlin has admitted he still has some way to go before he can rival the likes of Usain Bolt , Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell once again . "  I am taking my return at the moment with a modest aim - the only aim I have in front of me is to be better than last time at every competition , " he said . Gatlin will next compete in Joensuu , Finland on August 21 and has stated that he plans to return to Estonia for the indoor season .	Justin Gatlin made it three wins from three races sinces his return to athletics The former Olympic champion sprints to victory in a 100 meter contest in Tallinn The 28-year-old is having to compete at smaller venues following his four-year ban Gatlin made his return to competitive athletics with two wins in Rakvere on Tuesday
CNN  After years of making the case that the education of athletes is paramount , the NCAA now says it has no legal responsibility to make sure education is actually delivered . On its website , the NCAA prominently states , "  It 's our commitment -- and our responsibility -- to give young people opportunities to learn , play and succeed . " And later , it says that "  in the collegiate model of sports , the young men and women competing on the field or court are students first , athletes second . " But the NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former University of North Carolina athletes . The lawsuit claimed the students did n't get an education because they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal in NCAA history . In its response , the NCAA says it has no legal responsibility "  to ensure the academic integrity of the courses offered to student-athletes at its member institutions . " Even with pages of online information about academic standards , and even though the NCAA has established a system of academic eligibility and accountability that it boasts of regularly , NCAA attorneys wrote in this court filing that "  the NCAA did not assume a duty to ensure the quality of the education of student-athletes , " and "  the NCAA does not have ` direct , day-to-day , operational control ' " over member institutions like UNC . "  It 's nonsense . It 's double talk , " said Gerald Gurney , a former athletic-academic director who is now president of The Drake Group for academic integrity in collegiate sport . "  If you look at their basic core principles , it 's all about academics , the experience , the integration of academics , and the education of the student is paramount , " Gurney said . "  They seem to talk out of both sides of their mouths . " The NCAA referred calls for comment to an online statement , which read in part : The NCAA believes that the lawsuit misunderstands the NCAA 's role with respect to its member schools and ignores the myriad steps the NCAA has taken to assist student-athletes in being equipped to excel both in the classroom and on the playing field . "  This case is troubling for a number of reasons , not the least of which is that the law does not and has never required the NCAA to ensure that every student-athlete is actually taking full advantage of the academic and athletic opportunities provided to them , " said Donald Remy , NCAA chief legal officer . In its response to the lawsuit , it also likened its role to that of the American Bar Association or American Medical Association , and said that those entities are not sued every time a lawyer or doctor acts inappropriately . The scandal at UNC involved thousands of athletes who , over 18 years , were funneled into classes that never met , where advisers fudged grades and accepted plagiarism so that athletes who were falling behind in class could remain eligible to play sports . Mary Willingham , the UNC whistleblower turned NCAA critic , has for years said that athletes across the country are accepted to colleges even though they 're academically underprepared and then pushed into classes where little work is required . The system of eligibility that the NCAA brags about , she says , is a sham . "  Why do we go through the trouble of compliance if we ca n't legitimize that the courses are real and the education is real anyway ? It makes no sense , " said Willingham , who recently wrote a book about the UNC scandal called "  Cheated . " "  If they ca n't legitimize that the academics are real and take no responsibility for that , then why certify students semester after semester to play ? It 's lost its meaning for me . " The NCAA 's claim that it 's hands-off when it comes to athletics seems to be a direct contradiction of what the organization has been repeating for years , not just in the rhetoric on its website , but in speeches by its president , Mark Emmert , and in court defending itself from numerous lawsuits over paying athletes . For example , before it lost a case filed by former UCLA player Ed O'Bannon , suing for the right of athletes to make money off their images and likenesses , the NCAA stood on the pillar of amateurism , insisting that college athletes are paid with an education . That 's the defense the NCAA is now using in another class action filed by big-time sports attorney Jeffrey Kessler , seeking to make college sports a free market where athletes are paid salaries based on their value . In response , the NCAA said that what sets college sports apart from pros is education : Consistent with "  its commitment to amateurism , member institutions conduct their athletics programs for students who choose to participate in intercollegiate athletics as a part of their educational experience and in accordance with NCAA bylaws . " Attorney Michael Hausfeld , who represented both O'Bannon and now the UNC athletes , said this : "  This startling inconsistency is unfortunately all too symptomatic of the NCAA 's shifting rhetoric and faltering commitment to its college athletes . NCAA President Mark Emmert has repeatedly proposed that ` What we live for is the education of our athletes , ' but the NCAA 's record tells a far different story . " But Rick Burton , professor of sport management at Syracuse University , said it 's not realistic to think that the NCAA would regulate every professor and every course an athlete might take at each university across the country . "  I understand , I think , where the NCAA is coming from . We would not let the NCAA come in and tell us how to run our chemistry department at Syracuse University , " he said . "  It sounds like someone is trying to say the NCAA should have been supervising that department at the University of North Carolina , and there 's no logic to that , " he said . "  The people who are saying the NCAA should be held accountable for academics at every school are just looking for an opportunity to throw rocks at the NCAA . " UNC , which was also sued , has admitted to the fraud , but also asked for a judge to throw out the case , saying the athletes waited too long -- seven years -- to sue and the "  educational malpractice " theory does n't apply . UNC claims it is protected by state law . This is reminiscent of another NCAA reversal . The NCAA , which was founded a century ago to protect athletes from "  dangerous and exploitive athletic practices , " now says it does not enforce health and safety rules . In fact , in response to a lawsuit filed by the family of a player who died in 2011 , the NCAA wrote : "  The NCAA denies that it has a legal duty to protect student-athletes . " A CNN investigation found that the NCAA has failed to open investigations in several cases where safety rules allegedly were broken . It has also fallen behind in imposing rules for concussions -- far behind even the NFL . Ramogi Huma , president of the National College Players Association , and a leading thorn in the NCAA 's side for decades , said this latest backpedaling from the NCAA leaves him wondering why the organization exists at all . "  There 's nothing left the NCAA can claim it does that is beneficial to college athletes or society . One has to wonder what does the NCAA do if it does n't protect players ? If it does n't play a role in the education of college athletics ? It begs the question of why does the NCAA exist -- and why does it have a tax exemption . "	In response to lawsuit , NCAA says it does n't control quality of education for student-athletes But its website emphasizes importance of education , "  opportunities to learn " Lawsuit claims students did n't get an education because of academic fraud at UNC
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- At least 17 people were killed in central Kabul on Saturday when a suicide bomber struck a vehicle in a military convoy , according to officials . Five troops and eight civilians were killed in the attack , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . Afghan officials said four Afghans , including two students , were also killed . Among the dead was Master Corporal Byron Greff , a Canadian , according to the Canadian Expeditionary Force Command . It was not immediately clear whether he was included in the ISAF-provided figure . A U.S. military official said earlier that 13 Americans had died , but an ISAF spokesman could not confirm that number . The U.S. official emphasized details are continuing to unfold . A heavily damaged vehicle was believed to be an armored bus that was carrying U.S. troops from one base to another . A senior NATO official identified it as a custom-built , heavily armored Rhino . The attack caused a "  number " of NATO and local Afghan casualties , ISAF said in a statement . Four Afghans , including two students , were also killed , said Hashmat Stanikzai , spokesman for Kabul 's police chief . Afghan President Hamid Karzai offered his sympathies to the families of the victims in a statement and said the cowardly character of the attack demonstrates "  the very evil and heinous nature of the enemy . " A Taliban spokesman confirmed Saturday 's attack in a text message , saying it killed "  16 foreign soldiers , one civilian " and injured many others . Taliban casualty counts are often inflated ; there was no other reliable indication 16 foreigners were killed . Stanikzai said the vehicle used in the attack appeared to be a red Toyota Corolla packed with a significant amount of explosives . It was unclear how many people were wounded , said Sediq Sediqqi , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry . The U.S. Embassy in Kabul expressed condolences to families and said it will continue the victims ' "  dedicated work on behalf of peace in this country and region . " "  It 's a shock . It makes you mad . It makes me angry , " said U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker . "  We are not going to let these guys win . " The attack was one of two targeting NATO-led forces on Saturday . U.S. and coalition casualties in Afghanistan and Iraq A gunman wearing an Afghan army uniform turned his weapon on coalition forces during training , killing three and wounding several others , ISAF said . The shooter was killed in the incident in southern Afghanistan . The coalition did not provide any other details about the shooting , and did not disclose the nationalities of those killed . In another suicide attack in northeastern Afghanistan , a woman in a burqa detonated herself near the nation 's intelligence agency . She tried to enter the National Directorate of Security and was shot at , but she still managed to detonate herself , said Sabour Alayar , deputy police chief of Kunar province . Two officers and two civilians were wounded , he said , adding that the female suicide bomber was about 25 years old . Alayar said they had intelligence of a suicide bomber looking for a target , and their security forces were on alert . Gen. John R. Allen , commander of ISAF , condemned Saturday 's attacks across the country . "  I am both saddened and outraged by the attacks that took place today against Coalition forces and the people of Afghanistan , " Allen said in a statement . "  The enemies of peace are not martyrs , but murderers . To hide the fact that they are losing territory , support , and the will to fight , our common enemy continues to employ suicide attackers to kill innocent Afghan fathers , mothers , sons and daughters , as well as the Coalition forces who have volunteered to protect them . " The U.S.-led war in Afghanistan marked its 10th year earlier this month having passed two major milestones : The Taliban has been forced out of power and Osama bin Laden is dead . But Afghanistan has been hit by a wave of high-profile attacks in recent months that have jeopardized the peace negotiations . September 's turban bomb assassination of former Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani , revered by many as a father of the Mujahedeen movement that ousted the Soviets in the 1980s , appears to have dealt the biggest blow to the peace process . Rabbani was the chairman of President Karzai 's High Council for Peace , which has been trying for a year to foster dialogue with the Taliban -- a strategy that Karzai publicly abandoned following Rabbani 's killing . Nearly 2,800 troops from the United States and its partners have died during the 10 years of war , according to a CNN count . CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr and journalist Ruhullah Khapalwak contributed to this report .	Master Corporal Byron Greff , a Canadian , was killed Angry U.S. ambassador says "  we are not going to let these guys win " Four Afghans , including two students , are killed In a separate attack , a female suicide bomber targets the nation 's intelligence agency
CNN  -- Jennifer Love Hewitt is taking on motherhood for her next role . The 34-year-old actress revealed Tuesday that she 's expecting her first child with "  Client List " co-star Brian Hallisay , 34 . The impending arrival will be Hallisay 's first child as well . "  This is a wonderful time , and we are looking forward to starting our family together , " the couple said in a statement . According to Us Weekly , Hallisay and Hewitt have been dating for 15 months . The two also play a couple on Lifetime 's "  The Client List , " albeit one with some serious marital issues . Hewitt is also executive producer of the show , in which she plays a struggling single mom who hands out more than massages at a seemingly legitimate day spa . Hallisay portrays Hewitt 's on-screen estranged husband . Based on Lifetime 's 2010 movie of the same name , the series started its second season on the network in March . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Actress Jennifer Love Hewitt is expecting her first child with actor Brian Hallisay Hewitt and Hallisay are co-stars on Lifetime 's "  The Client List " "  We are looking forward to starting our family together , " the couple said in a statement
CNN  -- The wedding photo shows the happy couple poised to kiss , ready to begin an adventure that has now taken them to the U.S. Supreme Court . For Karane and Jamelle Thomas-Williams , this is a fight for recognition by the federal government of their legal same-sex union , part of a landmark constitutional appeal over same-sex marriage and "  equal protection . " Their love has united them , but the larger social issue has split the country for more than four decades . Rulings in that and a related appeal over state marriage laws are expected from the high court Wednesday . The Washington , D.C. , couple were legally married last October -- but not in the eyes of some of their employers or elected leaders . Karane serves her community as a Metropolitan Police officer . Jamelle serves her country in the U.S. Air Force Reserve . But since she is a federal worker , the couple can not share the 1,000-plus federal perks enjoyed by married heterosexuals -- joint tax returns , loan programs for veterans , and survivor , pension , bankruptcy , family medical leave and health insurance benefits . Under the Defense of Marriage Act  DOMA  passed in 1996 , marriage is defined for federal purposes as between one man and one woman . That means the estimated 120,000 gay and lesbian couples legally married in nine states and the District of Columbia are still considered -- in the eyes of DOMA opponents -- the equivalent of girlfriend and boyfriend . CNNMoney.com : Big money at stake in same-sex marriage ruling "  As a federal employee and as an airman , you get a constant reminder that you 're second class , " Jamelle told CNN . "  I had to list Karane as my sister just so that someone would call her in the event that I 'm killed or missing in action , or I 'm hurt on the job . She ca n't be my emergency contact , she ca n't receive my remains . As far as my death benefit , I had to list her as ` other . ' " Adding to the confusion is Karane 's status as a D.C. government employee . She enjoys the benefits of her relationship with Jamelle because her local government in the nation 's capital recognizes same-sex marriage . "  But once we step outside of D.C. , it 's a whole other ballgame , " said Karane . In neighboring Virginia , which does not recognize their marriage , the couple says they are viewed as "  legal strangers . " The woman at the center of the case What is federal government 's role in defining marriage ? The larger debate over DOMA 's intent and impact 17 years after passage has driven a wedge between the executive and legislative branches . At issue is what role the federal government should play when it comes to marriage -- something states have traditionally controlled . Challenging DOMA : 5 things we learned "  What the court is being asked to decide is whether or not Congress can pass a law that treats same-sex couples , who are already married under the laws of their state , different from opposite-sex couples , " said Amy Howe , a leading appellate attorney and editor of SCOTUSblog.com . Four federal district courts and two appeals courts have already struck down the law 's restrictive benefits provision . And in a rare move , the Obama administration also abandoned its defense of congressional authority , saying DOMA is unconstitutional . That has left House Republicans in the unconventional position of stepping in to argue it should stay in place , at least for now . Traditionally , the role of defending federal law would fall to the U.S. solicitor general 's office . But President Barack Obama , in an election-year stunner , said last May he now supported same-sex marriage . The president had already ordered Attorney General Eric Holder not to defend DOMA . That raised the question of whether any party could rightfully step in and defend the law . Justices could put an end to hard choice for gay couples Besides the constitutional issue , the justices had specifically ordered opposing sides to argue a supplemental question : whether congressional Republicans -- operating officially as the Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group of the U.S. House of Representatives -- have "  standing " or legal authority to make the case . "  Let 's not confuse the issue of DOMA and the administration 's decision that it was unconstitutional , " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , told CNN . "  It is not their role to decide what 's constitutional . DOMA was a law that was passed by the House and Senate and signed into law by President Clinton . In our system of government , the administration does n't get to decide what 's constitutional -- the Supreme Court does . And our financing the lawsuit was to make sure the proper forum was used to make sure that we know what 's constitutional and what is n't . " Supporters of traditional marriage agree . "  DOMA 's important because Congress said it 's important , " said Austin Nimocks , senior counsel at the legal ministry Alliance Defending Freedom . "  We sent our elected representatives to Washington , D.C. , and they chose to say that marriage is one man and one woman for purposes of federal law . " And many conservatives argue the courts should stay out of the larger constitutional issues and let citizens and the legislatures hash it out . Some activists worry nine unelected justices will issue a sweeping 50-state mandate and redefine marriage as whatever personal bond they now think it is . Carrie Severino , chief counsel of the Judicial Crisis Network , says nothing in the Constitution tells states whether and how they should "  evolve " on such an established institution . She said liberty is fundamental right , but that government also has broad discretion to affirm the idea marriage is mainly about ensuring biological children are raised in a stable two-parent family with a mother and father . Same-sex marriage in the 21st century "  is clearly not what anyone understood as marriage at the time of the framing of the Constitution , " she told CNN , saying that should be enough to keep the high court out of the current case . Gay couple fights for right to marry in epic high court case Lack of protections , benefits if partner deploys Jamelle and Karane said they hit it off immediately after they met by chance at a downtown club 's Ladies Night , and felt like they had known each other forever . They were together four years before marrying last October . Karane said she went to Jamelle 's mother first to ask her daughter 's hand in wedlock . Sitting in their comfortable Washington home , they appear blissfully happy being together , but DOMA has put unexpected strains on the marriage because of "  little frustrations . " For one thing , they worry what could happen when Jamelle gets sent overseas in a war zone . "  Technically , I am a single person deploying , " she said . "  So I do n't have any protection for my family . I could deploy tomorrow and there would be nothing in place to help my family . It would be just me . So that 's definitely scary . Financially , making sure that the responsibility that we have to each other and to our families is taken care of , and it would be like I 'm leaving Karane in a lurch . " Karane added : "  It 's like we have to still go above and beyond just to get to where heterosexual couples already are . " They believe they are burdened by a triple social stigma -- as women , black and lesbians . The couple hopes to have children someday , but that would create further layers of what they say are discriminatory rules . For now this self-described "  boring couple " say they look forward to the day their children would be born and raised in a post-DOMA world . But regardless how the Supreme Court rules , they say they will persevere . "  I should be able to walk with my wife hand in hand and live our life . We should n't have to sit here on the edge of our seats , waiting for a decision , " said Karane . "  Are we going to finally be able to just be recognized without any strings attached ? ... We 're humans , we live in a strange society , and we have to work with what we 've got . " Kevin has a family : A same-sex couple 's remarkable journey CNN 's Joe Johns and Stacey Samuel contributed to this report .	Court to rule on Defense of Marriage Act  DOMA It defines marriage as between one man , one woman Same-sex couples not able to receive federal perks for married Debate is over role of federal government in the issue
Repeal and replace -- or at least resist -- is the Republican mantra in the wake of last week 's Supreme Court ruling upholding President Barack Obama 's signature health care reform law . Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney promises to get rid of Obamacare if elected , and at least four Republican governors say their states will hold off implementing main provisions of the 2010 law to see what happens in November . However , analysts and industry experts contend the reality is that health care reform will happen out of necessity , whether through the Affordable Care Act or the momentum it already has created since being passed over two years ago . According to a report by PricewaterhouseCoopers ' Health Research Institute , 14 states and the District of Columbia have made "  significant progress " toward implementing reforms , while another 19 states have made "  moderate progress , " leaving 17 states -- or about a third -- that have yet to change their laws or take other steps toward implementation . The report , titled "  Implications of the U.S. Supreme Court Ruling on Healthcare , " says all players in the health care industry -- state governments , hospitals , insurance companies , employers and drug companies -- need to participate in the emerging reform process or risk getting left behind . "  Despite the political uncertainty , private-sector initiatives -- accentuated and accelerated by the law -- are moving forward , " the report says . "  The crucial question now is : Will health reform define your organization , or will your organization define the post-reform landscape ? " Republicans launch blitz against health care law A repeated recommendation in the report advises industry leaders to "  stop putting off key decisions , " and it specifically calls on states to "  stop taking a wait-and-see approach to health reform implementation . " Some popular provisions of the health care law already have taken effect . Insurers no longer can deny coverage for children due to pre-existing conditions , and parents can keep offspring on their family coverage up to age 26 . The main parts of the comprehensive law intended to reshape the U.S. health care industry take effect in 2014 , with insurance exchanges set up to help individuals and small businesses buy affordable health coverage while Medicaid is expanded to include more low-income Americans . Republican governors already opposed to the health care law pledge full resistance to any changes for now . "  In Louisiana , we 're not doing either . ... I do n't think it makes sense to do those , " Gov. Bobby Jindal said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday . "  I think it makes more sense to do everything we can to elect Mitt Romney , to repeal Obamacare . " South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley said the state "  ceded nothing " by refusing to implement the exchanges and could prevent them from getting set up . Opponents of Obamacare "  should not freely give up the leverage we now have to repeal and replace this bad law , " she wrote in a letter Monday to congressional opponents of the law . Other GOP governors who say they will delay any implementation include Scott Walker of Wisconsin and Rick Scott of Florida . The Republican goal is to galvanize the conservative base around the issue in seeking the landslide victory needed to take the White House and both chambers of Congress in November , a result necessary for any chance of repealing the health care law . At the same time , Jindal and other opponents generally refrain from speculating on what they 'll do if Obama wins re-election , which would kill the repeal possibility . Republican leaders also have failed to offer any details for how they would replace the health care law , especially popular provisions such as preventing denial of coverage for pre-existing conditions . Ceci Connolly , the managing director of the Health Research Institute , told CNN that some health care providers already are taking steps toward the goals of health care reform -- such as shifting from the current fee-for-service system to an outcomes-oriented managed care system . Your health care is covered , but who 's going to treat you ? Asked about the continuing Republican pledges of non-compliance , she remarked : "  It is not unheard of for the rhetoric to be somewhat different from the reality on the ground . " That was the case with Obama 's stimulus package in 2009 , when some Republican governors and state legislators vowed to reject funding it provided . In the end , some turned down funding for specific programs -- such as a high-speed rail line in Florida -- but others eventually accepted the money . For example , former GOP Govs. Mark Sanford in South Carolina and Sarah Palin in Alaska lost battles with their respective state legislatures over whether to reject some stimulus funding . "  Even some states that have some political objection to  the Affordable Care Act  are thinking about what kind of insurance exchange they would like to have , " noted Connolly , a former Washington Post reporter who covered the health care law 's tortuous journey through Congress . The issue is whether the nation is "  getting our money 's worth , " Connolly said , noting that currently "  we spend $ 2.7 trillion and we 're not getting $ 2.7 trillion worth of health care . " So far , grants totaling more than $ 1 billion have been allocated to help states prepare to set up exchanges , Connolly said . She added that the federal government will offer its own exchange , likely to be similar to the health care coverage choices provided to federal employees , for residents of any state that fails to set up its own . "  I think that we will see a patchwork over the next couple of years , and that 's not surprising , " Connolly said . Haley , however , said the federal grants are intended to lure states into setting up exchanges "  to insulate federal officials from implementing what is sure to be an expensive , inefficient and wildly unpopular new federal entitlement program . " The Medicaid expansion presents a different question . In its ruling , the Supreme Court provided states with an opt-out option by striking down a provision that would have allowed the federal government to withhold all Medicaid funding from non-participating state governments . For now , the federal government pays an average of 57 % of the cost of the Medicaid health program for the poor , according to Connolly . The expansion under Obamacare would make more people eligible but includes 100 % federal payment of the additional cost for the first three years , then 95 % for the next three years and 90 % beginning in 2020 , she said . Opponents such as Jindal contend strapped state governments need to cut back on spending , rather than continuing to fund Medicaid at current levels and eventually picking up a share of the expanded cost . However , analysts and industry experts say the health care bill 's deal is too good for states to resist . "  States will take the federal money , especially in light of longer-term fiscal strains like rising health care and retirement costs , " wrote Tracy Gordon , a Brookings Institution economic studies fellow who specializes in state and local public finances , in an online posting Monday . Romney calls health care mandate a ` tax , ' contradicts top aide "  Some governors and lawmakers have already said their states will decline to participate in the Medicaid expansion , " she wrote . "  But eight states have already gotten started on extending eligibility through waivers programs and another three are in the queue . Notwithstanding the highest court in the land , the whole Medicaid package is still an offer states ca n't refuse . " Connolly noted that health insurance companies and health care providers would push strongly for the Medicaid expansion , which would increase the customer base and reduce the number of uninsured showing up for treatment in emergency rooms . "  I think we need a period to kind of catch our breath and see what kind of conversations take place in the coming months with the governors and the state legislatures and the providers in the states and see what they come up with , " she said . "  I think that many states will reassess . " Another option is negotiating a fix to the Medicaid provision in light of the Supreme Court ruling . Some Republican governors indicated they would prefer block grants that allow states to decide how to spend their Medicaid dollars . Obama expressed a willingness to tinker last week in responding to the Supreme Court decision , saying "  it 's time for us to move forward , to implement and where necessary improve on this law . " Independents thrilled with neither Obama , Romney health reform plans RNC Chair : ` It 's a tax '	Some Republican governors pledge resistance to Obamacare GOP hopes rest on winning the White House and both chambers of Congress in November Reform is coming , one way or another , analysts and industry experts say "  Stop putting off key decisions , " warns a report to industry players
New York  CNN  -- If all goes as planned , performance artist Marni Kotak will give birth to her first child within the month -- in front of an audience at a Brooklyn art gallery . Kotak calls most of her work , "  found performances " because it is based on daily experience . In past work she has re-enacted : her own birth , losing her virginity in a blue Plymouth , and the dark aspects of her first marriage . She has also collaborated with her new husband , artist Jason Robert Bell , in a performance piece called "  The Wedding . " "  In my work , I aim to convey my real experience of life , while simultaneously engaging in authentic shared moments with my viewers who have likely gone through similar or related events , " Kotak says on her website . Microscope Gallery in Brooklyn 's Bushwick neighborhood hosts Kotak 's latest venture titled "  The Birth of Baby X. " On Saturday , she converted the gallery into a birthing room , bringing in her grandmother 's bed and her old rocking chair , so through the month , she can be in the gallery preparing mentally and physically to have her child , according to Kotak . The exhibit also includes "  You are My Baby , " first performed at Staten Island 's Lumen Festival in June , in which Kotak filmed her audience and projected their faces onto her pregnant stomach . Sculptures and personal artworks by Bell , are also on display , according the gallery . "  Remnants from the final days of pregnancy and the birth will be added to the exhibition as it progresses , " says the gallery website . The exhibit was coordinated around Kotaks 's due date , and the gallery asks visitors to be prepared to witness a live birth . When the time comes , Kotak will have the aid of her husband , a midwife , and a doula as she delivers the baby . And this is only the beginning for Baby X . This month 's exhibit launches Kotak 's new conceptual work , "  Raising Baby X , " in which Kotak "  re-contextualizes the everyday act of raising a child into a work of performance art , " says the gallery . "  The long-term project will ultimately encompass the overall span of the child 's life from birth through attending college and developing an independent life , " says Kotak . "  I believe that our most intriguing performances occur when we are not aware that we are performing . It is only in these moments that we are capable of transcending the issues of spectacle that have come to dominate performance art and much of contemporary culture . "	Pregnant artist will give birth to first child at Brooklyn art gallery in front of audience Marni Kotak her work "  found performances " because based on daily experience Microscope Gallery in Brooklyn hosts Kotak 's latest work titled "  The Birth of Baby X "
CNN  -- When Clifton Green and his wife adopted an adorable little girl from Ethiopia , they knew they would eventually have to deal with the hair issue . Clifton Green learned how to care for his daughter Miriam 's hair , which is very different from his own . The Atlanta , Georgia-based couple , who are white , had read books about transracial adoptions that addressed how to deal with Miriam 's springy curls that grew in full , dark and strong after a toddlerhood of baldness . Green took it upon himself to learn how to care for and style his daughter 's textured tresses . "  We did n't have any skills , but we had the desire , " said Green of learning to do his now 5-year-old daughter 's hair . "  It 's the culture , it 's important and we want to honor it and respect it . " For many African-Americans , having a child walk around with unkempt hair is an almost unpardonable sin . That desire to be well groomed extends into adulthood and the multitudes of hairstyles are as diverse as the black community itself . There are naturals , weaves , chemically relaxed styles , braids and dreadlocks , to name just a few . Far from being superficial , black hair and its care goes well beyond the multibillion-dollar industry it has become and is deeply rooted in African-American identity and culture . "  Barbershops and beauty salons are perhaps second only to black churches as institutions in the community , " said Ingrid Banks , an associate professor of Black Studies at University of California , Santa Barbara and author of a forthcoming book on contemporary black beauty salon culture . iReporters share their hair-stories " "  It 's not about hair per se , it 's about what hair means , particularly for black women in terms of racial identity , identity based on gender and ideas about power , " she said . "  On one level , hair matters because race matters in our society . For black people , our hair has been infused with these racial politics . " Banks points to the ideas , which continue to linger , that if a black woman straightens her hair she is "  selling out the race " and/or "  embracing the white standard of beauty " while women who wear their hair in natural styles are "  blacker than thou . " "  When we think about that , there is no other racial or ethnic group in which those ideas come to bear on someone 's politics , " said Banks , who gathered data for her book by traveling to black hair salons across the country . "  No one is saying that about white women , Asian women or Latino women . " Erin Aubry Kaplan , who wrote an article about Michelle Obama 's hair and its implications for Salon.com , believes the first lady 's straightened and perfectly coiffed style helps her image . "  She has been criticized about many things , but I think that underneath the criticism about her being radical or too outspoken about race is this uneasiness people have about her being this tall , dark-skinned woman , " Kaplan said . "  So her hair is important , because if she is tall , dark-skinned and has an Afro then she becomes really scary . " Sound off : Is there such a thing as ` good hair ? ' That unease was also evident in 2008 when The New Yorker magazine ran a cover with a drawing portraying Michelle Obama wearing an Angela Davis-style Afro while fist bumping her turban wearing husband . " -LSB- The cover -RSB- I think was meant to poke fun at what people really fear , " said Kaplan , who added that as a black woman who does not have kinky hair , she has had her own share of issues . "  I understood the intent , but we are n't at the point where we can laugh at black images , because every black image resonates and reflects on black people as a whole . " Robert Morris can relate to the perceptions that black hair can evoke . The CNN iReporter recently cut the dreadlocks he had been growing for years and said that along with the physical makeover came an attitude shift in how people responded to him . Check out Morris ' iReport on his change "  I was n't as approachable when I had the locks , " said Morris , who now sports a shorter , cropped do that he is enjoying . "  It seemed like I had the stigma of being ` the angry black man . ' " People 's possible reactions to hair caused another iReporter to lose sleep . Tamille Johnson said her decision to get kinky twists kept her up the night before her visit to the salon . Read Johnson 's concerns in her iReport "  It was really surprising to me because I was so afraid what people would think about them and I did n't think I would feel that way , " Johnson said . "  Whenever I would get my hair done , I would get straight styles and I did not know if people would think that the kinky style was pretty . " Johnson , an administrator at UC Berkeley , said she found the experience to be soul searching and she came to terms with the fact that as long as she thought her hair was beautiful , that was all that mattered . That attitude is one Renae Valdez-Simeon hopes to impart to her two daughters . Because her children are biracial , Valdez-Simeon said she has often heard comments about her children 's "  good hair . " Go to Valdez-Simeon 's iReport "  When a child has straight hair , they are told they have ` good hair ' and while people are n't telling children with curly hair that they have ` bad hair , ' in essence that is what you are saying because you are saying that straight hair is good hair , " Valdez-Simeon said . Valdez-Simeon , whose site Mixtkids.com is billed as "  One Mom 's journey to raise empowered mixed-race children , " said she has increasingly heard the comments because her 7-year-old sports tight , curly ringlets while her 1-year-old 's hair has yet to curl . "  I try to explain to people that good hair is not straight hair , it 's healthy hair , " said Valdez-Simeon , who also said all of the comments have come from African-Americans . Comedian Chris Rock saw the same attitudes in his young daughters and it helped motivate his new documentary "  Good Hair . " The film is narrated by Rock and explores black hair from a variety of angles , including the booming $ 9 billion generated by the black hair industry and the science behind chemical relaxers used to straighten hair . Rock also visited the Bronner Bros. . International Hair Show in Atlanta , a twice-a-year event that has been in existence since the company started in 1947 . Janet Wallace , hair show manager , said as many as 50,000 attendees have come annually to each of the events to see the latest trends , services and products available . Stylists and the public alike are enthralled by the art form that is hairstyling , Wallace said . "  People want to look good from the cradle to the grave , " Wallace said . "  Hair is fun because there are so many adornments and things you can do with it . " Green acknowledges that he has not reached that level of artistry yet , but takes pride in styling his daughter 's hair well . On weekends , the Emory University professor can be found wielding the various combs , brushes and products he has found that work for Miriam 's hair  Carol 's Daughter is a favorite at the moment  . While he said he 's still not that good with "  rows , " the cornrow style that braids the hair close to the scalp , he can work other braided styles , twists and an occasional French braid . The ritual of doing Miriam 's hair is not only a time of bonding for the pair , but also an opportunity for him to honor his daughter and her heritage . Green has kept his sense of humor about the many people who express surprise that he is so well educated about and skilled with black hair . "  I do n't want people to look at her and tell she has white parents , " he said , laughing .	Hairstyles tied to black culture and identity Professor : "  Hair matters because race matters " iReporters share their experiences with their hair Father of an adopted daughter honors her heritage through her hair care
CNN  -- Actress Mackenzie Phillips has said that she believes she had a "  genetic predisposition " to the life of sex , drugs and rock and roll that have come to define her . Mackenzie Phillips tells CNN 's "  Larry King Live " that her father raped her in 1979 . In a 1999 interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on "  Why Some Childhood Stars Crash and Burn , " the former "  One Day at a Time " star said she did n't blame Hollywood for the years of drug and addiction she had endured . "  I think that for a lot of us , alcoholism and addiction is the root of the problem , not the fact that we were child stars , " she said at the time . "  Certainly , it lent to the problem , but it was n't the root of the problem . " By the time she did the interview , her well-publicized addiction to cocaine , drug arrests and stints in rehab had overshadowed an acting career once full of promise . Then , on Wednesday , the 49-year-old actress revealed on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " that she engaged in an incestuous relationship with her father , legendary musician John Phillips , for nearly 10 years . In her tell-all memoir , "  High on Arrival " -- named after a song her father dedicated to her -- she claims the relationship began in 1979 . She claims her father forced himself on her while they were under the influence of drugs on the night before she was to marry Jeff Sessler , a member of the Rolling Stones ' entourage . She ended the relationship a decade later , when she became pregnant and realized she did not know who had fathered her child -- her husband or her own father -- and terminated the pregnancy , the actress told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Watch Phillips discuss her alleged incestuous relationship with her father " But before the incest claims -- and subsequent denials from relatives -- Mackenzie Phillips was better known as a child actor full of promise who fell from grace under the toxic guidance of her drug-addicted father . Born Laura Mackenzie Phillips in 1959 to John Phillips and Baltimore socialite Susan Adams , Phillips told People magazine in 1980 that she alternated between two wildly different worlds after her parents divorced when she was three years old . "  My mother concentrated on bringing me up a proper lady , " Mackenzie Phillips told the magazine . "  And then on weekends at my dad 's place , I would find Mick Jagger and Donovan and the Beatles hanging out . I remember crawling all over Paul McCartney . " Her father taught her to roll a joint when she was 10 , she tried cocaine for the first time when she was 11 and lost her virginity at age 12 , she told Meredith Vieira of NBC 's "  Today " show . When she was 12 , a talent scout for Francis Ford Coppola spotted her playing in a band with classmates on amateur night at the Troubadour , according to People.com . She eventually landed a memorable role in the 1973 hit coming-of-age flick , "  American Graffiti . " After filming , her mother sent her to a Swiss boarding school , but the rebellious teen did n't last long in exile . She returned to her father 's home in Los Angeles under the supervision of her father 's sister , Rosemary Throckmorton . When her father and stepmother left for New York in 1974 and never returned , Mackenzie , her brother Jeffrey , moved in with their aunt in "  a little house behind the Hollywood Bowl which we shared with 12 cats , " according to People.com . Despite her relocations , Phillips ' career continued to advance . At 15 , she appeared in her second movie , "  Rafferty and the Gold Dust Twins , " with Alan Arkin . In 1975 , she was offered the role of Julie Cooper on CBS ' hit sitcom , "  One Day at a Time , " according to IMDB.com . "  By the time I turned 18 , I moved into a little chalet of my own and felt very grown-up , " Mackenzie told People in an interview in 1980 . As her star grew , so did her appetite for drugs , particularly cocaine . A few years later , just after she turned 18 , Phillips was arrested when she was found collapsed on quaaludes on a street in Los Angeles . Phillips said on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " that her father 's response was , "  Congratulations ! Now you 're a real Phillips . Now you know that even though they caught you , the rules do n't apply . " Her weight loss and erratic behavior disrupted the show 's filming and became a source of distress to her co-stars , Bonnie Franklin and Valerie Bertinelli , according to People.com . According to Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh 's "  The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows , " Phillips missed the 1980-81 season while in rehab for addiction issues . When she went to seek treatment at Fair Oaks , a psychiatric hospital in Summit , New Jersey , in December 1980 , she joined her father and stepmother , who entered the hospital after being charged with conspiracy to distribute narcotics , according to People.com . She left with a clean bill of health , but soon enough resumed using drugs even as she attempted to rebuild her career as a member of her father 's new version of the Mamas & the Papas . In her memoir , she recalls arriving at a hotel room to find two packages -- one containing her father 's newly published memoir and another containing an eighth of an ounce of cocaine , according to excerpts of the book published on MSNBC.com . After shooting up , she recalls reaching for the book and looking up her name in the index . "  Under my name was a list of subheadings and page numbers . I scanned down the entries : Phillips , Laura Mackenzie acting career of ... arrested on drug charges ... attempts to clean out ... in California ... childhood of ... drug use by ... early childhood of ... at finishing school in Switzerland ... Jeff Sessler and ... marriage to Jeff Sessler ... Peter Asher and ... rape ... . shipboard romance on QE 2 ... "  There it was , my life to date , with highlights selected , cross-referenced , and alphabetized . I had been organized and reduced to a list of sensational and mostly regrettable and/or humiliating anecdotes . Being indexed , particularly under such dubious headings , gave me a weird feeling that definitely was n't pride . I felt like I was n't a real person , just a list of incidents and accidents , " she writes in the book . Her television career experienced a revival in the 1990s , with guest appearances on hot shows including "  Beverly Hills , 90210 , " "  Melrose Place , " "  Walker , Texas Ranger " and "  Chicago Hope , " her profile on IMDB.com states . From 1999 to 2001 , she had a regular role in the Disney series , "  So Weird , " and several other television guest appearances followed , according to IMDB.com . She appeared to be getting her life back on track , eventually giving birth to a son , Shane . She was arrested in for drug possession in 2008 on her way to an "  One Day at a Time " reunion . Since then , she says she has been drug-free , and hopes that purging herself of the secret incestuous relationship will help her recover . Yet she insists she does not hate her father for what he did . "  I have to say that I loved my father , and I still do . I 've been trying to come to terms with this very difficult past , " Phillips told Winfrey .	Mackenzie Phillips believes she had "  genetic predisposition " to substance abuse Dad showed her how to roll joint when she was 10 , she tells "  Today " show Drug abuse forced her out of role on successful CBS sitcom "  One Day at a Time " Watch Mackenzie Phillips on Larry King Live , Wednesday 9 p.m. ET
Ansan , South Korea  CNN  -- They came to pay their respects to a young man who saved the lives of many but who lost his own . After two days of official mourning , the funeral of Choi Duk-Ha , the 17-year-old student who first raised the alarm that his ferry was sinking , was held on Sunday . His call to emergency services gave rescuers a precious few extra minutes to get to the stricken Sewol and get passengers off as it is listed dangerously before capsizing and sinking off the coast of South Korea on the morning of April 15 . Duk-Ha made that call at the expense of calling his own parents . They never heard from him again . "  My boy was pure in heart . He was so innocent . It was probably only nature for him to have called 119 first , " his mother Kim Sang-Hee said . Wearing a black mourning hanbok , Kim and her husband Choi Sung-Woong have led a traditional three-day funeral , which ended Sunday morning with a service at the Ansan Catholic cathedral . Hundreds of friends , community leaders and well-wishers passed through the funeral home in the city of Ansan to offer prayers and to light incense as nuns and friends sang prayers for the departed . Kim and Sung-Woong are still trying to come to terms with the loss of their youngest child and only son . Duk-Ha was one of 325 students from Danwon High School who boarded the ferry bound for Jeju . Only 78 returned . "  He was unusually excited and incredibly happy to be going . I was so happy because he was , so I bid him farewell in the morning wishing him a good trip but it ended this way . My heart is broken , " Kim said . On that fateful Wednesday morning , emergency services received a call from Duk-Ha saying that the ferry was sinking . It was a full three minutes before the vessel 's crew alerted the emergency services . He is being hailed as a hero in South Korea for saving lives with that call . "  I was so surprised when I heard about Duk-Ha making that first call , " his father said . "  We were wondering why he was not calling us when most of the kids were calling their mums and dads when the accident happened . It was not until later when we heard from the media what he had done . He has always had leadership qualities . Now I am very proud of him . Although he made a sacrifice he saved many lives . " Their faith helps the pain of such a devastating loss . "  My Duk-Ha has done many good deeds . We believe God brought Duk-Ha to this life for this purpose , " his father said . As happens so often in tragedies like this , some of the ferry survivors have felt guilty to be alive when so many others are not -- but Duk-Ha 's parents had a poignant message for them . "  It breaks my heart to think about the suffering that all the children went through . My child has gone to heaven but the children who survived must grow up to be adults . I want them to overcome the pain and move on and live a full life for their sake and for the sake of the children who did not make it , " said Kim . Her husband added : "  I am past the point of hating or blaming anyone . I hope that we can let that go . " The local government has asked the state if Duk-Ha can be buried at the national cemetery , which honors political and military leaders and citizens who gave their lives to help others . His parents say they do n't yet know where his final resting place will be . For the next few days his cremated remains will lie at the Ansan gymnasium , a temporary memorial site , where thousands of local people continue to pay their last respects to the lost sons and daughters of Ansan . READ MORE : S. Korea PM resigns over ferry response READ MORE : Ferry disaster 's toll on S. Korea 's national psyche	Choi Duk-Ha , 17 , made first emergency call as South Korean ferry sank While other students called their parents , Choi 's decision to call 119 saved lives Choi was one of 325 kids from his high school aboard ferry ; only 78 survived South Korea 's prime minister has resigned over handling of ferry disaster
CNN  -- Brenda Cruz and her family were flabbergasted by what they spotted as they were driving on Interstate 77 in North Carolina this weekend : A man was hanging on to the back of a fast-moving white sedan in the right-hand lane . "  All of a sudden the kids say , ` There 's someone on top of the car on the trunk , ' and I 'm like , ` What ? ' " Brenda Cruz told CNN affiliate WSOC . The man was lying across the outside of the car 's trunk , she said , as the vehicle sped along at around 50 mph Saturday afternoon . She pulled out her cell phone and began to film the bizarre scene as other cars on the road slowed down , waiting to see what would happen . The family said they witnessed the man shattering the rear windshield before clambering inside the moving vehicle , which was being driven by a woman and had a child in a car seat inside . "  Whenever he lifted his hand to smash the glass open , it looked like it was something sharp , " Brenda 's 17-year-old son , Samuel , told WSOC , saying he was concerned about what might have happened next . "  I 'm really worried because I just hope she 's OK , you know , with her kid , " he said . Authorities said Monday that the incident began as a domestic dispute at a nearby Payless ShoeSource and continued on the highway . "  The female driver is the victim and will not be charged , " said Keith Trietley , spokesman for the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department . "  She chose not to prosecute the male suspect . They are known to one another and were involved in a domestic dispute . No one was injured during the incident . " Trietley declined to identify the couple , noting that no charges have been filed . CNN 's Matthew Stucker contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say the incident was a domestic dispute A man was lying on the outside of the trunk of a car on Interstate 77 in North Carolina The car was being driven by a woman and had a child inside The man smashed the rear windshield and climbed inside , witnesses say
CNN  -- London is bracing itself for a deluge of sporting egos as the best athletes in the world descend on the British capital for the Olympic Games . But an hour away , in the sleepy town of Newmarket , Suffolk , the biggest diva of all has already landed . When the best sprinter in the world rolls into town , you would expect a hefty entourage to follow . But even Usain Bolt does n't come with an official traveling party of 150 . However , Jamaica 's Olympic champion is not Black Caviar . Black Caviar is the epitome of a modern sporting superstar : athletic , invincible , marketable . The only thing out of the ordinary about this athlete is that she is a horse . The world 's most popular racehorse has arrived in England to compete at this month 's Royal Ascot -- arguably the world 's most recognizable race meeting and avidly watched by the Queen of England . The queen of the turf made the long journey off the back of an undefeated career of 21 wins in 21 starts in her native Australia . She has inspired a fanatical following in the sports-mad country , where she has her own Twitter account , Facebook page , blog and shop , where fans can purchase such necessities as Black Caviar 's own-brand shampoo  How do you keep your tail so shiny ? As such , the horse has been accorded VIP status for her first trip away from her home country ; most "  air stables "  the adapted cargo pallets which routinely transport racehorses around the world  accommodate three animals . Sometimes , just two horses travel together , a sort of equine business class . One horse per stall is considered first class . Black Caviar made the 30-hour journey solo , the only horse on the plane . Royal approval : Will unbeatable Black Caviar grace Ascot ? Boarding the jet in her now-famous body suit  inspired by the compression suits used by human athletes such as Aussie hurdler Sally Pearson  , Black Caviar -- who is affectionately known as "  Nelly " -- was accompanied on the flight by her personal track rider and veterinary surgeon to make sure she remained relaxed during transit . The overseas tour has inevitably drawn comparisons with Phar Lap , the legendary New Zealand-born stayer who became one of the earliest stars of the television age when he traveled to the Americas to seek his fortune after dominating Australian racing in the early 1930s . But even Phar Lap never commanded the frenzied attention that accompanies Black Caviar 's every move . When she took her first tentative steps off the Singapore Airlines 747 at Heathrow last week she was probably only dimly aware that she had flown into the biggest media circus the racing world has seen since the days when the Francois Boutin-trained Arazi drew crowds of reporters from both sides of the Atlantic when embarking on his three-year-old campaign in Europe in 1992 . Black Caviar can not be said to be unaccustomed to the attention ; thousands of fans flock to see the wonder mare every time she races , many dressed in her signature salmon and black silks  the distinctive black dots represent the "  caviar " in her name  . It 's a scene that is likely to be repeated when she makes her English debut in the Diamond Jubilee Stakes at Royal Ascot on June 23 , when a record crowd of 80,000 people is expected to pack the Queen 's racecourse . A sizable Australian contingent will be out in force , but for once it wo n't be the ubiquitous gold and green colors that accompany Australian athletes of every stripe as they exert their sporting dominance around the world , but salmon and black . Get ready , Royal Ascot -- the queen of racing is coming to you .	Black Caviar arrives in England to compete in Royal Ascot next week Set to make English debut run in Diamond Jubilee Stakes on June 23 Australian mare has undefeated career statistics of 21 wins from 21 starts Overseas trip has drawn comparisons with Phar Lap
Southern Living  -- Charleston boasts many historic homes and luxury high-rises . But with our list of favorite budget finds and splurge hotels , finding a place to stay does n't have to be complicated . John Rutledge House Inn Want a taste of life 250 years ago ? This is your place . Built in 1763 for John Rutledge , one of the signers of the U.S. Constitution , the 19-room inn is filled with antiques and historically accurate reproductions to give the feel of an old Charleston home . At breakfast  included  , the staff serves local specialties such as shrimp and grits with biscuits and sherried fruit in the Signers Ballroom where , it 's said , parts of the Constitution were drafted . 116 Broad Street ; johnrutledgehouseinn.com or 800-476-9741 . Charleston 's top 5 city tours Two Meeting Street Inn Stay here to experience life on the Battery , one of this city 's most coveted addresses . Built as a father 's generous wedding gift to his daughter in 1890 , the Queen Anne mansion lets guests experience the best of Old Charleston -- without being born into it . Take afternoon tea , Lowcountry style , with Junior League-worthy dishes from the iconic cookbook "  Charleston Receipts . " Sip your evening sherry on the wraparound porch , under 150-year-old oaks covered with resurrection ferns . 2 Meeting Street ; twomeetingstreet.com or 888-723-7322 Southern Living : Do n't - miss Charleston restaurants Charleston Place Hotel The Lowcountry 's answer to glitz and glam , Charleston Place lays it on thick . A Georgian open-arm staircase anchors the lobby , framing a two-and-a-half-ton , 12-foot Murano glass chandelier . The spa features treatments with gold leaf , and chef Michelle Weaver triumphs in her use of regional ingredients at Charleston Grill . Check in here if you dog-ear your People magazine : It 's where Southern royalty such as Faith Hill and Oprah Winfrey stay . 205 Meeting Street ; charlestonplace.com or 888-635-2350 . Fulton Lane Inn This low-key 45-room property echoes the feeling of a typical Charleston antebellum summer house , where formal furnishings were covered in airy muslin and large windows allowed for breezes . You ca n't beat the location , smack in the heart of King Street . Book corner rooms 217 or 317 for light-flooded chambers , working fireplaces and canopied beds . 202 King Street ; fultonlaneinn.com or 800-720-2688 . Southern Living : Return to Charleston Vendue Inn Spread out over six antebellum buildings , the 66-room inn offers a wide variety in their sprawling floor plan , from economical interior rooms  some without any windows  to wide-open suites with fireplaces and sitting rooms drowning in natural light . They serve one of the best hotel breakfasts in town , with coffee strong enough to hold off the Union army and barbecue pork Benedict . 19 Vendue Range ; vendueinn.com or 800-845-7900 . Francis Marion Hotel Just steps from Marion Square , this historic 1924 high-rise is conveniently located for just about every major event in town , such as the Charleston Wine + Food Festival held in March . Though bathrooms are practically microscopic  "  historic " means renovation restrictions  , the rooms themselves are spacious , and the hotel channels the grand feel of the Golden Age of Travel . 387 King Street ; francismarionhotel.com or 877-756-2121 . Southern Living : Charleston 's oldest plantations HarbourView Inn With killer harbor views from the rooftop terrace , the hotel sits at the crossroads of seclusion and convenience-on the edge of quiet Waterfront Park , just a block from some of the best restaurants in town on East Bay Street . Book a room in the refurbished historic wing , an 1830s cotton warehouse , with 14-foot ceilings , original brick walls , large plantation shutters , Tempur-Pedic beds and whirlpool tubs . 2 Vendue Range ; harbourviewcharleston.com or 877-946-8772 . The Mills House Hotel Want some of the best room rates in town ? This 214-room property delivers the look and feel of an updated 19th-century luxury hotel with keen attention to good ol' hospitality . Mills House takes its commitment to service seriously . It is the only hotel in town to require its concierges to be licensed tour guides for the city ; they must pass written and oral tests annually . 115 Meeting Street ; millshouse.com or 800-874-9600 . Wentworth Mansion Welcome to the ultimate money-is-no-object residence . This 21-room manse , built in 1886 by a wealthy cotton merchant for his 13 children , has guestrooms large enough to play full-court basketball  not that we recommend it  . Note the mint-condition Tiffany stained glass windows and hand-carved marble fireplaces . 149 Wentworth Street ; wentworthmansion.com or 888-466-1886 . Church Street Inn Perfect for longer stays , this inn is like having your own apartment in the heart of downtown . Each of the 31 rooms is a townhouse suite , with kitchenettes , plush sitting areas and one or two bedrooms . North-facing rooms have balconies overlooking the Market , where vendors hawk hand-crafted sweetgrass baskets and carriage companies begin their tours . 177 Church Street ; festivaresorts.com or 800-844-7645 . Market Pavilion Hotel If your idea of luxury is a night in the Lincoln Bedroom , check in to this 70-room boutique hotel . From egg-and-dart crown moldings and oil paintings of past Presidents to cashmere blankets and Herms toiletries , it 's all about stately elegance . Atop the hotel , scene-sters flock to the Pavilion Bar for cocktails and panoramic views . Luckily , room floors are key-coded , protecting your slumber from late-night revelers . 225 East Bay Street ; marketpavilion.com or 877-440-2250 . French Quarter Inn Built in 2001 , this hotel fits the historic Charleston skyline -- but without the idiosyncrasies of an old building . That translates to modern , oversize guestrooms and bathrooms . With waffle-weave robes , a seven-option pillow menu , free Champagne at check-in and milk and cookies before bed , the staff makes your comfort their mission . 166 Church Street ; fqicharleston.com or 866-812-1900 . Planters Inn European style gets the "  y' all " treatment at Planters Inn . The intimate 64-room Relais & Chateaux property originally built in 1844 as Honig Dry Goods Store , pampers guests as if they were taking up residence in a genteel Southern home-one with Italian marble baths , 10-foot ceilings and an impressive collection of sweetgrass baskets . Be sure to stop into Peninsula Grill , where chef Robert Carter serves his 10-layer coconut cake . You 'll leave Planters Inn thinking you owe someone a thank-you note . 112 North Market Street ; plantersinn.com or 800-845-7082 . The Cottages on Charleston Harbor These crisp waterfront cabins let you soak up the rustic beauty of the Lowcountry without straying too far from the action downtown . Offering one - or two-bedroom floor plans , they sit just across the Arthur Ravenel Jr. . Bridge from downtown Charleston  about 10 minutes by car  . Heart-pine floors run throughout , double-wide rope hammocks hang on screened porches , fully equipped kitchens anchor the common areas . 16 Patriots Point Road , Mount Pleasant ; thecottagesoncharlestonharbor.com or 866-901-2688 . Get the best of the South delivered - recipes , decorating ideas and travel tips . Sign up for our weekly newsletter . Copyright 2011 Southern Living magazine . All rights reserved .	Charleston Place lays on the glitz and glam The John Rutledge House Inn offers a taste of life 250 years ago The Vendue Inn is spread out over six antebellum buildings
Washington  CNN  -- The world 's military shopping list is being exposed through the WikiLeaks publications . State-of-the-art missiles and American military helicopters are a frequent topic of discussion in the diplomatic cables posted online Sunday by WikiLeaks . The documents show a keen interest in what weaponry Iran has and how to defend against it . One cable found that the United States ' planned missile defense system gives the public in Europe "  a false sense of security . " The crown prince of Bahrain , in another cable , seems to support U.S. missile defense systems aimed at Iran . The crown prince said , according to the cable , "  he would like to help further integrate the Gulf states into -LSB- the Regional Integrated Air and Missile Defense -RSB- project because it would not be enough without everyone 's participation . " But the United Arab Emirates ' concern about Iran was clearly the most frank . Citing Iran 's refusal to scale back its nuclear program and noting that "  there are changes in the region that concern us , " the chief of staff of the UAE 's armed forces told an American ambassador he wanted the U.S. government to deploy between four and five Patriot batteries to the UAE during calendar year 2009 , fearful that an Israeli strike on Iran would result in a retaliatory attack on other countries by Iran . America 's state-of-the-art unmanned aerial vehicles also garnered a great deal of attention . One cable said Turkey "  requested the sale of armed MQ-9 / Reaper UAVs , which will be a challenge to fulfill . " The UAE also wanted UAVs , in particular American Predators , to protect themselves against Iran . One cable said Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan , who is the apparent crown prince as well as deputy supreme commander of the nation 's armed forces , "  again asked about the status of the UAE request to acquire Predator B. " The U.S. general he was meeting with , the cable said , told the prince that the request was being considered . The prince reportedly told the general , "  We are patient , " but added , "  I hope the Iranians give us time ; they are aggressive and are moving fast . " As might be expected , there also is frank discussion in the cables of the diplomatic balancing act that the United States performs with its Arab allies and Israel . An example is the discussion in a meeting between U.S. and Israeli military officials . "  The GOI -LSB- government of Israel -RSB- continued to express concern over the F-15 sale to Saudi Arabia , " one cable said . "  The GOI expressed additional concerns about stationing these new aircraft at Tabuk airfield in the northwest corner of Saudi Arabia -- close to the Israeli border . " At the same meeting , the Israelis complained about the sale to Jordan of air-to-air missiles that could pose a threat to Israeli warplanes . The Americans assured the Israelis that new missiles had no greater capabilities than the older version . The cables indicate that U.S. helicopters are in demand by many countries . Yemen , according to one cable , asked Gen. David Petraeus for 12 armed helicopters . The cable said the issue of helicopters was a "  topic that -LSB- Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh -RSB- would manage to insert into almost every item of discussion during the hour-and-half-long meeting . " Turkey not only wants to buy U.S.-designed military helicopters , it wants to build them , too . One cable spelled out a deal that Turkey 's leadership was trying to nail down to buy 16 Super Cobra helicopter gunships . The same cable said Turkey wants to buy an international version of the Black Hawk helicopter and wants such copters built in Turkey as well . The company that builds Black Hawks "  guarantees that it would build in Turkey -- for sale outside of Turkey -- one Blackhawk  sic  for each one the GOT  government of Turkey  builds and buys for itself ; this is a boon of hundreds of millions of dollars for the Turkish economy , " the cable said . Not all the discussions revolve other countries buying American weapons systems . Another cable spells out the crown prince of the UAE 's "  interest in exploring selling the UAE 's ` gyrocopter ' -LSB- a helicopter-supported UAV co-developed with Austrian company Schiebel -RSB- to the U.S. Air Force . " A note from the person who wrote that cable said the United States would be exploring that possibility . Other cables discuss weapons sales between other countries . A message to the U.S. Embassy in Paris notes U.S. anger over a French company 's sales to China . "  We have information the French firm Sofradir and its subsidiary ULIS continue to sell cooled and uncooled infrared detectors to a Chinese firm for incorporation into thermal imaging systems . We believe the Chinese firm , Zhejiang Dali Technology Company Ltd. , is actively selling its thermal imaging systems to Iranian defense entities . " The cable asks that the French government stop the sales immediately .	Leaked State Department cables show interest in missile defense and UAVs Officials of Bahrain and United Arab Emirates express concern about Iran Israel concerned about sale of F-15s to Saudi Arabia and missiles to Jordan
CNN  -- President Obama is facing great challenges as he takes office and may have made a hasty decision to close Guantanamo Bay without addressing all of the repercussions , Sen. John McCain told CNN 's Larry King Thursday night . Sen. John McCain says he thinks President Obama should have considered where Guantamao prisoners will go . "  When Franklin Delano Roosevelt came to the presidency , it was economic challenges . We clearly faced the rise of Hitler and fascism , but early on it was mainly domestic issues , " McCain said . But President Obama has in front of him two wars , a crisis in the Middle East and a domestic economic crisis . "  This president faces domestic challenges and the national security challenges , so he 's got a big job , " McCain said . Obama got to work from day one by ordering a halt to prosecutions of Guantanamo Bay prisoners , followed by an order to close the detention facility within a year and ban torture . But McCain told King he thinks the new president may have been hasty in the decision and should have taken the time to consider everything associated with closing the camp before forcing himself into a timetable . "  I think that it 's a wise move , " McCain said about closing Guantanamo Bay . "  But I also think that we should have addressed this whole issue completely , because it did not address the issue of those who we have in custody and ca n't -- and no country will take them back . We should have addressed the issue of those who we know would pose a threat to the United States , but we do n't have sufficient evidence to move forward . " Watch McCain talk about the problem with closing Guantanamo Bay " McCain said instead of closing Guantanamo Bay outright , he would have first continued the military commissions , which "  after years of delay and obfuscation " were finally moving toward trials . "  So , the easy part , in all due respect , is to say we 're going to close Guantanamo , " McCain said . "  Then I think I would have said where they were going to be taken . Because you 're going to run into a NIMBY -LSB- not in my backyard -RSB- problem here in the United States of America . " Along with the order to close Guantanamo , Obama also set up a task force to advise him on strategies to relocate its prisioners . McCain also expressed concerns over President Obama 's proposed stimulus package , saying from where he stands , it "  is more of a spending package than a stimulus package . " "  I hope we can work together to , frankly , be a real stimulus package and not just a spending package that has every cat and dog and pet project that people have , " he said . "  Because the object of a stimulus package is to stimulate the economy , not to just spend more and run up the debt to our kids and our grandkids . " In addition to a real stimulus package , McCain said he believes the government should work to cut or eliminate payroll taxes . "  I think we should spend the money that we can immediately , but at the same time if we have a couple of quarters of positive GDP growth , then let 's start reducing and eliminating the huge , massive , unprecedented deficits that are going to accrue from these actions , " he said . Despite some of their differing viewpoints on how to tackle the biggest problems the president will handle , McCain said he does plan to work with President Obama in any way he can . Watch McCain talk about working with Obama " "  These are difficult times and whatever way I can assist and work with the president of the United States , I want to do it , " he said . "  And again , the American people are tired of the bitter partisanship . " "  There will be open and honest disagreements that the president and I had and -- but I hope that there are areas where -- I know there are areas where we can all work together . The American people are demanding it and they deserve it and they have n't been getting it . "	McCain : Closing Guantanamo "  wise move , " but incomplete solution Senator says decision made without considering where prisoners will go McCain wants to see more of a stimulus package , less of a spending package Senator says people demand , deserve bipartisanship and "  have n't been getting it "
CNN  -- The Czech Republic has apologized for a controversial art installation it commissioned to mark its six-month presidency of the European Union . David Cerny attends the ` Entropa ' exhibit with Czech Deputy Prime Minister Alexandr Vondra . The work , "  Entropa , " frames various representations of each member state as components of a giant multimedia model kit . With Bulgaria depicted as a Turkish toilet and Romania as a vampire theme-park , the work by Czech artist David Cerny has provoked an angry response from some member states . Betina Joteva , spokesperson for Bulgaria 's permanent representation to the EU , said in comments reported by EUObserver.com : "  It -LSB- the work -RSB- is preposterous , a disgrace . It is a humiliation for the Bulgarian nation and an offence to -LSB- our -RSB- national dignity . " Look at images of European nations " At the official unveiling of the work at the EU headquarters in Brussels Thursday , Alexandr Vondra , Czech Deputy Prime Minister for EU affairs , said : "  Entropa is a provocation of a kind . I understand that some could feel offended and I would like to apologize to them . This does not just concern Bulgaria but any other member state . "  I would also like to apologize to all those whom I have unintentionally misled , among other media representatives and my colleagues from the Permanent Representation of the Czech Republic in Brussels . If Entropa was supposed to make fun of someone , that would be us , me in the first place . " Bulgaria is not the only nation to suffer an unflattering depiction . What do you think about images ? Germany is criss-crossed by a series of autobahns in what some critics say is a close approximation of a swastika ; Spain is a giant construction site in a dig at its building boom ; and Luxembourg is a gold covered nugget sporting a "  For Sale " sign . The Netherlands is depicted as a submerged land with only minarets peeking through the waves in an apparent reference to its religious tensions . Poland recreates the WWII flag-raising at Iwo Jima , only with the U.S. Marines and the Stars and Stripes replaced with Catholic clergy brandishing the multi-colored gay pride flag . The UK is absent from the work -- possibly because of its on-off relationship with the rest of the continent . In a further embarrassment , the Czech government said in a statement on its presidency Web site Tuesday that the original brief was for the work to be created by 27 artists representing all EU Member States -- and that it was "  unpleasantly surprised " to learn that this was not the case . When we received the proposal for a joint project of 27 artists , we created the conditions for its realization , " Vondra said Thursday in quotes carried on the presidency Web site . "  The project which was then delivered by David Cerny included the names of 26 other artists , each of them being the creator of his or her own country . "  Part of the deal was that any other costs relating to production of the project would be covered by the artist himself or private funds he would find . Only after the Entropa had been installed here we learnt , much to our surprise and dismay , that the participation of 27 artists was in fact a piece of misinformation . "  It was an unpleasant shock for us although the conceptual artist DC later apologize to the government and informed us that we did not use the Czech tax payers ' money appropriated for this project . "  It was an unpleasant shock for us , " Vondra said Thursday , in speech carried . although the conceptual artist DC later apologize to the government and informed us that we did not use the Czech tax payers ' money appropriated for this project . Cerny is no stranger to controversy . In 1991 he was arrested after painting pink a Soviet tank that served as a Prague war memorial . His Web site shows other examples of his work , including previous kit-style installations entitled "  Jesus Christ " and "  Dead Raped Woman " ; and a life-size bronze fountain that depicts two men standing opposite each other , urinating . Cerny , and his main collaborators Kristof Kintera and Tomas Pospiszyl apologized to Czech Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek and other government ministers Tuesday , according to a statement on the artist 's Web site , for " not having informed them about what is true and for having misled them . " The statement adds that Cerny and his colleagues initially wanted to use 27 European artists for "  Entropa " , but fell short due to lack of time and money . Instead , they say , they decided to create fictional artists , some of whom have even been given their own Web sites .	Czech Republic assumed six-month presidency of European Union this month Czech artist , govt . apologized for artwork that sparked diplomatic protests "  Entropa " was officially unveiled at EU HQ in Brussels Thursday Bulgarian EU representative : A humiliation for the Bulgarian nation
CNN  -- Dave Chappelle wants to clear up a misconception : He never quit "  Chappelle 's Show , " his hit Comedy Central series . "  Technically , I never quit , " he said in an appearance on "  The Late Show with David Letterman . " "  I 'm seven years late for work . " Chappelle 's television appearance was a rarity . Since the last episodes of "  Chappelle 's Show " aired in 2006 , he 's done just a handful of TV interviews , the last with Conan O'Brien in 2008 , when O'Brien was still hosting "  Late Night " on NBC . Chappelle has talked about a variety of reasons for ending the program , including burnout and the inability to devote time to his standup career . He has n't been a hermit , however . Last year he participated in Funny Or Die 's Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival , and he also has dropped by comedy clubs to perform . With Letterman , Chappelle -- cracking wise and looking sharp in a gray windowpane suit -- talked about disappearing to South Africa during the height of the controversy about the show 's future and the truckloads of money Comedy Central was rumored to have offered him to continue . "  It was like living in the corner of perception and reality . It 's a weird place to be , " he said of the rumors surrounding his Africa trip . Rumors have a way of taking on a life of their own , he added : "  When everyone thought Wesley Snipes was in jail , I saw him at a party . " As for the Comedy Central deal , said to be as high as $ 50 million ? Well , money ca n't buy everything , Chappelle told Letterman . Sometimes he wonders about the "  what ifs " ; other times he 's fine with the way things have gone . He said he was at a restaurant with his wife and saw a man across the room . "  He has $ 100 million , and we 're eating the same entree , " Chappelle told Letterman . Even though he may have less money than the $ 100 million man , "  the difference in lifestyle is miniscule . " He summed it up , literally . "  The only difference between having $ 10 million and $ 50 million , " he started -- and took a long pause -- "  is an astounding $ 40 million . "	Dave Chappelle appears on "  Late Show with David Letterman " He talks about leaving "  Chappelle 's Show " "  It was like living in the corner of perception and reality , " he says of experience
Four weeks away from the 2014 midterm elections and even some Democratic operatives struggle to imagine a scenario where they retain control of the U.S. Senate . The terrain and current momentum seem all but overwhelming and against them . A new CNN/ORC poll out Thursday morning suggests a Republican lead over a Democratic incumbent , this time in Alaska , and does nothing to calm Democrats ' nerves . "  If you put a gun to my head , I guess I 'd say that we 're going to lose the Senate , " one Democratic consultant told me in a moment of anonymous candor . It 's not even so much that President Obama is an Ancient Mariner-esque Albatross around their necks , though he is . "  I love the guy and I do n't think there 's anything he could do to fix it , " the Democratic operative says , "  but he 's a real drag . But the bigger drag is the economy overall -- even though the economy is getting better , people are n't feeling it because wages are stagnant . " Related : GOP challenger leads in Alaska The other issue is that many of the Democrats defending their seats in GOP-leaning states had a fresh new Obama in 2008 helping to sweep them into office -- and often then , just barely . The class of 2008 were a bunch of Obama babies -- and now that 's working against them . It 's hard to explain to youngsters , but in 2008 then-Sen . Obama won Indiana and North Carolina and almost even won Montana and Missouri . Millions of Americans turned out to vote for him and in doing so in red states boosted Democrats like Sen. Mark Begich in Alaska . Begich only beat then-Sen . Ted Stevens , 47.9 % to 46.7 % six years ago . Begich has hovered in the low 40s in recent polling ; he trails his GOP opponent Dan Sullivan by six percentage points among likely voters in the CNN / ORC poll out Thursday morning . Senate math is hard for Democrats The basic math , for those of you not as fixated as the rest of us , is the following : The GOP needs to win at least six seats  though the number may end up being seven given the weirdness in Kansas -- more on that later . Republicans start off basically half way there . Montana , West Virginia and South Dakota -- where three incumbent Democrats have said farewell -- are considered easy GOP pickups , with the GOP candidates ahead in polls by double digits . That leaves seven competitive Senate races where Democrats are playing defense : solid red states Alaska , Arkansas , and Louisiana ; and blue-ish Colorado , Iowa , New Hampshire , and purple-ish North Carolina . Democrats are feeling cautiously bullish about exactly two of these races , Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , D-NH , and Sen. Kay Hagan , D-NC . Hagan is instructive in this way , she currently polls at 44 % against her GOP opponent Thom Tillis , with 40 % . As Obama squeaked in a 49.9 % -49.5 % victory against Sen. John McCain , R-Ariz. , for North Carolina in 2008 , Hagan defeated then-Sen . Elizabeth Dole , R-NC , 52.7 % to 44.2 % , and North Carolina elected a Democratic governor and handed Democrats victories in eight out of 13 House races . Four years later , North Carolinians opted for Mitt Romney , a GOP governor , and Democrats were down to four out of 13 U.S. House seats . Hagan could certainly pull out a win this November , but it wo n't be because she 's riding a wave -- it will be because she successfully fought against it . Related : Key senate races Here is the obligatory "  to be sure " paragraph : each race is its own individual microcosm , incumbents have advantages challengers do not , four weeks is a lifetime in politics , Dewey Defeats Truman , insert clich here . The Senate GOP Leader , Mitch McConnell , has a competitive race in Kentucky , though I know few Democrats who think he wo n't eke it out at the end of the day . And Kansas is a weird one , with the Democratic candidate having withdrawn , and Republican Sen. Pat Roberts facing an independent challenger who has n't said with which party he 'll caucus . Democrats are hoping if the final vote comes down to Independent Greg Orman , he 'll remember that Democrats cleared the field for him . A CNN/ORC poll out Wednesday showed the race in a virtual tie with Roberts just one percentage point ahead . Related : Roberts rebounds in Kansas poll The Democratic operative noted that his party was benefiting from some GOP struggles , namely the Republican party 's inability to raise as much money as it had wanted to , infighting among GOP Super-PACs , and general infighting among conservatives . " But midterm elections are generally more difficult for the party that holds the White House . And opposition to Washington appears to be a motivating factor for a lot of voters . "  A lot of these races are tight right now , but this is n't the sort of environment where late-deciding voters are going to break for Democrats , " the Democratic consultant said , adding that with Democrats in tight races but under 50 % right now , it 's tough to imagine all of them breaking in favor of the party that holds the White House . Those Democrats include the ones fighting for their jobs in all seven of these toss-ups . Remember that the GOP only need win three of these and the most recent polling , which could clearly change between now and election day , suggests extremely close margins or a Republican advantage in all of them :  Alaska  Republican up 50-44 in CNN / ORC poll  Arkansas  Republican up 45-41 in CBS / NYT / YouGov poll  Louisiana  Republican up 47-41 in CBS / NYT YouGov poll  Colorado  Democrat up 48-45 in CBS / NYT / YouGov poll  Iowa  42-42 draw in Loras College poll  New Hampshire  Democrat up 48-41 in CBS / NYT / YouGov poll  North Carolina  Democrat up 47-45 in USA Today / Suffolk poll "  It 's going to be bad , " the consultant said . "  Not 2010 bad , but bad . " Even hapless House GOP candidates running against popular incumbents are proving competitive , the consultant reports . "  You can see why Eric Cantor went down -- people are just so anti-Washington , and that 's particularly a problem with Democrats because of ties " to the president . "  People feel hopeless and think that Washington is n't doing anything . "	Democrats are on defense in seven key senate races They are all but sure to lose three seats where Democrats are retiring Some Democrats privately admit it is going to be very difficult for them to keep control of the Senate
The fight against Ebola in Liberia got some welcome news -- with a little caution . The number of new cases in the nation appears to be declining , with fewer burials , plateauing lab confirmations and less-cramped hospitals , the World Health Organization said . If the trend continues , the hardest hit nation will get a much-needed break . The deadly virus has left at least 4,922 people dead mostly in Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia . More than half of the deaths have been in Liberia , which has buckled under the weight of the epidemic , and even declared a shortage of body bags this month . Too soon to celebrate Though health experts expressed optimism , they warned that the latest observation does not mean Ebola is under control in Liberia . The virus has the potential to appear in waves , which can be mistaken for declining cases . "  The danger now is that we move , instead of a steady downward trend that gets us down to zero , that we end up with a oscillating pattern where the disease starts going up and down and areas start getting re-infected , " said Dr. Bruce Aylward , an assistant director-general at the WHO . "  What gets the heat out of this thing and slows it down is n't necessarily what is going to get us to zero . " The numbers have been on the decline for about week , he said . Not declining in Sierra Leone Despite the good news in Liberia , Ebola infections have not slowed down in Sierra Leone , he said . One of the goals is to educate the population to help reduce contact between Ebola patients and those who are not infected . "  With the concerted community engagement , with safe burials , with a big push on getting the right information out through the right channels , you can rapidly get the behavior changes that are critical to protecting populations , " Aylward said at a news conference in Geneva on Wednesday . "  And that can translate into positive trends in terms of the disease . " Scramble to develop vaccines As the world reels from the outbreak , health experts are fast-tracking tests for various vaccines , and hope to have millions of experimental doses by next year . There is currently no cure or vaccine for Ebola , which has infected nearly 14,000 people mostly in the three most affected nations . Scientists racing to stop the epidemic are trying various experimental drugs on patients , including ZMapp and TKM-Ebola . In addition to drug development , there 's a scramble to develop vaccines , with scores of companies working on experimental doses . Health care workers in affected nations will get the first opportunity to try the experimental vaccines . At least 521 health workers have caught the virus worldwide . Of those , 272 have died . Ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person . Complete coverage on Ebola	Is Liberia getting a much-needed break ? Lab confirmations are also plateauing and hospitals are less-cramped There is currently no cure or vaccine for Ebola
NAPLES , Italy -- Udinese remained in fifth place in Italy 's Serie A after suffering a 3-1 defeat away to Napoli on Saturday , with both teams having a player sent off . Ezequiel Lavezzi inspired Napoli to victory against Udinese , netting twice and setting up the first goal . Ezequiel Lavezzi scored twice in two minutes to end a goal drought lasting two and a half months , netting on 74 and 75 as Napoli moved up to ninth in the table . The Argentine also provided the cross that Udinese defender Cristian Zapata put into his own net to leave the visitors playing catch-up from just the third minute . Pepe leveled the score on nine minutes , and then Napoli played with 10 men from the 36th minute after Paolo Cannavaro was expelled for a last-man foul . But the teams were even in numbers again after Pepe was ejected for a second yellow card on 60 minutes . Udinese are still four points behind fourth-placed Fiorentina and the last Champions League berth . Fiorentina hosts AC Milan , which has 30 points , on Sunday . In Saturday 's other match , Fabrizio Miccoli scored the only goal to give Palermo a 1-0 victory over Livorno . Miccoli struck in the 76th minute with a shot from just outside the area with Livorno goalkeeper Marco Amelia partially unsighted by several players . Palermo keeper Alberto Fontana saved a penalty by Francesco Tavano at the end of the first half , and had to make several vital stops in the first opening period . Palermo had lost their last three Serie A matches and dropped down the table , but the win put them one point above Napoli in eighth . In Sunday 's other matches , leaders Inter Milan host second-bottom Empoli and second-placed Roma travel to third-bottom Siena . Genoa are at home to Catania , third-placed Juventus host bottom club Cagliari , Sampdoria travel to Lazio , Parma play Atalanta and Reggina face fellow strugglers Torino . E-mail to a friend	Udinese stay fifth in Italy 's Serie A after suffering a 3-1 defeat away to Napoli Ezequiel Lavezzi scored twice in two second-half minutes to end goal drought Both teams were reduced to 10 men , with one player sent off in each half Fabrizio Miccoli scores only goal to give Palermo a 1-0 victory over Livorno
CNN  -- Intended or not , the central image on the Facebook page of Jacob "  Jake " Roberts , the Oregon shopping mall gunman , is haunting . A "  Follow Your Dreams " slogan painted on a wall is stamped "  Cancelled " in red -- a work by famed street artist Banksy . Describing himself , Roberts made an attempt at humor . "  Hey what 's up guys my names Jake and I 'm an alcoholic ... Lol just kidding , " Roberts wrote in the first line of his introduction , which included grammatical errors . "  If you were to ask someone that knows me they would probably say that I am a pretty funny person that takes sarcasm to the max . Read more : Oregon mall shooting victims remembered "  I 'm the conductor of my choo choo train , " he continued . "  I may be young but I have lived one crazy life so far . " Authorities have released a photograph of Roberts , 22 , who wore a hockey-like face mask as he shot at holiday shoppers Tuesday at the Clackamas Town Center in Happy Valley , Oregon , near Portland . He killed two people and then himself . The photograph of Jacob Tyler Roberts depicts a thin chin beard and gauge earrings embedded in both lobes . Black , wavy hair frames a half-smile . One of his Facebook friends , Brittany Curry , 21 , told CNN she dated Roberts for five months last year . They met through mutual friends in the Portland area , she said . "  I am in shock . I do n't know what to feel , " Curry said in a telephone interview . "  He was really a good guy . He was really happy . He put everybody before himself . " Roberts owned one gun , Curry said , but she did n't want to elaborate . His Facebook page lists "  shooting " as one of his 10 interests , along with camping , sleeping , rafting , BMX , sushi and spending money . Read more : Details , but no answers , in Oregon mall shooting Roberts told Curry that his mother died at childbirth and he never met his father , she said . He left his maternal aunt 's home at age 14 , Curry said . "  He raised himself , " Curry said . "  He was doing it all on his own . " A friend from high school , Jordan Salazar , said she understood that Roberts ' parents were not present in his life . He was a skateboarder back then , she said . "  In high school Jake was a nice guy , outgoing , " Salazar told CNN . "  I saw him a few times in the last year . He seemed normal " and a "  good guy , " she added . Roberts valued his friends , Curry said . Roberts wrote on his Facebook page : "  My friends are my family and I do n't think that will ever change . I have done a lot for myself in the past year some good and some bad but I still press on . "  I like hanging out with my friends and having a good time maybe get a little drunk every now and then . I like to think of myself as a bit of an adrenaline junkie ... Yup that 's right I 'm a junkie lol . But I 'm just looking to meet new people and see the world , " Roberts typed . When they were dating , Roberts was living in an apartment across from the Clackamas Town Center mall , Curry said . Roberts wanted to be a firefighter and was taking classes at Clackamas Community College , Curry said . "  It was always his dream , " Curry said . In the meantime , he had been working as a cook at Big Bertha 's gyro eatery in Portland for more than two years , Curry said . About that job , Roberts commented on Facebook : "  Right now I work at the most badass gyro shop in town . I am one of the few people that can say I love my job and actually mean it . " Read more : Inside Clackamas Town Center Mall CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report from Portland , Oregon .	NEW : The central image on Roberts ' Facebook page was a work by street artist Banksy The gunman 's mother died at childbirth ; he never met father , a friend says He told a friend he left his aunt 's home at age 14 and raised himself Jacob ` Jake ' Roberts uses edgy , dark humor on his Facebook page
CNN  -- Every day , more than 3,200 kids under the age of 18 smoke a cigarette for the first time . About 700 of those become daily smokers . Those are two reasons , the Food and Drug Administration says , why it has launched a national education campaign aimed at preventing those between the ages of 12 and 17 from trying cigarettes or -- for those already experimenting -- from becoming regular smokers . "  The Real Cost " campaign seeks to educate these "  at-risk " teenagers by spotlighting the health hazards of smoking in a series of television , radio , print and online ads . These ads show the costs of smoking , from skin damage to gum disease and from tooth loss to a loss of control over their lives because of from addiction . About nine of 10 regular smokers had their first cigarettes by the time they were 18 , said FDA Commissioner Dr. Margaret Hamburg . Because teenage brains are still developing , they are more susceptible to nicotine addiction , the FDA said . "  We know from research that there is a group of of youth -- 12 to 17 -- who are more vulnerable , partly because of the nature of their lives -- you know , chaotic lives , lots of stress , lack of control , " Hamburg said . Some live with smokers , "  which dramatically increases the risk , and so we 're hoping that we can potentially interrupt a deadly cycle , " she said . "  We can help these teens understand the real consequences of smoking , the real costs of smoking to them , so that they wo n't take up smoking if they 're on the cusp and will stop smoking if they 've already started . " E-cigarettes : Healthy tool or gateway device ? Smoking as an adolescent can stunt growth , stain teeth and cause premature wrinkles , health officials say , and smokeless tobacco can cause mouth , esophagus and pancreas cancers . Studies have estimated that every cigarette smoked shaves 11 minutes off your life . In 2009 , the Tobacco Control Act became law , giving the FDA the authority to regulate tobacco products to protect public health , including manufacturing , distribution and marketing . The law looks to prevent and reduce smoking by kids under 18 , the legal age to buy tobacco products . These new ads are the first of several planned education campaigns , but it 's not the only effort . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is continuing its "  Tips From Former Smokers " campaign with a new set of anti-smoking ads . One of the more striking ads features Terrie Hall , who had her larynx  commonly called the voice box  removed as a result of the ravages of oral and throat cancers . Hall , who had started smoking as a teen , died in September at 53 from complications of smoking . Doctors support raising the smoking age RJ Reynolds , the second-largest tobacco company in the U.S. , runs a youth tobacco prevention program called Right Decisions Right Now : Be Tobacco Free . Company spokeswoman Jane Seccombe said she could not comment on on the FDA 's new campaign until she saw the ads . But she says Right Decisions Right Now has been up and running for more than 20 years and is used by more than 20,000 middle schools and community groups like the Boy Scouts of America and Big Brothers Big Sisters . "  RDRN is part of our company 's long-term initiative to transform the tobacco industry , " said Laura Leigh Oyler , a public policy director at the company . "  Over the past 20 years , youth tobacco prevention efforts and programs have had a big impact on reducing teen smoking , now at a historic low , and we are actively working on ways to accelerate the decline in youth tobacco use . " But "  the tobacco industry has very aggressively been advertising for years , for decades , including to youth , " Hamburg said . "  We think we can make a difference , because we have targeted messages that will resonate . " The initial response from teens who participated in focus groups to evaluate the ads for effectiveness , she says , has been positive . The agency plans to conduct a study following 8,000 kids between the ages of 11 and 16 and will do face-to-face interviews gathering data on adolescents ' awareness , attitudes and beliefs about smoking tobacco . Will your children buy candy , gum or little cigars ? Over the next two years , the FDA will launch additional campaigns targeting specific groups including multicultural , rural and LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  youths . Its goal is to reduce the number of teenage cigarette smokers by 300,000 over the next three years . "  We will make an important contribution to reducing the toll of preventable death , disease and disability from cigarettes and tobacco use . It is astounding how the burden of tobacco continues to take a toll on the American people . " Hamburg said . "  Every year , some 480,000 people die an early , premature death because of tobacco use . It costs the health care system over $ 289 billion and also lost productivity costs , according to a recent estimate . And our youth are at risk . ... So if we can reach them and stop them , we can prevent a life-long addiction and all of the concomitant disability and disease and early death . "	The FDA is launching a campaign aimed at preventing teen smoking About 90 % of regular smokers first smoked as teenagers The CDC also unveils new "  Tips From Former Smokers " ads
CNN  -- A Saudi group advocating for democratic reform in Saudi Arabia has announced the cancellation of a planned public sit-in after having been denied a permit for the event by the kingdom 's Ministry of Interior . In an e-mailed statement , the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association  ACPRA  said that the organizers of the sit-in were summoned on Tuesday to the Interior Ministry . They "  were informed that the sit-in request was refused without providing further legal justification preventing peaceful assemblies and protests . " CNN could not reach Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry for comment . Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy where protests and gatherings are prohibited . In a statement dated November 13 , ACPRA called on "  all Saudis to participate in a public sit-in to demand political reform " on Thursday in the country 's capital city of Riyadh . The purpose of the sit-in was to demand a list of 20 rights , among them "  ending princes ' privileges , " "  eradicating bribery and nepotism , " "  fairness and impartiality of the judiciary , " "  preventing arbitrary detention , torture , and harassment in prisons , " and "  transparency , accountability , and control over the national income and how it be spent . " In a separate letter addressed to the kingdom 's interior minister , Prince Naif bin Abdulaziz Al Saud , the group asked the minister to "  provide us the opportunity to peacefully express our demand for political reform , on the basis of the requirements of the allegiance : the stewardship of the nation over the ruler . Because it is the only way to ensure the means to , and the guarantees of , justice and democracy . " The letter detailed how , if permission were granted to stage the sit-in , the attendees would "  express their feelings peacefully in a very civilized and polite manner . " Mohammed Al-Qahtani , president of the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association , told CNN this was the third time his group had applied for and been denied a permit by the kingdom 's Interior Ministry to hold a peaceful assembly within the kingdom . He believes this is in direct violation of Saudi Arabia 's membership on the United Nations ' Human Rights Council . "  They talk the talk but they do n't walk the walk as far as allowing people to express themselves peacefully , " said Al-Qahtani when describing the kingdom 's stance towards groups asking for political reform . Al-Qahtani said he 's not surprised permission for the sit-in was denied and that he and members of his group had been expecting this outcome . Al-Qahtani said that even though ACPRA was denied a permit for the planned sit-in , he does see positive signs in all this . "  Given the fact that we have been reiterating the same demands before and that we 're still free to meet and discuss all this , it 's a good indication of how times have changed for the better , " said Al-Qahtani . He attributed a lot of the newfound tolerance in Saudi Arabia to its ruler , King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud , who is seen by many as a reformer and who has been promoting national and societal dialogue within the kingdom since ascending the throne in 2005 . "  If you think about the atmosphere in the country 10 years ago , " explained Al-Qahtani , "  nobody could have put these demands on the table then -- so now , it seems Saudi Arabia has opened up a bit . "	The Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association wanted to stage a public sit-in It 's the third time the group applied for and was denied a permit for peaceful assembly There are positive signs , though , because the group can still "  meet and discuss "
CNN  -- A wildfire scorching Southern California prompted authorities to urge thousands to evacuate on Tuesday , though authorities appear to have gotten a better grip on the blaze as the day wore on . "  At the point that the fire is right now , we have a pretty good handle on it , " San Diego Fire Chief Javier Mainar told reporters early Tuesday evening . "  We hope to do some more work through the night and into tomorrow , but I think that the largest part of the emergency has passed . " At one point late Tuesday afternoon , San Diego County announced on Twitter and its emergency department website that "  more than 20,000 homes and residences are being evacuated due to the Bernardo Fire . " But in a news conference Tuesday evening , County Sheriff Bill Gore that only 5,000 evacuation notices had been issued ; he said that the 20,000 number may have come from an assumption of four people in each residence . Authorities initially said that most of the evacuations were in San Diego city limits . But by the evening , San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman estimated about 300 homes were still evacuated in select areas . Earlier , parents were told to pick up their children from three elementary schools because of the fire and an evacuation center was moved from one high school to another . Mainar , though , said he did n't see any reason now why classes in those elementary schools would not resume Wednesday . The fire began at 10:45 a.m.  1:45 p.m. ET  , fanned by strong winds , according to the fire chief . "  It has been , to say the least , a very challenging day for local fire agencies and law enforcement agencies , " Mainar said . "  It is unusual in May to have wind driven fires like this that prove to be such a challenge to contain . " For all those challenges , authorities said they do n't know of any injuries or fatalities tied to the blaze . It had burned 800 acres and was 5 % contained as of 7:50 p.m. , according to CalFire . The National Weather Service issued a red flag warning for areas around San Diego through 8 p.m. Wednesday . As the agency noted , "  a red flag warning means that critical fire weather conditions are either occurring now or will shortly , " with strong winds , low humidity and warm temperatures feeding into "  extreme fire behavior . " Temperatures in the Southern California city are forecast to peak in the mid-90s Wednesday and Thursday with no sign of rain , before cooling somewhat later in the week . CNN 's Matthew Stucker contributed to this report .	NEW : Fire chief : "  The largest part of the emergency has passed " NEW : City police chief says 300 are still evacuated NEW : 800 acres have burned , and the fire is 5 % contained A red flag warning is in effect for areas around San Diego
CNN  -- Seeking to alleviate concern about rising oil prices , Saudi Arabia 's oil minister said his country and other OPEC members have the capacity to produce surplus oil , Saudi Press Agency reported . Saudi Arabia alone has a surplus of about 4 million barrels per day , the agency quoted Minister Ali al-Naimi as saying . It was not clear from the news agency 's report whether al-Naimi meant that Saudi Arabia is already producing an extra 4 million barrels or that it can , if the need arises . On Tuesday , 87 countries -- including Saudi Arabia -- signed a charter to limit price fluctuations and stabilize the market . The move came as oil prices jumped 6 % . Prices spiked as high as $ 98 a barrel earlier in the session , as the crisis in Libya sparked concern that the turmoil roiling the Middle East could spread to other producing countries -- including Saudi Arabia . "  Now it 's starting to look like the entire region 's on fire , and it looks like it could spread to other parts of the region , " said Peter Beutel , oil analyst with energy risk management firm Cameron Hanover . "  This thing is getting worse and worse and worse , and it could spread to Saudi Arabia , and that 's the big fear . " Libya 's importance with regard to oil prices does n't hinge so much on its oil-producing and exporting capabilities , said Beutel . To put things in perspective , Libya produces about 1.6 million barrels of crude per day , compared with Saudi Arabia 's daily production of 8.4 million barrels and worldwide production of 87 million barrels , he said . But now the monarchy of Saudi Arabia , one of the United States ' strongest allies and an island of stability in an otherwise tempestuous region , faces an uncertain future . "  Markets have always relied on Saudi Arabia to act as the swing producer , boosting output if supplies were disrupted elsewhere , " said Win Thin , global head of emerging markets strategy for Brown Brothers Harriman . The International Energy Agency , an industry group based in Austria , said Tuesday that it "  stands ready , as always , to make oil available to the market in the event of a major supply disruption if alternative supplies can not readily be made available via normal market mechanisms . " And OPEC has also said it stands ready to hold an emergency meeting to raise its output if needed .	87 countries sign a charter to limit price fluctuations Oil prices jumped 6 % on Tuesday Libya produces 1.6 million barrels of crude per day Saudi Arabia 's daily production is 8.4 million barrels
CNN  -- Every morning at 7:30 , Hiroshi Ashitomi trudges up sand-dusted steps , pries open a metal folding chair and joins a handful of his fellow retirees under a plastic tent , facing seaward . They are staging a protest . Their sit-ins are in opposition to a perceived threat that many of his neighbors also fear : the planned expansion of a U.S. military base on Okinawa 's east-facing Henoko Bay . Last week , however , the routines of both Ashitomi and the U.S. military were upset . And even though the reason for that disruption -- a devastating earthquake and subsequent tsunami -- demonstrated the advantage of having U.S. bases , Ashitomi and others say they will not alter their efforts to get the U.S. military off the island . In the wake of the earthquake , the U.S. military is sending humanitarian aid and technical assistance to the hardest-hit areas of Japan . Many of these efforts are being launched from bases on Okinawa Island , where the United States maintains a permanent military presence under a treaty the two countries signed after World War II . Staging areas in Okinawa allowed U.S. assistance to reach the affected areas faster than aid from many other countries . Perhaps more than at any time in recent memory , the U.S. military has made a compelling case for its presence on Okinawa . But to Ashitomi , who said he views U.S. troops as de facto occupiers , the benefits are outweighed . He is not alone . Susumu Inamine , mayor of the city of Nago on Okinawa , pointed out Saturday that he was elected on a platform of "  no new construction of U.S. facilities " on the island . He also recited a litany of statistics that many in Okinawa have committed to memory : Seventy-five percent of all U.S. bases in Japan are on Okinawa , an island that makes up less than 1 % of Japan 's territory , and 20 % of the land on the island is taken by U.S. bases . Inamine said his constituents feel that the Japanese central government requires a disproportionate "  burden " of Okinawans , relative to residents of other parts of Japan . He wants some of the U.S. presence on his island to be relocated to another Japanese island . Still , not everyone in Okinawa is against the influence of the United States , which provides economic and strategic benefits . In statistics from the Marines at Kadena Air Base , U.S. forces spend an annual $ 1.9 billion in the local economy , constituting as much as 10 % of Okinawa 's Gross Prefectural Product . And according to Article 9 of Japan 's Constitution , "  land , sea , and air forces , as well as other war potential , will never be maintained , " meaning that the U.S. military presence represents Japan 's strongest line of defense in the event of an attack . But Ashitomi said he would not be deterred . "  Once the tsunami warnings are lifted , I will be back every day until Mr. Obama cancels the current plans for the base expansion , " he said . Asked why he , a Japanese citizen , pinned his hopes on the U.S. president , he said , "  The Japanese government will listen to whatever the U.S. government tells them . The government of Japan does n't have its own policy . It 's a pitiful government . "	U.S. aid efforts are being launched from bases on Okinawa Island Many Okinawans oppose the U.S. presence there The bases provide economic and strategic benefits A mayor says his constituents feel a disproportionate burden
CNN  -- Rape has turned into a weapon of war in the Democratic Republic of Congo , with the number of attacks on women having grown threefold over the past few years , human rights activists said in October . Anneke van Woudenberg , senior researcher with Human Rights Watch , told Christiane Amanpour that 200,000 women and girls have been raped in Eastern Congo since 1998 , and the condition of women has become more dire as the Congolese army has pressed a military campaign against armed groups in the countryside . "  Rape is being used as a weapon of war in eastern Congo . So we notice and we have documented that when armed groups walk into town , they will rape the women and girls , sometimes publicly , sometimes privately , in order to punish the local population , " she said . "  It 's the easiest way to terrorize a community . " Congo has witnessed one of the worst humanitarian crises since World War II , with a death toll estimated at more than 5 million . Most of the dead have come not from direct violence , but the consequences of the fighting : disease and starvation . While the war formally ended six years ago , fighting persists in eastern Congo , and women are paying a high price . "  One of the other sad realities is that the majority of those who are raped are adolescent girls , 12-year-olds , 13-year-olds , 14-year-olds . Their lives are often ruined by this . And I think we 've got to take more seriously -- protection of civilians is not just protecting them from death . It 's protecting them from rape , " van Woudenberg said . There have also been reports of members of the Congolese army , particularly high ranking officers , attacking women . In May , the United Nations handed over the names of five top military officers accused of rape . Two of the senior officers are being detained in the capital of Kinshasa and the three others must report to authorities under close observation . They are awaiting trial . Still more must be done , aid groups say , starting with the establishment of a special court made up of Congolese and international judges and prosecutors to investigate rape allegations . "  I think they 've got to start holding to account the generals and colonels who are either themselves responsible or who allow their troops to rape . And so far , those are the guys that have been untouchable , " said van Woudenberg . "  No general has yet been held to account in Congo for rape , and it 's high time that that changes . " Congo has taken some measures to try to curb the sexual violence . In 2006 , its parliament passed a law criminalizing rape , with penalties ranging from five to 20 years . Penalties are doubled under certain circumstances , including gang-rape and if the perpetrator is a public official . Kabila 's wife , Olive Lemba Kabila , has launched a public campaign speaking out against rapes of the nation 's women and girls . The army has also started a zero-tolerance campaign in which commanders have emphasized to troops that they must respect human rights and protect civilians from harm , according to the U.N. . The United Nations maintains in Congo its largest peacekeeping force anywhere in the world . But the forces have been ineffective at stopping rape . Jean-Marie Guehenno , the former head of U.N. peacekeeping , told Amanpour that the international forces face a serious problem : Too few troops assigned to the vast inaccessible reaches of eastern Congo . "  In the Kivu provinces , there are 10 million people , " Guehenno said . "  If one applied the counterinsurgency ratios that the U.S. Army thinks of -- say , 20 per 1,000 -- that would mean 200,000 troops in Congo -- 200,000 accountable troops . " "  The U.N. is in a tough spot , to be frank , because if it did not give any support to the Congolese army , probably the Congolese army might prey even more on the population , " Guehenno said . Part of the problem stems from the tactic applied by the Congolese government to quell previous armed rebellions against Kinshasa by incorporating insurgents into the ranks of the national army , leading to a military that paid scant attention to human rights , and the rights of women in particular . Watch how one community is coping "  What needs to be done is to have a state in Congo that can control its territory and that has the confidence of the people , " Guehenno said . "  The violence in the Kivu , the violence in Ituri , it is the result of a vacuum , the fact that there is no administration , there is no credible state , there is no justice . And so that vacuum is being occupied by various militias . "  And , unfortunately , when the Congolese army integrates a militia without sorting between the killers and those who could be integrated , it just adds to the problem . " Van Woudenberg called for international pressure to force the Congolese army to bring abusers to justice . "  My worst fear is that we 're going to continue to see those individuals responsible for rape being promoted . My hope is that the women and girls of -- of eastern Congo in particular -- will continue to speak out . I think we 've seen immense courage from those women and girls to say , ` No , we 've had enough . ' "	Human Rights Watch : 200,000 women , girls raped in Eastern Congo since 1998 Condition of women more dire as the army fights armed groups in the country More than 5 million die in Congo from disease , hunger resulting from fighting Congo has taken some measures to try to curb the sexual violence
CNN  -- A Louisiana teenager whose 2006 arrest in the racially charged "  Jena 6 " assault case drew thousands of protesters tried to commit suicide days after a separate arrest last week , a police report says . Mychal Bell was released in September 2007 and later agreed to a plea deal in the beating of a classmate . Mychal Bell , who was arrested last week after allegedly stealing clothes worth $ 370 from a department store , told investigators he shot himself Monday evening "  because he was tired of all the media attention , " the report says . The high school senior 's mother and his grandmother also told an investigator that he 'd indicated "  he did not feel like he could live anymore " because of media coverage of the shoplifting allegations , according to the report . Earlier , Bell 's attorney , Carol Powell-Lexing , told CNN that Bell 's family told her he 'd accidentally shot himself while cleaning a gun . According to the police report , however , an officer responded to a 911 call from his grandmother 's Monroe , Louisiana , home , where Bell lives . The grandmother , Rosie Simmons , told the officer that she had hidden the gun after the shooting "  for Mychal 's safety so he did not try to shot -LSB- sic -RSB- himself again , " according to the report . Bell , 18 , suffered a wound to the upper right chest , the report says . Powell-Lexing told CNN that Bell had surgery Monday night , and Monroe police Sgt. Cassandra Wooten said the wound was not life-threatening . Bell was being treated Tuesday at a hospital in Shreveport , Louisiana . In December 2006 , Bell was one of a half-dozen black teenagers who faced felony charges in the beating of a white classmate in the town of Jena , Louisiana , an incident that followed months of racial tensions in the community of about 3,000 people . The case of the "  Jena 6 " drew national attention from civil rights groups that said the charges were excessive , and an estimated 15,000-plus people turned out for a September 2007 rally in Jena on the youths ' behalf . Bell eventually pleaded guilty to battery in a juvenile court and later moved to Monroe , about 70 miles north of Jena . On Christmas Eve , Bell was arrested at the Pecanland Mall in Monroe and charged with shoplifting , simple battery and resisting arrest , Monroe Police Lt. Jeff Davis said Tuesday . Bell was released on $ 1,300 bond , and the case was assigned to city court . Watch CNN 's Sean Callebs report on the case " On Monday , Simmons and Bell 's mother , Melissa Bell , told investigators they heard a gunshot from the teenager 's room and found him on the bed , according to the police report . "  Rosie and M. Bell stated Mychal had made comments over the past two days that because of the current media attention he had because of a shoplifting arrest he did not feel like he could live anymore , " the police report says . Monroe police Lt. Jeff Harris said investigators do not know whose gun Bell used . Bell 's Christmas Eve arrest came after security guards at the shopping center were told Bell and a male friend were seen stuffing clothing into a bag in a menswear section of Dillard 's , according to the investigative report . Once spotted , the men split up , police said . Bell , chased by security guards , ran from the store to a parking lot , where he tried to hide under a car , Davis said . As a store security officer tried to pull Bell out , "  Bell swung his arms wildly " and hit the guard with his elbow , the report says . Davis said the guard was hit in the face . Bell admitted to the thefts , which police said included four shirts and a pair of jeans , Davis said . The merchandise was photographed by store security and returned to stock , he added . Bell was taken to jail and booked . Davis said the second man escaped . Powell-Lexing told CNN her client went to the mall with someone to return a shirt , for which he had a receipt . The person with Bell did the shoplifting , and Bell was caught in the middle , the attorney said . Powell-Lexing said Bell has been trying to stay out of trouble since the Jena arrest , and that he has been on the verge of getting a college football scholarship . Bell attends a Monroe high school , but has not been allowed to play high school football since his arrest in Jena , where he was a running back . In April , after his move to Monroe , Bell told CNN that he wanted to keep his life on the straight and narrow in part because of the support he received during the Jena case . "  I feel like -LSB- after -RSB- all the people came down and supported me -LSB- and -RSB- gave money to the defense fund , I feel like ... if I would do something now , I would let the whole country down , " he said . CNN 's Sean Callebs and CNN Radio 's Amanda Moyer contributed to this report .	Police report : Mychal Bell shot himself because he 's tired of media attention Bell was arrested last week on suspicion of shoplifting He is accused of stealing clothes worth $ 370 from a department store Bell was a defendant in the racially charged case in Louisiana
CNN  -- Fans of the character Easy Rawlins do n't want to hear it , but author Walter Mosley says he has officially moved on . Author Walter Mosley found fame with his Easy Rawlins mysteries and has debuted a new series . The prolific writer seemingly wrapped up his beloved series -- which spawned the 1995 film "  Devil in a Blue Dress " starring Denzel Washington -- in 2007 with the 10th Easy Rawlins mystery , "  Blonde Faith . " The ending saddened die-hard fans who had faithfully followed the adventures of the Los Angeles , California-based everyman-turned-private investigator whose stories played out in an era from the Jim Crow 1940s to the politically charged 1960s . Now Mosley , who has found success writing everything from erotica to science fiction , has launched a new mystery series with the release of his book "  The Long Fall "  Riverhead  . The book features an ex-boxer named Leonid Trotter McGill , the latest colorfully named Mosley character . Three of his previous books involved ex-convict Socrates Fortlow , and another trio concerned bookseller Paris Minton . But the new novel takes Mosley to a different place and time . Instead of mid-20th century Los Angeles , "  The Long Fall " is set in modern-day New York , where McGill is finding it hard to leave his less-than-stellar past behind . That past includes a childhood as a red-diaper baby abandoned by his union organizer father and left to fend for himself at an early age , a loveless marriage to an unfaithful woman named Katrina and a son who 's a burgeoning criminal mastermind . Moreover , he 's at work on a case where you just know people are going to die . Such page turners are nothing new for Mosley , who is known for his strong , black male characters and his passionate musings on race , politics and the writing life . McGill 's creator recently spoke with CNN about the new mystery novel , why he does n't miss Easy , and how the changes in the United States are mirrored in his writing . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Why leave Los Angeles for a setting in modern-day New York ? Walter Mosley : I have been a resident of both cities . The new series being contemporary and about a character who in some murky ways reflects where America is right now , New York seemed the right place for that . CNN : How so ? Where do you think America is right now ? Mosley : I think that America has made a decision , after about 20 years of going in one direction , to go in another direction : to leave rampant and amoral kind of deregulation and also rampant and immoral wars and say , "  Maybe we should be doing the right thing instead of the wrong thing , " or redefining what the right thing is , at any rate . Those kinds of decisions , there are only two places -LSB- the setting -RSB- can be , and that 's either in Washington , D.C. , which I feel is very limiting because it 's a one-business town , or New York , where everything from economics to government is centered . So I decided on New York . CNN : McGill is trying to leave behind his shady past . Do you feel like America is trying to do the same ? Mosley : Yes , I think that 's exactly what 's happening . I think America is trying to seek redemption after having done many things wrong in the eyes of the world in general . Leonid McGill is trying to seek redemption after a long criminal history . His history is somewhat forgivable , but still it 's criminal . CNN : Did you approach this book differently than you did when you were writing the Easy Rawlins mysteries ? Mosley : Yes and no . All books are different , so each of the Easy Rawlins books I wrote I approached differently . -LSB- Leonid -RSB- is a new character and he has a unique life that I had to begin to learn . I knew Easy very well , but Leonid I had to learn who he was . CNN : In your new book , I love that McGill 's wife 's name is "  Katrina " and she leaves lots of destruction in her wake . Mosley : -LSB- chuckling -RSB- It 's true , but the first story I wrote about Leonid -LSB- a story called "  Karma " published in the anthology "  Dangerous Women " -RSB- was before the hurricane and that was a long time ago . It 's funny that it worked out like that . CNN : What do you like about McGill ? Mosley : This is the first time in my experiments in crime fiction that I 've written a hard-boiled detective character . This is going all the way back to the beginning of the genre in the '30s , where you have a guy who gets thumped upside the head a lot and he 's just as bad as the people he 's after . In the old style , you never knew what was going on inside the hard-boiled character 's head , but in these stories I am actually discovering the underlying character of the hard-boiled detective , and for me that 's been a great deal of fun . CNN : You 've written so many various genres . What is it about the genre of crime fiction that appeals to you ? Mosley : Originally I got into it because you can talk about worlds that people would n't read about ordinarily unless they had a particular interest in it . Everybody reads crime fiction and they read it to find out about different worlds . I like writing in different genres . There 's all this stuff that I really enjoy doing because I think they all serve different purposes . And listen , I 'm known as a crime writer , people like it and I enjoy it . CNN : For your fans , a lot of them miss Easy Rawlins . Do you miss him at all ? Mosley : No , he 's right there on the shelf . All I have to do is reach up and pull him down . I 'm finished with that . I 'm moving on .	Writer Walter Mosley is best known for his Easy Rawlins mystery series His new book , "  The Long Fall , " introduces the character of Leonid McGill Unlike past books , the new novel is set in modern-day New York Mosley says he enjoyed first time writing a "  hard-boiled detective " novel
CNN  -- When a young mother named Marguerite Elisofon first contacted Dr. Stanley Greenspan , her baby daughter was interested in almost nothing . Samantha just stared into space . She was , said her mother , "  in a distant land . " Elisofon remembers thinking that maybe Greenspan "  could be our Magellan and give us a road map to follow with new and better games to help our daughter catch up and be like other toddlers . " Stanley Greenspan , child psychiatrist , spent 30 years exploring the emotional lives of children . The creator of an original approach to teaching and parenting children with autism died last Tuesday at the age of 68 . Greenspan called his method "  floor time . " The process , he said , begins by "  entering a child 's world ... and bringing the child into a shared world . " "  Then , " said Dr. Greenspan , "  we get cooking . " What Dr. Greenspan means by "  cooking " can be seen on this video . A mother and father are trying hard to connect with their 3-year-old son , Alex , to no avail . The fire is lit at one minute and 51 seconds into the video . Alex makes a sound . Not a word . Just a sound . "  Eeh . " From his vantage point -- on the floor of his office -- Stanley Greenspan seizes that "  Eeh " to steer Alex 's parents into their little boy 's world , in much the same way that he guided the Elisofons into Samantha 's world at the beginning of an 18-year journey that Samantha 's mother recalls . In an interview with CNN last summer , Greenspan was ailing and in pain . But his passion was intact . "  Each and every week when I see patients , I learn something new , " he said . Children were Greenspan 's teachers . Parents too . "  I still am amazed at gifted parents and what they teach me in my practice , " he said . One thing that makes his approach to autism , and parenting in general , so distinctive , is that he treated what appeared to be strange behaviors as windows of opportunity -- as new paths to distant lands . Watching Greenspan recount for CNN the story of an autistic boy he 'd seen a few days earlier reveals something beyond parenting though -- when you 're passionate about your work , you can be ailing and cooking at the same time .	Creator of an original approach to teaching children with autism died last Tuesday Stanley Greenspan spent 30 years exploring the emotional lives of children Greenspan treated strange behaviors as windows of opportunity
CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI canonized five new saints Sunday , including a 19th-century priest who worked with ostracized leprosy patients in Hawaii before contracting the disease himself and dying from it . Pope Benedict XVI canonized five new saints Sunday in a Mass at St. Peter 's Basilica in Vatican City . Jozef De Veuster , better known as Father Damien , was elevated to sainthood along with the four others in a solemn Mass that was moved indoors from St. Peter 's Square to the St. Peter 's Basilica in Vatican City because of an early morning thunderstorm . Thousands attended , including the woman whose cure from cancer was attributed to her praying to Damien . The church counts her cure as one of two miracles the priest performed -- a key requirement for sainthood . The others who were canonized Sunday are : -- Zygmunt Szczesny Felinski , a Polish bishop who kept championing Catholicism after Russia shut down Polish churches in retaliation for the Polish uprising against Russia in Warsaw in 1861 . -- Jeanne Jugan , a French nun who set up an order that runs homes for destitute around the world . -- Francisco Coll y Guitart , a Spaniard who founded an order of Dominicans in the 19th century . -- Rafael Arnaiz Baron , another Spaniard , who wrote extensively about spirituality before his death at age 27 . Damien was born in Belgium and went to Hawaii in the 1870s in place of his ill brother . At the time , the kingdom of Hawaii banished its leprosy patients to Kalaupapa , a 5-square-mile village on the island of Molokai . Because of the stigma attached to the disease , doctors refused to treat patients and society ostracized them . Damien volunteered to serve as pastor there , and did so for 16 years . He died at age 49 after contracting leprosy , which is now called Hansen 's disease . Today , Kalaupapa is a national park and home to 25 residents , there because of the disease . All of them are cured , but have chosen to stay because it is their life-long home . Hansen 's disease is a bacterial disease characterized by skin sores , nerve damage and gradual debilitation . Though it was once feared as highly contagious , it is not particularly transmissible and is easily treated with antibiotics . The Catholic Diocese of Honolulu had long sought canonization for Damien . Sainthood is bestowed only after a thorough examination of the person 's life and requires two documented miracles . In Damien 's case , the church considered the overnight healing 100 years ago of a French nun who was on her deathbed from an intestinal ailment . It also considered the case of Audrey Toguchi , a public school teacher , who fully recovered from liposarcoma in 1999 after she prayed to Damien , she said .	Five new saints canonized by Pope Benedict XVI Priest who worked in Hawaii leprosy colony among new saints Four others included French nun , Polish bishop , two Spaniards
CNN  -- After weeks of controversy over Michael Mukasey 's views on waterboarding , the Senate late Thursday approved the former judge 's nomination for attorney general by a 53-40 vote . Waterboarding threatened to derail the approval of President Bush 's nominee to lead the Justice Department . President Bush nominated Mukasey to replace longtime ally Alberto Gonzales , who resigned in September . The nomination had been considered at risk after a number of Democratic senators opposed Mukasey because of questions that arose from his views on the terror interrogation technique known as waterboarding and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance . Mukasey , a former federal judge in New York , told senators he considers waterboarding "  repugnant , " but he could not categorically say whether the technique amounts to torture , which U.S. and international law bans . Waterboarding is a technique that involves restraining a suspect and pouring water on him to produce the sensation of drowning . Mukasey 's confirmation was all but assured last week when two key Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee -- Sens. Dianne Feinstein of California and Chuck Schumer of New York -- said they would vote in favor of Mukasey despite the controversy . "  The Department of Justice , once the crown jewel among government institutions , is adrift and rudderless , " Schumer said Tuesday -- the same day the committee voted 11-8 to send Mukasey 's nomination to the Senate floor . "  It desperately needs a strong and independent leader at the helm to set it back on course and I believe Judge Mukasey is that person . " Schumer said that in a meeting Friday the nominee said that Congress would be within its rights to pass a law that bans waterboarding across all government agencies and that the president "  would have absolutely no legal authority to ignore " it . Schumer said he believed Mukasey would be more likely to find waterboarding illegal than an interim attorney general . "  Indeed , his written answers to our notices have demonstrated more openness to ending the practices we abhor than either of this president 's previous attorney general nominees have . " But Mukasey 's pledge to enforce such a law rang hollow with Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , the Judiciary Committee 's chairman . "  Some have sought to find comfort in Judge Mukasey 's personal assurance that he would enforce a future , new law against waterboarding if this Congress were to pass one , " Leahy said Tuesday . "  Unsaid , of course , is the fact that any such prohibition would have to be enacted over the veto of this president . " However , the committee 's ranking Republican , Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , said he believed Mukasey would enforce a law banning waterboarding . "  He could have said a lot of things which would have given me more assurances , " Specter said earlier . "  But he is intelligent ; he 's really learned in the law . He 's strong , ethical , honest beyond any question . He 's not an intimate of the president . " A majority of Americans consider waterboarding a form of torture , but some of those say it 's OK for the U.S. government to use the technique , according to a poll released Tuesday . Asked whether they think waterboarding is a form of torture , more than two-thirds of respondents , or 69 percent , said yes ; 29 percent said no . Asked whether they think the U.S. government should be allowed to use the procedure to try to get information from suspected terrorists , 58 percent said no ; 40 percent said yes . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. telephone poll of 1,024 American adults was carried out over the weekend and had a sampling error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points . E-mail to a friend	President Bush nominated Mukasey to replace Alberto Gonzales Mukasey is a former federal chief judge in New York Some Democratic senators opposed nominee due to views on waterboarding Human rights groups consider waterboarding a form of torture
Delhi  CNN  -- On Sunday , about 100,000 Indian spectators -- including a bevy of India 's top celebrities and corporate bigwigs -- will pack into a stadium to watch two teams go at each other with everything they 've got . No , it 's not cricket . It 's not even hockey . It 's football and the all-new , swish , Indian Super League . The 10-week tournament features mostly Indian players , but also a number of "  marquee " European soccer stars , admittedly out of their prime but still huge draws : former Juventus strikers Alessandro Del Piero and David Trezeguet , and former Arsenal attackers Robert Pires and Freddie Ljungberg . The stated aim of the league is to promote the beautiful game in India , a country of 1.2 billion people that has long languished in football 's global rankings -- 158th in the world on FIFA 's latest list . Similar to Major League Soccer  MLS  in the U.S. , eight franchise teams from across India will face off against each other twice each before heading to a set of play-offs in December . As a mandatory requirement , each team must consist of 14 Indian domestic players and four local players from the same state . The teams have entered alliances with several high profile European clubs including Atl  tico Madrid , Feyenoord , and Fiorentina . Ljungberg , a member of Arsenal 's famous 2004 "  Invincibles " squad is now the public face for Mumbai City FC . When CNN caught up with him in Mumbai , he said : "  I went to the U.S. to promote the game there , and it worked really well . I want do the same thing here . "  I feel like I can give something back to football , " says Ljungberg . However , competing with cricket as the numero uno sport will be an uphill challenge . India 's cricket craze India has always been a cricket-crazy nation . While the few football stadiums in the country remain empty , Indians rarely miss an opportunity to see their cricket team play , flocking in the tens of thousands to cheer the "  Men in Blue . " Their team has performed well in recent years , a major highlight being the 2011 World Cup triumph on home soil . The Indian team was also ranked number one in the world at one stage , at both Test cricket and One Day International cricket -- the sport 's two most popular versions . The country 's cricket governing body , the BCCI , is the richest and most influential in the sport , capitalizing on India 's appetite through multimillion-dollar sponsorship deals and broadcasting rights . Indian football , on the other hand , is its indigent cousin . India lacks even basic infrastructure for the sport to grow and prosper . There are only six stadiums that meet the current FIFA guidelines ; maintaining them to international standards has been a regular concern . The latest FIFA World Rankings places India at a humbling 158th place , eight down from the previous month . India is set to slip further after losing to Palestine last week . The national team has failed to qualify for the FIFA World Cup since 1950 and the last time it tasted success at an international sporting event was more than five decades ago , when it managed to beat South Korea to win the 1962 Asian Games . A football revival ? The Indian Super League aspires to become the premier football league in India , providing a platform to unearth domestic talent . The hope is that a cocktail of big corporate money , Bollywood 's glitz , and some of Europe 's former superstars will help local players further develop their skills , and boost interest . Indian broadcasters are betting on a big response . Sanjay Gupta , the chief operating officer of Star India , told CNN the games will be available on an unprecedented number of platforms . "  We are broadcasting the games in five different languages . Hindi and English is the norm . But for the first time , we 're also broadcasting in Bengali , Malayalam , and Kannada . " There are more than 80 million Bengali speakers in India , and more than 30 million each of Malayalam and Kannada . Ljungberg thinks the Super League can transform the sport in India . "  If I can help inspire the kids , then that 's the future of Indian football , " he said . As top European soccer clubs look to capture more fans in Asia , perhaps they will face competition for Indian viewers from an unexpected source : Indian clubs . Read more : While Indian football sleeps , its young hopefuls dream	Ten-week tournament features mostly Indian players , as well as some high-profile foreign stars Despite having a population of 1.2 billion , India 's national team is ranked 158th in the world Football is looking to compete with other sports like cricket But India lacks even basic infrastructure for the sport to grow and prosper
Bangkok  CNN  -- The head of the Thai army issued a stern warning Thursday to protesters to avoid violence or the military will take action . Political violence returned to the Thai capital as three anti-government protesters were killed by gunmen , hours before demonstrators hounded the interim Prime Minister from a meeting . "  If the situation turns more violent it could lead to riots , " Army chief Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha said in a national address . "  The Army will have to use military forces to resolve the situation for peace and order . " The attack occurred at about 2 a.m. local time Thursday when gunmen on a pickup truck opened fire on a protest camp near the site of Bangkok 's Democracy Monument , where protesters have been camped for months , said Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut , Thailand 's national security adviser to the Prime Minister . Bangkok 's Erawan Emergency Center reported that three people were killed in the attack and 23 injured . The fatally injured victims included a 21-year-old man , who was shot in the chest , and a 51-year-old man . Later that morning , anti-government protesters stormed the grounds of an Air Force office compound , forcing the country 's caretaker Prime Minister to flee a meeting with members of the Election Commission . Paradon said the protesters drove a truck through a gate to reach the front of an Air Force office complex , while new interim premier Niwatthamrong Boonsongpaisan and ministers were meeting in another part of the building . As a result of the disruption , the meeting was called off and the politicians left the venue , said Paradon . Air Force spokesman Air Vice Marshal Montol Sanchukorn told CNN that the protesters , who are seeking the government 's ouster , then demanded to "  inspect " the room to check that the Prime Minister was no longer inside . "  We allowed them in to see , and they said they would have a bit of a rest before they left , " he said . Some protesters remained to stage a sit-in at the complex . Thailand was rocked by rival mass political protests over the weekend , with pro- and anti-government supporters taking to the streets in their tens of thousands following fresh twists in the country 's protracted political crisis . Thai turmoil Caretaker Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra was removed from office along with nine cabinet ministers by a top court last Wednesday , and subsequently indicted by the country 's anti-graft body . If the country 's Senate votes to impeach her , she could be banned from politics for five years . WATCH : Acting Thai PM -- ` Government still in charge ' Protesters led by the People 's Democratic Reform Committee have been agitating against her government since November , calling for it to be replaced with an unelected interim government . Drawn mainly from Bangkok 's royalist , middle class establishment , the anti-government protesters have been seeking to rid Thai politics of the alleged influence of Yingluck 's brother , the former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra . Thaksin , a telecommunications tycoon , was overthrown in a 2006 military coup and has since lived in self-imposed exile to avoid a corruption conviction . His opponents claim he has continued to exert influence in Thai politics through his sister and other allies . The November protests that sparked the current crisis were triggered by the government 's botched attempt to pass an amnesty bill that would have cleared the way for his return to the political fold . The anti-government protesters are seeking a new government -- but not through elections , which the opposition Democrat Party has boycotted , arguing the alleged corruption of their political rivals makes widespread reform necessary before any meaningful vote can be held . ` Judicial coup ' ? Meanwhile the government 's "  red shirt " support base , many of whom hail from the country 's rural north and northeast , view Shinawatra 's ouster as a "  judicial coup " and have been protesting what they consider an unfair bias by many of the country 's institutions against their side . Yingluck , who was elected in a landslide at the polls in 2011 , is the third Thaksin-linked prime minister to be dismissed by the Constitutional Court , which also dissolved Thaksin 's Thai Rak Thai political party in 2007 . Analyst Paul Quaglia , director at PQA Associates , a Bangkok-based risk assessment firm , told CNN last week that Yingluck 's supporters saw her dismissal as a case of politically motivated judicial overreach . "  They consider it a way to usurp democratic elections , " he said , adding that the opposition was unlikely to win at the polls . "  The Democrat Party say ` No , we ca n't have elections , ' because they know they will lose those elections , " he said . READ MORE : Protesters descend on Thai capital seeking government 's ouster	NEW : Army chief warns that more violence could prompt military "  to resolve the situation " 3 people killed , 23 injured when gunmen open fire on anti-government protesters In separate incident , protesters stormed an office complex where PM was holding meeting Rival mass rallies took place in Bangkok over the weekend following a tumultuous week
CNN  One of the most common misconceptions about cancer is that it is one disease . Most people think of cancer as something that will automatically kill you if left alone , but there are so many variations of the disease that this is actually not a given . Every "  cancer " is different . Some aggressive cancers grow rapidly and can be quite serious , but some grow slowly or not at all and may be completely safe to live with . As physicians , we need to help change the way the medical community and general public think about cancer . And World Cancer Day , being marked Wednesday , is as good a day as any to start . To begin with , we need to be more precise . Science has taught us quite a bit about the disease in the last few decades , so a one-size-fits-all definition is no longer the right fit because there is n't just one type of cancer -- there are many . It 's like allergies ; we can easily understand that there is more than just one type of allergy . Allergies vary hugely in type and severity , and not everyone will lead to anaphylactic shock or a fatality . Some allergies cause no more than itchy eyes or a runny nose . The same principle is true of cancer . And because the term cancer is surrounded by connotations of panic and death , in the case of extremely low-risk lesions , we should reclassify them accordingly . The reality is that many of the low-risk lesions we call breast cancer would never come to our attention and never harm us if left alone . After more than a decade of screening and finding 50,000 to 60,000 women a year with pre-cancerous or low-risk lesions in the breast  which are frequently treated aggressively as if they are cancer  , you would expect that the incidence of invasive cancers would drop . But in fact , the frequency of invasive cancer occurrence has n't gone down . This highlights the need to know more about how specific cancers develop and progress so we can distinguish between them and label them properly . Proper labeling would provide us with a more precise method for evaluating individual lesions and allow us to offer our patients the least invasive and most effective treatment options . In 2009 , Dr. Ian Thompson and I were collaborating on an article for the peer-reviewed Journal of the American Medical Association , or JAMA . We were comparing screening approaches between breast and prostate cancers , and we really got to thinking about the need to reframe our approach to screening and rename these slow-growing tumors . When JAMA told us : "  OK , come up with a name -- you have 24 hours , " our solution was the term IDLE , which actually sounds like what it is intended to convey . The IDLE condition is an Indolent Lesion of Epithelial origin .  Epithelial is the type of cell that lines all the ducts in the body and is the cell of origin of many solid tumor types .  We intend the term to be used when a lesion does not pose an urgent threat , where observation over time is an acceptable alternative to an invasive procedure , and may in fact be the best course of action . We wanted a meaningful term that communicated a slow tempo and a lack of threat instead of some empty acronym or complicated jargon . IDLE does that . It 's a common word that gives people a sense of comfort with the idea of watching and then only intervening if there is a change . If a lesion does n't grow , it can be left alone . There is plenty of time to get more information . If it does grow , it can be treated at that time , without risking the patient 's health . This is the direction that breast care is heading . Over the last couple of years , the concept has been the subject of many articles such as a Wall Street Journal piece by health writer Melinda Beck . Moreover , the National Cancer Institute recently put out a request calling for proposals to identify and define the IDLE condition and study its underlying biology as well as how to treat it differently . It is an exciting time for cancer research , with the possibility of dramatically improving the way we provide breast care specifically and treat cancer generally . A 51-year-old patient of mine recently had a lesion detected on a mammogram , which then resulted in a biopsy . Hearing the word cancer right off the bat put her in an immediate state of panic . Her diagnosis was ductal carcinoma in situ , or DCIS , which was low grade and low risk . DCIS is not cancer , and would only cause harm if it progresses , yet because the word "  carcinoma " is used in the label , it often creates panic . To sit across from my patient and see her in a state of complete misery and anxiety once again brought into focus so clearly why it is important to be able to distinguish the variation in this disease . Why should she have to suffer the emotional trauma of thinking she has a fatal disease if that is most likely not the case ? Why should she be subjected to invasive procedures unnecessarily ? It is heartbreaking to see a woman -- and I have seen it many times -- go through this turmoil when the ability to ease her worries , without compromising her health , could be in our grasp . It is time to redefine the word cancer . The old label is imprecise and engenders needless fear . It can prompt unnecessary treatment , surgery and hospitalization , not to mention the extreme emotional and physical stress that all too often accompanies a breast cancer diagnosis . Medical science has given us marvelous tools for understanding and treating breast cancer , something that can , of course , absolutely be a serious and potentially life-threatening disease . But not all cancers pose the same threat . We need to apply today 's advanced understanding of the biology of cancer to our medical practice in ways that benefit our patients and reflect the more precise knowledge we have at our disposal . This is the true essence of personalized or precision medicine . Participating in clinical trials or registries that allow clinicians to adopt less aggressive approaches to in situ or specific types of invasive cancers is one of the best ways to accomplish this . Clinical trials or registries allow women to participate today in what the standard of care will be tomorrow ; they make it possible for us to test and document what we learn so that knowledge can inform the future -- and help us differentiate IDLE threats .	Wednesday marks World Cancer Day Laura Esserman : Old label for cancer is imprecise and engenders needless fear She says proper labeling would offer patients least invasive , most effective treatment options
CNN  -- Scotland 's Paul Lawrie carded a final round seven-under-par 65 on Sunday to win the Qatar Masters by four strokes , his second victory in the tournament . The 43-year-old -- who also won in Doha in 1999 , the year he went on the lift the British Open -- recorded a 15-under-par aggregate of 201 , clear of Australian Jason Day and Sweden 's Peter Hanson , in an event reduced to 54 holes because of high winds . Holding a one-shot lead after Saturday 's second round , Lawrie produced a bogey-free 18 holes , with a brilliant eagle on the par-five ninth the highlight of his round . Day matched Lawrie 's 65 , and briefly threatened after opening with four successive birdies , but two dropped shots soon afterwards halted his charge . Meanwhile , Hanson posted a 67 to follow up consecutive 69s to ensure he shared second place . "  I do n't think I can play much better than that , " Lawrie told the official European Tour website . "  I 've been playing well for a long , long time , but it 's just nice to come out one ahead and shoot seven - under-par . "  When you 've got a chance to win a tournament you do n't sleep as well the night before and things go racing through your mind , " he added . "  You 've got to get back to basics and I did that . I hit some nice shots coming in . " John Daly matched his opening 67 to finish alone in fourth place , six shots off the leader , while Sergio Garcia was one of four players who finished a further shot behind .	Scotland 's Paul Lawrie claims a four-stroke victory in the Qatar Masters It is Lawrie 's second win in the tournament following his success in 1999 Jason Day and Peter Hanson share second place with John Daly back in fourth
CNN  -- Journalist Mary Thom , a prominent feminist who was an editor of Ms. magazine in its early years , has died . She was 68 . Thom was killed Friday when she crashed her motorcycle on a highway in Yonkers , New York . She helped found Ms. , an influential feminist magazine , and served as an editor there for 20 years . After leaving in 1992 , she worked as editor in chief of the features section of the non-profit Women 's Media Center , which works to raise women 's visibility in the media . "  Mary was and will always be our moral compass and steady heart , " said the center 's co-founders Robin Morgan , Gloria Steinem and Jane Fonda in a statement . "  Wherever her friends and colleagues gather , we will always ask the guiding question : What would Mary do ? " Thom had picked up her 1996 Honda Magna 750 from winter storage when she veered into traffic upon entering a highway in Yonkers , north of New York City . She struck a vehicle and was struck by another , according to her nephew Thom Loubet . The nephew 's account was conveyed to CNN by Women 's Media Center spokeswoman Cristal Chancellor . The Westchester County police said it could not make the incident report available until later Sunday . Born in Akron , Ohio , Thom spent all but 20 years of her life in Manhattan . As a result , her interests straddled the two . She was an avid fan of comedian Jon Stewart , and she rooted for the Cleveland Indians . In addition to her work with the magazine and the Women 's Media Center , she consulted for several nonprofit women 's organizations , including the National Council for Research on Women . Among the books she authored was one on the history of Ms. Among those she edited was a history of feminist leader Bella Abzug . "  In Mary Thom 's accidental death , Ms. , the Women 's Media Center and U.S. journalism suffer a huge loss , " Morgan of the Women 's Media Center said in a statement . "  And I grieve for a wry , ethical friend . " Thom leaves behind her nephew , her sister Susan Thom Loubet , her niece-in-law Mariko Silver , and her grand-niece Kumi Silver Loubet . "  She was the source of our joy and our edits , " the family said in a statement . "  She charged through life with a generous and compassionate strength and wisdom , and that is how we will forever remember her . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	She had just picked up her motorcycle from winter storage She was an avid fan of Jon Stewart and the Cleveland Indians She worked at Ms. for 20 years In later years , she was an editor at Women 's Media Center
CNN  -- Carnival Cruise Lines will fly all passengers on one of its cruises back to Florida after the ship suffered a generator failure while docked in the Caribbean . The experience on the Carnival Dream became something of a nightmare for some passengers Wednesday when power went off , some toilets stopped working , and no one was allowed to get off the vessel even though the ship was docked at Philipsburg , St. Maarten , in the eastern Caribbean . Although power had been restored and facilities were functioning again , the ship still could n't leave port . Cruise passengers received a letter from the captain , according to a passenger who e-mailed a photo of the correspondence to CNN . Captain Massimo Marino told passengers they will be booked on flights to Orlando or another destination . Passengers with cars at Port Canaveral will be bused from Orlando to the facility about an hour away . The letter also offers passengers a three-day refund and a half-price cruise in the future . The captain said passengers could "  enjoy another day in beautiful St. Maarten " or stay onboard for a "  full schedule " of activities . "  We sincerely apologize for the disappointment this unexpected change has caused and regret we were unable to provide you with the fun and memorable cruise vacation we had in store for you , " he wrote . In a written statement , Carnival said the ship 's emergency diesel generator failed . The ship 's next voyage was canceled , the cruise line said . Carnival spokesman Vance Gulliksen said Thursday that 4,300 guests were aboard the Dream along with about 1,300 crew members . Carnival 's website puts the ship 's capacity at 3,646 passengers , but that 's based on only two people per cabin , and some cabins hold more , Gulliksen explained . There are also three - and four-person cabins aboard . Kris Anderson , a passenger on the ship and reporter for CNN affiliate WREG , said Thursday that passengers have been told they will be allowed off the ship to enjoy the island while flight arrangements are made . On Tuesday , Carnival announced it was conducting "  a comprehensive review " of all of its 23 ships after a fire last month that crippled one of its ships in the Gulf of Mexico , leaving passengers stranded for days while the vessel was towed back to land . Carnival President and CEO Gerry Cahill said the probe will focus on the prevention , detection and suppression of fires , engine room redundancies , and what additional hotel facilities might be provided and might run off the emergency generators . His comments , posted on Carnival 's website , were made at an annual cruise industry conference in Miami . ` Human waste all over the floor ' After the problems began Wednesday , CNN was contacted by passengers describing the conditions . Gregg Stark , who is traveling with his wife and two young children , told CNN : "  There 's human waste all over the floor in some of the bathrooms and they 're overflowing -- and in the state rooms . The elevators have not been working . They 've been turning them on and off , on and off . " An announcement over the ship 's public address system said the crew was trying to fix the problem and was working on the generators , according to Stark . A few hours later , another announcement was made , saying the problem was worse than originally believed . "  We are not allowed off of the boat despite the fact that we have no way to use the restrooms onboard , " Jonathan Evans of Reidsville , North Carolina , said in an e-mail early Thursday . "  The cruise director is giving passengers very limited information and tons of empty promises . What was supposed to take an hour has turned into 7-plus hours . " But Thursday afternoon , Carnival told CNN that based on conversations with the ship 's management team , a look at service logs "  and extensive physical monitoring of all public areas , including restrooms , throughout the night , we can confirm that only one public restroom was taken offline for cleaning based on toilet overflow and there was a total of one request for cleaning of a guest cabin bathroom . "  Aside from that there have no reports of issues on board with overflowing toilets or sewage . The toilet system had periodic interruptions yesterday evening and was fully restored at approximately 12:30 a.m. this morning . " Five things we 've learned about cruising The Coast Guard was notified by Carnival that the Dream was experiencing generator issues . Carnival has not requested assistance from the Coast Guard , which has no jurisdiction in the ship 's current location , Coast Guard Petty Officer Jon-Paul Rios told CNN . U.S. Coast Guard Chief Petty Officer Ryan Doss said Carnival 's original decision to keep passengers onboard was "  for accountability purposes . The last thing we want to do is have someone get left behind in St. Maarten by accident . " The Dream , based in Port Canaveral , Florida , was on a seven-day cruise . The ship , which is 1,000 feet long -- about the length of three football fields -- sailed from Port Canaveral on Saturday . It was scheduled to leave St. Maarten around 5 p.m. ET Wednesday . After a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ? Lessons from the Triumph Last month , an engine room fire left the Carnival Triumph crippled and adrift in the Gulf of Mexico with more than 4,200 people aboard . That scheduled four-day cruise stretched into eight days as tugs pulled the vessel into port in Alabama . Food was scarce , and passengers sweltered in the heat with no air conditioning . People aboard also reported overflowing toilets and human waste running down the walls in some parts of the ship . A class action lawsuit was filed against Carnival Corporation in the aftermath . Crippled cruise ship returns ; passengers happy to be back The Triumph is still undergoing repair at a shipyard in Mobile , Alabama , Carnival spokeswoman Joyce Oliva told CNN Thursday . "  We are now focused on the lessons we can learn from the incident and also what additional operational redundancies might be available , " Cahill said at the cruise industry conference this week . Another ship , the Carnival Splendor , had a fire in 2010 due to "  a catastrophic failure of a diesel generator , " Cahill noted . Sen. Jay Rockefeller , the chairman of the Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee , sent a letter Wednesday to Micky Arison , the chief executive officer of Carnival Corporation . "  The Coast Guard has responded to a string of 90 marine casualty incidents with passengers onboard Carnival ships in the last five years , " the West Virginia Democrat wrote . "  It seems that Carnival has failed to take any meaningful course of corrective action after these continual incidents . This needs to change . " Rockefeller said the cost to the taxpayers for the Carnival Triumph incident was almost $ 780,000 . Cahill said last week that the comprehensive review of the fleet "  is our highest priority . " He also emphasized that the vast majority of the time , cruises experience no such problems . Anderson said when he booked the cruise tickets for his family , some friends ribbed him about choosing Carnival , given what had happened with the Triumph . "  I said , ` What are the odds of it happening to two ships in such a short period of time ? ' " he told CNN Thursday . "  Look what happened now . " How Carnival can clean up the PR mess CNN 's Chuck Johnston , Tina Burnside and Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	NEW : Passengers get letter from captain apologizing , explaining plans to fly people home NEW : Senator questions Carnival 's improvement plans in letter to corporation CEO The ship 's emergency generator failed while docked at Philipsburg , St. Maarten "  There 's human waste all over the floor , " one passenger says
CNN  -- The gap between Formula One 's haves and have nots appears never to have been wider . While all-conquering Mercedes prepares for the title showdown in Abu Dhabi , a cash-strapped team at the back of the grid has been forced to ask for donations from F1 fans to fund its participation in the final race of the season . Caterham , like fellow minnow Marussia , has gone into administration and has missed the last two races in the United States and Brazil . Desperate to compete in the 2014 season finale , the team launched #RefuelCaterhamF1 with the express intention of raising # 2.35 million  $ 3.76 m  -- and set a self-imposed deadline of Friday , November 14 to achieve the target . Caterham is using a method called "  crowdfunding , " where individuals or companies making a pledge are incentivized , depending on the amount promised . The Caterham team 's administrators turned to one of the market leaders in this specialized area , Crowdcube , to run the appeal with fans directed to its website to see what is on offer . About $ 5 dollars will get a funder a badge or T shirt . More expensive items would include a front wing from a 2013 car , with the highest prices reserved for individuals or companies wishing to have their name or logo emblazoned on the team 's cars . The approach has provoked a debate within F1 as to its merits -- with the sport 's commercial supremo Bernie Ecclestone being typically blunt in his assessment . "  I think it 's a disaster , " he told reporters at last weekend 's Brazilian Grand Prix . Luke Lang , the co-founder of Crowdcube , flatly rejected that criticism . "  I think that 's a disappointing statement , " he told CNN . "  Caterham has worked tremendously hard to compete in F1 and some of the goalposts have moved slightly over the last for or five years to make it even more difficult . "  I think comments like that are not particularly helpful . " What is not in doubt is the appeal for cash has proved successful with over # 1 million  $ 1.6 m  raised in the first two days of the appeal and the halfway target reached by Tuesday . Items such as the front wings or team overalls were proving particularly popular with donors . It was Finbarr O'Connell , the Caterham administrator and for now its team principal , who came up with the idea , and like Lang is unapologetic about the approach . "  There are 200 people in the  Caterham  factory who were not paid for October and they deserve as much support as they can get , " he told CNN . "  He  Ecclestone  has now had races where two teams were n't there and three others were hinting at boycotts , so that 's not good for him . " O'Connell believes that getting Caterham to the start line in Abu Dhabi -- where there will be "  huge interest " in seeing which of the Mercedes pair of Lewis Hamilton or Nico Rosberg takes the F1 title -- will help him firm up the interest shown by potential buyers of the team . "  We are not talking about crowdfunding a team , we are talking about a single stepping stone to showcase it to investors in a race setting . "  This is a sharp injection in the arm to cure an immediate financial crisis but they will only survive if a new purchaser comes forward , " he added . Lang said this "  one-off " approach was new ground for his company as well . "  It 's a deviation from our usual business model where investors get equity shares or an interest payment in return for their investment , " he said . "  But it was an opportunity we could not set aside because Caterham is such an iconic British brand and we are doing what we can to help out . " Caterham is not even the first team with links to F1 to use crowdfunding to fund its activities . The iconic former Brabham team has raised over $ 400,000 by this method as it attempts to return to the grid after a 20-year absence . O'Connell is increasingly confident they will reach their ambitious target and line up on the grid on Sunday week . "  Interest all over the world is growing exponentially , a mixture of enthusiasts who want to buy expensive things and even non sports fans with sympathy for our cause , " he said . "  People like Renault  Caterham 's engine supplier  and Total Oil have also been incredibly supportive . " After the initial flurry of interest , donations slowed a little ahead of Friday 's deadline , but according to Lang this is a familiar pattern . "  There tends to be a real burst of activity , then a slight plateau in the middle , followed by a resurgence of interest as the deadline nears . "  There are over a quarter of a million views on the page and I am really confident they are going to reach their target . " That will mean good news for Caterham 's Japanese driver Kamui Kobayashi , who has still to find a seat for the 2015 season . His Swedish teammate Marcus Ericsson has been signed by Sauber off the back of a big personal sponsorship package . Exactly how many cars will be on the grid in Abu Dhabi also remains an open question . O'Connell 's firm Smith and Williamson is a key player in the UK restructuring business and he told CNN that his own sources within the industry were talking up a rescue bid for Marussia . Reeling from the horrific crash which has left its star driver Jules Bianchi in a critical but stable condition in a Japanese hospital , the Anglo-Russian team was dealt a further blow when its administrator announced last Friday that it had folded . "  The finality of that statement surprised me , " said O'Connell . "  I still think there could be more positive news for Marussia ahead of the Abu Dhabi race , " he added . The two points gained by Bianchi for a superb ninth placed finish in the Monaco Grand Prix left Marussia in ninth spot in the constructors ' standings . It would leave them set for a $ 50 million payout under F1 's complicated rewards structure , having pipped Caterham for the vital 10th spot in the championship in 2013 . By contrast , Mercedes will be set for a near $ 100 million payout in prize money for claiming top spot after a dominant season . But their operating budget , like those of other top teams such as Red Bull and Ferrari , is in excess of $ 300 million , dwarfing that of teams such as Caterham and Marussia . They will surely never have to resort to what Ecclestone labeled the "  begging bowl " employed by Caterham , but O'Connell has no regrets as he battles to save the team . He came up with the idea of using crowdfunding while cycling up the steep Highgate Hill in London on his way home , in some way symbolizing the uphill struggles of Caterham since it entered F1 in 2010 . "  It 's such an interesting proposition , the belief that a team could be reconstituted by fan power , " he said .	Cash strapped Caterham appeals to F1 fans to fund its team Has set target of # 2.35 m  # 3.76 m  to participate in final race of season Minnows Caterham and Marussia have gone into administration F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone criticizes Caterham 's approach
CNN  -- We found him in the foggy mountains of central Chile , near the town of Aguila Sur , conducting a ritual at dusk with two assistants . Dr. Milton Flores , 58 , is not the leader of a religious sect or underground cult . He 's a psychiatrist who 's unusual in many respects . But in this South American country , it 's his crusade to legalize marijuana that has earned him notoriety . When asked to describe marijuana , he says it 's "  a tool and a medicine . " Flores has used cannabis for years to treat patients with different conditions , including depression and anxiety . He also admits he has smoked pot since he was 14 . Flores is Chile 's main advocate for the legalization of marijuana and similar drugs including peyote , ayahuasca and San Pedro . Flores and other experts call these drugs entheogens . They 're all psychoactive plants that were used in Latin America by shamans and healers in religious ceremonies well before the arrival of European conquerors in the 16th century . Flores ' main contention with these drugs ' illegal status is that the state gains nothing by criminalizing individuals who use them for medicinal or spiritual purposes the way he does . "  Cannabis is neither good nor bad , " he says . "  Its use can be appropriate or inappropriate . It 's a tool that can have very significant effects . " Throughout his career , the psychiatrist has spoken publicly about his position regarding these drugs . He 's gone to great lengths to make his point . His property has been raided twice by Chilean authorities . In March , police confiscated several marijuana plants at his mountain retreat . His case went all the way up to the Chilean Supreme Court , but it was dismissed on a technicality . More recently , Flores was found guilty of growing 116 plants of marijuana on his property in Aguila Sur ; he was sentenced last week to 541 days , or more than 18 months , of probation . "  There 's no willingness to hear the pleas of a citizen who decides to exercise his freedom of conscience and his freedom to grow what is sacred to care for his life , " Flores told CNN . "  This to me is the most serious violation that has become evident -LSB- by this ruling -RSB- . " Not surprisingly , Flores has a significant number of fans among young Chileans , including Oscar Bustamante , a 27-year-old student at the University of Chile in Santiago . "  Consuming marijuana , whatever the reason , is totally and absolutely a personal choice and should not be banned as long as the individual does n't harm anybody else , " Bustamante says . Some Chilean politicians are sympathetic to Flores ' cause . A few years ago , a government minister acknowledged he smoked marijuana . Some senators and representatives followed suit . And even though smoking marijuana no longer has the stigma it once had , and smoking it is rarely prosecuted , the country still bans the production , sale , distribution and large-scale possession of marijuana . The Chilean government is getting pressure from two sides . Unintentional marijuana exposures up in Colorado kids On the one hand , countries such as the United States and Colombia favor a tough , law-enforcement approach on drugs . On the other hand , liberal politicians advocate making a distinction between public health and national security when it comes to dealing with drugs . It 's a debate that leaders in the United States and other South American countries know well . Uruguayan legislators have been arguing for nearly a year over a bill that would legalize marijuana . The bill would give the Uruguayan government the power to regulate the production , sale and distribution of marijuana . Leftist President Jose Mujica is said to favor the legislation . Former Latin American presidents Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil , Cesar Gaviria of Colombia and Vicente Fox of Mexico have all publicly spoken in favor of legalizing not only marijuana , but several other drugs . The war on drugs , Fox told CNN in November , "  costs a lot of money . It costs a lot of lives and blood ; it costs a lot of foreign investment lost , a lot of tourism that we have lost in Mexico . " Its effectiveness , the former president says , is questionable at best and countries should take a public health approach to the drug problem . Patricio Navia , a Chilean-born professor of liberal studies at New York University , says a growing number of legislators in his country favor the idea of decriminalizing marijuana so law enforcement can concentrate efforts on more addictive drugs such as crack . "  The drug problem in Chile has to do with crack , " Navia says . "  Among the low-income population , crack is the biggest problem that 's associated with crime . People who smoke marijuana do n't go and assault other people in order to get more money to keep on smoking marijuana . " Flores ' biggest fan is , perhaps , his own daughter . Carola Flores-Fernandez , a 33-year-old anthropology doctoral student at the University of California-Santa Barbara , says her father 's crusade has opened an important national debate on drugs -- a topic that used to be taboo . "  I 'm very proud , and I think it 's something that is slowly changing the perspective of many people in different levels in this country , " Flores-Fernandez says . Back at his mountain retreat near Aguila Sur , Flores says he 's no longer growing marijuana , although he keeps small plants of San Pedro and ayahuasca . His hope is that his crusade will allow him to grow and consume these drugs without fear in the near future . Scheme to reel in pot at county jail hits a snag	Dr. Milton Flores has gained notoriety in Chile for his crusade to legalize marijuana Flores was recently convicted of growing 116 plants of marijuana on his property Some Chilean politicians are sympathetic to Flores ' cause Others favor a tough law-enforcement approach on drugs
He was simply "  The Man . " Stanley Frank Musial made a name for himself as one of baseball 's best hitters of all time on the field , as well as one of its greatest , most dignified ambassadors off it . And now "  Stan the Man " is gone . Musial died at his Ladue , Missouri , home surrounded by family , the Cardinals said in a statement . According to a post on his Twitter page , which is maintained by his grandson Brian Musial Schwarze , Musial died at 5:45 p.m.  6:45 p.m. ET  Saturday of natural causes . He was 92 . "  We have lost the most beloved member of the Cardinals family , " said William DeWitt Jr. , the club 's chairman . "  Stan Musial was the greatest player in Cardinals history and one of the best players in the history of baseball . " The Pennsylvania-born Musial transitioned from a lackluster pitcher to a stellar slugging outfielder , according to his biography on the National Baseball Hall of Fame 's website . The left-hander had a batting average above .300 17 times during his 22-year career -- all played with St. Louis -- and earned three National League Most Valuable Player awards as well as three World Series titles . The only blip came in 1945 , in the thick of World War II , when he left baseball to join the U.S. Navy . After the 1963 season , Musial retired with a .331 career batting average and as the National League 's career leader in RBI , games played , runs scored , hits and doubles . He has since been surpassed in some of those categories , but he still ranks fourth in baseball history in total hits , behind only Pete Rose , Ty Cobb and Hank Aaron . Hall of Fame manager Earl Weaver dead He also stood out for his grace and sportsmanship -- having never been ejected once by an umpire . In his retirement ceremony , then-Major League Commissioner Ford Frick referred to Musial as "  baseball 's perfect warrior , baseball 's perfect knight . " In 1969 , Musial was elected on his first try into the Hall of Fame , calling it "  the greatest honor of the many that have been bestowed upon me . " During and after his playing career , Musial developed a special relationship with the St. Louis fan base , who knew him simply as "  Stan the Man . " A bronze statue of him stands outside Busch Stadium , which is located in Musial Plaza along Stan Musial Drive . He continued with the organization for more than 25 years after his playing days ended , serving as vice president and general manager . And Musial was active in the community , contributing to causes such as the USO , the Senior Olympics , the Boy Scouts and Covenant House . "  I have no hesitation to say that St. Louis is a great place in which to live and work , " he said in his Hall of Fame induction speech . "  We love St. Louis . " His fans returned the favor , revering him for his play as well as his character and commitment to the area . "  Cardinal Nation will never be the same . Rest in peace Stan ` The Man ' Musial , the best Cardinal there ever was , " wrote one woman , by the name of Elise , on Twitter . Musial also stood tall outside eastern Missouri . He served between 1964 and 1967 as chairman of the President 's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports . In 2011 , President Barack Obama bestowed upon him the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation 's highest civilian honor . "  Stan matched his hustle with humility , " Obama said then . "  Stan remains , to this day , an icon , untarnished ; a beloved pillar of the community ; a gentleman you 'd want your kids to emulate . " Lillian , Musial 's wife of 71 years , died last May -- a longlasting marriage that some people , online , called as admirable as anything that happened on the diamond . Stan Musial 's passing spurred an outpouring of condolences and praise . Commissioner Bud Selig described him as "  a Hall of Famer in every sense " and "  a true gentleman , " former pitcher Curt Schilling called his life "  a clinic in respect , integrity and honor , " and current Cardinal Matt Holliday said it was "  an honor to the same uniform . " The messages from fans were no less heartfelt . Wrote Jason Lukehart , on Twitter : "  In a week that 's shown the dangers deifying athletes , Stan Musial 's death reminds me that once in a great while , there 's a man worthy of it . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Musial played 22 years in the Major League , all with the St. Louis Cardinals He retired in 1963 as , statistically , one of the best hitters in baseball history He died Saturday evening of natural causes , his grandson says Baseball commissioner , players , fans recall Musial as a great athlete and man
