Three European nations were notified about concerns over horse meat as early as a year ago , the United Kingdom 's food safety agency said Sunday . The alerts -- sent last year on February 1 , February 15 and March 7 -- identified Denmark , Hungary and Italy as countries that should investigate concerns about horse meat . There were posted by the EU 's Rapid Alert System for Food and Feed portal . The UK Food Standards Agency said through a spokeswoman the alerts were just a few of many and the meat never entered the UK . "  These were three of several thousand such alerts circulated across Europe each year . These were followed up by the countries identified in the alert , " Amy Cope said in an e-mail . She said the alerts involved horse meat substitution , but officials in one of the affected countries said at least one was for questions over one horse 's "  passport . " Danish authorities sent out one alert after there were "  uncertainties " regarding a slaughtered horse 's paperwork , an official for the Danish Veterinary and Food Administration told CNN . The horse meat was sent from Denmark to Italy and officials sent out the alert to let Italian authorities know about their concerns about the paperwork , not the meat itself , Kim Sigsgaard said . Danish officials had no information on what happened with the horse after the alert was sent . A spokeswoman for the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs in the UK said the issues of possible falsified horse paperwork and the issue of horse meat substitution are unrelated . February 2012 is six months before what had been thought to be the earliest possible time frame where horse meat had been discovered in products labeled as 100 % beef . Swedish frozen food giant Findus had said that one of its suppliers told it contamination may date back to August . Consumers are concerned that as food producers try to keep costs low , the safety of what they eat could be compromised . The managing director of Waitrose , a grocery story chain in the UK , said in an editorial published in The Telegraph that meat -- indeed , all food -- is no longer a cheap commodity . "  If something good comes of the current scandal , I hope it is the opening up of a debate around the true economics of food and a determination on the part of everybody in the food industry to apply renewed rigour to their processes and testing regimes to ensure that customers can relax and enjoy the food they buy , " Mark Price wrote . The scandal spread Friday , as UK authorities revealed the results of DNA testing on beef products and raided the premises of three more UK food firms . Of 2,501 tests carried out on beef products across the industry by noon Friday , 2,472 found no horse meat content above 1 % , the Food Standards Agency said . The 29 positive tests involved seven products sold by five suppliers , according to the independent government agency . Another 962 tests are still under way , the agency said at a news conference . Fifteen of the positive tests were for the lasagna products sold by Findus that first triggered the current horse meat buzz in early February . The others concerned beef products sold by supermarket chains Tesco , Aldi and The Co-operative , and burgers made by catering supplier Rangeland . Tesco and Aldi issued statements saying they are boosting testing on meat products to protect customers , restore confidence and ensure product quality . Jim Smith , group technical director for Tesco , said the company will "  no longer work with the suppliers who fell below our very high standards . " The Food Standards Agency declined to give details of the names or location of the three food premises raided Friday . Investigations are ongoing , but authorities can not rule out the possibility of arrests , it said . Authorities across Europe have been scrambling to get a grip on the crisis over rogue horse meat in beef products . The European Union intends to begin testing meat across all 27 member states , it confirmed Friday . It called for testing 10 to 150 samples per country and at least five tests per country for the presence of the drug phenylbutazone , also known as bute , which is approved for horses but is not allowed to enter the food chain because it can be harmful to humans . Unauthorized horse meat has been discovered in a variety of products labeled as beef that were sold in supermarkets in countries including Britain , France , Sweden , Switzerland , Germany and Ireland . The meat industry was first thrust into the spotlight last month when Irish investigators found horse and pig DNA in hamburger products . The discovery of pig DNA in beef products is of particular concern to Jews and Muslims , whose dietary laws forbid the consumption of pork products . Jewish dietary laws also ban the eating of horse meat .	Denmark , Hungary , Italy notified last year about possible issues Danish officials said they were concerned about paper trail surrounding one horse The discovery of horse meat in beef products has put Europe 's meat industry in disarray Irish investigators found horse and pig DNA in hamburger products in January
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- A 3-month-old girl born to an Indian surrogate mother has flown to Japan to join her biological father after spending the first months of her life in legal limbo . Baby Manjhi and her grandmother flew to Osaka , Japan , from the Indian capital , New Delhi , Saturday night , said family friend , Kamal Vijay Vargiya . While some countries have banned surrogacy as a money-making venture , it has been legal in India since 2002 . Under the practice , infertile couples are matched with local women to carry babies for $ 12,000 to $ 30,000 . Baby Manjhi was conceived when a Japanese couple paid a clinic in India to have the husband 's sperm and an anonymous donor 's egg implanted in the womb of an Indian surrogate . The plan worked . But a few months before Manjhi was born , the couple divorced . The intended Japanese mother decided she did not want the baby . Manjhi was born on July 25 . Her father , Ikufumi Yamada , and grandmother traveled from Japan to pick her up and take her to her new home . But Indian law stipulates that a mother must be present in order for a baby to receive a passport . In this case , neither the birth mother nor the mother who had originally sought the child wanted to be involved . Manjhi 's father looked into a legal adoption , but Indian law does not allow single men to adopt . The case garnered international headlines . Eventually , Manjhi was issued a birth certificate with just her father 's name on it . And on Saturday , she left for Osaka to be reunited with him . "  This is for the first time in 28 years in Jaipur that somebody  in such a situation  has been issued travel documents by Indian authorities . And this became possible mainly because of media , " said Sanjay Arya , the doctor who treated Manjhi at a Jaipur hospital . -- CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report	Surrogacy has been legal in India since 2002 Some countries have banned the practice as a money-making venture A few months before Manjhi was born , the couple divorced The intended Japanese mother decided she did not want the baby
CNN  -- Ted Cruz 's excellent birther adventure has been a moment of absurdity , irony and comeuppance , for him and for many in his party . Cruz , the freshman GOP senator from Texas and a tea party darling , has made a name for himself as an incendiary obstructionist in the usually genteel Senate . He may run for president in 2016 . Which means , under the Constitution , that he has to be a "  natural-born citizen . " He is indeed a natural-born citizen -- of Canada . Born in Calgary to an American mother , Cruz learned that he has unwittingly held Canadian citizenship all his life . What was in doubt , thanks to a few birthers from the right and some mischievous eggers-on from the other side , was whether he could also claim American citizenship by birth . It turns out he can , given his mother 's status . Initially , Cruz issued affronted denials that he was anything but American . Then , upon discovering that he was "  technically " also Canadian , he scrambled to disavow and formally renounce any tie to his native land -- even though dual citizens can technically become president . Cruz 's comical predicament illuminates three things about the politics of American identity in this era of demographic flux . First , it is a reminder that people of color , whatever their party , are still more likely than whites to be presumed foreign . John McCain , born in the Panama Canal , and Mitt Romney , born to a father born in Mexico , never faced conspiracy theories about whether they were ersatz Americans or Americans with divided loyalties . Barack Obama , of course , did . And for a moment , at least , so did Cruz . They 're the lucky ones . Millions of regular Americans who do n't care about their qualifications for the presidency are nonetheless subjected daily to suspicion based on their non-whiteness . Second , those who live by race-tinged insinuations can die by them , too . Cruz felt that he had to act swiftly to nip rumors of his outsiderness in the bud because he realized just how viciously they could spread out of control . He realized this because it was members of his own party who had incubated and propagated such insinuations about whether our son-of-a-Kenyan president was insufficiently committed to the American way . What goes around comes around , and when Donald Trump  who declined to rule on Cruz 's status because he had n't "  studied it enough "  is an arbiter of national authenticity , nobody is safe . Perhaps the most delicious aspect of the Cruz citizenship flap is that his form of alleged alienness was Canadian . What could be worse , for an anti-government rugged individualist , than a blood association with the land of free health care and the home of brave bureaucrats ? What could be worse , for a party struggling to diversify , than to have this Latin-Texan hopeful smothered in the blandness of a Canadian Eh ? Perhaps Ted Cruz , chastened by his brush with un-American identity , will proceed with greater empathy for those on the margins of American life . Perhaps leaders in his party will learn to forego the short-term electoral benefits of whipping up white fear of decline and white mistrust of people who may seem foreign . And perhaps activists from the other party will resist the temptation to brand any nonwhite conservative as a traitor or a fraud . Or perhaps not . What is certain is that the rest of this century will bring only more and more visible instances of political leaders who embody the ethnic complexity and impurity of citizenship in the United States . The party that figures out best how to embrace that complexity and convert it into an asset will be not just the majority party . It will be the most American party . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Liu .	Eric Liu : Ted Cruz 's excellent birther adventure has been a moment of absurdity , irony Liu : It is a reminder that people of color are still more likely to be presumed foreign He says John McCain and Mitt Romney never faced conspiracy theories on their origin Liu : Maybe Cruz now will have greater empathy for those on the margins of American life
CNN  -- A day before Tuesday 's election , millions of people in key states already had cast absentee or early ballots despite long lines , legal disputes over poll procedures and damage inflicted by Superstorm Sandy . In Ohio , which may be the decisive battleground state , the deadline for early voting passed Monday afternoon . By Friday , more than 1.6 million of Ohio 's 7.9 million registered voters had cast ballots , either in person or by mail , said Matt McClellan , a spokesman for Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted . About 200,000 of the 1.3 million absentee ballots that had been distributed were still out , he said . Election officials are already facing a lawsuit over how provisional ballots -- issued to people whose eligibility to vote at a particular precinct was in question , or if they requested an absentee ballot but did n't return one -- should be filled out . Opinion : America 's voting system is a disgrace State law says poll workers need to note a voter 's drivers ' license number or the last four digits of a Social Security number on the ballot . But left-leaning groups say instructions Husted issued to election officials on Friday appear to indicate that writing down those digits is the voter 's job , not the poll worker 's , and warn that could result in votes being thrown out when provisional ballots are counted November 17 . A federal judge has set a hearing for Wednesday on the issue . But Husted , a Republican , said on Sunday that the process "  is consistent with the courts and consistent with the law . " "  We believe that this is the best way to make elections run successfully so that the most votes are counted , " he said . "  We believe it 's consistent with the law . We believe it 's the right way to run elections in Ohio . " Husted had already been taken to court for trying to cut off early voting in the three days before Tuesday , with Democrats accusing him of trying to suppress the votes of Democratic-leaning constituencies . Husted called that "  an absurd notion . " "  The rules are the same for everybody , " he said . "  They do n't target any one group or individual . What we 're trying to do is to make the system run fair and smooth for everybody . " Other eyes were on Florida , another vote-rich state where polls show President Barack Obama and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney running neck-and-neck . CNN Poll of Polls There were still long lines for early voting when the deadline passed over the weekend , so election officials in the state 's most populous belt -- Palm Beach , Broward and Miami-Dade counties -- allowed voters to pick up , fill out and submit absentee ballots . In Miami , the lines snaked around the block from the office of the county supervisor of elections ahead of a Monday afternoon deadline . Oscar Silvia said he cast a ballot within 20 minutes during early voting last week -- but when he came back to pick up an absentee ballot for his son , he spent more than three hours in the queue . "  It 's normal . It 's election time , " Silvia told CNN . "  No other option -- you do what you have to do . " Melinda Soliz spent more than four hours in line . But since she had been in a similar line four years ago , she had planned for a long wait . Tuesday , she predicted , "  is going to be worse . " "  I am really tired , but it is worth it , " Soliz said . "  Thank God it is n't every day . " Florida Republicans , led by Gov. Rick Scott , had pushed to cut the number of days available for early voting from 14 to eight . Democrats went to court to get that period extended , arguing the polling facilities in south Florida , a Democratic stronghold , were n't up to the demand . In the Northeast , the states hit hardest by Superstorm Sandy were trying to make accommodations for people who had been displaced by the storm or whose normal poling places had been knocked out of commission . In New York , Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Monday he has signed an executive order allowing people displaced by Sandy to go to any "  approximate polling place , " sign an affidavit add cast their votes for president , U.S. Senate or other races that would have been on the ballot in their own precincts . "  We want everyone to vote , " Cuomo said . "  Just because you 're displaced does n't mean you should be disenfranchised . " Lawrence Norden , an election expert at New York University 's Brennan Center for Justice , said he believes Cuomo 's move is allowable under state election laws . "  This is probably not ideal , " said Norden , the deputy director of the Democracy Program at the liberal-leaning Brennan Center . "  But given the dire circumstances , people should be allowed to cast their ballots . " Norden said it would be "  hard to imagine what the objection could be , " but said there is one potential downside : Voters might be left with the mistaken impression that they could vote on local issues or races in another district . And voters in some counties may get another day to cast ballots if the disruptions prevent enough citizens from showing up , state Board of Elections spokesman Thomas Connolly said Sunday . County election officials could ask to allow another day of voting if Tuesday 's turnout is less than 25 % , he said . The state board would consider the request and , if approved , a second day of voting would be scheduled within 20 days of Tuesday , he said . New Jersey lets Sandy victims vote via e-mail Polls would be open for 11 hours on the second day , with only those who were eligible to vote on Tuesday allowed to cast ballots . Nassau County Elections Commissioner William Biamonte expects a "  significant drop-off " in the turnout on Long Island , which saw extensive flooding when the storm hit October 29 . In New Jersey , where Sandy made landfall , residents displaced by the storm will be allowed to vote by e-mail or fax , the first time civilians have been allowed to cast ballots remotely . New Jersey 's announcement allows people who have been forced to leave their communities , as well as emergency workers working with disaster-relief efforts away from home , to do the same . "  This is n't like , ` Hell , I feel like staying at work tonight , let me fax my vote in . ' No , no , no , " Gov. Chris Christie told reporters Sunday . "  This is if you have been displaced from your home by the storm . This is also not , ' I got evicted for not paying rent -- I 'd like to vote by fax . ' No . " The state is also consolidating polling places that have lost power or are cut off with others that are up and running , said Ernest Landante , a spokesman for New Jersey Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno . In many states , remote electronic voting is already available to members of the military and U.S. citizens living overseas . But experts have raised concerns about the security of electronic voting in the past . New Jersey officials did not explain how they will authenticate e-mails or faxes from voters . But Christie quipped Sunday that there would be "  no more voter fraud in New Jersey than usual . " "  Nothing 's different because we 're giving people different modes to be able to vote , " he said . "  I do n't think it 's any more susceptible to fraud than the system is already . " And anyone who tries "  better hope they do n't get caught , because if they do , we 'll make an example of them . " The presidential race is n't expected to be close in New York or New Jersey , both longtime Democratic strongholds in national politics . Know your polling place And offshore , the Navy said it would help any sailors and Marines aboard the helicopter carrier USS Wasp who had planned to vote on Tuesday get their ballots cast . The ship had been at sea on a training mission when Sandy formed , and it was then dispatched to the New York/New Jersey area to assist with relief efforts . Many of the roughly 1,100 aboard were registered to vote in their hometowns rather than in the counties around the ship 's homeport of Norfolk , Virginia , so their votes had likely been cast and mailed already . For those registered in Virginia , the Navy is working to get them a federal write-in ballot that will be transferred back to shore , Lt. Commander Chris Servello told CNN . CNN 's John Zarrella , Kim Segal , Ram Ramgopal , Larry Shaughnessy , Jason Kessler , Bill Mears , Don Lemon and Brandon Griggs contributed to this report .	NEW : New York governor says voters can cast ballots in any precinct NEW : "  I am really tired , but it is worth it , " says a woman in line In Miami A judge will hear arguments over provisional ballots in Ohio on Wednesday New Jersey allows electronic ballots for storm-stricken towns
CNN  -- Images of the latest gleaming aircraft models regularly pepper websites  including this one  , but where do all of those dead airplanes go ? The numbers are huge : approximately 12,000 aircraft are set to be decommissioned by 2020 . In addition , 2,000-3 ,000 planes are estimated to have been abandoned around the world  primarily in developing countries  according to the Aircraft Fleet Recycling Association  AFRA  . As their aircraft near the end of their service lives , aircraft owners must find ways for dealing with retirees . For aircraft at that awkward stage when they 're no longer safe to fly but still too sturdy to demolish , there are storage facilities like that at Marana Aerospace Solutions in Arizona or the Mohave Air and Space Port in California . The problem is , they 're only temporary . While some parts -- especially engine parts -- practically sell themselves and find new homes on new planes , other airplane parts can get more innovative second lives , such as the ones featured below . Furniture Futuristic rivets , elegant curves , gleaming surfaces and the ability to withstand extremes ... it 's easy to see why furniture designers would be intrigued by the potential of decommissioned airplanes . The widely acknowledged leader in this niche industry is MotoArt , a California-based company that 's been designing sleek , sexy beds , tables , chairs and sculptures constructed from deconstructed airplanes for more than a decade . "  We have over 100 designs and have produced thousands of pieces that you find nearly in all parts of the world , from the Dubai Burj , to the Sears Tower , and even as far away as the North Pole , " says managing partner Dave Hall . Germany 's bordbar , the first company that thought to revamp airline trolleys as multifunctional and decorative furniture , customizes trolleys . This can mean incorporating butterfly patterns or corporate logos , transforming the trolley into a filing cabinet or mini-bar , complete with shelves , glass front and LED lighting . "  We sell our products around the globe , with approximately 220 wholesalers , " says bordbar co-founder Valentin Hartmann . "  There is definitely a market for trolleys . " Bordbar trolleys start at $ 979  $ 1,300  . German company Skypak also specializes in glammed-up airline trolleys , selling luxurious , attention-grabbing designs like the Pure Gold trolley , decorated with 24-carat gold leaf . The company 's star product , the Luxury Crystal trolley , is covered in 82,000 Swarovski crystals . Skypak 's trolleys start at $ 1,380  $ 1,833  , but luxury trolleys go for anywhere from $ 3,900  $ 5,180  to $ 27,800  $ 37,000  . Floor and wall tile Aircraft aluminum is n't like the aluminum most of us know . Because of the alloys that make it sturdy and fit for flight , it 's also difficult to recycle . Bio-Luminum , a building material from U.S.-based Coverings ETC , is made from completely recycled aircraft aluminum . "  The energy used in recycling aluminum is 5 % of what would be used during the first generation of aluminum production , " says Jennifer Ryan , business development director for Coverings ETC. . The best part is that Bio-Luminum is itself recyclable . "  So if you ever desire to change your decor , Bio-Luminum can be removed and used over again , " says Ryan . "  It is truly a cradle-to-cradle product . " Boat Planeboats , or "  flying boats , " are rare  the Japanese Imperial Navy developed a fleet during World War II  , but a former 1939 Boeing 307 Stratoliner converted into a boat that can reach up to 13 knots occupies a remarkable place in recycled plane lore . The boat has an unforgettable name -- the Cosmic Muffin -- as well as an equally interesting history . It belonged to aviation pioneer Howard Hughes in the 1940s . After it was re-christened by pilot Jimmy Buffett , its current owner , Dave Drimmer , purchased it in 1981 to live aboard . "  The original aircraft controls in the cockpit are now used to drive the boat with both the pilot and co-pilot controls , " says Drimmer . "  This is what makes the planeboat so unique and novel ; you sit where Howard Hughes used to fly the plane to drive the boat . " Jealous ? Intensely curious ? The Cosmic Muffin is open for tours and charters out of Fort Lauderdale , Florida . House Architect David Hertz 's design , the Wing House , a Malibu mansion constructed from an entire Boeing 747 , manages to be striking and graceful , even without the knowledge that it was built on ecologically sound principles . Via his website , Hertz compares the process of converting the 747 into a house to the way "  the Native American Indians used every part of the buffalo . " The most obviously aerial feature is the curvilinear roof , constructed from the wings of the former plane . Working with a smaller budget , but no less entrepreneurial , Oregon resident Bruce Campbell 's Airplane Home is a structurally untouched Boeing 727-200 that 's been gutted on the inside . Then there is Joe Axline 's "  Project Freedom , " involving two airplanes , an MD-80 and a DC-9-41 , that have been converted into a home . Hotel It 's difficult to imagine a traveler disembarking from an airplane wanting to spend a night in one . But if the number of hotels built into airplanes is any indication , such travelers do exist . Costa Verde , a luxurious hotel located in a Costa Rican rainforest , is a recycled Boeing 727 . Despite its clipped wings , from the exterior it looks like an aircraft emerging from the jungle ready to fly out over the Pacific . The fuselage that encases the two bedrooms of the "  727 Fuselage Home " suite is intact . Apart from the distinctive shape of the portholes and curved ceiling , however , the interior feels more woodsy bungalow than aircraft . Meanwhile , Stockholm 's Arlanda Airport has budget accommodation Jumbo Stay , a hostel built into a Boeing 747 , popularly known as a Jumbo Jet . "  I financed and built the whole hostel , " says owner Oscar Diös . "  We wanted to be unique , but not discriminating toward anyone with a smaller budget . " This welcoming attitude may be why the cockpit has served as the setting of several weddings , and why former 747 pilots are regular visitors . "  Jumbo Stay is a place for everyone , " says Diös . For $ 350  $ 465  a night , there 's the Airplane Suite for two in the Netherlands . Built inside a decommissioned Ilyushin Il-18 , it comes with amenities you could n't have on a private jet -- Jacuzzi , sauna , flat-screen TVs and basic kitchen equipment , not to mention a mini-bar and DVD collection . Artificial reef Most airplanes try to avoid submersion in large bodies of water . That sort of thing is usually called an "  accident . " But if the airplane is empty , then sinking it into the sea to create an artificial reef , like the Artificial Reef Society of British Columbia  ARSBC  did with a Boeing 737 , it might actually be a good thing , as they become homes for , and thus promote , local marine life . "  The ` passenger list ' of creatures that now inhabit the reef has grown to over 100 species , " says Deidre Forbes McCracken , director of public relations at the ARSBC . Anything else Recycling an airplane means recycling the interior as well . Australian retailer Rushfaster stocks laptop messenger bags fitted with former airplane seatbelts as straps -- a good gift for university freshmen who need to lug around textbooks . Then there 's British retailer Worn Again , with its Worn Again Virgin line . Though often out of stock  recycling depends on the availability of discarded materials  , the company stocks a line of bags , clothes and accessories made from recycled Virgin Atlantic interiors . European architectural firm LOT-EK has ambitious concept designs for a library of more than 200 stacked Boeing fuselages ; Sky Tram presents the idea of converting fuselages into futuristic supertrains that would run on tracks suspended several stories above the ground . Sure , these innovations do n't actually exist . Yet . But people laughed at airplanes , too , until they really took off . Originally published March 2012 ; updated September 5 , 2013 .	Visionaries have been making furniture , hotels and private homes from decommissioned airplanes Airplane trolleys can be converted into wine bars or foosball tables Plane-turned-boat Cosmic Muffin can reach speeds up to 13 knots
Sen. Rand Paul , a Republican who hails from Kentucky coal country , tried to find some "  middle ground " with HBO host Bill Maher on climate change , saying Friday night that he supports deregulating alternative sources of energy . "  We need more energy , and maybe cleaner energy will supplant less clean energy over time -- and it already is -- but I do n't think that shutting down dramatically one form of energy is a good idea for an economy , " the first-term senator said on "  Real Time . " Bill Maher : I had drinks with Rand Paul While saying he 's not against some regulations , such as on carbon emissions and clean water , Paul said he plans on introducing legislation "  in the next month or so " that would cut regulation of alternative fuels . "  I 'm for trying to get the government out of the way of converting your trucks from diesel to natural gas , or from gasoline to ethanol , " he said . "  And try to let the marketplace take care of this , because some of these fuels are actually cheaper , too , and if they 're cheaper then people will go for a cheaper alternative that also is cleaner for the environment . " His comments come as Paul , who 's planning a presidential run but says he has n't made a final decision yet , has blasted President Obama and other Democrats for supporting policies that would negatively affect the coal industry in his home state . He has also gone after the Environmental Protection Agency for what he describes as overbearing regulations . And Paul blasted Hillary Clinton this fall for arguing that climate change is one of the biggest threats facing the United States . On the show Friday , Paul continued to argue that the rhetoric in the climate change debate can be exaggerated . "  It gets so far out there , and it does almost get there with a religiosity that I do n't think we need to have , " he said . "  If we 're going to say the Statue of Liberty is drowning , that 's alarmist . " Maher , a liberal leaning independent who shares some of Paul 's libertarian views , sounded encouraged by Paul 's talk on alternative energy but challenged the senator on his point about the discussion surrounding climate change . Joining the Los Angeles-based program remotely from Washington , Paul also answered questions about the recent call to increase the number of troops in Iraq to fight ISIS . "  I 'm not for sending any troops into Iraq , and will oppose sending any of our troops back into Iraq , " he said . Also on the program , Paul reiterated his position in favor of criminal justice reform for nonviolent drug convictions and vowed : "  I will do everything to end war on drugs . " HBO , like CNN , is a division of Time Warner .	Rand Paul says he wants the marketplace to determine alternative sources of energy Kentucky senator hails from coal country and has taken a tough stance on the "  war on coal " Paul was appearing on Bill Maher 's HBO talk show
CNN  -- It began with a ride home from school on Tuesday , October 9 . Gunmen halted the van ferrying Malala Yousafzai through her native Swat Valley , one of the most conservative regions in Pakistan . They demanded that other girls in the vehicle identify her . Malala had faced frequent death threats in the past . Some of the girls pointed her out . At least one gunman opened fire , wounding three girls . Two suffered non-life-threatening injuries , but bullets struck Malala in the head and neck . The bus driver hit the gas . The assailants got away . Malala was left in critical condition . An uncle described her as having excruciating pain and being unable to stop moving her arms and legs . Doctors fought to save her life , then her condition took a dip . They operated to remove a bullet from her neck . After surgery , she was unresponsive for three days . Photos : Malala on the road to recovery Now , it is nothing short of a miracle that the teen blogger , who fights for the right of girls to get an education , is still alive and even more astounding that she suffered no major brain or nerve damage . In hardly more than four weeks , she went from an intensive care unit in Pakistan , showing no signs of consciousness , to walking , writing , reading -- and smiling -- again in a hospital in the United Kingdom . Less than three months after being gunned down , she was discharged from the hospital to continue her rehabilitation at her family 's temporary home . Her father is now employed at the Pakistani Consulate in Great Britain . On Wednesday , doctors announced that she is expected to undergo groundbreaking surgery in Birmingham , England to repair her skull . And beyond her hospital room , a world sympathetic with her ordeal has transformed her into a global symbol for the fight to allow girls everywhere access to an education . The United Nations even declared November 10 , Malala Day as a day of action to focus on "  Malala and the 32 million girls like Malala not at school . " Ex-UK PM Brown supports Malala 's call for girls ' education in Pakistan The Pakistani Taliban shot Malala Malala has encouraged girls and their families to resist the Pakistani Taliban , which pushed girls from classrooms , since she was 11 . In January 2009 , the militants issued an edict ordering that no school should educate girls . Malala wrote in her online diary about intimidation tactics the Taliban used in the Swat Valley in northwest Pakistan to coerce girls into not going school . They included house raids to search for books , and Malala had to hide hers under her bed . The extremists took issue with her writings and threatened to kill her . "  I was scared of being beheaded by the Taliban because of my passion for education , " she told CNN last year . Right after her shooting , her family kept a low profile , for fear they could be next . The militants vowed that if Malala survived , they 'd go after her again . "  We will certainly kill her , " a spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban said . Read about the Pakistani Taliban and the faction that went after Malala Global outpouring of support The bloodletting sparked outrage inside Pakistan against the radical Islamist group , which continues to wield influence in parts of the country . Around the world , the young blogger has become a poster child for a widespread need to permit girls to get an education . Initially , supporters in Pakistan gathered for small vigils to pray for Malala 's recovery . Government officials in Peshawar , the main city in the northwestern region where Malala is from , observed a minute of silence in her honor . Public support snowballed , and thousands of people in Pakistan and elsewhere attended rallies honoring her courage . Protesters in Karachi carried posters and banners reading : "  Malala , our prayers are with you " and "  Shame on you , Taliban . " The airwaves filled with leaders and commentators who publicly got behind her , and journalists closely followed her story , drawing death threats from the Taliban for their coverage . Army Chief Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani took a stand from Malala 's hospital , declaring : "  We refuse to bow before terror . " Pakistan 's first female foreign minister , Hina Rabbani Khar , decried the attempted assassination as "  a wake-up call  to  a clear and present danger . " Interior Minister Rehman Malik dubbed Malala "  the pride of Pakistan " and announced that her local school would be renamed for her , changing from "  Khushal Public School " to "  Malala Public High School . " Authorities in Swat renamed a college after her . Malala later requested that schools not be named for her , to prevent them from becoming prominent targets for the Pakistani Taliban . The United Nations launched a campaign for girls ' education named "  I am Malala . " Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the attack and praised Malala 's cause . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton commended the blogger 's bravery ; Actress Angelina Jolie donated $ 50,000 to a charity in Malala 's name . And singer Madonna shouted her name from a stage , dedicating a song to her . Malik proclaimed that the two other girls injured in the attack on Malala -- Kainat Riaz Ahmed and Shazia Ramzan -- will be honored with the third-highest military award , the Star of Courage . It is not normally given to civilians . Pakistan to honor girls injured in Malala attack Gordon Brown and Malala galvanize action "  Pakistan has a new heroine and a new cause -- a girl 's right to education , " former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown wrote in an opinion piece published by CNN . Brown , who heads up the "  I am Malala " campaign in his role as United Nations special envoy on global education , toured Pakistan to boost education with international funding and local initiatives . It was his office that declared Malala Day . After her shooting , Brown visited schools , including hers . He talked education for three days with Pakistan 's president , Cabinet ministers , educational nongovernmental organizations , donors and a covey of U.N. charities . iReport : Girls + Education Malala 's path from near mortal wound to recovery In addition to removing the bullet , doctors extracted a piece of skull to relieve pressure on Malala 's brain because of swelling . Malala was taken by helicopter from one military hospital in Pakistan to another , where doctors placed her in a medically induced coma , so an air ambulance could fly her to Great Britain for treatment . "  She is lucky to be alive , " Dr. Dave Rosser , the medical director of University Hospitals in Birmingham , UK , told reporters after her arrival . Then came the light at the end of the tunnel . Examinations revealed that Malala suffered no major neurological damage . More than a week after being shot a world away , Malala got back on her feet again , able to stand when leaning on a nurse 's arm at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham . Eager to communicate , she wrote sentences on paper -- she could n't talk at first because of a tracheotomy . "  Malala is a strong young woman and has worked hard with the people caring for her to make excellent progress in her recovery , " Rosser said on her release . She has returned to her family and continues therapies as an outpatient at the hospital where she will undergo further surgery on her skull . Chasing the perpetrators Malik , the Pakistani interior minister , quickly placed a $ 1 million bounty on the head of Pakistani Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan , after he claimed responsibility for Malala 's attack on behalf of the group . Police immediately took the van driver and the school guard into custody for questioning and rounded up dozens in the course of the investigation . Arrests made in shooting of Pakistani schoolgirl Malala They have identified the shooters as two boys , but their main suspect is an adult , who the police say drove the youths to the scene -- Atta Ullah Khan , 23 . All three were at large . In an interview with CNN , Khan 's sister apologized to Malala for his alleged involvement . "  What he did was intolerable , " Rehana Haleem said . "  I do n't consider Atta Ullah my brother anymore . " She called Malala her sister . What 's next for Malala ? After regaining strength , Malala is now set to endure more surgery . Doctors at Queen Elizabeth hospital will replace the piece of skull extracted in Pakistan . Her lead doctor , Dr. Rosser , "  does not envisage any difficulties " in a pair of operations to repair her skull or fix the hearing in her left ear , he said Wednesday . Malala is no stranger to recognition , and her ordeal has boosted it to global proportions . Pakistan 's Malala : Global symbol , but still just a kid She has penned her online diary in cooperation with the BBC in the past , and has spoken to other media , including CNN . At home , her writings led to her being awarded Pakistan 's first National Peace Prize in late 2011 . From her hospital room in the UK , Malala asked early on for her school books , so she could study for exams she wants to take when she arrives back home in Pakistan . She is all about education . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Nasir Habib , Shaan Khan and journalist Saima Mohsin contributed to this report .	NEW : Malala Yousafzai will return to hospital in Birmingham , England for more surgery Taliban gunmen stopped a van carrying Malala and shot her The extremists wanted to kill her for promoting education for girls There was a global outpouring of sympathy for Malala , as she fought for her life
CNN  -- "  I am like , I am so  BLEEP  high . This is terrible . And I did it in that voice . And I have never done that voice before in my life . I do n't know where that voice came from . But I heard myself use that voice . And in my mind , I went , oh  BLEEP  . I just gave myself Down syndrome . " -- Wyatt Cenac , This American Life , 5/4/2014 It 's hard to build a more inclusive society when people keep making fun of you . Even as people with disabilities and their allies make progress in so many ways , disability remains a target for mockery . Over the last few days , a baby boy with Down syndrome named Gammy has been all over the news . He and his twin sister were born to a surrogate mother in Thailand , but allegedly when their Australian parents discovered the boy 's genetic condition , they left him behind . To the biological parents , it seems , the words "  Down syndrome " meant that he was not worth being their son . These are the stakes involved in how we talk and think about disability , how we portray disability in the media , not to mention in our schools and homes . I 'm the father of a boy with Down syndrome . I remember weeping when I heard the diagnosis . My mother said she could n't stop thinking about how he 'd be taunted and bullied as he got older . Her experience of people with intellectual disabilities was that they were targets for cruel humor . The good news is that in recent years , sustained awareness campaigns against dehumanizing speech , coupled with some 20 years of inclusive education since the passage of the Americans With Disabilities Act in 1990 , have made things a lot better in America . No one is likely to call my son the r-word to his face . The bad news is that perhaps we have focused too much on explicit language without addressing the deeper questions of portrayal and representation . Too often , people with disabilities are marginalized and excluded . Instead of focusing on a single word , we 've got to work to unravel the prejudices beneath the surface . Last May , Wyatt Cenac , former "  Daily Show " correspondent and comedian , appeared on "  This American Life , " a popular show on National Public Radio . He told a story about a bad experience eating a pot brownie . The joke was that it made him talk , uncontrollably , in a funny voice , as if he had Down syndrome . Next , Cenac , broke the flow of the piece in order to issue a kind of disclaimer . He said : "  Now let me just say , I know what Down syndrome is . I know that Down syndrome is something that you 're born with when you are born with an extra chromosome . I know all that information . I knew that information then . But something about eating this brownie made me think that somehow I had grown an extra chromosome and I now had adult-onset Down syndrome . And for people who have Down syndrome , it 's something they grow up with . And they grow up and they have healthy and happy lives . I just got it . " Then he went right back to his fake voice , slurring words , and sounding confused . Cenac did not respond to emails asking for a comment . -LSB- He has since commented on the piece here . -RSB- And the host of the show , Ira Glass , declined to comment for this piece . Glass did write , however , to Julie Ross , the mother of a child with Down syndrome . She shared that e-mail with me . Glass wrote : "  I agree with you completely that nobody should have to listen to stories that mock and denigrate  people with Down syndrome  This was a concern for me and my producers when we were working with Wyatt Cenac . We talked about it as we shaped the story . " He then notes that Cenac went out of his way to make the disclaimer , claims that Cenac is making himself the butt of the joke , and that , "  The only thing that possibly could be offensive is his imitation of what a person with Down syndrome sounds like , and again -- we may disagree about that -- I think that 's fair game for a comedian . " Glass and Cenac used the disclaimer , used the statement that they know what Down syndrome is , medically , as a way to protect themselves from criticism . However , as Glass admits , the humor of this piece depends on making fun of the way that some people with Down syndrome speak . Since my son was very young , we 've worked for so many hours on his speech . Together , we 've worked with many therapists to carve out individual phonemes , tones , sounds and finally words . Each tiny advance takes months . I wept when I heard him say , "  I love you " for the first time , even though it was in a slurred , indistinct voice of the exact type that Cenac was mocking . Moreover , speech is so fraught , because intelligibility -- how clearly my son can communicate with strangers -- determines what kind of independence will be possible for him as an adult . There is no disclaimer that can take the sting out of Cenac 's joke . He and Glass can decide that the humor of the piece is worth being offensive , but they do n't get to determine whether the hurt is real or just . Neither do the many comics that rely on punching down , using mockery of people marginalized by ability , race , religion , gender or sexuality to get a laugh . Cenac is n't alone . Ricky Gervais , in the British TV show "  Derek , " plays a man who appears to be disabled . Derek is supposed to be a positive example , but much of the comedy extends from his disabled physicality -- a hunched back , a slacked toothsome mouth , and a shuffling walk . Other laughs come from his cluelessness as he cheerily staggers through uncomfortable scenes . Gervais has said he does n't mean to make fun of people with intellectual disabilities , saying in an interview , "  I 've never considered him disabled ; he is a ` out of the mouth of babies ' innocent person who always says the right thing that you did n't see coming . And if I say he 's not disabled , that 's the end of it . " That 's not the end of it . Not for Gervais . Not for Cenac . In the end , it does n't matter whether a comedian uses a diagnostic term , issues a disclaimer , or claims to be the butt of the joke . Humor can reinforce stereotypes or destroy them . When you make fun of attributes associated with disability , you might as well just be standing on stage , shouting the r-word .	David Perry : It 's hard to build inclusive world when people mock Down syndrome On Ira Glass show , comedian Wyatt Cenac made derisive reference to Down syndrome He says Glass said it 's fair game for comedy . Perry , who has Down syndrome son , disagrees Perry : Cenac , Glass can defend comedy , but do n't get to say whether hurt it causes is real
ONDO , Nigeria  CNN  -- In the dark of the early morning , the assembled drug agents murmur a short prayer before setting out on an early morning drugs raid . A agent torches marijuana plants found in the Nigerian forests but there could be hundreds more farms . After a few short orders , we set off into the deep undergrowth of southern Nigeria 's forests on a tip-off that somewhere ahead are hidden farms illegally growing cannabis . "  It 's dangerous because some of them have machetes and in the deeper forest they have pump action shotguns that they use , " explained Gaura Shedow , Nigeria 's narcotics commander for Ondo state . Nigeria 's National Drug Law Enforcement Agency , or NDLEA , are battling to stop drugs illegally transited through the country , from Latin America and Asia into Europe and the U.S. , spilling over into the streets of Nigeria . As we approach the farm , orders go for out for silence and torches out . The agents spill into an opening in the dense forest , and in the red-glow of the rising sun we can make out the unmistakable leaf of the marijuana plant . NDLEA suspects there may be hundreds of farms hidden in the forest - estimating the crop they 've found this morning to be about $ 6,000 . Despite NDLEA 's efforts the farmers are nowhere to be seen , but Commander Gaura remains practical . "  The people that stay in these farms are not the big people . The big men stay in the cities -- they do n't even come to the farmlands . " Nigeria is on the frontline in the global war on drugs -- an international gateway for cocaine from Latin America and heroin from Asia to abusers in Europe and the United States . It 's not known exactly how much is transited through Nigeria but NDLEA says last year they seized over 300 tons of narcotics . Focusing primarily on the main transit points -- roads , ports and airports - NDLEA claim to have convicted over 1,800 traffickers . Most of them are Nigerian . "  We do have a big expatriate community of Nigerians in Europe and United States , " explains Dagmar Thomas at the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime in Nigeria . "  And there is always the danger that these communities are tapped into by organized crime cartels . " We spoke to one man arrested for trying to trafficking cocaine to Europe . A young graduate , he explained how after losing his job in Spain he was tempted by the offer of $ 5,000 to transport cocaine packets in his stomach . "  When you are swallowing - taking in this thing into your body it 's just as if you are signing your death warrant ... but this is what many youths do today just to make a living . " And with low-ranking NDLEA officers paid on average $ 200 a month corruption within the agency is a key concern . "  Yes , certainly there was a lot -- a lot , I think -- of corruption in the agency , " explained Ahmadu Giade , the agency 's chairman . "  But so long as I continue as chairman of the agency , so long I will continue to dismiss anybody who 's involved in corruption -- I will never spare him . " But neither do the drugs . Living under a bridge in Nigeria 's over-crowded metropolis , Lagos , Mercy Jon sleeps behind a public toilet with five other people . She prostitutes herself to pay for her cocaine habit . "  Cocaine has destroyed my life - if it was not for the cocaine I 'm taking , I would not be in such a place because I 'm a learned somebody . My parents spent a lot to make sure I go to school , but because of cocaine I 've ruined everything . " Mercy Jon is being helped by one of only a handful of drug rehabilitation centers in Lagos -- Freedom Foundation . But struggling to find funding to cope with the number of addicts , their founder Tony Rapu is seeing a disturbing trend . "  I actually think its increasing -- in the past few years we 've seen more cases of heroin and cocaine abuse and in the area of marijuana it 's like its getting even more common . " Watching his officers systematically set about cutting and burning the seized cannabis crop Commander Gaura gestures to the flames . "  We prefer to get to the grass roots and cut it down before it gets to the streets . " But with the farmers and drug barons still in hiding Nigeria 's drug war is far from over .	Nigerian drug agents patrol southern forests hunting for hidden drug farms Nigeria is hub for trafficking and fears problem is spilling into its streets Courier paid $ 5,000 to transport cocaine in stomach ; drug agent paid $ 200 a month Educated addict now living under bridge says her life was destroyed by cocaine
Denver  CNN  -- A small group of New Year 's Eve revelers here ditched the traditional champagne toast , lighting up joints instead at a newly opened marijuana club . The members-only Club 64 is the first of its kind to open in Colorado since November when voters approved Amendment 64 , which legalized possession of small amounts of marijuana for recreational use . The club opened on New Year 's Eve at 4:20 p.m. -- another significant number among pro-pot advocates -- to a small , but enthusiastic crowd of about a dozen people , all over the age of 21 . Each member paid a $ 29 fee , allowing them to bring their own weed and smoke anywhere on the premises . Not all of Colorado 's marijuana advocates are celebrating . "  Much of our success with Amendment 64 was making the soccer moms comfortable , " said one advocate who campaigned to pass the amendment and declined to be named for fear of creating a rift within the marijuana advocacy community . "  This is not the fight we want to have right now . " Marijuana advocates hope to rise from ` prohibition ' Even though the club does n't sell marijuana , the advocate said it "  thwart  s  the intent of Amendment 64 , " which requires a year-long waiting period before stores are allowed to open and sell marijuana . That provision is designed to allow state and local governments enough time to regulate the industry and , proponents hope , to help ease fears in the community . Despite new laws in Colorado and Washington state , federal law still prohibits recreational marijuana use . It 's unclear if the federal government will step in and try to stop either state 's laws from being enacted . The advocate expressed concern that unregulated marijuana clubs in Colorado could create a bad impression on voters who supported the measure . "  We have not only an opportunity but a responsibility to demonstrate to America this can work . " Opinion : President needs to fix broken drug policy In a carefully worded statement , the advocacy director of Yes on Amendment 64 said that while Club 64 poses no risk to the community , it does put at risk the advances their cause has made . "  We can best demonstrate that regulation is a much safer approach to marijuana policy than prohibition through the careful and swift creation of regulated businesses , " Betty Aldworth said . Those who showed up at Club 64 Tuesday were n't interested in making sure "  soccer moms " would approve of their behavior . They just wanted to celebrate their recent victory at the ballot box by ringing in the new year with their now legal drug of choice . "  The voters of Colorado have said we want cannabis to be legalized and we want a bunch of like-minded adults to be able to get together and exercise their constitutional rights together and that 's what Club 64 embodies , " said club owner Rob Corry . Gabriel Kinderay , clad in an orange Denver Broncos cap , wasted no time filling a small glass pipe with marijuana he says he grew himself and lighting up . "  It seems like up until today we were the kind of people that had to be secretive about who we were and how we lived our lives , " he said . "  Over the last couple of years we 've been able to start really talking more openly about what we do and people have accepted it and that 's great . I 'm glad to see that . " Marijuana use holds steady among U.S. teens Club 64 does n't have a permanent location and the address for the New Year 's Eve celebration was distributed only to paying members . Corry hopes to make the club a monthly event , moving from location to location . Long-time Denver marijuana activist Miguel Lopez hopes Amendment 64 and Club 64 will serve as a model for other communities . "  It 's a pathway to further freedom , " said Lopez . "  Are we truly free if all human beings can not possess marijuana ? Not just in Colorado but as a human rights campaign globally . Let Denver be a beacon of hope for freedom , for true freedom . " Lopez then fired up a joint , held in the smoke and exhaled with a series of coughs . "  You ca n't get off if you do n't cough , " he said with a grin . The new year could bring a deeper divide among Colorado 's pro-marijuana advocates , as the state tries to figure out how to reconcile its new law with the federal government and the stigma surrounding the drug that advocates insist is no worse than alcohol . Corry , an attorney and a longtime marijuana advocate who is known for ruffling feathers , rejected the notion that his club is hampering efforts to make marijuana more socially and legally acceptable . "  This is much larger than just marijuana , this is a civil rights struggle to end prohibition and civil rights struggles and overcoming oppression  do  not happen easily , " Corry said . "  It has to happen by people taking chances and sometimes yes , pushing the envelope ... "  And that is how change happens in this country and that 's what got us to this point -- people taking chances and pushing the envelope . "	Colorado 's first marijuana club opened on New Year 's Eve in Denver Club 64 is open only to members , and does not sell pot Some marijuana advocates say the club violates the intent of Amendment 64 That amendment legalized recreational marijuana use in Colorado
Mental Floss  -- Your mission , if you choose to accept it , is to seek out covert items at fast food chains around the country . Not all food items are always listed on restaurant menus . Be warned , this mission includes very real dangers such as hardening arteries and skyrocketing cholesterol . We 've compiled a list to get you started . 1 . If you 're at Starbucks and in need of just a little caffeine , do n't worry -- there 's a tiny option for you . It 's the Short size , and they do n't advertise it . It 's like a little baby cup of coffee . It also comes in handy when you 're scrounging for change and do n't have enough for a tall  not that that has ever happened to me  . 2 . It 's a good thing we do n't have Jamba Juice here in Iowa , because I would be all over candy-based smoothies . Because it 's considered a health-food chain , Jamba Juice does n't officially list these on their in-store menus , but the Web site Mighty Foods assures us that the secret flavors exist . The ones they confirmed with the company 's headquarters include Strawberry Shortcake , White Gummy Bear , PB&J , Various flavors of Starbursts , Fruity Pebbles , Push-Up Pops , and Skittles . Other tantalizing flavors that are rumored to exist : Chocolate Gummi Bear , Apple Pie , Sourpatch Kid , Tootsie Roll , and Now and Later . 3 . This one might be my favorite . At Fatburger , you can order a Hypocrite -- a veggie burger topped with crispy strips of bacon . 4 . Chipotle has a whole secret menu that is limited only by your imagination -- they have a store policy that says that if they have the item available , they will make it for you . Things that have been tested include nachos , quesadillas , taco salads and single tacos . Some stores are testing out quesadillas as a regular menu item , however , so maybe someday soon you wo n't need a super-secret handshake to order one . Mental Floss : 7 food promotions gone horribly wrong 5 . If you 're at Wendy 's and you 're really hungry -- like , three-patties-just-won ` t-cut-it hungry -- go ahead and order the Grand Slam , which is four patties stacked on a bun . This option is only available at select Wendy 's , and it 's also known as the Meat Cube . 6 . Several places , including McDonald 's and In-N-Out , will serve you the Neapolitan milkshake . It 's just what it sounds like -- chocolate , vanilla and strawberry shakes layered in a cup . 7 . In-N-Out Burger 's "  secret menu " is n't so secret these days -- in fact , they 've posted it on their Web site . But in case you 're not in the habit of surfing fast food Web sites , here 's the skinny on their rather un-skinny items : ordering something "  Animal Style " at In-N-Out means you 're going to get it with lettuce , tomato , a mustard-cooked beef patty , pickles , extra spread  it 's sort of Thousand-Islandy  and grilled onions . You can even get your fries Animal Style . Mental Floss : Why is it called "  Thousand Island " dressing ? "  Protein Style " is a burger wrapped in a lettuce leaf instead of a bun . A Grilled Cheese is two slices of American cheese , lettuce , tomato and spread on a bun  grilled onions if you so choose  . And you can get just about any combo of meat and cheese that you want if you order it like you 're ordering lumber : 3 × 3 gets you three beef patties and three slices of cheese , 4 × 4 gets you four of each , and so on . According to photos posted at SuperSizedMeals.com , one gluttonous patron requested and received a 100x100 at a Las Vegas store a few years ago . One item not listed on the Web site secret menu : the Flying Dutchman , which is two slices of cheese sandwiched between two patties , hold the bun . 8 . Feeling a little health-conscious at Popeye 's ? If you are , you really should have gone somewhere else . But there 's a little hope for you -- ordering "  naked chicken " will get you breading-free poultry . The word is that this is on the menu at some Popeye 's , but not all of them , although it is an option at all of them . 9 . Like Chipotle , Taco Bell will make you just about anything within reason as long as they have the ingredients for it . Since most of the food at Taco Bell is made out of the same basic items , that means you can probably ask for most discontinued items and get them . One "  secret , " though , is that they have a not-advertised green chili sauce at most locations , and apparently it 's excellent . 10 . Some Subways will still make you the popular pizza sub from the 1990s . Once the chain decided to make their focus healthy eating , the pizza sub disappeared from the menu in most places  the word is that Canadian and Mexican Subways still offer them on a regular basis  . But if you ask , lots of places will still make it for you . Be warned , though -- Jared would not approve of the nine slices of pepperoni and copious amounts of cheese slathered in marinara sauce . Mental Floss : Brief history of dubious dieting For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Some fast food outlets have not-on-menu items you can get if you ask for them Fatburger 's Hypocrite is bacon-topped veggie burger ; Popeye 's offers naked chicken Some Subways will still make the popular pizza sub from the 1990s Wendy 's offers the Meat Cube ; McDonald 's has a Neapolitan milkshake
CNN  -- When I heard last month that the Nigerian Film and Video Censors Board , headquartered in Abuja , had indicated that it would be unable to issue certification for "  Half of a Yellow Sun " in time for the film 's release date , I naturally assumed , at first , that what we were faced with was nothing more sinister than another instance of the typical , if frustrating , culture of wilful incompetence that we 'd grappled with during the making of the film -- while shooting the film in Nigeria two years ago , there were times when we felt ensnared in impenetrable jungles of red tape , when we would be given the go-head by one arm of the government only to find our path blocked by the other arm . I had no reason to assume that there might be anything more to it than that . I had no reason to assume , for instance , that the inability of the board to issue the film with a certificate might actually be a clumsy , heavy-handed ban in all but name . After all , when the movie had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival last autumn , amongst the entourage of Nigerians who flew in to Toronto for the occasion was Patricia Bala , director-general of the Nigerian censorship board . Bala had arrived in Toronto -- I was told -- with several of her colleagues from the censor 's office . I know for a fact that they watched the movie . I do not know for a fact that they all liked it . I can not say if any one of them stood up when , as the end credits rolled , the audience rose and gave the film three standing ovations . But I do know that Bala was gracious enough to tell us after the screening how much she loved the movie . At no point did she express any reservations about the contents of the film . It is now nearly eight months since Bala and her board first saw the movie in Toronto and a few weeks since she and her board have failed to issue "  Half of a Yellow Sun " the certification that it needs -- that the law requires it obtains before it can be shown in cinemas in Nigeria . In those several days I 've been assailed -- on Twitter , Facebook , and by email -- with rumors , innuendos , half-truths , and downright lies , disseminated sometimes directly from the censorship board  they have issued at least one press statement  , about why "  Half of a Yellow Sun " still has n't been issued with a ratings certificate . The board claims that is has not banned the film but certain aspects of it "  have some unresolved issues which have to be sorted out in accordance with the law and laid down regulations . " It has been rumored that FilmOne , the Nigerian distributors of "  Half of a Yellow Sun , " might have been late in submitting the film for certification . Not true . Most films that are screened in Nigerian cinemas are shown to the censor only a day or two before the films open to the paying public . In documentations that have been shown to me , there are instances even of movies being shown to the censor days after the movies had officially opened to the public . "  Half of a Yellow Sun " was scheduled to open on April 25 . It was submitted to the censorship board at least two weeks earlier . I 've also heard tell that the censorship board 's inability to make a decision about a ratings certificate for my film has been brought upon it because of a sudden concern that a movie that depicts scenes from the Biafra war might provoke "  tribal violence " in a country that has in recent months been besieged with terrorist bombings and profoundly shaken by the abduction of over 200 school girls by Boko Haram . Biyi Bandele : Making movies to tell Africa 's real stories Since the Toronto premiere those many months ago , I 've seen "  Half of a Yellow Sun " at other film festivals in all corners of the globe . And Nigerians being the ubiquitous people that we are have been present in the audiences -- quite often in great numbers -- at each of these festivals . I am yet to meet a single Nigerian who has seen the film who came out of the cinema thinking that they had just seen a film that would incite anyone to violence . If anything , more than once , I 've been accosted by cinema-goers -- some Nigerian , but really , people of all races -- who have been profoundly moved by the experience of watching the film . The refrain I 've heard from them is , war is nasty , is n't it . Whether or not the film eventually gets a ratings certificate in Nigeria , "  Half of a Yellow Sun " will be seen by millions of Nigerians . The question is : will they be allowed to see it in their local cinemas and on legally acquired DVDs or will they be forced to watch it on pirate DVDs and through illegal downloads ? If the biggest film that 's ever been made in Nigeria is available to Nigerians only in bootleg form , the censorship board will be doing to the Nigerian film industry what Boko Haram is trying to do to Nigeria : drive a stake through its heart . I sincerely hope they both fail . READ THIS : Thandie Newton , typhoid and a tale of civil war READ THIS : Making movies to tell Africa 's real stories The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Biyi Bandele .	Nigerian Biyi Bandele is the director of "  Half of a Yellow Sun " The film is based on a novel about the Biafran war Last month , Nigeria 's film board delayed the release of the movie
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Shortly after midnight on January 24 , a 16-year old boy from Powder Springs , Georgia , crashed his car into an oncoming vehicle . Garrett Reed , a star football player at Harrison High School , died instantly . Police believe he had been drinking . Kecia Evangela Whitfield , 43 , is charged with furnishing alcohol to a minor and reckless conduct . According to police , the investigation revealed that a classmate 's mother served alcohol to Reed . Police charged 43-year-old Kecia Evangela Whitfield with furnishing alcohol to a minor and reckless conduct , both misdemeanors . Whitfield was released on a $ 10,000 bond and awaits a court date in April . Records on file with the Cobb County solicitor general 's office indictate she has not yet entered a plea or obtained a lawyer . She did not return CNN 's phone calls . If convicted , she could receive up to a year in jail and fines totaling thousands of dollars . Toxicology reports for Reed will be released in six weeks , officials said . His death stunned the small community of Powder Springs and sounded an alarm for parents . "  What we have to realize is that our kids do think they are invincible , " said Patti Agatston , a mother of another Harrison High School teenager who lives in Reed 's neighborhood . "  We ca n't be enablers . We 've got to be adults and say ` no . ' " At least ten states including Virginia , Minnesota and New Mexico-and Georgia , where Garrett 's accident occurred , allow parents to give their own child alcohol , according to the Alcohol Policy Information System , a federal website that tracks alcohol laws . The alcohol can typically be given to the minor in the guardian 's home or a private setting and there are no age limits , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . However , nowhere is it legal to give alcohol to other people 's children . Officials say teen binge drinking is reaching epidemic proportions , and states and municipalities are scrambling to implement "  social hosting " laws that carry stiff fines for parents whose homes are used for drinking parties , whether they know about them or not . At least 24 states have enacted social hosting laws that fine parents several thousand dollars for each offense , said Jim Mosher , an expert tracking alcohol policies at the National Conference of State Legislatures . The fines , he said , are an effective deterrent . A 2005 study conducted by the American Medical Association reported that about one-third of teens said it was "  easy to obtain alcohol " from their parents . That figure jumps to 40 percent when it comes to getting alcohol from a friend 's parent . One out of four teens said they had attended a party where minors were drinking in front of parents . Some communities are using their zoning powers to create local social hosting laws . These laws usually result in misdemeanor charges and jail time is rare . Prosecutors ' offices are often busy with other cases and do n't bother to charge unless there is a serious incident or accident , policy experts said . "  It 's very difficult for us to knock on a random door and say ` are you drinking ? ' " said Sgt. Dana Pierce of the Cobb County Police Department , the agency responsible for investigating Reed 's case . "  We usually have to respond to some kind of nuisance call . " In Massachusetts in January , a court sentenced a mother to jail for serving alcohol to minors at a party in her home . A teenage boy died in an auto accident after leaving her party . In Charlottesville , Virginia , two adults served jail time in 2007 for providing alcohol at their son 's 16th birthday party . Some parents consider giving a teenager a drink a rite of passage -- and that contributes to high teenage drinking rates , said Richard Yoast , director of the Department of Healthy Lifestyles and Primary Prevention at the American Medical Association . "  It 's a myth that adults and children are buying into , and it creates pressure on the child to drink , " Yoast said . "  The biggest problem to overcome is the fact that parents feel like they are helping their kids , " said Denise Thames , director of Mothers Against Drunk Driving in Georgia , "  They often forget they are in fact breaking the law . " The affluent suburbs near Powder Springs , where Reed 's accident took place , are not immune . Police say there were several teenagers hanging out with Reed the night he died , including Whitfield 's stepson . Several of Reed 's close friends at Harrison High School said alcohol is easy to get in their community and students can find a drinking party each weekend if they want to . It is easier to get alcohol from older friends and relatives or parents than buying it with a fake ID , they said . "  As long as you have money , you can get it , " said Eric Stallworth , a senior at Harrison High School , who was close friends with Reed . He described his friend as a charismatic and popular boy , who was fiercely competitive when it came to sports and dreamed of playing college football . While there is no county or city ordinance on social hosting in Powder Springs , or in Georgia , some parents are fighting back . The Cobb Alcohol Task Force , which also serves Powder Springs , is a volunteer group working to reduce teens ' access to alcohol . The group launched a campaign called "  Adults Who Host Lose the Most " to educate the public about the dangers of illegally providing teens with liquor . Surveys in Cobb County show the campaigns are working slowly , said Cathy Finck , Cobb Alcohol Task Force coordinator . In 2007 , 68 percent of 10th grade students said obtaining alcohol was easy , a decrease from 73 percent the previous year . But that may not be enough to stop a fatal accident such as Reed 's . "  Unless you get everyone to do it , kids will find out one place where they can get alcohol and you will have these kinds of incidences , " Finck said . "  Everyone has to get on board . " Ultimately , parents need to step up and take responsibility , said Shawna Snapp of Blue River , Oregon . Her son , Ryan Snapp , nicknamed "  Snapper , " died two years ago in a car accident . He was 17 and the teenage driver had been drinking alcohol obtained from an adult . "  We 're not here as parents to be their best friends , " Snapp said . "  We are here to guide them for life . "	Star football player dies in crash that followed night of drinking Classmate 's mother is charged with furnishing alcohol to a minor AMA : A third of teens say it 's "  easy to obtain alcohol " from parents At least 24 states have enacted social hosting laws carrying stiff fines
CNN  -- At least two bombs were dropped near the Yida refugee camp in South Sudan , resulting in an undetermined number of casualties , the spokesperson for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Thursday . "  We are very concerned that these bombs were dropped in an area where there are thousands of refugees who have gathered after fleeing the violence in Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile states , " the spokesperson said in a statement . "  It is essential that both parties immediately take all steps to protect civilian lives . " In Washington , the office of the White House press secretary said in a statement that the United States "  strongly condemns the aerial bombardment by the Sudan Armed Forces of the town of Yida , " where more than 20,000 refugees who have fled conflict in the Sudanese state of Southern Kordofan are living . The Southern Kordofan , Blue Nile State and Nuba Mountain regions straddle Sudan and South Sudan 's geographical and political lines . Although these territories are geographically part of Sudan , its population has faced "  exclusion , marginalization and discriminatory practices that have resulted in their opposition to the Sudanese government , " according to the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights . "  This bombing of civilians and humanitarian workers is an outrageous act , and those responsible must be held accountable for their actions , " the statement said . The attack follows other bombardments by the Sudan Armed Forces on November 8 near the border that increase the potential for confrontation between Sudan and South Sudan , it said . "  The United States demands the Government of Sudan halt aerial bombardments immediately , " the statement said . "  We urge the Government of South Sudan to exercise restraint in responding to this provocation to prevent further escalation of hostilities . " It called for a resumption of negotiations by the Government of Sudan and the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement-North . President H.E. Saliva Kiir Mayardit has said he will not support armed opposition forces fighting against the government of Sudan , the South Sudan government website said . Kiir said Sudan was threatening the sovereignty of South Sudan "  through military invasion . " Liberation army members have clashed with the military of South Sudan , which separated from Sudan and became independent in July . Led by former officers of the southern army that fought neighboring Sudan in a 22-year civil war , the militias have taken up arms against their former comrades and become a challenge for the world 's newest nation .	NEW : South Sudan president accuses Sudan of "  military invasion " White House "  strongly condemns " attack near Yida refugee camp At least 2 bombs were dropped , says spokesman for U.N. head An undetermined number of casualties has resulted , a U.N. official says
EW.com  -- She got you , babe . Cher has taken to Twitter to defend her son Chaz Bono 's decision to join "  Dancing With the Stars " as the series ' first transgendered contestant . After becoming aware that Chaz was taking a lot of heat from transphobic Internet commenters , she encouraged her fans to voice support for him on blogs and message boards , and reminded everyone , "  Mothers do n't stop Getting angry with stupid bigots who fk with their children ! " Cher assures America : "  bet VAST MAJORITY of People will LOVE CHAZ on ` DWTS ' ! & it 's took Fkg Guts 2 ! Chaz is n't exactly the ` Got ta Dance Got ta Dance ' kinda Guy . " Is it possible Cher 's perfectly crafted tweets are even more exquisite than her songs ? Dancing With the Stars : Get the latest news , photos , and more Chaz wrote back : "  Thanks for all your support mom . The haters are just motivating me to work harder and stay on ` DWTS ' as long as I possibly can . " "  DWTS " executive producer Conrad Green told ABC News he thinks people will relish getting to know Chaz better , and hopes that by the September 19 premiere , this will be a non-issue . "  We 're not going to be making a huge amount of issue out of people 's sexuality , " he said . "  We never have on the show . " This , of course , was a fluke . It was totally a theme night . See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Cher has taken to Twitter to defend Bono 's decision to join "  Dancing With the Stars " "  Thanks for all your support mom , " Bono tweeted Bono is the series ' first transgendered contestant
CNN  -- It 's hard not to become distressed , when I 'm carefully following the situation in Yemen since violence got worse . It 's even more troublesome not to become distressed thinking that there is a bleak future waiting for Yemen . The fight by the security forces against unarmed protesters is indeed inhuman . More than 2,000 protesters have been murdered and more than 8,000 wounded by security forces across Yemen . Admittedly , the uprising has a long way to go but one of its great merits so far is the exceptional participation of women . I have been astonished by the growing numbers of female protesters as the uprising has proceeded . It started with just a few women ; then day after day the number multiplied . Thousands of female protesters have been actively participating in demonstrations across the country since February 2011 . Female doctors have been playing an important role treating wounded protesters and female activists have been running seminars on political issues . Mr Saleh 's  Yemen 's current president  security forces arrested four female doctors on 19 April 2011 , while the doctors were marching along with a peaceful demonstration to provide medical help if needed . The female doctors were released after a huge condemnation and pressure from protesters . Even female protesters were not immune from the savage killing by pro-government thugs . On the 16 October 2011 , I was saddened to see a female protester being shot dead by a thug 's bullets . Aziza Othman was murdered in Taiz during an attack at a peaceful and unarmed protest by women . A very important recognition of women 's participation in Yemen 's uprising is the Nobel Peace Prize awarded to Tawakkol Karman , one of the leading pro-democracy figures in Yemen . I believe that there are several motives behind this amazing participation by women -- I myself joined the protests and rallies because I want to build and improve my country . I wanted it to be a double revolution ; a political one to topple President Saleh and a feminist one to ensure that women have equal rights in what Yemenis hope will be a new Yemen . It was a double political statement : First , that women have as much right to call for democracy as men , and an indirect message to lift gender apartheid . Indeed , it 's been hard to be a woman in Yemen . A woman 's gender , by default , deprives her of rights enjoyed by men . Women in Yemen have been always marginalized in law . As in many developing countries , women in Yemen suffer from limited access to healthcare , economic opportunities and education . I remember vividly attending a seminar in Sana'a by Amal al-Basha , one of the leading feminist and human rights activists in Yemen and founder of The Arab Sisters Forum for Human Rights in in March this year . I asked her , "  Do you think that the uprising will serve women 's rights ? " "  We have been dealing with a state system that marginalised women for over three decades ; unfairly snatching their rights , " she said . "  Women in Yemen have only a restrained degree of legal protection in regard to family matters such as marriage , divorce and inheritance . "  Many women in Yemen are forced to get married when they are still children . This corrupt system means women in Yemen have one of the highest maternal mortality rates in the world . Seven women are raped every month in Yemen , with no concrete punishment from the state for rapists . "  Women in Yemen also suffer from illiteracy . The current system provides a relatively low degree of protection for women 's physical integrity . "  There are no laws against domestic violence and the law does not recognize the concept of spousal rape . There is zero observation and accountability by the government to ban the practice of female genital mutilation . How can women not call for change ! Of course the uprising will serve women 's rights , " she told me . In a nutshell , the participation of women in the uprising has huge merit . What women have done so far embodies their civil and political liberty . Bearing in mind that freedom for women in Yemen is usually subject to numerous limitations ; their participation in the uprising is extraordinary . What they are doing is really a protest against socio-political norms that have always limited their freedoms .	Afrah Nasser is a Yemeni journalist and blogger currently living in Sweden She says she is astonished by the role of women in Yemen 's anti-government protests Nasser hopes the uprising will lead to greater gender equality
CNN  -- Presidents need a break . Really . President Bush , shown playing horseshoes in 2004 , also enjoys mountain biking . In long days scheduled in 15-minute increments , presidents are asked to make decisions affecting millions -- sometimes life-or-death decisions . "  When you get to the Oval Office , there are no easy decisions , " says Kenneth Duberstein , who was chief of staff to President Ronald Reagan . "  Any decision that reaches the president 's desk is a close call . It 's not black and white . It 's shades of gray . " Presidents work best when they take regular respites from the burdens of the presidency , according to Duberstein and other White House insiders from the Nixon presidency through the current administration . "  The time off at the ranch or at Camp David was more than an escape , " Duberstein says . "  It was good for his physical and mental well-being . " "  The daily routine of a president is really grueling , " says Ron Nessen , press secretary to President Gerald Ford . "  It 's hard to get thinking time . Ford talked about how when he was swimming laps , it gave him time to think about things . " See what presidents have enjoyed doing in their free time " Anecdotal evidence from the previous seven administrations jibes with research into decision making . Keith Sawyer , a professor of psychology , education and business at Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri , says good ideas come from a combination of hard work and down time . "  Creativity researchers have discovered that there is a cycle . It is very difficult to have a good idea when you 're working all out . It typically happens when you take time away , " says Sawyer , author of "  Group Genius : The Creative Power of Collaboration . " "  The unconscious mind is really good at bouncing different ideas together , " he says . "  That 's where creative insight comes from . When you 're working hard , you 're basically blocking the unconscious mind from doing that work . " No wonder then , that the most recent presidents have turned to sports as a diversion from what 's been called the toughest job in the world . Presidents have enjoyed mountain biking  George W. Bush  , golf  Bill Clinton , Ford , Dwight D. Eisenhower  , tennis  Ford , Jimmy Carter , George H.W. Bush  , jogging  Clinton , Carter and both Bushes  , swimming  Ford  , bowling  Richard Nixon  , horseshoes  George H.W. Bush  and horseback riding  Reagan  . "  Exercise was a huge part of his life , " says Jody Powell , Carter 's press secretary . "  He enjoyed tennis very much . He ran just about every day . " To blow off steam , Clinton would go to the putting green outside the White House . "  Everyone knew to leave him alone , " says Clinton press secretary Joe Lockhart . "  It had to be a national security crisis to go out and interrupt him . " Even presidents who were not particularly athletic made a point of taking a break . Coming this weekend : Fit to Lead " President Nixon had an office with a comfortable sofa in the Old Executive Office Building  now the Eisenhower Executive Office Building  , next door to the White House , says John Dean , former White House counsel . "  He would go over there and stretch out and get a couple hours reading or taking a nap if he was inclined , and that was built into the schedule , " Dean says . Early in his administration , Clinton worked too hard and his decision making suffered as a result , according to Lockhart . "  The first term , particularly the first couple of years , the president kind of set his own schedule and he worked from very early in the morning until very late at night . And he wore himself out , and I would argue , his decision-making ability was not nearly as good as it was in his second term , " Lockhart says . When Ford came down with the flu , he was forced to take four days in the residence . "  His workload was cut way back so he had more time to think , and he came back and decided to make some major , major changes to his staff , " Nessen says . An avid runner , mountain biker and fisherman , "  President Bush is good at finding ways to separate -LSB- from the job -RSB- , " says Ari Fleischer , his former press secretary . "  But even so , you never have an uninterrupted day as president . Every day , you have a National Security Council meeting . Every day you get interrupted by an intelligence briefing . " No matter how the president chooses to unwind , the enormous burdens of the job are never far away . "  Even in moments when you 're physically trying to relax in whatever outlet you have , you have a member of the military within 15 feet with nuclear codes , " Lockhart said . "  That kind of takes the fun out of whatever sport you 're into . "	Experts : Presidents work best when they take regular breaks from the job Press secretary : When Clinton worked too hard , decision-making suffered Ford said he could think about things while swimming , his press secretary says
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- A judge on Tuesday granted a defense request to delay the Article 32 hearing of Maj. Nidal Hasan , the Army psychiatrist accused of killing 13 people in a November shooting spree at Fort Hood , Texas , until October . Hasan made his first courtroom appearance in connection with the case Tuesday . The hearing was the first part of an Article 32 hearing , the military procedure similar to a civilian grand jury , for the case being built against him by the Army . Hasan uses a wheelchair after gunshot wounds he sustained in the November 5 incident . He wheeled himself into the courtroom , wearing his Army fatigues . He wrapped himself in a blanket during the hearing . Hasan offered short answers to questions posed by the judge , Investigating Officer Col. James Pohl . Asked whom he wanted to represent him , he named his three attorneys . Hasan appeared calm throughout the proceeding , at one point cracking a smile while speaking with his attorney . Security for the hearing was tight , with nearby streets blocked off and bomb-sniffing dogs present . Reporters went through two layers of security . The only people present at the hearing besides the media were legal assistants . Most of the hearing revolved around evidence Hasan 's attorneys have asked for in the discovery process , the routine practice that is part of every criminal case , be it civilian or military . Hasan 's lead civilian attorney , John Galligan , a retired colonel with three decades of experience as an Army lawyer , has asked for everything from DNA test results to crime scene video to copies of investigations of the shooting ordered by President Barack Obama . Last week , the Army delivered 2,000 pages of documents to Galligan , but many of the items he requested are still not available to the defense team , Galligan said . For example , dozens of shots were fired that day on the sprawling Army base in central Texas . Galligan asked for "  records of the measured angle of each trajectory , showing the trajectory from each bullet hole to the shooter 's position . " The Army said in a court document filed in response , "  There are no documents of files of items responsive to the defense request at this time . " Galligan also has asked for all e-mails between Hasan and Yemeni-American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki . Prosecutors agreed Tuesday to release them to the defense . Defense attorneys also are requesting some classified documents . Prosecutors said Tuesday they are in the process of attempting to de-classify them . Pohl granted defense attorneys ' request for the delay , although prosecutors said they would be ready to present evidence at the Article 32 hearing in July . Galligan 's request makes clear that his defense case will delve into what happened before November 5 . Hasan 's lawyer has asked for reports of inappropriate or substandard work by Hasan while he was training at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington . Unlike a civilian grand jury hearing , Article 32 hearings involve both the prosecution and the defense , and witnesses are questioned by both sides . Galligan earlier told CNN that since the entire defense legal team , which includes Galligan and two military lawyers , has only met with Hasan once , the team needs more time to help build a case for him . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Judge delays Article 32 hearing for Maj. Nidal Hasan until October Hasan makes first courtroom appearance Tuesday He is accused of killing 13 people in shooting spree at Fort Hood , Texas , in November Article 32 hearing is military equivalent to civilian grand jury
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Shazia knows what she sees when she looks in the mirror : a woman , feminine , delicate , attracted to beauty . But when others look at Shazia they see something else : a misfit . Shazia dances for the cameras at a party . "  People start staring at me in such a manner as if an animal from the jungle has come into the city . " Shazia says . Shazia belongs to Pakistan 's community of eunuchs . It is a term here that loosely refers to transsexuals , transvestites or hermaphrodites , like Shazia , who are born with both male and female sex organs . For Shazia what nature created , has made a life of hell . "  I get so confused . I feel very strange that Allah could have made me a boy , or he could have made me a girl , but this way , neither boy nor girl . This life is very strange . It is a bad life , " Shazia said . "  I do not want to accept this life . Had it been legal to commit suicide I would have done it . " When she was a child , Shazia said she had no doubt that she felt more a girl than a boy . Watch Shazia handle stares from men " "  When I used to go to school there used to be benches for boys on one side and girls on the other ; my teacher always made me sit with the girls . " she said . Shazia left home when she was in her early teens . She said it was to save her family embarrassment and shame . Like other eunuchs in Pakistan , she has lived in colonies . They are often shunned by their families and forced to make a living by begging or as prostitutes . The colonies can be brutal places , where young people are often beaten and exploited . When Shazia was 17 , she says she was drugged and the head of the colony performed brutal surgery severing Shazia 's penis . But Shazia has survived the taunts , the humiliation and the savagery ; now she is fighting back . Shazia has formed an action group and is campaigning for eunuchs like her to get proper recognition . Right now her state identity card lists her as a male . She wants to be counted as a whole person . Shazia has found a champion , human rights lawyer , Muhammad Aslan Khaki . Dr. Khaki presented a petition to the Supreme Court , leading to the first register of eunuchs in Pakistan . The court has ordered Pakistan 's government departments to carry out a survey and recommend measures to fully integrate eunuchs into society without prejudice . In earlier centuries eunuchs were seen as having the power to bring good luck . For Shazia and others , their luck may finally be changing .	Pakistan 's eunuch community campaigns for proper recognition In Pakistan the term covers transsexuals , transvestites , hermaphrodites Shazia , a hermaphrodite , tells how her penis was removed at 17 She says she feels she is a woman , but her identity card calls her male
CNN  -- For video game junkies , blockbuster titles like Cold War-era shooter "  Call of Duty : Black Ops " and post-apocalyptic role-player "  Fallout : New Vegas " make 2010 a hard act to follow . But 2011 is shaping up to be a pretty good year for games , too . From jaw-dropping shooter "  Rage " to animated fighting game "  Marvel vs. Capcom 3 , " there are many promising releases coming in the months ahead . Here 's a look at some games to look forward to this year . The impending deluge begins this month -- traditionally a slow period for new releases -- with the combination platform-hopping , game-building "  LittleBigPlanet 2 , " which lets you create and share new levels or challenges . Also arriving in January is sci-fi horror epic "  Dead Space 2 , " which forces space cadets to survive a maze of high-tech corridors crawling with misshapen monsters . Hybrid puzzle and arcade game "  Lost in Shadow , " wherein players manipulate illuminated objects to make shadows take on new angles and forms , will also make its debut . February will bring "  Portal 2 , " a puzzle game that demands you solve challenges by teleporting items and individuals between locations . Like "  Angry Birds , " the game allows fans to casually experiment with physics . Over-the-top , first-person shooter "  Bulletstorm , " a tongue-in-cheek , hyper-macho run-n-gun outing that offers numerous ways to creatively off opponents , will hit stores shortly thereafter . Also coming next month is "  Blade Runner " homage "  Deus Ex : Human Revolution , " which lets you solve a futuristic global conspiracy through stealth , combat , hacking or the use of mechanical limbs . Ditto for "  Killzone 3 , " a stunning sci-fi shooter game that promises to demonstrate how powerful the PlayStation 3 can be with its 3-D TV-ready effects and support for motion controls . Fast forward to March , and we get the long-awaited "  Mortal Kombat " fighting game series reboot , as well as sci-fi run-n-gun extravaganza "  Crysis 2 , " which hopes to raise the bar for graphic fidelity . "  Dragon Age II , " a sequel to the grim and gritty fantasy epic , will make a violent appearance as well . Massively multiplayer online sword and sorcery tale "  Final Fantasy XIV " is expected to be released on PlayStation 3 , joining its already-released PC cousin . Actual launch dates become murkier further out , but upcoming titles for the rest of the year appear no less intriguing . Fans of stealth action can look forward to "  Metal Gear Solid Rising " and "  Batman : Arkham City , " a sequel to the best-selling superhero action-adventure "  Batman : Arkham Asylum . " Those who prefer a good mystery have "  L.A. Noire . " Epic firefights abound in "  SOCOM 4 : U.S. Navy SEALs , " "  Duke Nukem Forever , " and "  Gears of War 3 . " Sports enthusiasts will enjoy completely new spins on familiar pastimes in "  Mario Sports Mix " and "  NASCAR : The Game 2011 . " There are even a few hidden treasures for the role-playing crowd in "  Hunted : Demon 's Forge " and "  Dungeon Siege III . " It all adds up to a potential banner year for console and PC game releases . You might consider putting some holiday money aside for later in 2011 , when the real gifts arrive .	With such titles as "  Dead Space 2 " and a "  Mortal Kombat " reboot , 2011 will be a good year Toolkit for "  LittleBigPlanet 2 " lets you create and share new levels or challenges Those who prefer a good mystery have "  L.A. Noire " and "  Deus Ex : Human Revolution " Sports enthusiasts will enjoy completely new spins on familiar pastimes
CNN  -- Israel reached the Davis Cup quarterfinals for the first time since 1987 after a dramatic 3-2 victory over Sweden staged behind closed doors and against a background of violent demonstrations in Malmo . Swedish riot police face an anti-Israeli demo outside the Baltic Arena in Malmo where a Davis Cup tie took place . Dozens of protesters clashed with police outside the Baltic Arena at the weekend as violence erupted on the sidelines of an authorised demonstration of some 10,000 people against Israel 's recent offensive in Gaza . Israel 's next tie is at home to Russia in July after Harel Levy held his nerve to defeat Andreas Vinciguerra 6-4 4-6 6-4 3-6 8-6 in just over three and a half hours after Israel began the final day of the World Group first round tie 2-1 down . Earlier Dudi Sela also needed five sets to fire Israel onto the comeback trail with a 3-6 6-1 4-6 6-4 6-2 success over Thomas Johansson against an eerie background after Malmo city council refused to allow spectators because of security fears . World number one Rafael Nadal clinched a 4-1 win for holders Spain against Serbia when he defeated Novak Djokovic 6-4 6-4 6-1 on Benidorm 's clay court . Spain now have a home date with Germany who edged Austria 3-2 thanks to Nicolas Kiefer defeating Jurgen Melzer 7-6 6-4 6-4 in the first of Sunday 's singles . Andy Roddick delivered the decisive point as the United States wrapped up a 4-1 victory over Switzerland at Birmingham , Alabama . Victory sent the 32-time winners America into a quarterfinal away to the 2005 champions Croatia in July -- the weekend after Wimbledon - with the Europeans holding a 2-0 record in the series . With the U.S. taking a 2-1 lead into the final day of action , Roddick hammered out a 6-4 6-4 6-2 victory over Stanislas Wawrinka in Sunday 's first reverse singles . Croatia whitewashed Chile 5-0 at Porec with Mario Ancic and Marin Cilic doing the damage , Radek Stepanek sent the Czech Republic into a last eight meeting with Argentina , beating top ten player Gilles Simon 7-6 6-3 7-6 as France suffered their first opening round defeat for nine years . Argentina demolished the Dutch 5-0 . Russia travel to Israel courtesy of a 4-1 win over Romania at Sibiu where Dmitry Tursunov tied up the outcome by beating Victor Hanescu 4-6 5-7 6-3 6-4 6-2 .	Israel reach the Davis Cup quarterfinals for the first time since 1987 in Malmo Dramatic 3-2 victory staged behind closed doors because of security fears Holders Spain and beaten finalists Argentina also progress to the last eight
CNN  -- While the Olympic Games in London steals the world 's attention , over 5,000 miles away another global event born from the same ideal of cultural exchange and peaceful rivalry is entering the home stretch . Rather than competition , Expo 2012 in the city of Yeosu , South Korea , is the latest incarnation of an event that officially is meant to foster international understanding ; unofficially it is used for national promotion , boosting trade and providing networking opportunities . Of the approximately 4 million visitors that will have wandered through the transformed cement port and industrial site before it closes on August 12 , most will have been there to enjoy the pavilions hosting interactive displays on ocean conservation and marine exploration -- the theme of this year 's event . But a small but notable minority will not have been there to watch the shows . For them it provides a number of chances to broker deals and reach new contacts where 104 countries can be reached in a day . "  It 's government relations really , " said Stine L. Guldmann , director of the Denmark pavilion . "  South Korea is quite important to Denmark . It 's an opportunity to brand your country both in a tourism way but also attract skillful people or showcase our abilities . " Denmark 's pavilion is funded by a mix of public and private money , including some Danish companies at the forefront of the renewable energy industry . Lego bricks are on hand to attract the visitors and keep them entertained , but a backroom for more grown-up meetings is regularly used . "  There has to be a reason for them both  government and private companies  to be here and spend money on it , " said Guldmann . "  It 's a success if our private partners are happy with their participation and our political relations are very strong . " The basic principle of Expos is non-commercial and educational , according to the Bureau International des Expositions  BIE  , the organizing body that was founded in 1928 . Yet that has not prevented a strong presence from the commercial sector , with a large part of the Yeosu site devoted to temporary pavilions from South Korea 's biggest corporations , some of which were built at a cost of more than $ 1million . "  Expos do n't provide concrete benefits for companies , " says Lee Joon-hee , Commissioner for Expo 2012 . "  But is it still relevant ... the evidence of why they are still relevant is that a lot of companies and countries want to host Expos . " Participant countries have different reasons to be in Yeosu . Qatar and the U.S , with strong trade and diplomatic ties to South Korea , respectively , have been two of the more popular pavilions . Earlier this year a 20-year deal for Qatar to supply South Korea with natural gas was signed between the two countries , but pavilion manager Mona Sulaiti was keen to stress that the reason for their participation at event "  is about people , not business relationships . " Andrew Snowhite , CEO of the U.S. Pavilion , believes the event is unique in its scope and potential . "  It 's the only place where you can create something that has a critical mass around it ; it 's a very large event . It 's a big tourism opportunity for some , for others it 's about trade , " he said . For developing countries like Angola , participation is a way to draw attention to a little known country , either as a holiday destination or potential trading partner . "  We do n't see it as being old fashioned , " said Claudia Santana of Angola 's pavilion . "  We are building our country since 2002 ... if you search for an official tourism website in Angola you ca n't find it , so we have to find other ways to show our country . There 's a lot of work ahead for our country and this is part of it . " For all the fostering of relationships and networking over glasses of sweet tea or Lego , ultimately the biggest tangible benefit of the event goes to Yeosu itself . The city is little known by people within South Korea let alone internationally , but around $ 2billion spent on operations and facilities from the government , BIE and private investors has completely transformed it . "  This area is relatively backwards and needs a boost , " said Lee Joon-hee , saying it is part of a larger project to develop South Korea 's southern "  Sun Belt " . "  It will put Yeosu on the map . We have big ambitions to be a famous marine resort area . " Yeosu 's infrastructure has been upgraded , with new , marble-smooth roads cutting through the lush hillsides and along the coast , while the train to the capital Seoul now takes half the time it used to . While it is still undecided what will happen to most of the Expo site when it closes -- conference centers and shopping malls have been mooted -- and tourism to the region develops , there will be an immediate beneficiary of the improved infrastructure : the petrochemical industry . Just a few miles from the Expo is one of South Korea 's biggest industrial complexes that dwarfs the Expo site and is the area 's largest industry . "  For the moment we just want domestic development , " says Lee , "  Secondary is marine resort development . "	Expo 2012 in South Korea an unofficial business and development opportunity Officially event is meant to foster international understanding and cooperation Chance for interaction between governments and corporations $ 2bn invested in area hosting the event in southern South Korea
CNN  -- Increased militarization in Mexico , Honduras and Guatemala has created more insecurity , especially for women , a report spearheaded by two Nobel laureates found . "  The war on drugs ... has become a war on women , " Nobel Peace Prize laureates Jody Williams and Rigoberta Menchu wrote in the report , based on a 10-day fact-finding mission . "  Efforts to improve ` security ' have only led to greater militarization , rampant corruption and abuse within police forces and an erosion of rule of law . " After consulting with presidents , high-ranking officials , human rights activists and others , the team compiled statistics to illustrate the problem . In Honduras , for instance , the homicide rate for women has been increasing four times faster than that of men , said Gilda Rivera , of the Center for Women 's Rights in that country . The report says violence against women has become a crisis . Rivera called it an epidemic . In the three countries studied , the respective governments are facing a national security threat from drug cartels . To wrest control from the encroaching drug cartels and to protect citizens , these countries have responded with a strong hand . Most are familiar with Mexico 's case , in which nearly 50,000 have been killed in drug cartel-related violence since 2006 . More recently , Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina was elected in part because of his promises of a strong response to the violence . The report argues that instead of providing safety , the additional troops and police on the streets are having the opposite effect : committing abuses and stirring up more violence . "  Increasing militarization and police repression under the guise of the war on drugs has led to more violence overall and more frequent attacks on women , who lead efforts to protect their communities against threats to their lands and natural resources , and protest military and police abuses , " the report states . A segment of the militarized approach , the report notes , comes from U.S. aid . The report found that femicides increased by 257 % in Honduras from 2002 to 2010 , a period that saw a doubling of U.S. money for military and police . Using the start of Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's term as a benchmark , the report says femicides there rose 40 % since 2006 . In Guatemala , 685 women were killed in 2010 , compared with 213 in 2000 , the report states . In that time , security aid to Guatemala increased threefold , the report found . In all , the team spoke with more than 200 female survivors who shared their stories . The authors say they found another disturbing pattern : Most of the crimes against women in these countries are carried out with impunity . "  The mounting crimes of extreme violence and targeted repression against women remain largely uninvestigated , unsolved and unpunished , due to fragile state institutions , deep flaws in the political and justice systems of these countries and a lack of political will to reform policies and institutions that implicitly condone them , " the report says . The authors highlighted the May 11 case of four civilians killed by Honduran police on a helicopter who mistook them them for drug traffickers . Two of the victims were pregnant women . The DEA was aiding the police , though the agency says it did so only in a supporting role . "  I am horrified , but the truth is , this happens over and over again to women in the region , " Williams said . The report was a collaboration between the Nobel Women 's Initiative and Just Associates .	Jody Williams and Rigoberta Menchu led fact-finding trip to Mexico , Honduras , Guatemala Violence against women has increased in all three , they say It comes at a time of increased militarization against security concerns
London  CNN  -- It 's not every day a queen plays a Bond girl . But for the opening of the London Olympic Games last summer , Queen Elizabeth II did just that , in a cameo alongside Daniel Craig as James Bond . With that and decades of support for British film and TV in mind , she was presented Thursday with an honorary BAFTA . British Academy of Film and Television Arts chairman John Willis joked that she was "  the most memorable Bond girl yet . " Actor Kenneth Branagh , himself a BAFTA winner , presented the award at a star-studded reception at Windsor Castle . BAFTA said it was "  in recognition of her outstanding patronage of the film and television industries " in the course of her 60-year reign . Over the years , the queen "  has visited countless film and television organisations , supporting their efforts by shining a light on the work they do , " BAFTA said . Her husband , Prince Philip , was appointed as the first BAFTA president in 1959 , and other members of the royal family have served in the role since . Prince William , the queen 's grandson , took up the role of president in 2010 .	Queen Elizabeth 's support for British film and television is recognized with an award The queen is described as "  the most memorable Bond girl yet " for a cameo last year She appeared with actor Daniel Craig , as James Bond , for the Olympics opening ceremony The queen was given the award at a Windsor Castle reception by actor Kenneth Branagh
Kingston , Ontario  CNN  -- A Canadian jury Sunday convicted three members of a family of Afghan immigrants of the "  honor " murders of four female relatives whose bodies were found in an Ontario canal . Mohammed Shafia , 58 ; his wife , Tooba Mohammad Yahya , 42 ; and their son , Hamed , 21 , were found guilty of first-degree murder in the deaths of Shafia 's three teenage daughters and his first wife in his polygamous marriage . Sunday 's verdicts followed a three-month trial , in which jurors heard wiretaps of Shafia referring to his daughters as "  whores " and ranting about their behavior . All three were sentenced to life in prison immediately after their convictions , with no chance of parole for 25 years . "  This is a good day for Canadian justice . Our democratic society protects the rights of all , " Gerard Laarhuis , the chief prosecutor in the case , told reporters outside the courthouse in Kingston . "  It 's a very bad day , because this jury found that four strong , vivacious and freedom-loving women were murdered by their own family . " At least one Shafia family supporter interrupted Laarhuis with shouts of "  lies " and called the verdict a "  miscarriage of justice . " But others cheered the verdict as Laarhuis continued . The three Shafia sisters -- Zainab , 19 , Sahar , 17 , and Geeti , 13 -- were found dead inside a car that plunged into the Rideau Canal in Kingston on June 30 , 2009 . Shafia 's first wife , 50-year-old Rona Amir Mohammad , also died . The verdicts came on the second day of deliberations for a seven-woman , five-man jury in Kingston , about 280 km  175 miles  west of the family 's home in Montreal . There was no immediate comment from defense attorneys . Prosecutors said the girls ' father , mother and brother all plotted to kill the four women in an "  honor " murder . Investigators claimed that hours of wiretapped conversations reveal a premeditated plan to punish rebellious , Westernized daughters and their permissive advocate , Rona . Shafia and Yahya admitted on the stand that they were upset with Zainab for running off to marry a Pakistani man they hated , that Sahar wore revealing clothes and had secret boyfriends , and Geeti was failing in school and calling social workers to get her out of a home in turmoil . Prosecutors argued that under instructions from his father , Hamed Shafia used the family Lexus to ram the other family car carrying the women into the canal . The shattered headlight on the Lexus , they claim , matches the damage on the rear bumper of the family Nissan in which the women were found dead . Investigators also believed the victims might have died before they hit the water , because they were unable to escape despite their seat belts being unbuckled and the car being submerged in just 7 feet of water . In the three-month-long trial , Shafia testified , "  My children did a lot of cruelty toward me , " as he wept openly on the stand . He went on to say he believed his children "  betrayed " him by dating and he did not hide his anger , saying a father would never expect that kind of behavior from this daughters . In taking the stand , Shafia swore to tell the truth on the Quran and he again invoked the holy book to say Islam does not condone killing people to preserve a family 's honor . In a direct response to a question from prosecutor Laurie Lacelle , Shafia said , "  To kill someone , you ca n't regain your respect and honor . Respected lady , you should know that . In our religion , a person who kills his wife or daughter , there is nothing more dishonorable . How is it possible that someone would do that to their children , respected lady ? " "  You might do it , " Lacelle calmly replied , "  if you thought they were whores . " Shafia had used that term in a conversation captured by wiretaps . Investigators played hours of the wiretap recordings in court , alleging many conversations involving the three suspects prove they were plotting murder . In some of the most shocking conversations , Shafia launched into a rant about his daughters ' behavior . "  I say to myself , ` You did well . Would they come back to life a hundred times , you should so the same again , ' " he says . And in another played in court and translated from the Afghan language Dari , he says , "  May the devil defecate on their graves ! This is what a daughter should be ? Would a daughter be such a whore ? " Shafia and his lawyers tried to explain that his shocking words are traditional expressions in Dari that should not be translated literally . But the jury also heard from an expert witness on honor murders -- a term CNN is using in the interest of clarity rather than the more common "  honor killings " because the latter phrase does not properly describe the alleged crime . That witness , University of Toronto professor Shahrzad Mojab , said that in some families , honor is worth more than life . In an interview with CNN , Mojab said that many times , honor crimes are calculated acts that involve more than one family member . "  There is a very important difference between honor killing and violence against women in the form of domestic violence . It is plotted , it is premeditated . " Mojab said . "  What we need to understand is that the male power and the male desire for the control of the woman 's body and the woman 's sexuality -- the honor resides in that sort of understanding and the ownership of women 's body and sexuality , " he said . "  So when that is being presented in a way that is not acceptable to the social norm , then the only way the honor can be restored is by purifying that . And the purification is through blood . "	NEW : The defendants were sentenced to life in prison following the verdict Shafia family guilty of Ontario "  honor murders " Three sisters and Shafia 's first wife were found dead in a car that plunged into a canal Investigators : Wiretapped conversations reveal a premeditated plan
CNN  -- At times it was almost painful to watch . At one end of the court the world 's No. 1 female tennis star playing well within herself ; at the other her sister , a long way away from regaining that form and status . "  Venus has had a great week , and honestly , if she had n't had to play so many matches , it would have been a much tougher match , " Serena Williams said after comfortably beating her older sibling on Saturday to reach the final of the Family Circle Cup in Charleston . The 31-year-old was slightly overstating the rigors of the competition in South Carolina , a tournament that heralded the formation of the women 's tour back in 1973 but has this week attracted just two of the world 's top-10 players . Serena is one , and the other -- 10th-ranked Caroline Wozniacki -- crashed out in the quarterfinals on Friday against Swiss No. 63 Stefanie Vogele . Both Williams sisters won two matches on Friday to set up their first meeting since 2009 , but it was defending champion Serena who looked the least affected as she won 6-1 6-2 in just 54 minutes . "  She 'll never admit it , but I do n't think she was 100 % , " Serena said of her sister , who was diagnosed with a debilitating autoimmune disease before the 2011 U.S. Open -- a grand slam she has won twice , along with her five Wimbledons . "  But you will never get that out of her . And quite frankly , three matches for her is much tougher than three matches for me . It 's definitely not easy -- because I 'm struggling , and I ca n't imagine what she must be feeling . " Venus , seeded fifth this week and ranked 24th , brushed off suggestions that her health issues had hindered her . "  I felt pretty good actually -- it would have been nicer to have more space between the matches , but it did not work out , " the 32-year-old American said . "  But I played under the same circumstances as everyone else , at least in the top half of the draw . "  I had a chance to win the match . We both had rackets . But I did n't take advantage of my chances . I was controlling the points , but then I would miss . "  I have to improve my game . I have to get in these situations more often . I 've been off balance for a long time ; I 'm trying to regain my balance . " Serena extended her career record over Venus to 14-10 , and has now won 70 of her past 74 matches as she seeks to win the tournament -- played on green clay -- for the third time . "  I love playing on this court , " said Williams , whose only defeat in her past 22 games on clay came in the first round of last year 's French Open . "  I love this tournament . I think it 's a good clay court . "  Sometimes you play on certain clay courts and they 're not good , and they 're funny , and you ca n't really slide , or it 's just weird . But this one is a really good one , particularly the last two years . " She will next face former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic , who ended Vogele 's dream run with a hard-fought victory . The Serbian ninth seed , ranked 18th , triumphed 6-4 6-7  6-8  6-2 in two hours eight minutes . Jankovic also reached the semifinals in Miami last week before losing to Maria Sharapova , who Williams beat in the final for her record sixth title at Key Biscayne . Meanwhile , in the men 's Davis Cup teams competition , the titleholding Czech Republic missed the chance to wrap up a semifinal place after losing in Saturday 's doubles against Kazakhstan . Andrey Golubev and Yuriy Schukin beat Jan Hajek and Radek Stepanek 7-6  7-2  6-4 6-3 to reduce the deficit to 2-1 and give the hosts hope ahead of Sunday 's reverse singles in Astana . Argentina took a 2-1 lead at home to France , as David Nalbandian and Horacio Zeballos defeated Julien Benneteau and Michael Llodra 3-6 7-6  7-3  7-5 6-3 in Buenos Aires .	Serena Williams beats older sister Venus to reach Family Circle Cup final World No. 1 triumphs in less than an hour as she continues title defense Williams will next play former top-ranked player Jelena Jankovic Davis Cup champions Czech Republic lose doubles in Kazakhstan
CNN  -- Three of the best-loved leaders in the history of the Roman Catholic church will be united this weekend when Pope Francis makes his predecessors , Pope John XXIII and Pope John Paul II , saints in a special ceremony in St Peter 's Square . The two canonization candidates share an improbable path to sainthood : they both rose from very humble beginnings to lead the Roman Catholic church . John XXIII  1881-1963  -- known as Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli before he became Pope -- was one of 13 children born into a family of Italian peasants , farmers from a tiny village in the country 's north , before being sent away to study for the priesthood at the age of 11 . John Paul II  1920-2005  , born Karol Jozef Wojtyla , was brought up in a grimy industrial town in Poland and raised by his soldier father after his mother died when he was just eight . He spent his formative years living under first Nazis , then Communists . For both boys , the church offered a way out -- and up . "  Roman Catholicism , unlike temporal power , has been one of the most effective social elevators on this planet , " says church historian Alberto Melloni , "  taking people from the most humble positions and bringing them to the top . " Vatican analyst Robert Mickens says the pair 's poor backgrounds gave them a "  pastoral sense " which was key to their success in the church -- and which goes some way to explaining their huge popularity . "  They did not come from noble families either one of them , -LSB- but from -RSB- working class families and I think they also were two people who had a real sense of humanity . " The pair also turned out to be leaders with unforeseen qualities . John XXIII , already 76 when he was elected pope after a long career as a priest , professor and Vatican diplomat , had been expected to serve merely as a "  papa di passaggio , " or interim , caretaker Pope . But instead , 100 days into his reign he took the surprising -- and courageous -- decision to try to shake up the church , calling for the Second Vatican Council  better known as Vatican II  , which he hoped would modernize Roman Catholicism , bring unity and improve its relations with other faiths . John Paul II , once an actor , had a presence before the cameras that enthralled millions of Catholics young and old as he evangelized to the far ends of the earth . It 's not what he might have expected , growing up under not one but two dictatorial regimes . Both men were much loved by the Catholic faithful -- in their final days , masses were held for them around the globe , while thousands of people crowded into St Peter 's Square to offer prayers . When John XXIII 's death was announced , the crowds wept for "  Il Papa Buono "  "  The Good Pope "  ; more than 40 years later , when John Paul II died , thousands cried "  santo subito ! "  "  Make him a Saint now ! "  . It did n't happen right away , but John Paul II 's canonization did come sooner than tradition would usually dictate . For John XXIII also , the rules have been changed ; he is credited with just one miracle , rather than the two which would usually be required for him to "  qualify " as a saint . The pair 's double canonization is unprecedented : it will be the first time two Popes have been made saints on the same day . Experts say that in recognizing the two men together , Francis may be looking to heal a long-term rift in the church , dating back to Vatican II , that ground-breaking conference of church leaders set up by John XXIII . Karol Wojtyla -- who was to become John Paul II , but back then was simply a young bishop -- was at those meetings . He argued against John XXIII 's planned "  aggiornamento "  "  updating "  and was in favor of keeping with tradition . The modernizing Pope -- already gravely ill when the meetings began -- died before the event could reach the conclusion he had hoped for . The splits have remained ever since . Cardinal Paul Poupard , former president of the Pontifical Council for Inter-religious Dialogue , who knew both men , says Pope Francis is hoping to repair that rift by canonizing the two men who have come to represent the two opposing views . "  The pope is going to bring together in one ceremony the father of the council and -LSB- the one -RSB- who put it into action , " he explains . For Cardinal Walter Kasper , former president of the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity , the double canonization is a sign of the church 's future direction . "  It 's official recognition that these were good popes and we will follow their steps now , " he says .	Pope John XXIII and Pope John Paul II to be made saints in special ceremony Pair -- and Pope Francis , who will canonize them -- are three most popular pontiffs John XXIII and John Paul II both came from humble backgrounds Commentators say Francis may be looking to heal rift within church
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of Pakistanis ended their sit-in in central Islamabad late Thursday night after their leader , Muslim cleric Tahir ul Qadri , convinced Pakistan 's government to dissolve the National Assembly and set new elections . The cleric had repeatedly called for the government to be dissolved and replaced by a caretaker administration , with input from the judiciary and military . Qadri , who convoyed into town with thousands of followers on Monday , reached the deal with a 10-man delegation from the governing coalition after five-hour negotiations in a bulletproof shipping container . After Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf signed off of the agreement , Qadri praised his supporters , including women and children , who braved frigid winter rains for their cause . "  In the history of Islamabad , such a sea of people , patient and driven and united , has never been seen " said Qadri , addressing the crowd outside his container . "  You are victorious , and your sacrifices were worth it in the end . " The agreement , named the "  Islamabad Long March Declaration , " contains five main points : First , the National Assembly must dissolve by March 16 , so elections can take place within 90 days . Second , Qadri 's Pakistan Awami Tehreek party will be able to propose two potential candidates for the caretaker prime minister post . Third , a meeting has been scheduled for January 27 to put together a national election commission . Fourth , there will be a focus on electoral reforms , including ensuring "  free , fair , just and honest elections guarded against all corrupt practices . " And finally , the government agreed not to pursue vendettas against any participants in Qadri 's march or sit-in . The crowds that had paralyzed downtown Islamabad since Sunday began to disperse after Qadri 's declaration of victory . He assured his supporters that transportation for their return home had been arranged and would be free of cost . The cleric began his protest movement last month in the eastern city of Karachi after returning from years of self-imposed exile in Canada . He originally had requested a personal meeting with President Asif Ali Zardari , and gave the head of state a 3 p.m. Thursday deadline . The president never showed . Instead , the 10-man delegation arrived , according to Pakistan 's Information Ministry . Before Qadri met with the heads of coalition parties , four Cabinet ministers and other lawmakers , he warned his followers an agreement might not come quickly . "  You may need to sleep here another night , as we wo n't leave this place until there is a written agreement , " he told the throngs . Growing fury over widespread corruption brought the government district to a standstill this week and jolted Pakistan 's already volatile political scene ahead of national elections due later this year . The Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered the arrest of the prime minister and other officials in connection with a long-running corruption case . Read more : Pakistani Supreme Court orders arrest of PM Cleric in Islamabad : ` It 's the beginning of the revolution ' Qadri 's suggestion about judiciary and military involvement in Pakistan 's future has raised concerns in the country , where military leaders have repeatedly seized power and ruled for long periods of time . Qadri was a lawmaker during the presidency of former president , Gen. Pervez Musharraf . Some Pakistanis have suggested Qadri may be working on behalf of the military . He denies those allegations . Read more : Pakistani leader meets protesting families of bombing victims The political drama unfolded against the backdrop of bomb and gun attacks in restive areas of the country carried out by the Pakistani Taliban and other militant groups . At the same time , a string of recent clashes along the de facto border between Pakistan and India in the disputed territory of Kashmir has put renewed strain on ties between the two nuclear-armed neighbors . Gordon Brown : Malala spurs school-for-all vow , now deliver Shaan Khan reported from Islamabad , with Mark Morgenstein writing in Atlanta . Nasir Habib also contributed to this report from Pakistan .	NEW : Muslim cleric Tahir ul Qadri reached a deal with Pakistan 's governing coalition NEW : The National Assembly will dissolve within two months , with new elections within 90 days after that NEW : The sit-in that paralyzed Islamabad in recent days is over NEW : Qadri tells supporters , "  You are victorious , and your sacrifices were worth it "
London , England  CNN  -- The largest collection of Smurf memorabilia , the longest dog tongue , and the most football management rejection letters could only be together in one place -- the annual list of Guinness World Records . All of them have made the 2011 edition , released Thursday . The Smurf collection involves 1,061 different items owned by Stephen Parkes , 44 , of Nottingham , England . He said he began collecting them in 1976 when he was 10 , and that today he will pay as much as 500 pounds  $ 780  for a rare item . "  It 's great to get in the book , although I think I 'm going to get a fair amount of stick  criticism  from friends when they see the photos , " Parkes said . Patrick Rielly of Scotland saw the bright side after setting a record for the most rejection letters -- 46 -- from professional football clubs across Britain . "  I might have not got my dream job , but now I have a world record , " he said . "  Every cloud has a silver lining ! " The 2011 book , published internationally Thursday , is the annual edition of a best-selling record book that has sold 115 million copies to date . This year 's records include the longest-lasting lightning storm  on Saturn for eight months  ; the longest hair  18 feet , 5 inches  ; and the heaviest living woman to give birth  American Donna Simpson , at 531 pounds  . Mario 's Cafe Bar in Bolton , England , set a record that may whet a person 's appetite -- or ruin it altogether . It has the largest commercially available English breakfast , a traditional filling and greasy meal . Mario 's version includes six slices of bacon , six sausages , four eggs , six slices of bread , five black puddings , mushrooms , a can of beans , and tomatoes . It weighs 6 pounds , 7 ounces and costs 10.95 pounds  $ 17  , but anyone who can eat it within 20 minutes gets it free . With a breakfast like that , diners may need a workout . For inspiration they can look to British man Stephen Buttler , who broke the record for the most push-ups with claps in one minute -- 73 , or 1.2 push-ups per second . Animal records are always a feature , many of them even stranger than the world 's smallest cow at 33 inches from hind to foot in West Yorkshire , England . A Pekingese dog from Texas named Puggy set the record for the longest dog tongue , measuring 4.5 inches , nearly the same length as his body . His owner said she adopted Puggy eight years ago after he was abandoned . "  From being a stray dog , being dumped , to being a Guinness World Record holder is just phenomenal , " owner Becky Stanford said . "  I just ca n't believe it . " A feisty Jack Russell terrier from California is in the book for popping 100 balloons in the fastest time by a dog -- just 44.49 seconds . The dog , Anastasia , showed her talent for the first time at a New Year 's party , her owner said . "  When Anastasia sees balloons in public , she starts with a small whine and builds to a squeal , " said Doree Sitterly . "  She 'll then begin screaming like a banshee and is difficult to control . She is focused on popping balloons only and nothing else . " Other animal records include the oldest gorilla in captivity , Colo , who lives in the United States and is now 53 . The oldest sheep is an Australian named Lucky , who is 24 , and the longest rabbit is Darius , who lives in Britain and is 4 feet , 3 inches . "  Animal achievements are among the most popular records in our book , so for 2011 , in addition to the usual chapter on record-breaking creatures in the wild , we 've added an entire new chapter focusing on our favorite pets , zoos , and farm animals , said Craig Glenday , editor-in-chief of Guinness World Records .	The 2011 edition is out Thursday The longest dog tongue and largest collection of Smurfs are among the records
London  CNN  -- The lawyer for Amir Hekmati , an American sentenced to death in Iran for espionage , has called for the ex-Marine 's case to be judged on humanitarian , not political grounds . Pierre Prosper , who has been engaged by the 28-year-old 's family to try to secure his release and return home , said Hekmati was at risk of falling victim to the animosity between the United States and Iran . "  What worries me most is that this case is entrapped in an intense political environment , " the U.S.-based lawyer told CNN . "  We want to remove it from the political environment and establish a humanitarian corridor of communication and see if we can just talk about Amir as a human being . " Hekmati , who served in the U.S. Marines from 2001 to 2005 , was arrested in August 2011 while visiting his grandmother and other relatives in Iran . His family has said he made the trip after obtaining permission from the Iranian Interests Section of the Pakistani Embassy in Washington . On Monday , Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency reported that he had been convicted of espionage , "  working for an enemy country , " being a member of the CIA and "  efforts to accuse Iran of involvement in terrorism . " He has 20 days in which to appeal against his death sentence . His family , who live in Michigan , claim that a "  confession " aired on Iranian state television last month was coerced . "  We believe that there 's a fundamental misunderstanding , and that the accusations against him are false , " said Prosper . "  That said , we 're prepared to open a line of communication with the government . We hope that they will accept it , because we believe that there is a workable way around this . " Switzerland , which represents U.S. interests in Iran , has officially confirmed the verdict and sentence , U.S. State Department spokesman Victoria Nuland said Tuesday . The United States has not had diplomatic relations with Iran since 1980 , but "  strongly condemns " the sentence and passed that condemnation to Iran through the Swiss , she said . "  We maintain , as we have from the beginning , that these charges against him are a fabrication and we call on the Iranian authorities to release him immediately , " Nuland said . "  We 've also called on them to allow him to have legal counsel . Defendants in Iran are allowed to appeal within 20 days . " Nuland said Washington has urged Iranian authorities to allow Swiss diplomats to visit Hekmati , a step they have so far denied . Prosper is a former ambassador-at-large for war crimes issues under the George W. Bush administration , and served as a war crimes prosecutor at the U.N. International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda . In 2010 , he negotiated the release of Reza Taghavi , an Iranian-American businessman detained in Iran for more than two years on suspicion of supporting an anti-regime group . The high-profile lawyer said he hoped his previous experiences in Iran would help in the case . "  I 've established some relationships based on my prior negotiations with the Taghavi case . I 'll try to revive those connections and see if they are willing to have a conversation . "  It will be difficult , but it 's possible , and one of the ways to do it is to move the government out of this , and have it be a communication from the family to the -LSB- Iranian -RSB- government . " Prosper said he had been shocked at the speed of the proceedings against Hekmati , and was concerned at a lack of openness surrounding the trial . "  This was literally a half-day trial ; he was in detention only for a few months , and the verdict came within weeks . We also are troubled by the fact there 's been no transparency , so it is really hard to see what happened . " Hekmati 's family is "  obviously shocked and troubled " at news he has been handed a death sentence , Prosper told CNN , particularly since they have had no contact with him in recent months . "  The family in the United States has not spoken with him since his incarceration , his detention . From the videos we 've seen he looks to have lost weight , he appears to be under duress , and we 're concerned . "  It is very difficult . I hear from them easily five or six times a day -- as you can imagine , the stress level is very high , " he said . "  The news is not positive , but we try to reassure them that it is not over : We will engage with the government and we hope that they will show compassion . "  Our hope is that they will talk to us . Our hope is that they will listen to the family and ... make a humanitarian decision . "  The family 's message -LSB- to Iran -RSB- is : Please show some compassion . You 've made your decision , we obviously disagree with the decision , but we are where we are , please allow him to come home , back to the United States . " CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Pierre Prosper , lawyer for Amir Hekmati , is set to plead for the American 's release in Iran Hekmati is facing the death penalty after being convicted of spying Prosper says case should be treated as humanitarian issue , not political issue Prosper is a former ambassador-at-large on war crimes issues
LAHORE , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suicide bomber killed at least 23 people and injured more than 58 others after detonating an explosive outside a court in Lahore on Thursday , police said . A rescuer helps an injured man following a suicide bomb attack in Lahore . The exact number of casualties varied , but state-run news agency the Associated Press of Pakistan said 22 police officers and one passerby were killed . Reports of another explosion triggered a dash toward a supposed second blast site , but those reports proved unfounded , said Aftab Cheema , senior superintendent of Lahore police . The suicide blast occurred in the city 's commercial district , moments before lawyers were set to begin a rally outside the high court in the eastern Pakistani city to protest the rule of President Pervez Musharraf . No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attack . Caretaker Prime Minister Mohammadmian Soomro said in a statement that those who committed this "  cowardly act " were "  neither believer of any religion nor of any human ethics . " Police said about 100 uniformed and plainclothes officers were at the scene ahead of the rally when the bomb went off about 11:45 a.m. Pakistan time  6:45 a.m. GMT  . The bomber was approaching a police barrier when officers stopped him , said Cheema , and the man then blew himself up . Ahsan Bhoon , president of the Lahore High Court Bar Association , said lawyers had just completed a meeting and were headed out of the courthouse to participate in the rally when he heard the blast . Bhoon said he saw bodies scattered everywhere . At least 15 of them were lifeless . A second lawyer , Khurram Khosa , said he began picking up bodies of the dead and noticed all but one of them clad in the green uniform of police officers . Many of the wounded were taken to Mayo Hospital in Lahore , said medical superintendent Fayyaz Ahmad Ranjha . Two remained in critical condition but the rest were likely to survive , Ranjha said . Footage from the scene painted a chaotic picture , with baton-wielding police working to beat back a crowd that was trying to get a closer look at a burned-out white vehicle . Officers cordoned off the area , while rescue workers carrying stretchers with wounded victims sidestepped shards of glass that littered the street from broken car windows . "  Lahore is typically a calm city , " local journalist Todd Baer said . "  This is one of the few places in Pakistan that did not have rioting  after the assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto  . So people here are very tense right now . " In recent months , Pakistan has been besieged by a wave of suicide attacks that has claimed several hundred lives . The blast comes a day before the start of the month of Muharram , a holy period of mourning , when religious tension are high . It also follows the death of Bhutto , who was killed at a rally in Rawalpindi , south of the Pakistani capital Islamabad , on December . 27 . While the cause of her death is still unclear , a bomber blew himself up near her limousine and videotape showed a gunman present . Lawyers in Lahore have been holding rallies every Thursday to protest the government 's crackdown on the judiciary and imprisonment of lawyers and judges across the country . Meanwhile , Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party said it had written to the Pakistan government urging it to request an independent United Nations inquiry , The Associated Press reported on Thursday . The PPP warned that if the government failed to do so within 48 hours , the party would approach the U.N. directly . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohsin Naqvi , Leone Lakhani , Ingrid Formanek and journalist Todd Baer contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Blast outside Lahore court kills at least 23 people and injures 58 others Suicide bomb exploded as lawyers were set to begin protest rally outside high court A man blew himself up after being stopped by police at a security barrier There were reports of a second blast , but these proved to be unfounded
Washington  CNN  -- A Washington D.C. Metropolitan police car was incorrectly edited into a clip of "  The Real Housewives of D.C. , " a publicist for the reality show 's production company said Sunday . The information came to light a day after District police announced they would investigate whether reality stars Tareq and Michaele Salahi got a police escort for their limousine to attend a party , as depicted on this week 's episode of the reality TV show . The Salahis grabbed headlines as "  White House crashers " after attending President Barack Obama 's first state dinner without an invitation in November . The party shown in this week 's series took place the evening of October 13 at The Park at Fourteenth , six weeks before the White House event . "  Half Yard Productions reviewed all of the footage from the party in question and the police escort for the Salahi 's limo was a Park Police escort , " said Bronagh Hanley , a publicist for Half Yard , in an email to CNN . "  The MPD -LSB- Metropolitan Police Department -RSB- car featured in the episode was not the escort car and was edited into the shot incorrectly . " Lisa Bloom , the Salahis ' lawyer , concurred that Metropolitan police were not involved in escorting her clients , but did n't know if there was an escort provide by Park Police . Bloom said all reality show contracts say producers can manipulate the facts , manipulate the video and there 's nothing the talent can do about it . She said it really puts people in a bind . District police spokesman Lt. Nicholas Breul told CNN Saturday that they were alerted to the episode by a reporter who saw the reality show on TV . "  The chief has asked that an investigation be conducted into whether or not there was any type of an escort for the Salahis . We 're working to identify the car and the officer . " Breul told CNN that the department typically provides escorts for the president of the United States and other dignitaries , but not for private citizens . "  Escorts are generally used for safety reasons to swiftly move people , and those are generally dignitaries , from one point or another , " Breul told CNN . "  Generally speaking , there are no escorts for people going to parties or social functions . " According to the Washington Post , the markings on the police cruiser identify it as belonging to the police department 's 3rd District . Capt. Juanita Mitchell , the watch commander for the 3rd District , did not know about the alleged escort . "  I have no knowledge of what you are referring to , " Mitchell told CNN . CNN requested comment from Park Police , but has not heard back from the agency . CNN 's David Desola contributed to this report .	Publicist says D.C. police car was incorrectly edited into TV show D.C. police investigate incident depicted on "  Real Housewives " episode Authorities are trying to determine whether Salahis got a police escort to a party Salahis are known as "  White House crashers " after attending state dinner uninvited
Farmers ' frequent use of antibiotics to help their livestock grow is contributing to the rise of dangerous antibiotic-resistant bacteria , according to the Food and Drug Administration . On Wednesday , the government agency announced a new plan to phase out the use of certain antibiotics in the food production industry . "  It is important to use these drugs only when medically necessary , " the FDA said on its website . "  Governments around the world consider antimicrobial-resistant bacteria a major threat to public health . " Many of the antibiotics used in animals are also used to treat humans when they get sick . Illnesses caused by bacteria are more likely to be fatal if overuse has made the germs resistant to medication , the FDA says . An FDA report released in April showed that 81 % of all the raw ground turkey the agency tested was contaminated with antibiotic-resistant bacteria . And turkey was n't the only problem -- antibiotic-resistant bacteria were found in about 69 % of pork chops , 55 % of ground beef and 39 % of chicken . Antibiotics are used in livestock to prevent disease , but they are also used as a protectant and to aid growth . About 29.9 million pounds of antibiotics were sold in 2011 for meat and poultry production , compared with the 7.7 million pounds sold for human use , according to the Pew Charitable Trusts . "  Antibiotic use in animals is out of hand , " said Dr. Gail Hansen , a veterinarian and senior officer for the Pew Campaign on Human Health and Industrial Farming , a project aimed at phasing out overuse of antibiotics in food production . "  We feed antibiotics to sick animals , which is completely appropriate , but we also put antibiotics in their feed and in their water to help them grow faster and to compensate for unhygienic conditions . If you have to keep the animals healthy with drugs , I would argue you need to re-examine the system . You do n't take antibiotics preventively when you go out into the world . " What government tests found in your meat The FDA will now begin working to address how farmers are using these drugs to enhance animals ' growth or reduce the amount of feed they have to use . Its plan also explains how animal pharmaceutical companies can voluntarily revise their drug labels to remove animal production as an approved use , effectively making it illegal to use the drugs for growth enhancement . Under the plan , therapeutic uses of animal antibiotics would require veterinary oversight , meaning antibiotics could be used in food-producing animals only under a veterinarian 's orders to treat , prevent or control disease . "  With these changes , there will be fewer approved uses , and the remaining uses will be under tighter control , " said Michael Taylor , deputy commissioner for foods and veterinary medicine at the FDA . Companies have 90 days to let the FDA know if they intend to participate and three years to make the changes . In a statement , the Animal Health Institute said it and its member companies support the policy and will continue to work with the FDA to implement it . "  We are in favor of maintaining the important therapeutic uses of disease treatment , disease control and disease prevention , and believe that phasing out sub-therapeutic uses will increase consumer confidence that antibiotics are being used wisely to protect animal health and thereby human health , " the organization said . The American Meat Institute also said it welcomed the move . What 's in your holiday poultry ? "  AMI strongly supports the prudent and judicious use of antibiotics in food animal production under the care of a veterinarian , as defined by the American Veterinary Medical Association , which is consistent with protecting both animal and public health , ensuring the ability to medically treat animals , and maintaining the highest standard of animal welfare practices , " the group said , adding the FDA proposal "  adheres to these principles . " But the Natural Resources Defense Council , a non-profit environmental advocacy group , bashed the FDA 's plan , saying it fails to require any change in the use of antibiotics . "  FDA 's policy is an early holiday gift to industry , " NRDC health attorney Avinash Kar said in a statement . "  It is a hollow gesture that does little to tackle a widely recognized threat to human health . FDA has essentially followed a voluntary approach for more than 35 years , but use of these drugs to raise animals has increased . " The Center for Science in the Public Interest noted in a statement the proposal "  requires the drug companies who profit from sales of their drugs to initiate the process . The good news is the agency has pledged to evaluate levels of compliance and inform the public after 90 days if the drug industry is cooperating with the relabeling effort . " "  No one is advocating that sick animals should not be treated , " the CSPI said . "  But just as our kids see a doctor to get antibiotics , farmers should call a veterinarian , who can assess whether and when treatment with an antibiotic is appropriate . This simple step could save antibiotics as treatment options for future generations of consumers and farmers . " Currently , federal law tracks only how many antibiotics are sold ; it does not mandate data collection on how many animals are given the drugs or how much . Without that information , it is hard to know where antibiotics are used . Taylor said the FDA still has the ability to take regulatory action against specific products if it 's needed to protect the public 's health . This plan is the FDA 's latest move targeting food production and quality . Last month , the agency took a step toward potentially eliminating most trans fats from the food supply . What 's in your holiday poultry ?	The FDA wants to phase out the use of certain antibiotics in food-producing animals These drugs should be used "  only when medically necessary , " the agency says The antibiotics use contributes to the rise of antibiotic-resistant bacteria , the agency says
CNN  -- If you had tried to visit Winslow Homer when he was alive , you would have been greeted by a warning sign proclaiming "  Snakes ! Snakes ! Mice ! " on the path to his studio on Prouts Neck , a peninsula in Scarborough , Maine . While Peter Paul Rubens entertained dignitaries at home in Antwerp , Belgium , and Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera were famous for welcoming Nelson Rockefeller , Leon Trotsky and other guests to their homes in Mexico City , Homer and other artists were considerably less accommodating . We can only wonder what the notoriously private Homer and Andrew Wyeth would say about their studios in Maine and Pennsylvania being opened to visitors for the first time this year . If you 've been admiring your favorite painter 's work in a museum , you 've only been seeing part of the picture . For the full view , you must visit the artist 's home and studio . There you 'll see where and how he lived and worked ; what she saw when she looked out her window . Whether carefully decorated or intentionally uncluttered , artists ' homes and studios show us who they were at the core . "  Everything in her house reflects Frida 's taste and personality , " says Hilda Trujillo Soto , director of the Museo Frida Kahlo in Mexico City . "  It is like a piece of art , decorated entirely by Frida ... her personal universe . " Here are six destinations where you can explore the personal universes of several renowned artists . 6 spots for architecture lovers Winslow Homer Studio , Maine Homer 's "  Snakes ! Snakes ! Mice ! " sign was the artist 's way of scaring away the "  rusticators " -- city folk who summered in this private enclave 12 miles south of Portland , Maine . Expect a warmer welcome when the Winslow Homer Studio opens to the public September 25 after a six-year restoration overseen by the Portland Museum of Art . Homer lived and worked at Prouts Neck from 1883 until his death in 1910 , completing paintings such as "  Cannon Rock " and "  The Gulf Stream . " He left his mark on the place in countless ways , including traces of graffiti on the walls and his signature scratched into the window glass . At the Portland Museum of Art , the companion exhibition "  Weatherbeaten : Winslow Homer and Maine "  September 22-December 30  showcases Homer 's paintings of the area . A Local Excursion Pass offers discounted admission to area attractions including scenic ferry cruises on Casco Bay Lines , the Portland Observatory and the Henry Wadsworth Longfellow House . 8 religious wonders in the United States Andrew and N.C. Wyeth Homes and Studios , Pennsylvania Like the quiet beauty of his paintings , Andrew Wyeth 's studio in Chadds Ford , Pennsylvania , puts visitors in a meditative mood . The intensely private artist did n't share this space with many people , but after his death in 2009 , his wife , Betsy James Wyeth , gave the simple white former schoolhouse building to the Brandywine River Museum . It opened for docent-led tours in July . Andrew Wyeth painted here from 1940 until 2008 , and the tools of his trade remain much as he might have placed them : brushes , sketches , even the eggs and pigments he used to mix the tempera for paintings such as "  Roasted Chestnuts " and "  Adam " are now in the museum 's collection . The studio of N.C. Wyeth , Andrew 's father , has a different feeling . Built with earnings from his illustrations for the 1911 Scribner 's edition of "  Treasure Island , " N.C. Wyeth 's studio is filled with props he used in his robust illustrations , including a birch bark canoe and a wooden horse on which models posed for Western pictures . The Brandywine Valley , which extends from southeastern Pennsylvania to Delaware , retains much of the rural character that so appealed to the Wyeths . White Clay Creek Reserve in Pennsylvania and Brandywine Creek State Park in Delaware are pretty places for nature walks , day-hikes , canoeing and horseback riding . Georgia O'Keeffe Home and Studio , New Mexico It took more than 10 years for Georgia O'Keeffe to convince the local Catholic diocese to sell her a crumbling hacienda in Abiquiu , New Mexico , overlooking the Chama River Valley . Abiquiu 's cottonwood trees inspired her , the fertile soil and abundant garden pleased her and the views captivated her . O'Keeffe finally prevailed in 1945 and , after a complete renovation supervised by her friend Maria Chabot , she moved to Abiquiu in 1949 and stayed until 1984 . Located about 55 miles from Santa Fe , the Georgia O'Keeffe Home and Studio is managed by the Georgia O'Keeffe Museum in Santa Fe . Guided tours  reservations required  are conducted from March through November . Separately , her former home at Ghost Ranch , now an educational retreat center , offers tours of the vistas she painted . "  Georgia O'Keeffe and the Faraway : Nature and Image , " through May 5 , 2013 , at the Georgia O'Keeffe Museum in Santa Fe , features her paintings from Ghost Ranch . Find your own artistic inspiration on a scenic drive through New Mexico . Nearby areas of natural beauty and historic interest are the Puye Cliff Dwellings , Pecos National Historic Park , Bandelier National Monument  still recovering from fire and floods in 2011  and the Native American pueblos and villages throughout the state . Cézanne and Monet homes and studios , France Aix-en-Provence in southern France is Paul Cézanne 's town . Brimming with relaxed charm , it almost begs you to pick up a paintbrush -- and many visitors do . Most also visit Cézanne 's picture-perfect atelier . Built in 1901 and surrounded by leafy grounds , the sparsely furnished studio is where Cézanne worked late in his life . Nearby are the Cézanne family 's Jas de Bouffan estate and the Bibémus quarries , both of which feature in his paintings .  The men pictured in Cézanne 's "  Card Players " series were workers on the estate .  The Aix-en-Provence Office of Tourism offers guided tours of the three sites and a map for self-guided Cézanne tours of the city . Aix itself is a place to exhale , while wandering in the Old Town , beneath the arching trees of the Cours Mirabeau , or through one of the city 's famed outdoor markets . Giverny in northern France belongs to Claude Monet . The "  father of Impressionism " lived and worked there from 1883 to 1926 , after spying the town from the door of a train as he traveled from Vernon to Gasny . His house , built in 1890 , is spacious and prettily furnished .  When Monet was alive , it also would have been very noisy , with his eight children running around . Among the highlights indoors is his collection of Japanese prints by masters such as Hokusai and Hiroshige . Outdoors , of course , are Monet 's legendary gardens and the ponds dotted with water lilies and spanned by a Japanese bridge . Just 45 minutes by train from Paris , Giverny is a day-trip destination , but it 's also a gateway to medieval Rouen with its magnificent cathedral and ties to Joan of Arc , and to other sites in Normandy , such as Omaha Beach and Mont Saint Michel . Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera Homes and Studios , Mexico Frida Kahlo 's singular vision is evident everywhere in Casa Azul , her home and studio in Mexico City 's Coyoácan district . Born in the house in 1907 , she lived there most of her life and died there in 1954 . No place was more significant to her . "  Almost all of her paintings include an element , a corner or a piece of her house , " says museum director Hilda Trujillo Soto . "  Even the plants she had in her house are painted in her paintings . " Kahlo 's books and her collections of Mexican folk art and religious healing charms , or ex-votos , are cherished mementos of her life there . Kahlo was less attached to the San Ángel home and studio her husband , Diego Rivera , commissioned architect Juan O'Gorman to design for them in 1931-32 . Yet Rivera loved the place , and it is where he died in 1957 . Its two Functionalist style buildings connected by an exterior catwalk were restored to their original design in the 1990s based on photos taken by Frida 's father in 1932 . They featured as a location in the 2002 film "  Frida . "  Casa Azul was recreated in a studio for the movie .  Today they comprise the Museo Casa Estudio Diego Rivera y Frida Kahlo . For an excursion from Mexico City , try one of Frida and Diego 's favorites , a visit to the first century A.D. city of Teotihuacan . Rubens House , Belgium Peter Paul Rubens was not your typical starving artist . Born into a well-connected family in 1577 , at age 32 Rubens was named court painter to Archduke Albrecht who ruled much of modern-day Belgium at the time . His artistic style reflected optimism after a period of war and hardship , and his charismatic personality won him influential admirers and special privileges , such as permission to employ an unlimited number of assistants in his glorious 17th-century baroque home and studio in Antwerp . It is Rubens ' work we see in masterpieces such as "  The Raising of the Cross " in Antwerp 's Cathedral of Our Lady , but he had help executing his vision . How else could he have made the 2,500-plus paintings attributed to him ? The process becomes clear inside his atelier , the vast workspace where assistants painted sections of individual works following sketches and notes Rubens provided . Meanwhile , Rubens himself might have strolled along the gallery overlooking the atelier , probably accompanied by an illustrious client . Rubens ' influence is everywhere in Antwerp . On the modern side , Antwerp is a fashion capital , a major world diamond center and a fantastic shopping city . Come 2013 , it will also be home to the Red Star Line Museum , a maritime and immigration museum in the Het Eilandje revitalized harbor district . Do you have a favorite artist whose home or studio you 'd like to visit ? Please share your recommendations in the comments below .	Artist Winslow Homer 's home and studio in Maine will open to visitors in September N.C. Wyeth 's studio holds a birch bark canoe , a wooden horse and other props Much of Frida Kahlo 's home and studio in Mexico City is reflected in her art The 17th-century baroque home and studio of Peter-Paul Rubens is open to visitors in Antwerp
CNN  -- Two people are missing and at least 14 people were injured when a gas line in Kansas City , Missouri , exploded and ignited a four-alarm fire , officials said Tuesday night . The explosion apparently leveled JJ 's restaurant , a popular spot in Country Club Plaza , an upscale shopping district and residential neighborhood that is a regional gathering place . James Garrett , a spokesman for the Kansas City Fire Department , said three people were unaccounted for Tuesday night . Missouri Gas Energy said : "  Early indications are that a contractor doing underground work struck a natural gas line , but the investigation continues . " Mayor Sly James said the walls of the restaurant had collapsed . Dr. Leonardo Lozada , the chief physician at St Luke 's Health Systems , said he heard the explosion at the hospital , which is a block and a half from the restaurant . "  Yes , it was pretty loud . I just heard it ; it was n't that traumatic , " he said , adding that some people told him they saw the roof blow off . Officials at three hospitals indicated at least 14 people were hospitalized , including three in critical condition and three in serious condition . The number of injured had dropped from previous reports because there was "  a lot of confusion with people coming into the emergency room . " Lozada told CNN . Two patients are in critical condition at St. Luke 's Hospital , said Dr. Marc Larsen . One of the patients suffered extensive burns ; the other facial trauma , he said . Most of the five other patients suffered minor lacerations or inhalation injuries , he said . Lozardo said one man had burns to "  40 % percent of his body , mostly to his lower extremities . " Garrett said here were no fatalities at the scene , but two of those hurt had life-threatening injuries . About 100 fire fighters fought the fire before it was put out , fire chief Paul Berardi said . When the first fire trucks arrived the restaurant was fully involved with a few people inside , he said . Witness says man told her to leave restaurant One witness told CNN affiliate KSHB a man who had a hand-held device came into the restaurant before the blast and told her and 10 others in JJ 's to leave . Jennifer Carter told the station that restaurant workers already had turned off the appliances because people inside had smelled gas . She said she left when told and was a few blocks away when she heard the explosion . Garrett confirmed that workers from Missouri Gas Energy were "  on the scene " before the explosion . Residents who live near JJ 's said they reported smelling gas to the utility company about an hour before the explosion , according to CNN affiliate KCTV . The explosion shook doors and windows at nearby businesses and homes , the station reported . James , who came to the scene from his office , said his primary focus was the victims . "  That 's the main concern , making sure they come out OK , " he said . Garrett said gas lines have been shut off . "  People are still not allowed back into the plaza , " he said . "  I do n't know when it will reopen -- hopefully tonight . " CNN 's Carma Hassan and Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	NEW : Utility company said it appears contractor struck a gas line Two people also missing , Kansas City fire department says Witnesses say roof blew off restaurant People in the area said they could smell gas well before explosion
From the start , some passengers knew something was amiss . The flight attendant had asked them if the plane was in Houston . It was in Dallas . Then came dueling announcements from two flight attendants , the first saying the plane had mechanical problems ; the second assuring passengers everything was OK . Then , alarmingly , the increasingly excited flight attendant repeatedly declared over the public address system that she was no longer responsible for the safety of the plane , and that it was going to crash . The whole time , the plane continued rolling toward the runway . The Friday morning incident ended only after fellow crew members scuffled with their colleague , and when passengers helped restrain her , according to passengers interviewed by CNN . Authorities said the flight was delayed , and that two flight attendants -- including the agitated attendant -- were taken to a Dallas hospital for treatment . Local and federal officials said they do not anticipate criminal charges , adding to speculation that she may have suffered a mental breakdown . One passenger said the flight attendant described herself as bi-polar , and said she had not taken her medication . The unusual incident put public focus on the nation 's flight attendants , who more often are viewed as the people tasked with mediating disputes or dealing with others ' aberrant behavior . But on Friday morning , the flight attendant in the forward cabin of American Airlines Flight 2332 -- a Dallas to Chicago flight -- became the focus of attention . "  She was acting weird from the very beginning , " said Whitney Bessler , a Dallas resident seated in the second row . "  When we first got on the plane she was asking the passenger next to me if we were in Houston and where we were going . We kind of thought she was just making a joke . " But "  before we were even taxiing she was talking about how we needed to do more cross-checks , or we needed more testing , or go back for more security , something like that , " Bessler said . Bessler and other passengers said the flight attendant got on the public address system , and appeared to be calling the pilots . At first , "  everybody was laughing because it sounded like she  had  accidentally turned on " the intercom , said Laurie Grabe of Traverse City , Michigan , who witnessed the incident from her ninth-row seat . Then other flight attendants intervened , "  telling her to turn off the PA , not to talk like that , " Grabe said . The flight attendant continued her disjointed announcements , passengers said . She said , "  OK , if you  pilots  do n't hear me , then I give up . I 'm not responsible if this plane crashes , " Grabe said . She also "  said something about opening the doors . " "  Everybody was starting to look at each other , like ` Oh , my God , What 's going on here ? ' "  Grabe said . Said Bessler , "  Two or three times over the PA , she talks about how the planes is going to crash , how she does n't want the plane to crash on her watch . " While some of her sentences were clear , others were just "  random gibberish , " Bessler said . When the flight attendant said the plane was likely to crash , "  the passenger behind me ... said , ` I 'm calling 9-1-1 , ' " said passenger Bethany Chistakos , who was sitting in the middle of the plane . "  Because ... the plane was n't stopping . We were already on the runway , we were about literally  to  take off . " Passengers said other flight attendants and an off-duty pilot scuffled with the flight attendant over control of the microphone , and several passengers jumped in to subdue the woman . It took about five people to restrain her , they said . They "  threw her into the first row of seats and held her down , " Grabe said . Grabe said the flight attendant started "  screaming bloody murder , " sounding "  demonic . " The attendant was taken to the hospital for evaluation , officials said . A second flight attendant who may have been injured while restraining the first one also was taken to the hospital . An airline spokesman acknowledged the incident but said passengers were not in danger . "  We continue to investigate the details and circumstances , " American Airlines spokesman Ed Martelle said . "  We will ensure that the affected flight attendants receive proper care , and we commend our other crew members for their assistance in quickly getting the aircraft back to the gate so that customers could be reaccommodated , " he said . "  Our customers were not in danger at any time . " FBI spokeswoman Lydia Maese said no federal charges were filed and the agency sees no need for further investigation . After the crew was replaced , the flight departed for Chicago at 9:46 a.m. local time , about an hour behind schedule .	A spokeswoman for the FBI says no federal charges were filed Attendant got on intercom , said she was n't responsible for plane 's safety , passenger says Passengers , crew on the Dallas-to-Chicago flight restrained the woman , authorities said The attendant was taken to a hospital ; a 2nd who may have been injured was taken , too
EW.com  -- Although it did n't set a franchise record , "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 " had one of the best openings in box-office history by debuting to $ 139.5 million , according to studio estimates . That 's the fifth-best opening weekend ever , behind "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2 , " "  The Dark Knight , " "  Spider-Man 3 , " and "  The Twilight Saga : New Moon , " which held on to the franchise record . "  New Moon " debuted to a slightly better $ 142.8 million on the same November weekend two years ago . What 's interesting is how closely "  Breaking Dawn " followed "  New Moon 's " trajectory . "  New Moon " grossed $ 72.7 million its first day , and then dropped 42 percent on Saturday and 34 percent on Sunday . By comparison , "  Breaking Dawn " earned $ 72 million on Friday  the third-best opening day ever  , and then fell 44 percent on Saturday and a projected 34 percent today . "  New Moon " ultimately finished its domestic run with $ 296.6 million , and it 's too early to tell whether "  Breaking Dawn " will wind up a bit short of that final figure . Even if it does , Summit Entertainment wo n't be complaining about grossing nearly $ 300 million from the fourth movie of its franchise . And , of course , the domestic box office is only a part of the equation here . "  Breaking Dawn " took in $ 144 million from 54 foreign territories this week , pushing its worldwide debut to a staggering $ 283.5 million . Summit reports that "  Breaking Dawn " attracted a crowd that was , unsurprisingly , 80 percent female . What is surprising is that the PG-13 movie 's audience was n't as young as you 'd think , with 60 percent over the age of 21 . According to CinemaScore , 30 percent of the film 's audience was under 18 , but an even larger 42 percent was between the ages of 18 and 34 . The popular conception is that The "  Twilight Saga " is merely a teenage phenomenon , but these figures seem to prove otherwise . The $ 110 million movie received a good-but-not-great B + rating from CinemaScore graders . In second place was Warner Bros. ' 3-D animated sequel "  Happy Feet Two , " which fell far short of expectations by dancing to only $ 22 million . The 2006 original , an Oscar winner for best animated feature , opened to $ 41.5 million -- and that was without the benefit of 3-D surcharges . "  Happy Feet Two " was saddled with mediocre reviews , which might have discouraged some parents . Furthermore , five years could have been too long of a wait , especially for a sequel that appeared very similar to its predecessor . The original "  Happy Feet " was released a year after March of the Penguins , when the Antarctic birds were having a moment in the cultural zeitgeist . That moment has clearly passed . The $ 135 million sequel earned a B + rating from CinemaScore moviegoers , and 3-D theaters accounted for 50 percent of its weekend tally . The rest of the top five consisted of holdovers . The 3-D action flick "  Immortals " dropped a harsh 62 percent for $ 12.3 million -- a second-weekend decline that was larger than both "  300 "  54 percent  and "  Clash of the Titans "  57 percent  . "  Jack and Jill " witnessed a typical Adam Sandler fall of 52 percent for $ 12 million . And even though "  Happy Feet Two " underperformed , "  Puss in Boots " lost much of its family audience . The animated adventure dropped 57 percent for $ 10.7 million in its fourth weekend . In limited release , Alexander Payne 's "  The Descendants , " starring George Clooney , debuted to $ 1.2 million from 29 theaters -- enough for a tenth-place finish . The Oscar hopeful raked in an impressive $ 42,150 per location . Only "  Midnight in Paris , " "  The Tree of Life , " and "  Jane Eyre " opened to stronger per-theater averages this year , and those movies started out on far fewer screens than "  The Descendants . " 1 . The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 -- $ 139.5 mil 2 . Happy Feet Two -- $ 22.0 mil 3 . Immortals -- $ 12.3 mil 4 . Jack and Jill -- $ 12.0 mil 5 . Puss in Boots -- $ 10.7 mil See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Breaking Dawn " earned $ 72 million on Friday  the third-best opening day ever "  Happy Feet Two , " fell far short of expectations by dancing to only $ 22 million The 3-D action flick "  Immortals " dropped a harsh 62 percent for $ 12.3 million
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Feuding among Michael Jackson 's family reached a new level Monday when a "  scuffle " erupted at Katherine Jackson 's home in Calabasas , California , according a sheriff 's spokesman . Paris Jackson , the 14-year-old daughter of the late pop icon , posted a Twitter message about the time the incident was happening : "  got ta love fam . " She also tweeted about her distress about not hearing from her grandmother for more than a week : "  8 days and counting . something is really off , this is n't like her at all . . i wan na talk directly to my grandmother !! < | 3 " Michael Jackson 's siblings attack estate executors Deputies were called to the mansion where Katherine Jackson has been raising Prince , 15 , Paris and Blanket , 10 , since their father died three years ago , Los Angeles County sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . A battery report was taken , but no arrests were made , Whitmore said . He would not identify who was involved because "  the investigation is ongoing . " Janet , Jermaine and Randy Jackson were on the scene , a source with firsthand knowledge of the incident said . The source asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter . The drama happened as Los Angeles County sheriff 's detectives closed a missing persons case opened for Katherine Jackson , who was found to be with daughter Rebbie in Arizona . "  Katherine Jackson has been located and she is fine and with family , " Whitmore said . "  Our missing persons case is closed . " Deputies talked to two family members and were satisfied , he said . A lawyer for Katherine Jackson is not satisfied , saying the sheriff 's deputies who tried to talk to her in Arizona Monday were blocked from seeing her . Because the 82-year-old matriarch of the Jackson music dynasty was taken across state lines , Katherine Jackson attorney Sandra Ribera said earlier , she hopes the FBI will investigate the circumstances of what she called her disappearance . Jermaine Jackson , in a statement posted on Twitter Sunday night , said his mother "  is safe and well in Arizona with her daughter and our sister , Rebbie , resting up on doctor 's advice . " But Michael Jackson 's three children still have not heard from their grandmother eight days after she left them at home , Ribera said . Jermaine Jackson 's statement insisted the children were not "  being ` blocked ' from speaking with Mother . " "  She is merely an 82-year-old woman following doctor 's orders to rest up and de-stress , away from phones and computers , " he tweeted . His statement did not explain why Paris was rebuffed during several attempts to reach her grandmother on the phone . That led to Paris posting messages on Twitter early Sunday pleading for help in finding her . "  Yes , my grandmother is missing , " Paris tweeted . "  I have n't spoken with her in a week i want her home now . " It is the latest chapter in a messy dispute between several of Jackson 's children and her advisers . Whitmore confirmed that the sheriff 's department is investigating allegations that Jackson was being "  emotionally and financially mistreated by family members . " Katherine Jackson has custody of Michael Jackson 's children and a 20 % share in her son 's huge estate . Her husband , Joe Jackson , and her eight surviving children were completely left out of Michael Jackson 's will . The abuse probe began when "  a business associate of the Jackson family " reported the allegation to a sheriff 's official in April , Whitmore said . "  Investigators contacted Katherine Jackson and she emphatically denied any and all of them , " Whitmore said . When investigators met with Jackson she was "  in good health and voiced no complaints , " he said . "  Out an abundance of caution , we have continued to interview legal representatives of the family about the possibility of financial abuses , " he said . "  That investigation remains open . " Katherine Jackson 's lawyer and business manager decline to immediately comment . Family , fans mark Michael Jackson 's death three years later	NEW : A "  scuffle " broke out at the Jackson family home Monday , sheriff spokesman says NEW : Janet , Jermaine and Randy Jackson were on the scene , a source says NEW : Paris tweets : "  got ta love fam " NEW : "  8 days and counting . something is really off , " Paris says on Twitter
Health.com  -- A popular pain-relief treatment that uses electricity to stimulate nerves is n't likely to benefit the millions of Americans who live with chronic low back pain and should n't be recommended for that purpose , new guidelines say . Transcutaneous electric nerve stimulation , or TENS , is delivered using a small battery-operated generator connected to a set of electrodes . The generator , about the size of a BlackBerry , transmits a weak electric current through the electrodes , which are attached to the skin at the site of chronic pain or at other key points . Despite their popularity , there is little evidence that these devices are effective for chronic low back pain , according to the guidelines from the American Academy of Neurology , which were published Wednesday in the journal Neurology . "  Physicians are advised against ordering TENS for patients with chronic low back pain since it is proven not to work , " says the lead author of the guidelines , Richard Dubinsky , M.D. , a professor of neurology at the University of Kansas Medical Center in Kansas City , Kansas . Health.com : How yoga can relieve back pain Dubinsky and his colleague based the guidelines on a review of past studies that compared TENS with a sham TENS procedure  a mock treatment equivalent to a placebo  for chronic low back pain , which is defined as pain lasting three months or more . They turned up just five studies in all . Two high-quality studies found that TENS produced no benefit ; the other studies had mixed results , but they were considered to be less reliable . Health.com : All the right moves to avoid back pain The relative dearth of research on TENS and chronic low back pain suggests that the new guidelines should n't be accepted as gospel , according to Andreas Binder , M.D. , and Ralf Baron , M.D. , neurologists at Christian-Albrecht-Universität Kiel , in Kiel , Germany , who wrote an editorial accompanying the new guidelines . " -LSB- A -RSB- bsence of evidence is not evidence of absence , " they wrote . Although the research on TENS may be thin , they added , "  there seems to be considerable empirical evidence that , at least in some patients , TENS is useful . " Binder and Baron point out that , unlike opiates and other pain medications -- which carry a risk of side effects , including abuse and addiction -- TENS is a safe , fast-acting , and user-friendly treatment that has very few side effects , does n't interact with medications , and can be stopped at any time if it is n't effective . Health.com : Is chronic pain ruining your relationship ? The treatment is also relatively affordable . TENS units can be purchased for less than $ 100 , although some models cost several hundred dollars or more . There certainly is a market for the devices . Back pain is the second most common cause of disability in the U.S. after arthritis , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Eight out of 10 adults will experience low back pain at some point in their lives by some estimates , although 95 percent of those cases will get better within three months . Charles Cranny , the director of outpatient physical therapy at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago , says that because of the treatment 's upside , TENS may still be worth recommending to patients with chronic back pain for whom other treatments have come up short . "  We use TENS as a last resort in people with chronic back pain who are not improving with other measures , " he says . "  I say , let 's give it a try in these patients . We have had some who swear by it and a lot who say , ` It worked for a couple of weeks , but then I returned it to the vendor . ' " Health.com : 5 natural fixes for back pain Exactly how TENS works -- or whether it does work -- is n't known . Experts believe that the electrical current may overstimulate the nerves that sense pain , confusing the brain in the process and blocking out the real pain signals . "  TENS likely has a placebo effect , but its safety and side effect profile makes it an ideal tool in approaching chronic pain syndromes , " says Derk Krieger , M.D. , Ph.D. , a neurologist at the University of Copenhagen in Denmark . In contrast to the findings on low back pain , the new guidelines state that TENS may be useful in treating nerve pain associated with diabetes , which affects up to 70 percent of people with the disease . Two studies have found that TENS has some positive effects on diabetic nerve pain , but because neither of them compared TENS with any other treatment options , it remains unclear when TENS is most appropriate to use in such cases , the guidelines say . Health.com : Diet tips for pain patients "  No recommendations can be made about when to use TENS compared to other treatments for diabetic nerve pain , " says Dubinsky . Cranny says that , in his experience , TENS has indeed proven effective for diabetic nerve pain . "  This is a whole different type of pain than typical low back pain , and my patients with diabetic nerve pain swear by it , " he says . "  If they do n't use TENS they will have a bad day , and if they do use it they will feel better . " In the new guidelines , Dubinsky and his colleague call for more studies of TENS , particularly in people who have never used the devices before . Future studies should also try to determine the optimal way to administer TENS , they write . In the meantime , says Cranny -- and the new guidelines notwithstanding -- patients have little reason not to try TENS . "  Try it , see if it works ; if it does n't , return it , " he says . "  It 's worth a shot , because there are n't too many significant side effects . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Transcutaneous electric nerve stimulation does n't help back pain , study finds TENS transmits weak electric current through electrodes at pain site Other experts say research is insufficient to completely dismiss TENS ' value Back pain is the second most common cause of disability in the U.S. after arthritis
CNN  -- It 's the season of brackets , beer and , of course , basketball . Duke Blue Devils fans cheer on their team at the ACC Tournament in Atlanta , Georgia . Come mid-March , the country falls sick with college basketball fever , and the NCAA Tournament is all the talk . As men 's college basketball comes to a close with the last game April 6 , fans are anxiously watching to see who will claim victory in this year 's national championship game . More than a century after James Naismith invented basketball at a YMCA training school in Massachusetts , the sport continues to captivate millions of fans . Over the years , college basketball has sparked great dedication among its fans , from those who camp out for three months for a ticket to those who attended games before they could read . CNN , with the help of experts at the NCAA , chose a handful of basketball towns filled with great fans , rich traditions and history that make these places worth a visit . 1 . Duke University in Durham , North Carolina , and the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill College basketball is deeply rooted in North Carolina culture , thanks to the success of the men 's teams at the University of North Carolina and Duke University . The epic rivalry between Duke 's Blue Devils and North Carolina 's Tar Heels draws in so many fans that some sports experts say it is partly responsible for reviving the waning college basketball viewership in the first half of this decade . Visitors will find that Duke basketball fans do n't shower their support only on game day . At Duke University -- seeded No. 2 in the East -- student fans , dubbed the Cameron Crazies , are so eager to snare one of the 1,200 first-come-first-serve spots in the Cameron Stadium student section that they camp out for up to three months for the infamous North Carolina-Duke matchup . The grassy tenting area outside the basketball arena , known as Krzyzewskiville , is named after Coach Mike Krzyzewski , who has been named National Coach of the Year 12 times . "  It 's so easy to become enthralled with the culture of Duke basketball , " said Joel Burrill , a senior who headed up the tenting efforts this year . Outside the stadium , visitors will discover plenty of Blue Devil spirit off-campus in Durham , a former tobacco town . Satisfaction Restaurant and Charlie 's Pub & Grille are among the favorite hot spots where visitors will discover student and local fans watching the games . About a 20-minute drive from Durham is the historic town of Chapel Hill , home to the University of North Carolina , which was seeded No. 1 in the South this year . The school has a strong record of basketball success , appearing in more than 40 NCAA tournaments . It is also the college team of professional basketball legend Michael Jordan . Adam Lucas , publisher of Tar Heel Monthly , has been decked in baby blue Carolina gear since he was a child . He even skipped school so he could attend the games with his parents , both Tar Heel alums . "  It 's not just a sport , " he explained . "  It 's the number one thing talked about during this part of the year . You 'll have trouble holding a conversation in Chapel Hill in March if you do n't know the basics of Carolina basketball . " If visitors ca n't get one of the coveted tickets to watch the game in the Dean E. Smith Center , aka the Dean Dome , there is plenty to do in the quaint city of Chapel Hill . Visitors can walk to Franklin Street , the heart of town , where eateries , shops and sports bars are ready to embrace UNC fans . They can also visit the 8,000-square-foot Carolina Basketball Museum , located on campus , which holds more than 450 interactive displays , memorabilia and photos documenting a basketball program that began more than a century ago . 2 . The University of Kansas in Lawrence To understand the fan devotion for the defending national champions and a Midwest No. 3-seeded team this year , one must make a trip to Allen Fieldhouse in Lawrence , Kansas . The Jayhawks ' indoor arena is old-school -- smaller than some college basketball stadiums -- built in the 1950s and named in honor of revered former Coach Forrest C. "  Phog " Allen . In 1952 , "  Phog " led the men 's basketball team to its first NCAA victory . The energy from thousands of fans in Allen Field House is contagious . In addition to the "  Rock Chalk Jayhawk " chant , KU students are famous for their clever antics against the other teams , particularly their longstanding rivals at the University of Missouri . But if you ca n't get a ticket during the regular season , check out the Booth Family Hall of Athletics , a 26,000-square-foot museum adjacent to the stadium . The museum , which opened about three years ago , houses artifacts and information about the history of KU athletics , including the men 's basketball team . Visitors can head to colorful Massachusetts Street , the main drag in downtown Lawrence . The street is lined with plenty of restaurants and bars catering to Jayhawks followers on game day . When Kansas beat Memphis to clinch the national championship last year , more than 100,000 fans poured into the street , university officials say . "  People who come -LSB- to Lawrence -RSB- never want to leave , " said Jennifer Sanner , a 1981 alumna and editor of Kansas Alumni magazine . "  And if you 're a basketball fan , that 's all the better . " 3 . Indiana University in Bloomington , Indiana Sure , the Hoosiers did n't have a stellar season after going 6-25 , and they did n't make it to the NCAA Tournament . After Kelvin Sampson resigned as coach in February over allegations that he had violated NCAA recruiting standards , the team lost many of its top players . Despite this , college basketball in Bloomington , Indiana , remains sacred , devout Hoosiers fans say , and they believe that the men 's team will be back in full force over the next few years . Indiana University has one of the top basketball programs in the country , winning five NCAA championships . The team was led for many years by hot-tempered but incredibly successful coach Bobby Knight . If you are lucky enough to get a ticket to see the Hoosiers play at their stadium , Assembly Hall , you will find droves of student fans . Assembly Hall holds one of the country 's largest student sections , holding more than 8,000 . Officials at Bloomington Indiana Visitors & Convention Bureau say basketball game days flood local restaurants and bars with students and local fans . The games tend to sell out , so be prepared to explore Bloomington . Most fans head to Kirkwood Avenue near campus and drop by Nick 's English Hut , where the walls are covered with Hoosiers athletic photographs and gear , or Yogi 's Grill and Bar to watch the game . "  Basketball is a religion in this state , " said Zach Osterman , the men 's basketball columnist at the university 's student newspaper , the Indiana Daily Student . "  It goes way back before Bobby Knight . It 's what people do up here . " 4 . Marquette University in Milwaukee , Wisconsin There is no football team at Marquette University in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . That means students and alumni are even more dedicated to the men 's basketball team , they say . Marquette may be a Jesuit university with just over 11,000 students , but it boasts one of the highest attendance rates at basketball games in the country . Students at Marquette do n't pitch tents like at Duke , but the games are so popular , some will bring their sleeping bags 10 hours before the game to get the best seat in the house "  It 's such a great feeling to know you can walk anywhere in the city when you have a Marquette shirt on a basketball day and people will talk to you about basketball , " said Sarah Dembkowski , a sophomore at the university . "  It gives this city a bonding feeling . " Although the West region No. 6-seeded Golden Eagles lost to the University of Missouri in the tournament last week , a trip to the Bradley Center , where the Marquette men 's basketball team plays  and where the NBA 's Milwaukee Bucks play  is well worth the visit . Marquette students , called the Superfans , are famous for their peculiar behavior , dressing up in costumes to support their team and distracting opponents with oversized cutouts of celebrities ' heads . On campus are several bars , including the Union Annex , that tout cheap beer pitchers and food specials for fans . Just several blocks from the university is downtown Milwaukee . On Water Street , where most of the fans crowd on game day , visitors can hang with the locals and enjoy a hub of sports bars , taverns and restaurants . 5 . Gonzaga University in Spokane , Washington Gonzaga University officials call it the "  Gonzaga Effect " : This small private school in Spokane , Washington , has qualified for the NCAA tournament for the 11th straight year . The Gonzaga Bulldogs men 's basketball team is an obscure team that seems to emerge from thin air each March . This year , the team entered the tournament seeded No. 4 in the South region . "  There have been a lot of one-and-done schools , who make a splash and disappear , but we 've been able to sustain it , " said Dale Goodwin , a spokesman for the university . Fans in "  the Kennel Club " at Gonzaga go wild for basketball despite the school 's smaller size . For more than 17 years of the Kennel Club 's existence , the Bulldogs have won more than 75 percent of their games , including over 90 percent during the past eight seasons , according to the Gonzaga athletic department . Visitors will be delighted to watch the games in the school 's arena , the $ 25 million McCarthey Athletic Center , which opened in 2004 . Before the opening , the basketball team was playing in a glorified high school gym , university officials said . On Hamilton Street near the university , visitors will want to head to Jack & Dan 's Tavern , which belongs to John Stockton , a former NBA and Gonzaga player . The Bulldog , which claims to have the best burgers in town , is also a popular hangout during the games . Meanwhile , Spokane is preparing to host the NCAA first - and second-round men 's basketball tournament next March . The town , tucked into eastern Washington , is excited to welcome visitors . A single event will probably bring in $ 2.75 million , according to the Spokane Regional Convention & Visitors Bureau .	Men 's college basketball will end with NCAA championship game April 6 Some Duke students camp out for three months to get a game ticket Last year , 100,000 fans poured into downtown Lawrence , Kansas , after KU 's victory Games at these basketball towns are so popular that they usually sell out
CNN  Katy Perry made our teenage dreams come true at the Super Bowl halftime show Sunday with dizzying pyrotechnics , dancing sharks and enough outfit changes to give Beyonce a run for her money . Expectations were mixed going into the show . Would she fall flat like the Patriots ' footballs or take off like a firework ? She had the support of well-wishers like ex Russell Brand , who promised baffled Brits that the halftime show would be "  amazing . " But really , we were just eager for a reprieve from the lackluster first half between the Seahawks and the Patriots . Regardless of whether you appreciated her artistry , the show delivered throughout on memorable  and meme-worthy  moments , from Perry 's entrance atop a robot tiger , dressed in a suit of flames , until her exit on a star that drew comparisons to NBC 's "  More You Know " logo . Much of the credit goes to guest stars Lenny Kravitz and Missy Elliott , whom some deemed more worthy of the spotlight . First up was Kravitz , who joined in a duet of "  I Kissed A Girl . " People were excited if not somewhat confused by the pairing . Then , Perry transitioned to a tropical landscape of dancing beach balls , palm trees and sharks for "  California Girls , " and everyone started wondering whether we were in a "  Teenage Dream " or on a bad acid trip . Luckily , Snoop Dogg chimed in to assure us that yes , the landscape was real , and he knows because he was there . Then , Missy Elliott arrived to help Perry get her freak on , much to everyone 's delight . Some would say she stole the show . But , the real kicker was her exit on a star that drew comparisons to NBC 's famous "  more you know " star . What 's the verdict ? Overall , most seemed to delight in roasting Perry , and were generally pleased that the show delivered enough moments to make into memes and objects of mockery . Our friends at HLN probably said it best : " @katyperry 's dancing sharks are the thing to beat this #SuperBowl Sunday . "	Social media delight in Katy Perry 's halftime show Beach landscape draws comparisons to acid trips
CNN  -- What are the odds that Jenny McCarthy and Donnie Wahlberg will give us the '90s wedding of our dreams ? The former Playboy model and current "  The View " co-host revealed on Wednesday 's show that she and singer/actor Wahlberg are getting hitched . "  I just got engaged ! " McCarthy gleefully shared on the ABC morning show while revealing her engagement ring , which features a yellow sapphire stone . Wahlberg popped the question last weekend with help from McCarthy 's 11-year-old son , Evan , and on Wednesday joined his bride-to-be on "  The View . " On Twitter , Wahlberg , 44 , had only one word for the announcement : " #Happy . " This will be the second marriage for both McCarthy , 41 , and Wahlberg , 44 . McCarthy 's marriage to director John Asher ended in 2005 , and Wahlberg 's nine-year marriage to Kim Fey ended in 2008 . While McCarthy was pretty convinced that she 'd never marry again , it seems being with Wahlberg changed her mind . The couple began dating publicly last summer , and in November the TV personality said that she was starting to view marriage as a possibility . "  You know , I 've said on every interview that I was like , ` Never , I 'll never get married again , ever , ' and , of course , you never say never , " she told Bethenny Frankel on her talk show , "  Bethenny . " "  I think he would be an amazing husband , so if he does  propose  , I would for sure say yes . "	Jenny McCarthy announced her engagement to Donnie Wahlberg on "  The View " The couple have been dating since last summer McCarthy was previously unsure if she 'd marry again
CNN  -- It 's the midst of peak cruising season , and millions of travelers are eagerly embarking on exotic vacations without thinking they could ever fall victim to a crime at sea . Cunard Cruise Lines ' Queen Mary 2 sails into Sydney . Cunard says it has kits to aid rape investigations aboard . But sexual and physical assaults were the leading crimes committed onboard cruise ships in recent years , the FBI says . In March , a 42-year-old female passenger aboard the Coral Princess says a Portuguese crew member sexually assaulted her during a cruise , according to an FBI affidavit . The woman met the 38-year-old crew member for drinks in a dining room on the cruise ship operated by Princess Cruises , which did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . The friendly encounter turned terrifying , the woman told the FBI , after her assailant blocked the doors to the room , trapping her inside , and forced her to perform oral sex . "  Travelers have this idea they are in a special cocoon where nothing bad can happen , " says Charles Lipcon , a leading maritime lawyer in Miami , Florida , who is representing the alleged victim from the Coral Princess and has handled more than a hundred cruise assault cases in the last decade . "  That 's just not true . " Addressing cruise ship violence has become an important issue for lawmakers as the $ 22 billion cruise industry proliferates . About 12 million North Americans will set sail on a cruise this year , according to the Cruise Lines International Association , a trade organization representing the industry . Cruise crimes have made headlines in recent years , like the Connecticut newlywed who vanished from his Royal Caribbean honeymoon cruise in 2005 . Last Tuesday , the U.S. Coast Guard began searching for a passenger who went missing on a Carnival cruise ship . Though cruise companies do n't display crime statistics to the public , they are required to report serious incidents involving Americans to the FBI and U.S. Coast Guard . Salvador Hernandez , deputy assistant director at the FBI in 2007 , told lawmakers that the FBI opened 184 cases on crimes that occurred aboard cruise ships between 2002 and early 2007 . The cruise industry points out that those numbers are small when compared with the number of passengers served by the industry -- about 64 million in that same five-year period . Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Rep. Doris Matsui of California have introduced the 2009 Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act , which requires the cruise industry to publicly report crimes and improve safety on board . It mandates peepholes and security latches in cabins . This week , several victims of cruise crimes will meet with senators to discuss the issue . The cruise industry says that it is "  working closely " with lawmakers on the bill and that passenger safety is a top priority . Royal Caribbean International , the second-largest cruise vacation company , has closed-circuit television cameras in hundreds of public locations on its ships , according to the company 's Web site . Cunard Lines , which operates luxury cruises , would n't share security details with CNN but said its ships carry kits that investigators need to gather evidence of rape . The number of attacks on ships is probably higher than reported , sexual assault experts say , because rape victims are afraid to come forward on an isolated ship with perpetrators in close quarters . They also say cruise travelers are at a higher risk for attack because of readily available alcohol and a partying mentality on the vessels , which haul an average of 2,000 passengers each from across the globe . Of the attacks investigated by the FBI , a majority involved the use of alcohol . Cruise lines disagree , saying people are safer on the ships than they are in their own communities . The companies provide 24-hour security and screen passengers ' belongings . "  The cruise ship is a closed community , " said Michael Crye , executive vice president of the Cruise Lines International Association . Security officers "  have absolute access to everyone onboard , " he said , because each person has been documented before boarding the ship . Authorities say passengers should report crimes immediately to a cruise line security officer or staff member on board . There are no U.S.-mandated "  cruise police , " nor are FBI agents assigned to cruise ships . "  It 's unclear what you should do when you 're on a ship , " says Evelyn Fortier , vice president of policy at the Rape , Abuse & Incest National Network . "  1-800 numbers do n't always work when you 're at sea . " Some attorneys say the security and medical authorities aboard the ships may be biased in their investigations . "  The cruise workers are paid by the cruise lines . Do you honestly think the cruise ship doctor will be favorable toward the victim ? " says Michael Ehline , a maritime attorney in Los Angeles , California . Vessels need independent , third-party security officers and cruise doctors , critics say . They point out that even the airline industry has federal air marshals on planes with international itineraries . Attorneys for the victims also point out that FBI statistics on cruise crime show that in nearly half of the incidents , a crew member is the suspect , which may deter victims from coming forward because they do n't know which employees to trust . The Cruise Lines International Association says on its Web site that the industry 's work force is prescreened by the U.S. State Department , which is responsible for issuing work visas to foreigners working on ships that stop in U.S. ports . Many passengers are unaware that being on a cruise ship is equivalent to being in a foreign country . Vessels are typically foreign-flagged from countries like Liberia and Panama . Cruise lines are n't obligated to follow the crime investigation and reporting guidelines that law enforcement would follow on U.S. soil , attorneys say . Filing lawsuits can also be difficult when the crime occurs in foreign waters because the trials can sometimes take place in courts abroad . "  They -LSB- cruise lines -RSB- will commit to nothing , " says Ken Carver , president of International Cruise Victims , a nonprofit group . "  They will sell you the tickets , " he says , "  and then fail to take responsibility . " Carver 's daughter disappeared on a Celebrity cruise ship in 2004 . He filed a lawsuit in 2005 accusing the cruise company of hiding information about her disappearance . The suit was settled a year later . Some attorneys question the training of private cruise ship security officers . Laurie Dishman , 38 , testified before Congress that she was raped aboard a Royal Caribbean ship three years ago . She said cruise staff instructed her to gather evidence , so she and a friend went to the cabin where the assault occurred and piled her clothes and bed sheets into plastic bags they were given . "  We did n't know what we were doing , " says Dishman . She said she was later told by authorities there was n't enough evidence to prosecute a criminal case . "  It makes me frustrated looking back that the cruise lines did n't handle evidence properly . " Dishman 's suit against Royal Caribbean was settled in early 2008 . She says she ca n't disclose the amount . Cruise industry officials say their security officers are trained in how to preserve evidence . Carnival Cruise Lines , the largest cruise company in the world , says its security personnel must have previous security , military or law enforcement experience . Even if evidence is gathered properly by cruise security , the time that elapses between the crime and FBI involvement may threaten the integrity of an investigation . In the Coral Princess case in March , three days passed before the ship docked in California and FBI agents could step aboard . That incident , however , was handled in exemplary fashion , say attorneys and even some cruise line critics . The evidence was sufficient enough for the U.S. District Attorney 's Office in the Central District of California to charge the alleged offender , Jorge Manuel Teixeira , with aggravated sexual abuse . Teixeira is pleading not guilty to the federal offense , which carries a possible life sentence . Teixeira says the encounter was consensual , according to his attorney . Thom Mrozek , a spokesman for the U.S. District Attorney 's Office prosecuting Teixeira , said charging offenders with cruise-related crimes can also be complicated by challenges such as tracking key witnesses abroad . The biggest threat , though , is the time lag , when valuable evidence can disappear or be tampered with , he said . "  When we can bring the case , we 'll bring the case , " he said . "  Teixeira is a good example . "	In a five-year period , the FBI opened 184 criminal cases aboard cruise ships Lawmakers introduced Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act to improve security Attacks are more likely on cruises because of alcohol , experts say Cruise lines say they provide 24-hour security , screen passengers ' belongings
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- Jordanians completed voting Wednesday in a landmark election that one outside observer said was free of any violations , the state-run news agency Petra said . As their country undergoes political strains and electoral reforms , about 1.3 million Jordanians went to the polls , representing 56.6 % of registered voters , said Independent Elections Commission spokesman Hussein Bani Hani . David Martin , head of the European Union 's Election Observation Mission in Jordan , praised measures taken by a newly created commission in managing the elections and said there were no violations . The mission will hold a press conference Friday morning . Official results will be announced by noon Thursday , Hani said , according to Petra . In the 17th time Jordan has gone to the polls to elect a parliament since becoming a nation in 1946 , Wednesday 's balloting was an election of firsts . For the first time , the country has allowed observers . It was the first time that an independent election commission oversaw polling . "  These elections today are the culmination of a constitutional process , the beginning of a new phase of reforms . It is a continuing process , " said Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh . On Wednesday , Prime Minister Abdullah Ensour said he had not yet submitted his resignation to King Abdullah II until elections are completed , Petra reported . Jordanians who are part of the Muslim Brotherhood were said to be boycotting the election -- an action Ensour described as not democratic , Petra said . Voting is a duty , he said . If voter turnout is deemed weak , Ensour said , it will be mainly due to people 's frustrations with the performance of former parliaments and the suspicion that surrounded previous polls . Still , Jordan could be a model for the Arab world in holding free and fair elections , Ensour said . "  Fair elections can not only be ensured by the government and its agencies but also by candidates , voters and civil society institutions , " Ensour said , adding that the government and the Independent Elections Commission did their utmost to fight any electoral corruption . The king has stated in discussion papers that the new prime minister will be designated based on consultations with the parliamentary bloc that has the majority , Ensour said . The deliberate steps at transparency are crucial for a country that 's under a great deal of political strain -- and whose stability has ramifications for the world outside its borders . Recent events have threatened the fragile monarchy to the point that some analysts are warning of collapse . What began with protests by the Islamic Action Front , Jordan 's branch of the Muslim Brotherhood , has given way to broader unrest led by tribal factions known as al-Hirak  the movement  . Al-Hirak demands an end to corruption and calls for a new era of political reform in Jordan in which Islamists are almost sure to dominate . In an effort to quell the protests , Jordan 's ruler , King Abdullah II , dissolved parliament last year and amended election laws . In a region rocked by Arab Spring upheavals , Jordan has been relatively stable and is one of the few friends Israel has . It is amid this backdrop that most Jordanians went to the polls . Opposition groups boycotted it . "  Elections have been fairly smooth so far , " said David Martin , chief observer of the European Union Election Observing Mission . Some polling stations reported minor technical glitches , but there had been no "  signs of intimidation , " he said . Security and observers Wednesday 's balloting took place under the watchful eye of 47,000 police officers and another 7,000 election observers . "  Opening the door to observers -- international , Arab and local -- is proof that we trust ourselves and that there 's nothing to hide , " said Samih Maaytah , a government spokesman . "  The Jordanian Parliamentary Elections are under the scrutiny of the entire world . And we 're in the time of the Arab Spring and nobody 's afraid to say anything . " Judeh , speaking Wednesday to CNN , said his country had "  anticipated the Arab Spring , " so the king began reforms "  many years ago . " But he acknowledged that protests in the region expedited the changes inside Jordan . More than 3 million Jordanians were eligible to vote for candidates to the new 150-member House of Deputies , officials said . A field of more than 1,400 candidates vied for the seats . "  Nothing undermines the legitimacy of any election except the lack of participation by the electorate , by the people who are eligible to vote , " Judeh said . Muslim Brotherhood opts out The reforms made by the Jordanian government were not enough to satisfy the Muslim Brotherhood , which felt the new electoral laws favored the monarchy . Despite their rejection , the government continued to encourage them to take part in the process . "  We told the Brotherhood members who are boycotting that we invite you to exercise the same logic that your brothers in Egypt with the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood exercised when there was a dispute over the constitution and not the law , " Maaytah said . "  They invited Egyptians to the ballot box . So we invite you to the ballot box here . " In a discussion paper posted on Jordan 's U.S. Embassy website , Abdullah said the country is transitioning to a parliamentary government and has "  enhanced the separation of powers , the checks and balances of our governance system , the independence of our judiciary and the inalienable rights of our citizens . " Jordan has amended one-third of the constitution and established a constitutional court , the king said . "  These actions empower the Jordanian people to shape the country 's future in a way that is more transparent , fair and inclusive than ever before , " Abdullah wrote . "  Crafting a modern democratic society will be the product of our learning and developing together over time , not a single moment or set of reforms . " Time for a change The United States has said it supports both the king 's road map for reform -- which gradually shifts more power to the elected parliament -- and demands for a more inclusive political process . But the two may not be compatible . The tribes do n't want to see the largely urban Muslim Brotherhood -- which derives much of its support from Jordan 's Palestinian population , which makes up about half the country -- gain power at their expense . Pinched by an economic crisis that has left the government virtually bankrupt and unrest in neighboring countries , Abdullah faces a challenge that may not be satisfied by all the firsts represented in this election . CNN 's Ed Payne and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report . Mohammed Jamjoom and Samira Said contributed from Amman ; Michael Martinez , from Los Angeles .	NEW : Official results expected around noon Thursday Turnout is 56.6 % of registered voters , official says King Abdullah II says reforms will make Jordan "  more transparent , fair and inclusive " Voting is completed with no reports of electoral violations , officials say
CNN  -- Banned Pakistani cricketer Mohammad Amir could face more disciplinary action from the sport 's governing body amid reports he took part in a village match in England . The 19-year-old fast bowler was forbidden from taking part in all forms of cricket for five years in February after being found guilty of deliberately bowling no balls in the spot-fixing scandal that engulfed Pakistan 's series with England last year . Amir insisted that he was told his appearance for Surrey village side Addington 1743 would not violate his ban because it was a friendly match . But the International Cricket Council have confirmed to CNN that they will be investigating the incident and could mete out further punishment . Colin Gibson , the ICC 's Head of Media and Communications , said , "  We are investigating and awaiting the details . If true , it is clearly a breach of the sanction imposed in February . "  The ban is absolutely worldwide covering all levels and any activities connected with cricket . What might happen next is a hypothetical question at this stage . " British newspaper The Daily Star reported Wednesday that Amir played in the game against St Luke 's and took four wickets before scoring 60 runs with the bat . He is said to have left before the end of the match . Two of Amir 's teammates , former Pakistan captain Salman Butt and bowler Mohammad Asif were also banned by the ICC , for ten and seven years respectively , for their part in the gambling ring . Quotes from Amir appeared on Pakistani cricket web site PakPassion.net on which he is reported to have said : "  I was informed by club representatives before the game that it was a friendly match , being played on a privately owned cricket ground . "  I asked the club representatives if the match fell under the jurisdiction of the ECB  England and Wales Cricket Board  and they informed me that the match did not . "  I spoke to several club representatives about the issue , and they all told me that it was a friendly match and therefore would not contravene my ban from the ICC . I would not be stupid enough to knowingly play in a match that I knew would contravene my ban . "  Wherever I am going to play cricket , the world will know about it . I would not be stupid enough to play in a match where I knew that I would be taking a risk . " Meanwhile , the ICC confirmed England wicketkeeper Matt Prior has been "  reprimanded " for smashing a window at Lord 's after being run out during the second Test match with Sri Lanka . Prior was angry at being dismissed and hurled his bat down in the dressing room , causing another bat to smash the window , shattering glass on several spectators and allegedly cutting the ankle of a member of the crowd . Prior apologized immediately , and the ICC acknowledged that the incident was "  purely accidental and without malice , " though they could still fine the player up to 50 percent of his match fee . England team director Andy Flower saw the incident and told the ECB 's official web site : "  There was no real malicious intent at all . He was a little frustrated and shoved his bat in the corner , and it knocked around and bounced off one or two other bats and hit the pane of glass . "  It was a freak accident but definitely an accident . It is a shame that people will think anything other than that . It is not a major incident by any stretch of the imagination , and everybody should put it behind them really . "  If there was more to it , then of course it should be taken further . But there really is not . "	ICC to investigate reports Mohammad Amir took part in a village game in England Amir is serving a five-year ban from cricket after being found guilty of corruption The 19-year-old Pakistani says he thought the match did not contravene his ban Matt Prior reprimanded by ICC for smashing a window at Lord 's cricket ground
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Behind high , whitewashed walls in the middle of dusty , noisy Kabul is a sacred place respected by all who come through its gates . Many who enter are unable to walk into the compound , which was built as a kindergarten by the occupying Soviets back in the 1970s . Instead , the majority of the men , women and children are carried in on stretchers from the back of ambulances -- their bloodied bodies riddled with bullets and shrapnel ; their flesh and organs ripped apart by rockets and machine gun fire . And while most are innocent victims , caught in the middle of Afghanistan 's ongoing war against the Taliban insurgency , some of the patients are responsible for the pain and trauma that is being treated . This is Emergency Hospital -- an international NGO run predominantly by Italians -- and it treats all victims of war . Teenage victims On the afternoon we arrive to watch Emergency and its staff in action , two teenage boys are rushed in from Andar in Ghazni Province -- a Taliban stronghold where some of the worst fighting takes place each day . Najibullah , who is only 15 , lies motionless in the ambulance -- part of his jaw has been blown off and he 's lost a lot of blood . He 's quickly wheeled into the emergency room where doctors and nursing staff immediately go into overdrive to keep him alive . On the bed next to him , his 13-year-old cousin moans in pain . As a doctor removes the blood-soaked bandages wrapped around his right hand , blood gushes onto the floor from where his fingers once were . The boys had been herding sheep when they walked on a landmine -- a crude yet lethal device that 's responsible for at least half the injuries treated at Emergency Hospital . In less than 10 minutes , the boys are prepared for surgery and wheeled into the operating theater . Despite the howls of agony , the torn flesh , mutilated limbs and Najibullah 's life threatening injuries , the staff work quickly , calmly and professionally -- each highly skilled at their job , knowing exactly what they need to do to save lives . "  This is nothing out of the ordinary , " explains Emergency Hospital Program Coordinator Emanuele Nannini . "  This is what we do every single day . " Twenty minutes later another ambulance arrives with more casualties of this war . Business as usual in this bloody conflict . Life-saving work Nannini is one of a dozen Italians and foreigners committed to giving free and proper medical treatment to victims of conflict zones around the world . Founded by Italian surgeon Gino Strada , Emergency was first set up in Iraq in 1994 . Then in 1999 , Strada came to Afghanistan , initially working with the Mujahideen in the Panjshir Valley , north of the capital , before receiving permission from the Taliban , who were governing at the time , to set up Emergency Hospital in Kabul in 2000 . Through his life saving work , Strada and Emergency pressured the Italian parliament to ban the production of landmines . A law that still stands today . Inspired by his fellow countryman , Nannini arrived in Kabul five years ago with a plan to stay only six months . "  It 's an amazing place , " he says . "  Very challenging but also very interesting . Every year I say is the last year but it 's very difficult to leave . You get very connected to the place , the people and the hospital . " I ask Nannini what he hates about his job . "  Seeing children injured , suffering , crying , " he replies without hesitation . "  Unfortunately we see a lot of suffering every day . But we also see a lot of resilience . Afghans are very strong and they 're really hoping to have a better future . And while our statistics show a dramatic change and an increase in fighting ... I also think Afghan people are tired of the conflict and they want peace . " Dr. Reinhold Perkmann -- a professor of Cardiovascular Surgery back in Italy -- has been volunteering his lifesaving skills since his first mission to Afghanistan in 2009 . He did the night shift and saw his last patient at 5 a.m. Eight hours later he 's back in ER treating patients who 've undergone serious trauma because of this seemingly endless war . He says he 's not suffering from the "  help syndrome " but rather doing what he was trained to do in a country crying out for skilled medical professionals . Fighting season "  I 'm here because I 'm a doctor and I think that everybody needs help and here in Afghanistan the help is very needed . " Perkmann says almost half the cases he sees are children -- blown up by landmines -- and the statistics are only going to get worse once fighting season gets underway with the arrival of the warmer weather . "  I see so many children losing their limbs because of these landmines , " he says . "  It 's hard enough for these people to live in this country , let alone as amputees . It 's such a tragic situation . " Emergency Hospital 's medical coordinator , Luca Radaelli , jokes with the patients , especially the young ones , hoping to put a smile on their weary faces . But he admits the years of pain and suffering that he 's witnessed are starting to wear on him . "  I hate when we ca n't do anything else , we ca n't make a difference because the patient is in too bad condition , " he says . "  We all try but sometimes it 's not enough . " One patient in particular was seven-month-old Mohammadullah . The baby boy was in his mother 's arms when they were caught in the middle of a firefight -- a bullet hit his spinal cord and the fracture led to meningitis . Despite positive signs of improvement , the infant died two weeks later in the Intensive Care ward surrounded by the staff who had lovingly cared for him . "  That affected all of us , " says Radaelli with a heavy heart and a sigh . "  We were so hopeful he was going to survive . But this is life in Afghanistan . " OPINION : After Karzai , Afghanistan at perilous crossroads	Emergency Hospital -- an international NGO -- treats victims of Afghanistan 's war Founded by Italian surgeon Gino Strada , Emergency was first set up in Iraq in 1994 Many of the victims of this brutal conflict are children , according to staff there
CNN  This weekend , millions of people are expected to tune in to watch two men beat each other up . Why is this ? We 'll explore , but first let 's get something out of the way : The big fight between Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather wo n't "  save " boxing , a sport that has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday . If anything , the so-called "  Fight of the Century " just reinforces the sport 's problems , as two aging heroes collide in what might be the last nationally relevant fight for a very long time . There 's so much wrong with boxing 's business model , but all you really need to understand is this : Most sports fans probably ca n't name a single active boxer after Mayweather and Pacquiao . Some might know that the long-reigning heavyweight champ is a towering Ukrainian with a boring jab-happy style , but most would n't come up with his name  Wladimir Klitschko  . Boxing is n't fading away because we 've finally awoken to its brutality but from a combination of catastrophic mismanagement and competition from Mixed Martial Arts -- a younger , more dynamic and better-managed competitor . The rocket rise of MMA 's premier organization , the Ultimate Fighting Championship , has matched boxing 's equally dramatic decline . In the course of just two decades , the UFC has grown from a freaky-violent carny sideshow into a mainstream sport . In fact , the fan base of the UFC now rivals that of the world 's most popular fighting sport : ice hockey . Some aficionados spin elaborate defenses of the hundreds of fist fights that break out every year in NHL games , claiming they make the game safer by punishing dirty play . But that 's so weak . Everyone knows why the NHL has n't cracked down on fighting hard enough to end it : fans love it way too much . As the hockey announcer Don Cherry once said , "  When -LSB- legendary tough guy -RSB- Bob Probert was fighting , did you ever see anyone get out of their seat and go get coffee . " But why do we like to watch fights in the first place ? Over the past 20 years , I 've watched boxing and MMA in a spirit of nervous fascination . Watching fighters kick , punch and strangle each other , I 'd be thinking , I 'm a civilized person . I appear not to be a sociopath . So why am I watching ? What 's wrong with me ? And what 's wrong with all of us ? Who among us has n't felt the giddy , guilty thrill of a fistfight breaking out -- whether in a schoolyard , a hockey rink or a prize ring ? We all claim to hate violence , but I think we protest too much . Inside us all , there 's a creature that adores it . How else are we to explain our yen for carnage in rough sports , films , gory video games and literature ? So is that it ? Are we drawn to a big fight like Mayweather-Pacquiao simply by bloodlust and barbarism ? Actually , I think that 's only part of the story , and not the biggest part . If we just wanted blood and pain , we would n't bother with the tame violence of pay-per-view fisticuffs . Instead , we 'd fire up a web browser and watch ISIS snuff videos for free . But many people who feel no temptation to watch Internet snuff feel sorely tempted to watch a big fight . What 's going on ? There 's a great literature on boxing , with contributions from writers such as Ernest Hemingway , Norman Mailer and Joyce Carol Oates . For them , boxing is n't really a sport . You ca n't play boxing like you can play tennis . They compared boxing to a rite , or a religion , or above all to theater , complete with spotlit performers improvising on an elevated stage . A fight was drama sweated down to the bones -- a metaphor for the whole human condition , with everything noble and ugly on display . While it may seem like a stretch , I think we are drawn to prizefights less to revel in what 's dark and nasty in human nature than to honor what 's good and noble . Prizefights set up conditions of dramatic adversity that evoke what we admire most in human beings : extremes of courage , grace , fortitude and even heroism . So should we feel virtuous as we watch Mayweather and Pacquiao 's epic brain damage contest ? I would n't go that far . Perhaps such spectacles really should , as most of the world 's medical societies insist , be abolished . Most of us feel ambivalent toward prizefighting because we should . A fight puts the darkest stuff in human nature on display : the bared fangs , the blood , the frenetic drive to do harm . But all that dark stuff draws out the best stuff , and turns a great fight into a showcase for the indomitability of human will . When Mayweather and Pacquiao clash at center ring on Saturday night , the good angels of human nature will yearn to turn away -- and to lean in .	Jonathan Gottschall : Millions to tune in to see Mayweather-Pacquiao fight , but this does n't show resurgence of declining sport of boxing So why will so many watch?He says a fight is metaphor for the whole human condition , with everything noble and ugly on display
Washington  CNN  -- New disclosures that the Internal Revenue Service targeted liberals as well as conservatives in assessing applications for tax-exempt status have reshaped perceptions of the scandal , shifting the focus away from Republican claims of political villainy . IRS targeting included liberal groups Investigations by the FBI , congressional committees , the Treasury inspector general 's office and the IRS continue , but Monday 's revelations bolstered assertions by agency officials and Democrats that the problem was egregious mismanagement instead of intentional misconduct by the Obama administration . Shifting polls contradict key deposition House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California told CNN on Tuesday that the priority now should be to ensure that laws and regulations prohibiting political groups from getting tax-exempt status are properly enforced , regardless of whether organizations are on left or right . "  These groups are in some ways giving the appearance that their primary purpose is the common good , the common welfare ... when they are actively engaged in political activity , for which they should n't be getting a tax deduction , " Pelosi said . However , Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin argued too many questions remain unanswered to stop investigating whether politics played a role in the controversy . "  What we still do n't know is who ordered this kind of targeting , why did it take so long for them to clean it up ? " Ryan , the 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee , told CBS . Asked if the claim of political motivation now seemed less valid , he responded : "  I do n't know the answer to that , so we 're going to let the facts take us where they take us . " In particular , Ryan said he wanted more details on why conservative-oriented groups had their tax-exempt applications stalled and experienced harassing behavior by the IRS , such as having to answer inappropriate questions about the beliefs and activities of members . At the same time , he sounded like Pelosi in saying the bigger question involved the practice of targeting , rather than who specifically got targeted . CNN Poll : Did White House order IRS targeting ? "  We know that the IRS did target people based upon their political beliefs , " Ryan said . "  Who cares whether they 're right or left ? ... The fact that they 're targeting people for harassment based upon their political beliefs should be cause enough alone for outrage . " That 's a big change from inferences by GOP leaders in recent weeks that the Obama administration was likely behind the targeting that started in 2010 in an effort to subdue political rivals . With no evidence to date of any such connection , it was unclear how hard congressional committees would continue pushing the issue . The GOP-led House Ways and Means Committee has scheduled a hearing on Thursday on an initial review of the IRS targeting by the agency 's temporary leader , Daniel Werfel . President Barack Obama appointed Werfel to clean up the IRS mess last month after an inspector general 's audit uncovered targeting of applications that contained conservative-themed words such as "  tea party . " The audit by Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration J. Russell George only cited the targeting of conservative groups , which it said ended in May 2012 . Read IRS watchdog 's report In his first substantive report on the agency , Werfel said Monday that its tax-exempt unit used multiple lists of inappropriate criteria in assessing tax-exempt applications until earlier this month , more than a year later than previously revealed . The "  Be on the Lookout " or BOLO lists included liberal-themed words such as "  progressives " and other politically oriented terms such as "  occupy " and "  medical marijuana " in alerting IRS workers to check for unacceptable political activities , according to copies made available by Democratic Rep. Sander Levin of Michigan . Werfel said he has suspended the use of BOLO lists in considering tax-exempt applications for now . A statement by Levin questioned why George 's audit focused only on BOLO lists that contained conservative labels . The inspector general 's report "  served as the basis and impetus for a wide range of congressional investigations , and this new information shows that the foundation of those investigations is flawed in a fundamental way , " Levin 's statement said . A spokesperson for George later responded that the report focused only on BOLO criteria used to refer cases for extra scrutiny of potential political activity that would make groups ineligible for tax-exempt status . Republicans have claimed the controversy amounted to political retribution against enemies of the administration , an accusation denied by the White House and the IRS . McConnell : Obama administration a ` culture of intimidation ' In response to Levin 's statement , House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Rep. Dave Camp , R-Michigan , said the inclusion of "  progressives " on a BOLO list did not prove that liberal groups underwent the same extra scrutiny of conservative groups cited in the inspector general 's report . The release of George 's audit last month ignited a political firestorm in Washington while fueling conservative mistrust of Obama 's administration as an example of big government gone wild . Werfel noted Monday that his internal investigation , while still incomplete , found no evidence so far of intentional wrongdoing by IRS personnel or involvement by anyone outside the IRS . He also said no evidence had emerged that in appropriate targeting extended into other areas of the agency . Five IRS managers have been replaced , from the previous acting commissioner whom Werfel succeeded to the head of the unit based in Cincinnati that handles tax-exempt applications . In addition , Werfel created an Accountability Review Board to recommend within 60 days "  any additional personnel actions necessary to hold accountable those responsible " for the targeting disclosed by the inspector general 's report . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday that Obama believes Werfel 's report "  is an important step in ensuring accountability for any staff that acted inappropriately , identifies the failures in their systems that allowed the misconduct to happen , and takes a forward-looking systemic view at the agency 's management . " In his audit that disclosed the misconduct , George said there was no evidence of a political motive . However , he is continuing to investigate the matter , along with the FBI and the congressional committees . As part of his review , Werfel said 80 groups awaiting IRS action on their applications for tax exempt status for more than 120 days could self-register with the agency as long as they certified under penalty of perjury that they would comply with applicable laws and regulations . At the heart of the matter is what kind of organization can qualify for tax-exempt status . Regulations limit such status to groups primarily involved in social welfare activities , while political groups are considered ineligible . Confusion over defining what constitutes political activity versus social welfare activity contributed to the targeting by the IRS , Werfel said . An IRS statement on Monday said the "  safe-harbor " option for self-certification would apply to groups that "  certify they devote 60 % or more of both their spending and time on activities that promote social welfare . " "  At the same time , they must certify that political campaign intervention involves 40 % or less of both their spending and time , " the statement said . Applicants meeting those thresholds would get approval within two weeks of seeking self-certification , it said . Earlier : What 's a 501  c   4  ? Werfel said the IRS would continue checking on tax-exempt groups to ensure they were following the law . Separately , the House Oversight Committee , which has been aggressively investigating the IRS matter , plans to meet on Friday to consider a resolution aimed at resolving questions about whether a key agency official must testify . Lois Lerner was the director of exempt organizations when the agency filtered applications for tax exempt status . She appeared before the committee in May and said she had broken no laws or regulations and then invoked her constitutional right not to answer questions . Lerner pleads the 5th Several committee Republicans questioned whether she waived that right by making her opening statement , and Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa said she could be called back at a later date if that were the case . CNN 's Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Liberal and conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status got targeted Pelosi : The priority is stopping political groups from getting tax breaks Ryan : Unanswered questions require further questions A House committee holds the next hearing on the issue Thursday
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A second lingerie-modeling photo of Miss California USA Carrie Prejean has appeared after she assured pageant officials this week that the earlier shot was the only one she had appeared in . Miss California USA Carrie Prejean may lose her crown because of some semi-nude photos she appeared in . The Web site that published the first picture published a second one Wednesday . It had already promised to "  slowly roll out " more photos . After the appearance of the first photo , the possibility that racier images could emerge prompted "  closed-door meetings " Tuesday to consider stripping Prejean of her beauty queen title , pageant spokesman Ron Neal said . Although Neal said Prejean "  breached her contract " by keeping the semi-nude photo or photos a secret , the only pictures published so far appear about as revealing as the bikini Prejean wore in the pageant 's swimsuit competition . "  We have been told by Carrie Prejean there are no other photos other than the one circulating in existence . She should know better than anyone , " Miss California USA Director Keith Lewis said Wednesday before the latest photo was released . Watch reaction to racy photos " Pageant officials were not immediately available for comment on the new picture . The 21-year-old Miss USA contestant has been the center of controversy since she declared her opposition to same-sex marriage in a response to a question on the national pageant stage last month . She finished as runner-up to Miss USA . In a statement given to CNN on Tuesday , Prejean said the photos -- and she did use the plural -- were being used in a "  vicious and mean-spirited " effort to silence her for "  defending traditional marriage . " While she vowed to "  continue to support and defend marriage as the honorable institution it is , " Prejean may be doing so without the Miss California USA title . State pageant officials met Tuesday with lawyers and representatives of Donald Trump , who owns the international competition , to consider whether they had grounds to take the crown away from Prejean , according to Neal . "  When you compete for Miss California , you 're supposed to disclose whether you posed for nude or semi-nude photos , because it 's grounds for disqualification , " he said . CNN obtained a copy of the pageant contract Prejean signed last year , in which she agreed that the discovery of semi-nude photos could mean disqualification . The first photo made public shows Prejean -- who said she was 17 at the time -- wearing pink panties and no top . She is turned away from the camera , with her arm hiding most of her breast . The second photo is essentially the same , but Prejean is looking over her opposite shoulder . It was unclear whether pageant officials would consider that a semi-nude photo , in light of their standard requirement that contestants parade across stage wearing a bikini that arguably shows more skin . Ahead of the second photo being published , Nik Richie -- of TheDirty.com -- said he was upgrading his Web site 's servers to handle the flood of traffic he expects will come after he posts the additional photos . "  I will slowly roll these out , " Richie said . The Web site appeared to be overwhelmed by traffic early Thursday . CNN tried to access it , but could not . "  We 'll see what happens with those and we want to know who 's releasing them , " Neal said . Shanna Moakler , the co-executive director of the Miss California USA organization , will meet with Tami Farrell , the runner-up for the title , "  to discuss the possible next steps , " Neal said . Prejean defended the photos , which she said were taken when she was a teenager aspiring to be a Victoria 's Secret model . "  I am a Christian , and I am a model , " she said . "  Models pose for pictures , including lingerie and swimwear photos . " She said the photos "  have been released surreptitiously to a tabloid Web site that openly mocks me for my Christian faith . " "  I am not perfect , and I will never claim to be , " she said . "  But these attacks on me and others who speak in defense of traditional marriage are intolerant and offensive . While we may not agree on every issue , we should show respect for others ' opinions and not try to silence them through vicious and mean-spirited attacks . " Her publicist , Melany Ethridge , confirmed a comment she gave to celebrity Web site TMZ in which she said Prejean was 17 when she posed for the photos , hoping they would land her a modeling job . "  In her naivete , an agent convinced her to pose for this photo to submit to a lingerie company , claiming they could make her the next Victoria 's Secret model , " Ethridge told TMZ . "  She has since learned what a lie that was , and what a mistake it was to have the photo taken . " Prejean announced last week that she would star in a new $ 1.5 million ad campaign supporting "  opposite marriage "  marriage between a man and a woman  funded by the National Organization for Marriage . "  Marriage is good , " Prejean said at a news conference announcing the ad campaign . "  There is something special about unions of husband and wife . Unless we bring men and women together , children will not have mothers and fathers . " CNN 's Aileen Martinez contributed to this report .	Miss California USA Carrie Prejean says she posed for one semi-nude photo A Web site says it has more photos of Prejean , and plans to slowly roll them out Prejean is in the news for her response to question about same-sex marriage
New York  CNN  -- Two workers were rescued more than 550 feet above the streets of midtown Manhattan on Wednesday afternoon after their scaffolding buckled near the top of the Hearst Tower , the New York Fire Department said . The agency 's chief of special operations told CNN the workers , who spent 90 minutes dangling near the top of the building , suffered "  no immediate medical incidents . " William Seelig said firefighters cut through a double-paned window on the 45th floor and brought the workers in through the newly created hole . It took about 30 minutes for authorities to cut through the glass and send a firefighter onto the scaffolding to assist the workers . Moses Neslon , a paramedic who attended to the men , said one was in his 20s and the other was in his 40s . They were smiling throughout the whole ordeal , he said . "  All this for us ? " one of the men jokingly asked him . The firefighter who helped guide them into the building , Tom Gayron , told reporters it was n't especially windy , despite the height . He said the workers stayed calm as he helped them . Seelig said the scaffolding , which bent sharply near the middle , was secured and passers-by on the street were in no danger . The workers were doing building maintenance , another fire official said . The Hearst Tower is 46 stories tall and is the global headquarters of the 126-year-old media company . It rises out of a six-story Depression-era , Art Deco facade with landmark status . The original design was for a skyscraper , but construction came to a halt when the Great Depression hit . In the latter half of the 20th century , a commission approved a plan to add on the modern skyscraper while preserving the original facade .	The two workers were performing maintenance on the Hearst Tower in New York The scaffolding they were on buckled in the middle They were rescued after firefighters cut a hole in the glass window near them "  All this for us ? " one quipped to a paramedic
CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth II has a new profile pic . @BritishMonarchy tweeted the image Sunday , noting it was released to mark her 88th birthday Monday . It 's not a selfie . In fact , famed British photographer David Bailey took it at Buckingham Palace last month , according to the BBC . "  I 've always been a huge fan of the Queen , " Bailey told the BBC . "  She has very kind eyes with a mischievous glint . I 've always liked strong women , and she is a very strong woman . " The black and white photo shows the Queen with a broad smile and three strands of pearls around her royal neck . #HappyBirthdayYourMajesty The BBC report said the portrait was commissioned by Britain 's "  Great " campaign to promote tourism and trade in the United Kingdom	Famed British photographer David Bailey took the portrait in March "  She has very kind eyes with a mischievous glint , " Bailey says Portrait is part of a campaign to promote UK tourism and trade
CNN  The poster boy for the Australian Open is n't quite sure he is the right man for the job . For once , four-time winners Roger Federer or Novak Djokovic are not center stage , and tennis hunk Rafael Nadal has been muscled out in Melbourne . The face of the fortnight belongs to homegrown hope Nick Kyrgios -- the highest ranked Australian on the men 's tour . Wearing fluorescent sneakers , mismatched socks and a sharp haircut , the world No. 50 exudes typical Australian surfer cool on court but he has mixed feelings about his new found status . "  They could have chosen a lot more better-looking people than me , " Kyrgios jokes to Open Court presenter Pat Cash in an interview before the first grand slam of the new tennis season started . "  When I saw myself up on a poster here ... well , it 's just great to be play in front of a home crowd . I 'm really excited . " Kyrgios first sent the green and gold clad home fans into a frenzy when he won the Australian Open boys ' singles title in 2013 . A meteoric 2014 season then saw the Canberra big-hitter rise from world No. 186 to Nadal 's vanquisher at Wimbledon . Kyrgios became the first wild card in a decade to reach the quarterfinals of the grass court grand slam , firing a career high 37 aces past the two-time Wimbledon champion and bamboozling him with an array of trick shots . Tennis experts immediately picked him out as future champion , a successor to Australia 's last grand slam star Lleyton Hewitt , winner of the 2002 Wimbledon crown . "  That 's a match I 'm never going to forget , " smiles Kyrgios , now ranked as world No. 50 . "  That was the best serving and returning performance I 've had in my life . "  Every time I get out on court I 'm always thinking about it . It is confidence and motivation to train hard . "  When you 're injured , to know that you can play at that level , it 's motivation to get healthy and get back out on the court . " That 's a reference to when the Australian 's season hit the rocks in September because of fatigue and a niggling back injury after his Wimbledon whirlwind and a solid third round appearance at the U.S. Open , . Those injuries might be another reason for Kyrgios ' reluctance to get caught up in the hype ahead of the Australian Open , which began in Melbourne , Monday . His competitive tour return at the Sydney International , five days before the start of the Australian Open , ended in a first round defeat by Poland 's Jerzy Janowicz . The 19-year-old Australian had little time to get match fit for his home grand slam , so a five-set slog past Argentina 's Federico Delbonis was probably not what he needed in the first round . One of two Australian players to reach round four , Kyrgios is determined not to get sucked into the pressure of home expectation . "  Geez , I 'm not going to put too much pressure on myself , " he says . "  But I 'd love to go out there and make a run like at Wimbledon . "  I definitely think I can make an impact if I 'm healthy and feeling good . I can definitely match up with some of the best . "  There is a lot of expectation . I 'm still young , I 'm still maturing . I understand that it 's a long journey and I 'm ready for that . " Life on the peripatetic professional tennis tour means the 19-year-old is getting used to making personal sacrifices . He started playing tennis at seven , encouraged by his Malaysian mother Norlaila , who he promised to send a smiley face text to him after his victory over Nadal . His Dad George and older sister Halimah were in London to share in his success but his grandmother , who Kyrgios describes as "  a massive part of my life , " died just a week after his Wimbledon breakthrough . Kyrgios is beginning the new season with the number 74 , in homage to his grandmother , tattooed on his finger . "  I 'm still trying to deal with some things in my life that have changed , " he explains . "  Sacrificing time at home , grinding out tournaments week after week . "  I 'm still learning how to deal with being away from friends and family . I think I 'm dealing with it pretty well but I 'm still a kid . " The Australian may only be at the start of his senior career but he is already learning from the best -- his idol , Federer . "  If I was to build my game around someone it would be Roger , " adds Krygios . "  He 's the greatest of all time . It 's extraordinary how consistent he 's been . "  I got an opportunity to train with Roger in Zurich for a week last year . "  It was such a good opportunity to see what he would do on the practice court and his ability to create drills for himself , to develop his game . "  He 's still striving to get so much better and develop his game . That 's what I learned so much from . " Federer entered the Australian Open as the men 's second seed , behind Djokovic , while Kyrgios was relieved of some pressure by being unseeded . If he has doubts over this poster boy status , the Australian is looking forward to playing the role of crowd pleaser . "  Being able to get the crowd involved , hit shots they 're going to love , that 's what excites me most , " he smiles . "  Playing on courts like the Rod Laver Arena , it just gives me goosebumps thinking about it . I 'll try to keep the crowd going for as long as I can . "	Teenager Nick Kyrgios is the top-ranked home player at the Australian Open The world No. 50 fueled Aussie fever by knocking Rafael Nadal out of Wimbledon Kyrgios says he wo n't put pressure on himself at first grand slam of 2015
CNN  -- Luke Cox used to be an athlete . But a year ago , no one would have called him that . The 31-year-old high school social studies teacher and coach weighed about 415 pounds and was too big and tired at the end of the day to get on the floor and play with his kids . At 6 foot 5 , Cox was wearing 5XL T-shirts and size 50 jeans . He could n't stop eating . His mornings began with two breakfast sandwiches and two jelly doughnuts . At night , Cox ate candy and stole the snacks his kids , then 2 , 3 and 5 years old , were supposed to take to school the next day . The junk food binges put a strain on his body , the family 's food budget and his relationships . "  Here I was teaching students and athletes discipline and hard work when I had none myself , " the Missouri dad wrote in on CNN iReport . "  I would come home after practice and ignore my wife and young children and sit in front on the TV and fall asleep there . " Luke Cox : In his own words His wife , Rudy , remembers him saying , "  I just do n't know where to start . So I 'm not going to . " She would ask him to take a walk with her , and he would say , "  That 's pointless . Where am I walking to ? " Rudy had heard about a 12-week weight-loss challenge beginning that March , hosted by Kansas City Fitness Magazine . On January 11 , 2013 , she e-mailed a "  wife 's plea " to admit her husband . "  Please give him a chance and help him to save his life , " she wrote . "  Luke is everything to our family . " The program , similar to "  The Biggest Loser " TV show , provided 30 contestants with licensed trainers , gym memberships , nutrition counseling , life coach sessions , weekly weigh-ins and weekends at an "  accountability ranch . " The 10 people with the greatest weight loss percentage won a makeover and a feature in the magazine . Participants were asked to raise a $ 600 entry fee from family and friends as a way to stay accountable . "  I did n't like that at first . I felt uncomfortable asking people to pay for my mistake , " Cox said . But it was effective . "  If people were willing to do that , I did n't want to let them down . " The competition gave Cox the motivation he had been looking for , but he was at a disadvantage . Living in Tarkio , Missouri , a small town 2Â 1/2 hours from Kansas City , he could n't make use of the licensed physical trainers , state-of-the-art gyms and group workouts that the other contestants had access to . That only made him more determined . "  I had this chip on my shoulder . I did n't have the trainers that they did ; I did n't have the gyms they got to work out in , " he said . He thought to himself , "  I 'll show you guys I 'm not some country bumpkin . " Cox , who managed to lose a few pounds on his own before the competition began , asked Ty Ratliff , the local elementary school gym teacher and a fellow coach , to be his trainer . They did high-intensity interval workouts and sprints three , and then four , times a week using the high school gym , weight room and track , and a local recreation center . It was a new challenge for Ratliff , who was used to bulking kids up as the weight-training teacher and head high school football coach . "  Usually , our goal is to get kids bigger , faster and stronger . Here , we were doing the opposite : taking pounds off Luke , " Ratliff said . "  We wanted to him to get stronger ... but we were really focused on the cardiovascular aspect . " Cox never skipped a workout . At the same time , he overhauled his diet . He weaned himself off soda and made sure he was getting lots of lean protein . For breakfast , he ate three hard-boiled eggs and Greek yogurt . Lunch was a spinach salad with 2 ounces of shaved turkey . For dinner , he ate grilled chicken or fish . He prepared his meals the night before and would n't eat anything that was n't in his Nebraska Cornhuskers lunchbox . "  I left my wallet at home so I could n't go to the school snack machine . I did n't eat with my fellow teachers in the cafeteria because I knew I would want to eat the cafeteria food . I ate in my room by myself . Once I gained enough confidence in myself , I began to eat with them and I brought my wallet to school without going to the snack machine , " he wrote in his iReport . His small town of about 1,600 people was a big source of encouragement . "  One morning , I bought some victory doughnuts for my basketball team . The clerk at the convenience store reminded me that I was trying to lose weight and that I did n't need those , " he said . "  I told her that I appreciated her concern and that they were a surprise for my team . That is what is great about a small town . " The hard work paid off : He ended up winning the competition . In 12 weeks , he dropped from 396 to 316 pounds , a 20.2 % loss in body weight , and got the biggest feature in the July/August Kansas City Fitness Magazine . He has another profile in the magazine this month . And he kept going . He recently bought his first XL T-shirt since freshman year of college and ran his first 5K . He now weighs 283 pounds and would like to get down to 265 or 270 . "  I know with my frame , I 'm always going to be a big guy , but I want to be a strong , physically fit guy , " he said . "  I 'll never go back , because I know how hard I 've worked to change that . " The transformation has changed his whole family . Instead of watching TV together , they go to the rec center five days a week as a family . Cox comes home now and cooks for his wife and kids , goes for bike rides with them and jumps on the trampoline . Though his kids are still quite young -- 3 , 4 and 6 -- he 's apologized to them for being so big and not having as much fun with them as a dad should have . "  He 's full of energy now . ... He 's a totally different person , " wife Rudy said . "  In their eyes , they have their dad back . "	Luke Cox lost 132 pounds in nine months A weight-loss competition helped him stay accountable He recently bought his first XL T-shirt in years Got a weight-loss story ? Send it to iReport
CNN  -- After winning the BMW PGA Championship in England in late May , Rory McIlroy missed the cut at his next European event , the Irish Open , last month . The Scottish Open is mirroring the former No. 1 's inconsistent season . McIlroy produced a superb , course-record 64 in chilly , windy conditions at Royal Aberdeen on Thursday -- it included a staggering 430-yard drive -- but then imploded Friday , registering a 7-over-par 78 . He is six shots behind leaders Kristoffer Broberg , Marc Warren and Ricardo Gonzalez . It was one of the biggest turnarounds you 're bound to see -- but in keeping with his second-round woes . At 13 stroke-play events this season , he has failed to hit under 70 in the second round nine times and his average stands at 72.2 , noted the Golf Channel . "  I 'd be much happier standing here after a couple of 71s , but that 's not the case , " McIlroy told reporters . "  It has n't been the case all year . "  I get off to a good start and then I just fall away . But I 'm still in the tournament and I can go out in the morning and try and get a few of those shots back that I lost today . "  I need to try and hold it together somewhat . McIlroy 's front nine , though not good , was n't terrible . He mixed three bogeys with one birdie . But on the back nine he did n't hit a birdie and struck a double bogey and three bogeys . From being in an outstanding position Thursday , he was n't far off missing another cut . It 's not the round he would have wanted with the British Open taking place next week . "  It 's another Friday out of the way , " McIlroy said . "  Now I can go onto the weekend . " Phil Mickelson , the other marquee name at the event , dipped , too . Last year 's Scottish and British Open winner was five shots worse in the second round , carding a 73 . "  I 'm a little concerned that it 's taking up a little more energy than I would like for next week , but it 's also a good opportunity to focus on some of the difficult shots that we 'll have next week , so it kind of goes both ways , " Mickelson said in a TV interview shown by Sky . Mickelson is five shots off the pace . Wie misses cut It wo n't be two majors in a row for Michelle Wie . Wie , the much hyped American , missed the cut at the women 's British Open at Royal Birkdale in Southport , England less than a month after claiming her first major , the U.S. Open . The 24-year-old followed up her 75 Thursday with a 78 Friday , undone by six birdies and a double bogey . "  I missed a lot of greens , " Wie , who turned pro aged 15 , told reporters . "  I had a lot of hard par putts today , and I did n't make them . I did n't do much on any of the holes . It did n't go quite as well as I wanted it to . " Another American , Mo Martin , leads at the halfway stage by three shots over Spain 's Beatriz Recari . Overnight leader Ayako Uehara crashed to a 79 and trails Martin by nine shots .	After his course record 64 Thursday , Rory McIlroy slumps at the Scottish Open McIlroy shoots a 78 at Royal Aberdeen that included a double bogey on back nine Phil Mickelson also dipped though not as much , going from a 68 to 73 Michelle Wie misses the cut at the women 's British Open at Royal Birkdale
CNN  -- With more than 2,400 Ebola deaths in Liberia alone , the killer virus may not sound like the most obvious subject to write a song about . But health officials are using all means at their disposal to educate Liberians on how to contain the spread of the disease . The United Nations Children 's Fund -- UNICEF -- has worked with local musicians to produce a song "  Ebola is Real , " which urges Liberians to take measures against the disease , such as washing their hands . The chorus runs : "  Ebola is real , it 's time to protect yourself , Ebola is real , protect your family , Ebola is real , protect your community . " Near the song 's end , the musicians say Ebola is a severe disease that spreads fast . While it ca n't be cured , they explain , the symptoms of the virus can be treated and explain that the only way of catching Ebola is through direct contact with bodily fluids such as blood , saliva and sweat . "  For our traditional people , when somebody die , do n't touch the body with your bare hand -- you can call a health worker closer to you to help you to bury the body but wearing protective clothes and gloves , " the song continues , saying the message is from Liberia 's Ministry of Health and partners . UNICEF spokesman Christophe Boulierac said music is "  an integral part of life " in Liberia and across Africa . "  Everything from elections to polio campaigns have used songs , " he said . "  We used songs as a medium of getting out the information to a wide segment of the population , through the best medium available in Liberia -- radio . " UNICEF chose to work with Liberia 's cultural ambassador Julie Endee and some well known musicians . The style of music is a popular form in Liberia known as Hipco and the song has been very successful , playing on radios across the country , Boulierac said . "  Some people even use it as a ring tone , " he said . "  My colleague in Sierra Leone has heard it play in street side stalls . " CNN 's Nima Elbagir is in Liberia covering the outbreak . Elbagir recalled hearing "  Ebola is Real " being played during an earlier visit and said it was very popular and instrumental in getting the public healthcare message across . Susan Krenn , director at the John Hopkins Center for Communication Programs  CCP  , spoke to CNN from Nigeria , where she was working on the launch of a weekly television series "  Newman Street . " Newman Street is aimed at addressing the topics of family planning and malaria . "  There is a whole communication science behind this , " Krenn said . "  One of the things we really emphasize is that the entertainment has to be of very high quality . You really want to attract people to whatever the piece is because it 's something they really want to listen to , or want to watch , because it 's entertainment , " she said . "  This type of programing really allows you to use creativity and pull people in for the value of the entertainment , while a communication plan allows us to weave messaging in . " The entertainment vehicle itself could get people talking about an issue and get them to adopt certain behaviors , she said . "  One of the beauties of entertainment education is that your reach is phenomenal ... you 're impacting a huge number of people . " The CCP has been involved in entertainment education for nearly three decades . In 1988 it released two family planning songs and music videos -- "  Choices " and "  Wait for Me " -- in Nigeria . "  Someone actually made a remake of  ` Wait for Me '  , " Krenn said . "  It 's incredible to see the long life these things have . " The center has gone on to release many more songs but Krenn said it used entertainment within a wider communications strategy . In the case of "  Newman Street , " the series was being used as a "  national overlay , " she said . Krenn said there were a number of family planning and malaria programs in different states and cities in Nigeria 's four main languages . At a more local level , CCP 's strategy included radio and working with service providers . CCP was also involved in Liberia , Krenn said , trying to monitor and help coordinate the communication interventions there . "  With so many different entities , one of biggest needs is communication . We really need to find out where the gaps are , " she said .	The Ebola virus has killed more than 2,400 people in Liberia UNICEF and local musicians created a popular song with a health message Lyrics include "  Ebola is real , it 's time to protect yourself " A John Hopkins group is also using entertainment for health education
CNN  "  Saturday Night Live " cast member Kate McKinnon got rave reviews for her impression of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as she delved into the topic we 're all wondering about . So , what does the fake Clinton have to say about her use of personal email address to conduct government business ? "  Those emails are clean as a whistle . This is not how Hillary Clinton goes down , " McKinnon 's wild-eyed Clinton said , laughing at the idea that the emails would be her undoing . "  There will be no mistakes on my rise to the top -- if I decide to run . Who knows ? " she said , throwing her hands in their air . She offered a peek at her take on "  mature romance " by showing a "  Happy Anniversary " email to U.S. President Bill Clinton addressed "  Dear Sir or Madam . " "  SNL " viewers on Twitter thought she nailed Clinton 's cool-as-ice demeanor .	Kate McKinnon hit another "  SNL " impression out of the park as Hillary Clinton Her "  Clinton " discussed the controversy over a private email account
Recently I wrote about the many problems I 've encountered while trying to become a runner -- from asthma to shin splints to plantar fasciitis . Some of you supported the idea that overcoming obstacles is the right choice , while others suggested I listen to my body and give up the idea of running altogether . As I 've started to lead a healthier , more active life , I 've tried to find as much information as possible related to health and fitness . If you 've ever tried to research any particular topic related to health , you 've probably found what I did -- information overload ! To add to the confusion , much of the information provides conflicting advice . This seems to be true whether you 're looking for nutritional recommendations , training programs , or even deciding what type of exercise equipment is best . The varied opinions , even from professional trainers and athletes , can leave your head spinning . Why being part of a team matters Given all this conflicting advice , people may fail to even start an exercise program because they 're afraid of doing something wrong . "  How can I become healthy if I do n't really know what ` healthy ' means ? " I know I 've asked myself this very question many times over the years For example , a simple task such as finding the right running shoes can seem overwhelming . We encounter terms like pronation , stability and foot-strike . Do we want more support or is a minimalist shoe best ? Training programs pose their own particular brand of "  in your face " information overload . Are you training for strength or endurance ? Are you best working out at a gym or at home , with free weights or weight machines ? How do you tell the difference between boot camp , CrossFit or Zumba ? Does it make a difference if you are training for a 5K or a marathon ? The questions you can ask yourself and the answers are endless . Nutrition provides another source of even more conflicting advice . We 're all familiar with the celebrity trainers , each taking unique approaches to help you properly fuel your body . Should you eat a meal every four hours or just make sure to eat several small meals throughout the day ? Are all carbohydrates bad and all proteins good ? How do you fuel your training ? Do you exercise best on minimal calories first thing in the morning ? Do you prefer a later workout and a small meal a couple of hours before you hit the trails ? To say these different nutritional ideas are confusing is an understatement . Get fit and others will follow I never really considered before I joined the Fit Nation team that my needs might be unique . Each of us responds differently , so each of us has to find the right combination of nutrients and meal times to make our workouts count . I 've found that I need a small meal with as little processed sugar as possible about one to two hours before I work out . Too long before and I run out of energy ; too close and I 'm too full to work at my full potential . In many cases , the best plan is to minimize the information overload and focus on the simplest pathway to your goals . For example , the simplest nutritional advice I received was to concentrate on unprocessed , whole foods at the edge of the grocery store and keep my meals colorful with a variety of fruits and vegetables . It 's straightforward , easy to remember , and most importantly , easy to understand . We also need the right equipment to make that training count . Most of us have a local running store  or cycling shop or gym  where the experts can offer their guidance . With their help , you can try a few options and find out what works best for you . How to make your workout seem shorter If you do have a particular health-related concern , your first stop should be your physician 's office . Your doctor can help you cut through the conflicting advice and decide what plan may work best for you . My physician knows about my training program and has helped advise me how to prevent certain problems that could derail my progress . The jungle of information should not stop you from pursuing a healthier life . I 've found that there is no one-size-fits-all prescription for success and health . Variation and experimentation are the keys to discovering what options work best for you . I decided it 's my responsibility to learn as much as possible so that I can give myself every opportunity to succeed , but I wo n't let conflicting information slow me down . Are the choices I make and the program I follow right for everyone ? Maybe not , but they are right for me right now . As long as I keep learning , listening to my body and making informed decisions , I hope to keep training and continue on my journey to lead a healthier life . Follow Stacy on Twitter @TriHardStacy or on Facebook	Researching a health topic can lead to confusion , frustration for newbies Each celebrity trainer has their own way of fueling and working out your body You have to decide what 's best for you , Fit Nation member says
CNN  -- For not-so-intrepid travelers , cruises are perfect . Outside of getting yourself to the departure port , you do n't need to plan anything to have a successful trip . To make that ocean-going vacation as effortless as possible , we 've assembled a list of the cushiest cruises departing from the United States . Linblad Expeditions , Alaska cruise With 340,000 miles of some of the Western Hemisphere 's most awe-inspiring coastline , you 'll realize why the U.S. government dished out $ 7.2 million to take Alaska off Russia 's hands . True , the scenery had little to do with the controversial purchase then known as "  Seward 's Folly , " but it 's now one of the country 's greatest assets . One of the most engaging ways to explore this national treasure is with Lindblad Expeditions and its partner , National Geographic . Experts in marine biology , geology and botany take travelers out into the ocean on smaller crafts and provide an intimate look at glaciers , grizzly and marine life . An underwater hydrophone allows guests to listen to the songs of whales , orcas and dolphins . Linblad Expeditions ; +1 800 397 3348 ; starts at $ 5,990 Celebrity Cruises , Immersive Wine Cruise If you want to do the wild West Coast without walking on an ice floe , Celebrity 's Immersive Wine Cruises take you to British Columbia , Seattle , San Francisco , Monterey and San Diego , and visit some of the finest wineries in the Pacific Northwest . The tasting does n't end when cruisers leave dry land -- sommeliers are available to help passengers choose from about 500 selections of wine on board . Celebrity Cruises ; +1 888 245 4254 ; starts at $ 800 Azamara Club Cruises , Panama Canal Cruise Azamara Club Cruises offers a trip that departs from one U.S. coast and arrives on the other , by passing through the Panama Canal . Along the way , the ship hits 26 ports in 12 countries , including Costa Rica , Belize , Mexico , Colombia and Jamaica . At each destination , Azamara provides longer , more immersive excursions than most other cruise lines . The most memorable part of the trip is coasting through 58 miles of waterway that would n't exist if tens of thousands of workers had n't risked or given their lives to build it . Azamara Club Cruises ; +1 877 999 9553 , call for pricing Cunard , Queen Mary 2 , transatlantic cruise In 2004 , the Queen Mary 2 became the first transatlantic passenger liner built in 35 years . Its classic design and decoration embody an adoration of world travel that predates even her predecessor , the half-sized Queen Elizabeth 2 , which reigned from 1969 to 2008 . While the eastbound cruise departing from New York City only makes a stop at Southampton , UK , before arriving at Hamburg , Germany , the majestic ship 's spa , theater , library , ballroom and planetarium keep you stuffed with things to eat , see and do throughout the nine-day cruise . Cunard ; +1 800 728 6273 ; from $ 1,600 American Queen Steamboat Company Mississippi River Cruise You do n't even have to leave the country for some of the world 's most luxurious boating excursions . Each five - to 10-day trip on this Victorian-decorated vessel recalls antebellum heydays , complete with large orchestra music , stops at historic cities , southern family cooking and lectures from an onboard "  riverlorian . " Various themed trips are offered . "  Southern Culture " is a match for the history buff ; "  Fall Foliage " is good for those who want nothing more than to sit in a rocking chair and be mesmerized by natural beauty . American Queen Steamboat Company ; +1 800 749 5280 ; from $ 950 Royal Caribbean , Oasis of the Seas If you want to cruise purely to enjoy a massive adult wonderland , Royal Caribbean has made a seafaring behemoth of activity for you . The 225,282-ton Oasis of the Seas is so gargantuan it contains 25 restaurants , 2,394 crew members and seven themed "  neighborhoods . " There 's Central Park  a garden lined with restaurants , bars and shops  , The Pool and Sports Zone , Vitality at Sea Spa and Fitness Center , Boardwalk  theater , pool and rock climbing  , Royal Promenade , Youth Zone and Entertainment place . There 's also a zip line , water park , casino , theater , mini-golf course , ice skating rink and basketball court . Travelers can choose trips to the Bahamas or Caribbean , but what 's the difference when you 're on the world 's greatest mobile theme park ? Royal Caribbean ; +1 866 562 7625 ; from $ 369 Royal Caribbean , Quantum of the Seas Come November 2014 , Royal Caribbean will be unveiling a boat even grander than the Oasis -- the Quantum of the Seas . In addition to many of the fun features found on Oasis , Quantum will have a surf wave simulator , a skydive simulator and bumper cars . But the grandest , and possibly weirdest addition is a glass-walled observation capsule that sits on the end of a 135-foot arm , which juts occupants past the edge of the ship so that they can hang 300 feet above sea level . Royal Caribbean ; +1 866 562 7625 ; from $ 839	Lindblad Expeditions and partner National Geographic make Alaska cruises smarter Azamara Club Cruises ' Panama Canal trip hits 26 ports Massive Oasis of the Seas has 25 restaurants and seven themed "  neighborhoods . "
CNN  -- A U.S. flag that once flew over cleanup and recovery efforts at ground zero and was stolen from a Long Island home was finally returned to its rightful owner on Friday , reports CNN affiliate WPIX . Melissa Ielpi-Brengel , the sister of a firefighter killed on 9/11 , woke up to discover the missing flag folded up and resting outside her home . The flag was also accompanied with a note simply stating , "  I am sorry , I had no idea , " WPIX reported . The American flag was presented to Ielpi-Brengel in memory of her 29-year-old brother Jonathan Ielpi , a member of the New York City Fire Department who was killed in the September 11 terror attacks . "  We put the flag out certain times of the year just to remember , " Ielpi-Brengel told WPIX . Ielpi-Brenge was distraught when she discovered the flag , which was mounted outside her home , had gone missing a few days before the Fourth of July . "  There are other flags out , and for whatever reason they came here and took ours , " Ielpi-Brengel said to WPIX . "  Coming on to my property and taking something that means so much to me and to so many Americans . " The thought that someone would take something so symbolic of her brother 's bravery left Ielpi-Brengel unsettled , so she turned to social media , pleading for users to help her spread the word about the missing flag . The stolen flag was more than just a memento to Ielpi-Brenge . It was given to her by the September 11th Families Association in honor of her brother 's sacrifice . This is n't the first time the family has endured heartache over a 9/11 tribute . Back in July 2013 , Ielpi-Brengel was offended after watching an episode of "  Princesses : Long Island , " where one of the cast members acted imprudently around a 9/11 tribute statue of her brother . Thankfully , though , the flag was returned just in time for Fourth of July celebrations . Ielpi-Brengel took to Facebook to share the news with her friends and family . She wrote , "  Good news , our flag was returned this morning . It was outside the house when we woke up . Thank you all for spreading the word and help us get our flag back . " In another post , she went on to write that she is glad that whoever took the flag was able to do the right thing by returning it . "  I do n't know who took it or why . I guess they had their reasons , " she wrote on her Facebook page . "  I also hope it taught them a lesson and they do n't try and pull something like this , with anyone , again . " History mystery : What became of the ground zero flag ? 9/11 museum : Tragedy turns the mundane into memorial CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia and Zachary Slater contributed to this report .	A stolen 9/11 flag was returned to a Long Island family The flag was a gift to the sister of a firefighter who lost his life on 9/11 The flag was taken before the Fourth of July Melissa Ielpi-Brenge turned to social media to spread the word about what happened
CNN  -- The hostage situation at Nairobi 's Westgate Mall has raised four fundamental issues . These are Kenya 's thinking on security , its state of preparedness , state responsiveness and the regional security dimensions . Given the death toll , it is tempting to seek easy answers or adopt quick options , including perhaps withdrawing Kenyan troops from Somalia or scaling back Kenya 's role in regional security matters . Kenya has no option but to remain the central cog in the struggle to restore normalcy in Somalia . There are historical reasons for this -- in addition to the fact that Kenyan defense forces are already entrenched in Somalia . For better or worse , history connects Kenya intricately with East Africa in ways that are difficult , if not impossible , to separate . Not only is Kenya the gateway to several East African countries , some of them are Kenya 's main trading partners . Read more : Al-Shabaab breaks new ground with Nairobi attack Somalia 's security and political history have become a part and parcel of Kenya 's socio-economic reality . As an ethnic group , Somalis are separated into five different nations in the horn of Africa . Kenya has citizens of Somali ethnicity living in its north east , a historically marginalized part of the country that at one point preferred an irredentist option . Kenya 's poorly policed border with Somalia is over 600 kilometers long . Some Somali are concentrated in Eastleigh estate in Nairobi while many others have spread across Kenya for trade and related purposes . Given the Somali refugee population in Kenya , it is difficult to differentiate citizens from non-citizens with certainty . Indeed , since Kenyan defense forces entered Somalia in October 2011 , north-eastern Kenyan towns have experienced the highest number of attacks from Al-Shabaab -- to which there has been minimal government response . Read more : How Al-Shabaab picks its targets This complex regional story is apt for the current metamorphosis and connectedness of global terror networks . Over the years , terror networks have borrowed tactics across regions . Their attacks are increasingly synchronized and Al-Shabaab is no exception to this process . This means that the threat that faces Kenya is real and complex and withdrawal from Somalia is not an option . But can Kenya 's response be different ? The tendency in counter-terrorism action has been to borrow strategies from other places and deploy them locally . Kenya has borrowed extensively from the United States and relied on Uganda to mount a counter-terror programme in which security is thought of in military and defense terms . Here , the use of extra-judicial force is preferred and replaces intelligence and surveillance . Locally , the police still think of security as synonymous with secrecy . They therefore never mobilize communities as key pillars of intelligence gathering and community support for security provision . Kenya 's main challenge is therefore to address the lack of a visible security strategy and/or policy framework . This was apparent in the state of preparedness  or the lack of it  and responsiveness to the attacks at Westgate mall . To be certain , Kenya 's security establishment is well organized and impressively presented . The problem is the absence of a clearly articulated security vision and policy framework around which its citizens can collectively rally . Three layers of strategic response must pave the way toward a Kenyan strategy that can potentially deal effectively with Al-Shabaab . Kenya needs to think beyond defense or purely military approaches , to ensure coherent and better use of security apparatus , and to mobilize society around a unifying security consciousness . Read more : Al-Shabaab grew amid Somalia 's lawlessness Kenya 's anti-terrorism plan is heavy with legislative action that anchors the military approach . This is important but hardly sufficient because there is an inherent danger in packaging security bills that polarize society into "  us versus them . " This is the problem that has stalked Kenyan 's proposed anti-terrorism legislation . Civil society and political opposition have contended the proposed law contains provisions that might roll back hard won civil liberties and sanction the profiling of innocent people . This view had a valid basis given the arrest and rendition of people to Uganda where the anti-terror law is more draconian . But such extra-judicial approaches simply lead to a dead-end . The story of the Somali sketched above suggests there is obviously no place to chase "  them " away to . Kenya needs to bring its citizens together to recognize security threats , to mobilize them into a common security consciousness and surveillance system that they trust and have confidence in . This will require intricate work . But Kenya will not be the first country to think in such terms . Other societies have lived through decades of terror and collectively mobilized to challenge it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Godwin Murunga .	Kenya shares a 600 kilometer border with Somalia and has many Somali residents Al-Shabaab blamed the presence of Kenyan troops in Somalia for its Nairobi mall siege Godwin Murunga says Kenya needs to unite its citizens around a visible security strategy Kenya has relied too heavily on a military approach to terror threats , Murunga says
CNN  -- Facing weak support for U.S. military action , President Barack Obama said Monday that a plan to have Syria hand its chemical arsenal over to international control could avert American strikes "  if it 's real . " "  It 's certainly a positive development when the Russians and Syrians both make gestures towards dealing with these chemical weapons , " President Barack Obama told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Monday . But Obama said the threat of American force would remain , "  And we do n't want just a stalling or delaying tactic to put off the pressure that we have on there right now . " Obama was making the rounds of television interviews in an effort to shore up support for a congressional resolution that would authorize him to launch punitive raids on Syria , which his administration accuses of using poison gas against opposition forces and civilians . He 's scheduled to address the nation Tuesday night , and that speech is still on , he said . But a CNN/ORC International Poll out Monday found Americans strongly opposed to attacking Syria . Of the 1,022 people polled between Friday and Sunday , 59 % said Congress should not authorize military action , and 72 % said American strikes would achieve no significant goals . In the Senate , Majority Leader Harry Reid postponed a procedural vote that had been scheduled for Wednesday after the proposal floated by Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov . An aide said the Russia proposal on chemical weapons is serious and fluid enough that senators do not want to lock themselves into a position on Syria just yet . The Russian proposal came after comments by Secretary of State John Kerry earlier Monday -- remarks that the State Department said were meant to be rhetorical , but which Lavrov proposed concretely . Asked during a stop in London whether there was anything Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government could do or offer that would stop an attack , Kerry said that al-Assad "  could turn over every single bit of his chemical weapons to the international community in the next week " -- adding , "  He is n't about to do it , and it ca n't be done , obviously . " Syria 's chemical arsenal at a glance Soon afterward , Lavrov said Russia , Syria 's leading ally , urged al-Assad to do just that if it would avert a U.S. military response . And Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem , who was meeting with Lavrov in Moscow , told reporters that Damascus welcomes the proposal . "  We are also confident in the wisdom of the Russian government , which is trying to prevent an American aggression against our people , " Moallem said . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Washington remained "  highly skeptical " of the Syrian regime . But Obama told CNN , "  We have not seen these kinds of gestures up until now , " suggesting his threat of force had prompted "  some interesting conversations . " "  We 're going to run this to ground , " the president said . "  And John Kerry and the rest of my national security team will engage with the Russians and the international community to see , can we arrive at something that is enforceable and serious . " ` Expect everything ' if U.S. attacks , al-Assad says Washington accuses Syria 's government of launching a chemical attack outside Damascus on August 21 , killing more than 1,400 people , hundreds of women and children among them . That led to Obama 's call for military action , with the American leader arguing that strikes are needed to enforce a longstanding international taboo on the use of poison gas . Syria denies its forces unleashed chemical weapons , and al-Assad said government troops were on the receiving end of a gas attack . Al-Assad told "  CBS This Morning " interviewer Charlie Rose on Monday that the West lacks "  a single shred of evidence " that his government was behind the attack . Samples collected by U.N. weapons inspectors are still being tested , and even then , the inspection team was charged only with determining whether chemical weapons were used -- not who used them . But Washington says it knows the trajectory of the rockets used to deliver the gas , that Syrian commanders ordered troops to don gas masks and learned of fears by top Syrian officials that U.N. inspectors would discover evidence of the attack . Al-Assad warned Monday that his country would lash out in potentially unpredictable ways after a U.S. military strike , telling CBS , "  You should expect everything . " He sidestepped the question of whether he would use chemical weapons against Western forces , but invoked the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington to warn that military action has unforeseen consequences . "  It is difficult for anyone to tell you what is going to happen , " he said . "  It 's an area where everything is on the brink of explosion . " But on CNN 's "  The Situation Room , " Obama snapped back that Syria is no threat to the United States . "  Mr. Assad does n't have a lot of capability , " Obama said . "  He has capability relative to children . He has capability relative to an opposition that is still getting itself organized and are not professional , trained fighters . He does n't have a credible means to threaten the United States . " The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria 's civil war , now 2Â 1/2 years old . Another 76 deaths were reported on Monday , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . Of Monday 's fatalities , 37 were in Damascus and its suburbs , where the August 21 attack took place , the LCC reported . French intelligence believes that al-Assad ordered the attack because he feared a major rebel attack from the suburbs that could have endangered his control of Damascus and the route leading to the city 's airport , according to a French Defense Ministry official who briefed reporters on background Monday . But a German newspaper reported Sunday that German intelligence intercepted communications that indicate al-Assad had repeatedly denied his military approval for chemical attacks . Calls to intervene have been shadowed by bitter memories of Iraq , when the Bush administration said that country 's hidden arsenal of chemical and biological weapons and a clandestine nuclear weapons program posed a threat that required a U.S.-led invasion in 2003 . Iraq was later found to have disbanded its weapons programs under U.N. sanctions in the 1990s . Lawmakers in Britain , which committed troops to Iraq , voted to preclude their military from participating in any strike . French President Francois Hollande supports a military response , but French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said in a statement Monday that the Russian proposal "  deserves a thorough examination . " Fabius said , however , that the Security Council needs to oversee the process ; that it should start immediately ; and the plan should n't let anyone off the hook for ordering a chemical attack . At the United Nations , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said he is also considering asking the Security Council to demand the Syrian government immediately hand over its chemical weapons to be destroyed . Ban said Monday that if U.N. inspectors confirm the use of chemical weapons in Syria , it would be an "  abominable crime " worthy of international response -- but he has previously warned against "  further militarization of the conflict " in Syria . Could a ` goof ' be a solution ? A senior State Department official who spoke on condition of anonymity said Kerry and Lavrov were on a previously scheduled call before Kerry flew back from London when Lavrov brought up his remarks . "  I saw your comments this morning , " Lavrov said to Kerry , the State Department official said . The Russian foreign minister said he would speak about the issue but played down the idea that a proposal was on the table during the 14-minute conversation , the official said . Kerry told Lavrov that the United States "  is not going to ` play games , ' " the official said . "  If there is a serious proposal , we will take a look . " One U.S. official called Kerry 's remarks a "  major goof , " adding that America 's top diplomat "  clearly went off script . " And several State Department representatives tried to clarify Kerry 's remarks later in the day , calling them a "  rhetorical argument . " "  His point was that this brutal dictator with a history of playing fast and loose with the facts can not be trusted to turn over chemical weapons . Otherwise he would have done so long ago , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . "  That 's why the world faces this moment . " The prospect of a diplomatic deal is likely going to make the Obama administration 's attempts to make a case before Congress even more difficult , said Michael O'Hanlon , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution . Lawmakers who are already debating whether to pass resolutions authorizing military action now may want to rewrite them , he said . "  It 's going to obviously throw a monkey wrench in the gears on a number of things , " he said . But it got a hopeful reception in Congress , where the chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee said she would welcome Syria 's chemical disarmament "  to prevent an international strike . " "  I believe that Russia can be most effective in encouraging the Syrian president to stop any use of chemical weapons and place all his chemical munitions , as well as storage facilities , under United Nations control until they can be destroyed , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California . Feinstein 's House counterpart , Michigan Republican Rep. Mike Rogers , said Washington should review the Russian proposal to "  see if there 's any teeth to their bark . " And Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , the ranking Republican on the chamber 's Foreign Relations Committee , said the best way to reach a diplomatic solution to the conflict "  is for us as a nation to stay strong . " "  If it is real , and if Syria is willing to make immediate concrete steps , certainly that 's something worth looking at , " Corker said . "  But it 's very difficult to tell if it 's that or just a way of creating a fog around this whole issue . " Sen. Jack Reed , a leading Democrat on the Armed Services Committee , said the Lavrov proposal is a "  distinct change " in Russia 's stance , "  going from sort of defenders of the regime to now saying there 's a real serious problem with chemical weapons in Syria . " "  It is very thoughtful , " said Reed , of Rhode Island , who described himself as undecided on Syria . "  It goes to the essential objective that we should have , which is to deter the use of chemical weapons . This should not be about trying to settle a civil war raging in Syria . " CNN 's Michael Pearson , David Simpson , Jamie Crawford , Dana Bash , Elise Labott , Alex Felton , Jill Dougherty , Jim Sciutto , Larry Shaughnessy , Joe Sterling and Jake Tapper contributed to this report .	Russian proposal a "  positive development " but ca n't be a "  delaying tactic , " Obama says Al-Assad warns Washington : "  expect everything " if you attack France says Moscow 's plan deserves a look , with conditions Poll : Most Americans oppose Syria attack
Jarkarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesian police have arrested pop star Nazril "  Ariel " Ilham for his involvement in sex videos that allegedly feature himself and two other top Indonesian celebrities . The singer was named a suspect after the police questioned the three celebrities and expert witnesses over the last two weeks . "  We have determine that Ariel is a suspect in the sex video case , we charged him with the pornography law and with the 2008 electronic information and transaction law , " said Marwoto Sutowijoyo , from national police public information . Ariel will be the first high-profile offender of the controversial pornography law that carries a maximum penalty of 12 years . "  We will keep investigating the case and we will arrest the perpetrators once we have enough evidence , " Marwoto added . Alleged celebrity sex tape shocks modest Indonesia The law and the incident has also revived the government 's nationwide censorship plan to filter offensive content on the internet . "  The Ministry of Communication have long been proposing a decree on multimedia content , this is to prevent this kind of things from happening , " said Gatot Dewa Broto , the spokesperson for the Ministry of Communications . If passed , the ministry will create a special unit that will monitor the content in online media and will have the authority to censor anything without consulting any other bodies , he explains . The first video , allegedly featuring Ariel and his current girlfriend Luna Maya , surfaced on several websites and went viral through social networking sites Facebook and Twitter . On Tuesday , after the release of the second video allegedly featuring Ariel and Tari , the term "  Ariel Peterporn , " a spin on the singer 's name and his band , became a top trending topic on Twitter . The videos have sparked protests by conservative Islamic groups and others around the country condemning the celebrities in recent weeks . Meanwhile , raids on internet cafes and the search of student cellphones at schools -- both confirmed by police -- have raised fears among defenders of free speech .	Indonesian pop star arrested for sex tape Suspect is allegedly in two tapes with celebrity girlfriends Incident has spurred debate in Indonesia on morality and internet
EW.com  -- It 's been 26 years since "  Top Gun , " but the dogfights in that absurdly entertaining Reagan-era classic have lost none of their speed-demon zap . That said , "  Top Gun " lets you know that you 're basically watching a videogame with actors . Not so with "  Red Tails , " a lavishly square historical drama about the Tuskegee Airmen , the very first African-American military pilots , who served in segregated units during World War II . The movie has potent sequences of aerial combat that recall Tom Cruise and his flyboys bombarding evil out of the air . Here , though , the planes zoom close to the ground , with the tree-lined hills of Italy looming up behind them . The actors really appear to be flying , and that gives the Airmen 's brushes with the enemy -- even when they 're just providing " escort " cover for white pilots -- a heart-in-the-throat , you-are-there quality . Plus , they do get to bomb a few Nazi planes . As long as it stays in the air , "  Red Tails , " a George Lucas production written by John Ridley  "  U Turn "  and directed by Anthony Hemingway  a veteran of "  The Wire " and "  CSI : NY "  , is a compelling sky-war pageant of a movie . On the ground , it 's a far shakier experience : dutiful and prosaic , with thinly scripted episodes that do n't add up to a satisfying story . The scenes of racial conflict , like one set at a white officers ' club , are vivid illustrations of what the Airmen were up against , and Terrence Howard , as the colonel who argues for the right of the 99th Fighter Squadron to see combat , is defiant in an enjoyably savvy high-command way . David Oyelowo , in the Cruise-ian role of Joe " Lightning " Little -- the daredevil who must learn to fly in support of his team -- makes cocky bravado desperate and human . But just about everyone else in the cast achieves one or two eager dimensions rather than three . B - See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Red Tails " is a lavishly square historical drama about the Tuskegee Airmen The movie has potent sequences of aerial combat that recall Tom Cruise and his flyboys The actors really appear to be flying , giving the Airmen 's brushes with the enemy a heart-in-the-throat quality
NEW YORK  CNN  -- American radio talk-show host Michael Savage said he wants an apology from Britain 's home secretary and his name removed from a list of people banned from entering the United Kingdom . American radio talk-show host Michael Savage calls the British government 's description of him "  demented . " "  I 've heard from British attorneys who are salivating to set the record straight and win quite a large settlement should she not remove my name from the list , " Savage said in an interview broadcast Thursday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " Savage was referring to Home Secretary Jacqui Smith , whose office recently excluded 22 people from entering the country because the government feels they have been "  stirring up hatred . " The British government has cited Savage -- who is on the list under his real name , Michael Alan Weiner -- for "  seeking to provoke others to serious criminal acts and fostering hatred which might lead to inter-community violence . " Savage has made controversial statements against homosexuality , illegal immigrants from Mexico and Islam . He said that "  borders , language and culture is the real message of ` The Savage Nation , ' " his radio talk show . "  I 'm a patriotic American , and if that 's a crime in England , God help us all , " he said . Watch as Savage says he wants to clear his name " Savage 's daily radio show does not air in Britain but is broadcast nationwide in the United States . Savage rejected the British government 's description of him , calling it "  a demented attitude . " "  She lumped me in with known murderers and terrorists , people who have been in prison for killing people , " Savage said of Smith . "  I 've been on the air for 15 years , three hours a day , five days a week . I have never , ever promoted violence . There has never been one violent incident attached to my show . " Smith has said she is determined to keep those who "  spread extremism , hatred and violent messages " out of the country . "  Coming to the UK is a privilege , and I refuse to extend that privilege to individuals who abuse our standards and values to undermine our way of life , " Smith said . "  Therefore , I do not hesitate to name and shame those who foster extremist views , as I want them to know that they are not welcome here . " The Home Office has named 16 people on the list , saying it was not in the public interest to disclose the names of the other six . Included on the list are :	Radio talk-show host Michael Savage wants British home secretary to apologize Savage , 20-plus others banned from entering Britain for "  stirring up hatred " "  I 'm a patriotic American , and if that 's a crime in England , God help us all , " he says Savage known for controversial remarks on homosexuality , illegal immigrants , Islam
GAZA CITY  CNN  -- A radical Muslim sheikh called Friday for the creation of an Islamic emirate in Gaza , sparking clashes with Hamas forces that left 13 people dead , Hamas sources tell CNN . Armed members of the radical Islamist group Jund Ansar Allah surround a group representative in Rafah on Friday . The clashes ended after several hours , after Hamas forces blew up the home of Sheikh Abu al-Nour al-Maqdessi , leader of the Salafist jihadist group Jund Ansar Allah , or Soldiers of the Partisans of God , the sources said . Al-Maqdessi escaped , they said , and Hamas security forces were searching for him . The clashes were the latest between Gaza 's Hamas rulers , who have said they are moderate Muslims pledged to the Palestinian cause , and more radical Islamic groups . In a televised statement , Hamas ministry spokesman Taher Nunu called al-Maqdessi 's group "  outlaws " and said they have been "  terrorizing the country and attacking civilians . " "  We hold the group and its leader fully responsible for what is happening in Gaza , and we offer our condolences to everyone who was killed during the clashes , " Nunu said . "  No one is above the law , and we urge everyone who is a member of this group to surrender himself to the authorities , or they will be accountable for all of their actions . " The gunfighting erupted near a mosque in the southern Gaza city of Rafah , where the cleric delivered his sermon , the sources said . Hamas militants raided the mosque and seized control of it . Later , the fighting spread to al-Maqdessi 's home , the sources said . The fighting has left at least 13 dead and more than 100 wounded , the sources said . Al-Maqdessi also called for a public meeting at the mosque , posting on Jund Ansar Allah 's Web site an invitation dubbed "  the golden advice to the government of -LSB- Hamas leader -RSB- Ismail Haniya . " The group posted a statement on the site announcing the establishment of the Islamic emirate in Gaza and proclaiming al-Maqdessi "  the commander of the faithful . " The statement declared that armed forces in Gaza should unite under him . The statement urged Muslims everywhere to support the "  young emirate " and provide the group with money , weapons and men because "  this is the hope of the Muslim nation in raising the banner of monotheism in Palestine and to liberate all the lands and purify Al-Aqsa mosque from the filth of the damned Jews . " Al-Aqsa mosque is in Jerusalem . The group accused Hamas of not being Islamic enough , saying Hamas cares more about pleasing "  tyrants " than "  obeying God . " But Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zahri dismissed statements about the establishment of an Islamic emirate as "  theoretical . " "  It is not permitted to any party or individual to enforce their own laws , because this is the responsibility of the security forces , " he said . Salafi is the term used to describe the radical islamist movement that follows the doctrines of the "  Salaf , " or the predecessors , referring to the early generations of Muslims . The movement rejects all modern influences such as politics and government . CNN 's Talal Abu-Rahman in Gaza City contributed to this report .	NEW : Radical sheikh escapes ; Hamas forces blow up his home Sheikh 's call for creation of Gaza Islamic emirate sparked clashes with Hamas Hamas raided mosque where sermon delivered in Rafah , seized control Hamas spokesman calls sheikh 's followers "  outlaws , " says they attacked civilians
Ben Affleck 's appearance on Bill Maher 's "  Real Time " on Friday turned into a somewhat heated discussion when Maher and author Sam Harris voiced their opinions on Islam . "  Gone Girl " star Affleck took umbrage at the pair 's contention that Islam is , in Harris ' words , a "  mother lode of bad ideas " and that liberals are squeamish about criticizing Islam for stances on women and LGBT issues because people "  have been sold this meme of Islamophobia , where every criticism gets confused with bigotry toward Muslims as people . " Affleck said Harris -- a neuroscientist known for works criticizing religion -- and Maher were guilty of using a broad brush themselves . "  It 's gross . It 's racist , " Affleck said . "  It 's like saying ` shifty Jew . ' " Affleck added , "  How about more than a billion people who are not fanatical , who do n't punish women , who just want to go to school , have some sandwiches . ... It 's stereotyping . " Maher disagreed , questioning Affleck on his stance : "  You 're saying that the idea that someone should be killed if they leave the Islamic religion is just a few bad apples ? " "  That 's horrible , " Affleck replied . "  But  the people who would actually believe in an act that you murder someone if you leave Islam is not the majority of Muslims at all . " After some crosstalk , Harris chimed in with his view that "  we 're misled to think that the fundamentalists  in Islam  are the fringe , " as Maher added that moderate Muslims are afraid to speak out . Affleck responded that a better idea would be to criticize the Muslims who hold such views , not the whole religion . "  What is your solution ? To condemn Islam ? " Affleck asked . The actor , who also directed the Oscar-winning film "  Argo , " set in Iran and shot partially in Turkey , has received some positive response from viewers who appreciated his perspective . "  Did anyone enjoy watching an impassioned @BenAffleck on Bill Maher as much as I did ? " tweeted actress Jada Pinkett-Smith . "  Real Time with Bill Maher " airs on HBO , which -- like CNN -- is a division of Time Warner .	Ben Affleck says Bill Maher 's criticism of Islam is "  gross , " "  racist " Maher and guest Sam Harris made point that liberals are afraid to criticize Islam Affleck : Maher and Harris are conflating fundamentalists with majority
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- After a losing presidential campaign , it became clear to Edward "  Ted " Kennedy that his true calling was to help shape the country 's political future from the U.S. Senate . The turning point came in 1980 when Kennedy unsuccessfully challenged President Carter in the Democratic primaries . But Kennedy 's loss was not necessarily such a bad thing , a top political historian notes . "  I think partly it related to that time when he , after 1980 , he realized that he was not going to be president of the United States ... and that being a United States senator was a pretty important and powerful job in which he could do good , " said Stephen Hess , author of "  America 's Political Dynasties . " Kennedy , 77 , had represented Massachusetts in the U.S. Senate since his 1962 election when he was chosen to finish the unexpired Senate term of his brother , John F. Kennedy , who was elected president in 1960 . The Massachusetts governor appointed Democrat Benjamin A. Smith to the seat following John Kennedy 's presidential win . Political observers have said that Smith was a mere seat warmer until Ted Kennedy turned 30 -- the required age to become a U.S. senator . Watch how the youngest Kennedy brother carried on the family torch " "  It 's quite remarkable for a person who got there in 1962 at age 30 with no greater qualification for the office than his brother was president of the United States and the voters of Massachusetts respected that name , " Hess said . And after nearly 50 years , Hess said Kennedy -- the patriarch of the first family of U.S. Democratic politics -- has truly "  made a substantial mark . " Learn more about Kennedy 's funeral arrangements " Deemed by many as the "  Lion of the Senate , " Kennedy was considered one of the most effective legislators of the past few decades , especially in his ability to cross party lines to get legislation passed . In 2001 , Kennedy helped President Bush craft and pass education legislation with the No Child Left Behind Act . While facing some criticism from his party , Kennedy pushed ahead on an issue close to his heart . "  Kennedy realized how much more you could do when you engaged the opposition party and wanted to make the compromises or the agreements that could keep the peace on legislation , " Hess said . Kennedy , Hess added , was good at coalition building because he was an engaging person who "  owned the Senate . " Ted Sorensen , a speechwriter for President Kennedy , said that Ted Kennedy 's legacy in the Senate "  is comparable and consistent with the legacy of his entire family for generations . " That legacy , in addition to popularity among fellow senators , might be the reason why he had major roles in the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the 1990 Americans With Disabilities Act , the 1993 Family and Medical Leave Act and the Kennedy-Hatch law of 1997 . In 1994 , Kennedy was instrumental in helping the Clinton administration with its plan to overhaul health care . The legislation , maligned by Republicans and conservatives , later failed . Fifteen years later , he continued his fight for comprehensive health care alongside the nation 's first black president , Barack Obama . Kennedy , an early supporter of Obama 's presidential campaign , seemingly handed the torch down to Obama before the "  Super Tuesday " Democratic primaries by likening the senator from Illinois to his brother , the late president . But the man who spent much of his career helping others to get better health care , civil rights and education , now faced his own personal medical struggle -- the Kennedy patriarch had brain cancer . As that news broke in 2008 , his colleagues on both sides of the aisle not only prayed for his recovery but also honored Kennedy 's legacy . Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , released a statement saying , "  Ted Kennedy has spent his life caring for those in need . Now it 's time for those who love Ted and his family to care for them and join in prayer to give them strength . " Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , said that while he "  sparred a lot " with Kennedy , he knew "  firsthand what a formidable fighter he is , and I know that he will do all he can to battle this disease . " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , called Kennedy "  a legendary lawmaker , and I have the highest respect for him . ... When we have worked together , he has been a skillful , fair and generous partner . " iReport.com : Share tributes to Kennedy McCain and Kennedy often worked together on legislation throughout the years -- most notably on overhauling the nation 's immigration laws . Many observers said they believe legislation on the issue progressed as far as it did because Kennedy 's name was on it . But it has not always been an easy political road for Kennedy . After a July 18 , 1969 , party for those who had worked on his late brother Robert 's presidential campaign , Kennedy drove his car off a bridge on Chappaquiddick Island , Massachusetts . Although he managed to escape , his passenger , Mary Jo Kopechne , drowned . Kennedy did not report the incident immediately and later pleaded guilty to leaving the scene of an accident . The incident not only created a firestorm of controversy about the clout of the Kennedy family but also raised questions about the senator 's honesty and judgment . The accident is something that opponents would use in future campaigns . But through it all , Kennedy survived politically and went on to become one of the longest-serving senators in U.S. history .	Edward "  Ted " Kennedy had been U.S. senator from Massachusetts since 1962 Kennedy was considered one of the most effective legislators A hallmark was the senator 's ability to work across party lines , colleagues say
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- Antiviolence protesters stretched out 16,000 coconuts on Brazil 's world-famous Copacabana beach Saturday , each one representing a victim of urban violence . Protesters used dummies to represent victims of violence on Brazil 's Copacabana beach this week . Activists from ONG Rio de Paz led a protest march Saturday morning that included residents and tourists who usually can be found on the beach on weekends . The protesters strung up a sign on the sand that said "  Shame " in Spanish , Portuguese , English and French . They finished with a minute of silence for the victims of violence . Rio de Paz said the coconuts represent victims of violence , homicides , dead police officers and those who have been shot in gunfights between authorities and gangs of narcotics traffickers . The figure itself was obtained from official information from the Rio de Janeiro governmental Institute of Public Security . It was the second protest staged this week on Rio de Janeiro 's Copacabana beach by the group Rio de Paz . On Tuesday , the group created a mock cemetery in the sand with mannequins representing 9,000 people who Rio de Paz says have been slain and secretly buried since January 2007 . Rio de Paz President Antonio Carlos Costa said he believes that about 6,000 of the missing people were killed , many by drug traffickers fighting for territory in Rio 's slums and poor neighborhoods . Others , he said , were killed by hit squads and police acting on their own . "  In general , they are assassinated by police -- police acting outside of their regular work hours , " Costa said Tuesday . "  They are also assassinated by narcotraffickers . The bodies are disposed of in secret cemeteries in the metropolitan Rio de Janeiro area or incinerated alive by narcotraffickers in what they call ` microwaves . ' " To illustrate the point , demonstrators also constructed facsimiles of the "  microwaves " that narcotics traffickers and death squads reportedly use to cremate remains of those they have abducted . CNN 's Fabiana Frayssinet contributed to this report .	Protesters line up coconuts on Brazil 's Copacabana beach Rio de Paz says coconuts represent victims of urban violence , drug wars Protesters string up sign in sand that says "  Shame " in four languages Earlier , group staged mock cemetery in beach sand representing missing people
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho has continued rebuilding his Real Madrid squad , with the Spanish club agreeing to sign Germany World Cup star Mesut Ozil on Tuesday . The 21-year-old is expected to undergo a medical on Wednesday , missing his German team Werder Bremen 's Champions League qualifying clash with Italy 's Sampdoria that night . He will join fellow Germany midfielder Sami Khedira as one of Real 's pre-season signings , though the fee has yet to be disclosed . Spanish sports paper Marca reported that it was worth $ 15 million  $ 19 million  to Bremen and more than $ 30 million to the player spread over six years . "  Mesut Ozil lands at Real Madrid after a standout performance at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa , " said a statement on Real 's website . Time for ` want-away ' players to show some respect ? "  The midfielder earned a permanent spot on Germany 's senior side by the age of 21 after winning the 2009 Under-21 European Championship . His unique touch , unmatched individual technique , excellent ball control and deadly last pass make him one of the brightest up-and-coming stars in European football . " Ozil made a big impact at this year 's World Cup in South Africa in a midfield revamped in the absence of injured captain Michael Ballack , helping the 2006 finalists to finish third . Born in Gelsenkirchen of Turkish descent , he made his senior debut for local club Schalke in 2006 before moving to Bremen two years after that . He had been linked with several clubs , including England 's Manchester United , with just a year left on his Werder contract . "  When you have such an opportunity like this , then you want to take it . It is any footballer 's dream to play for the biggest teams in Europe , " Ozil said on Saturday after first learning of Madrid 's interest . The Real squad is in Belgium for the next leg of their pre-season tour , having already beaten Champions League runners-up Bayern Munich 4-2 following victories over L.A. Galaxy and Club America in the United States . Mourinho has already signed Portugal defender Ricardo Carvalho , Argentina winger Angel Di Maria and Racing Santander midfielder Sergio Canales . Meanwhile , English club Manchester City have unveiled Italy striker Mario Balotelli following his long-expected move from Inter Milan , and allowed Wales forward Craig Bellamy to join his hometown club Cardiff on a season-long loan in the second division after failing to make Roberto Mancini 's 25-man Premier League squad . The Italian coach said he would also consider letting Shay Given leave if the Republic of Ireland international was unhappy with being made second-choice goalkeeper behind young England player Joe Hart . Mancini said he was close to signing England midfielder James Milner from Aston Villa , with City 's Stephen Ireland to move in the other direction . "  I hope we can close it between today and tomorrow . I think Milner is a good player , an English player -- which is important . I think he can play in different positions , " Mancini told the UK Press Association on Tuesday . Marseille striker Mamadou Niang has completed his move from the French champions to Turkish club Fenerbahce , signing a three-year deal as he joins fellow Senegal international Issiar Dia at the Istanbul side . Marseille 's Burkina Faso international Charles Kabore has signed a new two-year contract until June 2015 , having recently received dual French nationality , while Ghana World Cup star Andre Ayew has extended his deal until 2014 .	Germany midfielder Mesut Ozil poised to join Real Madrid after deal is agreed He will leave Werder Bremen subject to a medical following two years at Bundesliga side The 21-year-old impressed as Germany finished third at the 2010 World Cup He joins international teammate Sami Khedira in moving to the Santiago Bernabeu
CNN  -- Joan Rivers started her career as a stand-up comedian quick to poke fun at herself -- at her body , her family responsibilities and being a misfit within an unaccommodating world . By the time she died Thursday at 81 , Rivers had become a worldwide celebrity . But she was still a misfit , biting the well-groomed hands that fed her . The comedian was quick-witted and sharp-tongued , known for standing on the red carpet or presiding over her show "  Fashion Police " and , she said , saying the things that other people were thinking . Rivers , the pioneering , sassy comedian whose gossipy "  can we talk " persona led to a career as a headlining talk-show host , best-selling author and red-carpet maven , died a week after being rushed to the hospital after suffering cardiac arrest at a Manhattan clinic . "  My mother 's greatest joy in life was to make people laugh . Although that is difficult to do right now , I know her final wish would be that we return to laughing soon , " said her daughter , Melissa , in a statement . Joan Rivers dies at age 81 Rivers ' initial rise to fame was propelled by jokes about herself and her family duties . "  I hate housework , " went one of her jokes . "  You make the beds , you do the dishes and six months later you have to start all over again . " "  I blame my mother for my poor sex life , " went another . "  All she told me was ` the man goes on top and the woman underneath . ' For three years my husband and I slept in bunk beds . " Rivers in her own words Over time , her self-mocking shtick gave way to more pointed comedy , with shrewd and cutting insults aimed at celebrities and politicians . Comedians such as Roseanne Barr , Sarah Silverman , Kathy Griffin and Chelsea Handler owe a great deal to Rivers ' brash , commanding personality , which was unusual when she first came up . "  My heart is torn in half , " said Silverman in a tweet . "  She was n't done . " iReport : Share your memories of Joan Rivers She was a popular talk-show guest , most notably on Johnny Carson 's "  Tonight Show , " and used that platform to become one of Carson 's regular guest hosts -- and , in 1983 , his permanent guest host . But their relationship was severed when , in 1986 , she became the host of her own talk show on Fox , then a new television network . Her show would air opposite the "  Tonight Show . " Carson , feeling betrayed , cut her off cold . She did n't appear on the "  Tonight Show " again until Jimmy Fallon took over as host earlier this year . Rivers ' Fox talk show was short-lived and its cancellation coincided with a dark period in her life , including the suicide of her husband-manager , Edgar Rosenberg , three months after the show was pulled . Still , the comedian eventually bounced back , first with a daytime talk show , then as co-host with daughter Melissa of E! 's red-carpet coverage . The two Rivers became mainstays of awards season -- later for the TV Guide Channel -- with Joan known for mocking celebrities and their outfits there and on the show "  Fashion Police . " Rivers also became known for her extensive plastic surgery , which -- in typical Rivers fashion -- she flaunted rather than played down . "  I 've had so much plastic surgery , when I die they will donate my body to Tupperware , " she said . ` Screaming her way through life ' Joan Alexandra Molinsky was born June 8 , 1933 , in Brooklyn , New York , the daughter of a doctor . Her childhood home was n't always a happy one ; her mother , though gifted with a strong sense of humor , was critical , and her father was softhearted but tight with a dollar . Her parents argued over money regularly . Rivers attended Barnard College and had dreams of making it as an actress , a dream both parents discouraged . After giving up performing after college , she had a brief marriage , and then turned to comedy . She became a regular at Greenwich Village coffeehouses and was part of Chicago 's Second City comedy troupe for a time . A 1965 booking on Carson made her career . She soon had her own talk show and kept up regular appearances on "  Tonight " and several talk and variety programs . She met Rosenberg in 1965 , not long after the Carson appearance . They married four days later . The two maintained a you-and-me-against-the-world attitude , as noted in a 1987 People article after Rosenberg 's suicide . "  Joan and Edgar , pursued by the same ghosts and hurts , feeling mutually threatened by adversaries real and imagined , trusted only each other and existed as an island built from intense and protective loyalty , " wrote the magazine 's Richard Meryman . Rivers summed up the impact of his death bluntly , of course . "  All that happened to me , " she told The New York Times , "  was my husband committed suicide , my daughter did n't talk to me for two years , and I was broke . " A year after Rosenberg 's death , she joined the cast of Neil Simon 's "  Broadway Bound . " Indeed , she often took refuge in work , whether it was writing books , mocking celebrities , starring in Las Vegas or even appearing in a documentary about her life , 2010 's "  Joan Rivers : A Piece of Work . " Rivers was often a polarizing figure , recognized for her wit but feared for her underlying wrath . She was well aware of her personality , once describing herself as "  screaming her way through life . " Her relentlessness could serve her well , however . In 2009 , she won an edition of Donald Trump 's "  Celebrity Apprentice . " "  She had unbelievable stamina , " said Trump Thursday . Some of the criticism she faced was standard Hollywood fare . In 1978 , Rivers directed a movie , "  Rabbit Test , " starring Billy Crystal as the world 's first pregnant man . The reviews were mediocre . "  I sat in the midst of an audience that broke its silence only to yawn , take orders for popcorn , and  in the case of audience members under 5  break into tears , " wrote Roger Ebert , giving the film one star . Rivers shrugged that off . "  Seventy percent of the critics have hated my movie , " she told Ebert . "  The other 30 % were geniuses , knew their work and were sensually attractive . " Nevertheless , she never directed again . ` It 's my job to make them laugh ' More recently , her red-carpet quips and "  Fashion Police " commentary got her attacked as cruel . In 2013 , Jennifer Lawrence noted of Rivers ' chatter , "  They put values in all the things that are wrong and show that it 's OK to just point at people and call them ugly and call them fat and they call it fun . " Rivers immediately struck back : "  She has been touched up more than a choirboy at the Vatican , " she told the New York Post . And earlier this year , she abruptly left a CNN interview when asked about her "  mean " reputation . She was also criticized for comments about the Cleveland kidnap victims , the Gaza conflict and for calling first lady Michelle Obama "  a trans . " Always , Rivers soldiered on . "  I do n't want a warm hand on my shoulder . I do n't want sympathy audiences . It 's my job to make them laugh , and I 'm a professional , and my husband was a professional , " she told People two weeks after her husband died . She earned several honors over her career . She was nominated for a Grammy and a Tony , and won a Daytime Emmy for her early - '90s talk show . She had a successful jewelry line that she sold on QVC . She almost never apologized and rarely looked back . After all , she said , it was her bluntness that made her who she was . "  I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking , " she said . Rivers is survived by her daughter , Melissa , and a grandson , Cooper . People we 've lost in 2014 See more about the people of comedy at CNN Comedy .	Joan Rivers was brash , popular comedian and host Rivers got her big break with appearance on "  Tonight Show " She later had her own talk shows , was a red-carpet maven Despite criticism , tragedy , she constantly soldiered forward
CNN  -- Do I stay or do I go ? Almost everyone has already boarded the plane , including dozens of journalists . The airport staff , including lots of security guards , are now glaring at me . This is the flight many people believe will carry Edward Snowden from Moscow to Havana . But there 's no sign of Snowden . My cameraman is already on the plane . He 's supposed to message me if there 's a confirmed sighting . The stakes are high . If I get on and Snowden does n't we 're committing to a Moscow-Havana round trip that will take us a long way from the story . There are too many scenarios and no safe bets . If I do n't see him and do n't board , he could still join the aircraft on the tarmac later . Another journalist is already tweeting excitedly about a VIP van parked next to the plane . I 'm constantly on the phone with CNN HQ . The bosses make a decision . There 's only one way to know for sure . Go for it . Read more : Snowden ` free man ' For a story with so few confirmed facts , sending us on a flight to Havana , despite the uncertain outcome , was considered a valuable insurance policy . When I step on board I see a frenzy of men with video cameras and flight attendants trying to stop them . But there 's no Snowden . So we wait , nervously glancing between the door and the tarmac . There is an unusually high number of men in police-like uniforms surrounding the plane . A hungry media pack is desperately looking for any sign of the man as the clock ticks down to our departure time . The door closes . The plane pushes back . But hope is not dead . He could still be whisked out to meet the plane . That 's not what happens . Minutes later the Snowden-less jet is in the air bound for Cuba . The story remains on the ground somewhere in Moscow . After takeoff , we do a row-by-row search . We look in the galleys , the washrooms . I stick my head in the curtained-off rest area for the flight crew . A grey haired Russian man stares back with confusion in the dark space . "  Izvinite . " Excuse me . It all confirms what we were already pretty sure of . Read more : No-show leaves reporters stuck on plane There 's only one area we ca n't check - the cockpit . It seems unlikely Russian authorities or Aeroflot would allow Snowden to travel in the secure pointy end of the aircraft . But the circumstances of this story fit the general rule I 've developed through living in Russia . Anything , no matter how logic defying , is possible . I keep a close eye on the crew coming and going from the cockpit just in case . Frustrated journalists huddle around seat 17a . Its emptiness mocks us . Some earlier reports said this was where Snowden would be sitting . A good part of the flight is spent debating theories on Snowden 's plans for escape and his chances of success . What role Russia and Ecuador ? It 's all just speculation with a little logic thrown in . In other words , like so many people around the world right now , we 're all just guessing . But at least we knew he was n't on the aircraft . Back on earth , my colleagues at CNN had no way of being so certain . Moments before takeoff , I 'd communicated by phone there was no sign of Snowden . But that did n't mean he was n't on board somewhere . And as we crossed the globe I had no way of passing on the results of our detailed search . Neither Aeroflot nor the Russian government had confirmed or denied if he was on the flight . So my news organization was still tracking its path across Russia , Northern Europe , the Atlantic , Canada and the eastern states of America . We even flew very close to CNN 's world headquarters in Georgia . Read more : How hunt humiliated U.S. . It was not until the aircraft doors opened at our destination and I first felt the sticky , warm Havana air that I was able to call in again and confirm definitively Snowden had not left Russia on that flight . Ah Havana . A much dreamed of travel destination for this Australian journalist . Those dreams would remain unfulfilled . I 'd arrived with no accreditation or visa . I could n't legally enter the country . My Cuban adventure involved one hour in the transit lounge desperately negotiating with officials to allow me back on the same aircraft for the return flight to Moscow . No rum . No sweet cigar scent . No music . But during my brief time in the soulless transit area there were still many incredibly warm Cuban smiles . The return flight was even less eventful . Time was spent writing this account and editing the video story of our travels . In total we endured around 30 hours of pretty darn comfortable business class travel for little journalistic result . It 's not the stuff that inspires enormous work satisfaction in my trade . But after arriving back in Moscow and while sitting in this city 's horrific traffic , one senior CNN editor thanked me for making the journey . He said the time consuming , sleep depriving , costly act necessary to confirm Snowden was n't on that flight was highly valuable in our coverage of a story where basic questions remain unanswered . What will Edward Snowden do next ?	NSA leaker Edward Snowden was believed to be flying from Moscow to Havana Dozens of journalists boarded the flight he was believed to be traveling on CNN 's Phil Black said a row-by-row search after takeoff found no trace of Snowden Journalists huddled around the empty seat where he had been expected to sit , Black said
CNN  -- You 've heard the saying : "  In war , amateurs talk strategy , professionals talk logistics . " The political equivalent : "  Amateurs talk ideology -- professionals talk interest groups . " Small but sophisticated interest groups use big political battles to gain special advantages . Health care reform is , of course , the biggest battle of them all , with trillions of dollars at stake . On Saturday night with the House vote in favor of the health reform bill , the trial lawyers sliced themselves a nice little piece of that bonanza . It 's Section 2531 of the bill -- to be precise Section 2531  4  b -- and it provides as follows : The new health bill will empower the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to states that reform their medical malpractice systems . There are just two conditions : Those reforms must not "  limit attorneys ' fees or impose caps on damages . " Which is like saying that we 're going to encourage you to develop a personal weight loss plan that includes neither exercise nor changes in diet . Here 's how Section 2531 works . Over the past decade and a half , states have reacted to abusive lawsuits by imposing various restrictions on personal injury awards . In California , pain and suffering damages can not exceed $ 250,000 . Attorneys may collect no more than 15 percent of malpractice awards over $ 600,000 . The impact of these kinds of reforms can be dramatic . After Texas capped pain and suffering damages at $ 750,000 in 2003 , the number of malpractice lawsuits dropped abruptly . Lawsuits in Harris County  Houston and environs  plunged by 50 percent . Fewer lawsuits meant lower malpractice premiums . Texas ' largest malpractice insurance carrier cut costs to doctors by 17 percent . Lower insurance premiums attracted more medical professionals to the state . In the 1990s , Texas ranked low in the nation in the number of doctors per person . In the four years after 2003 , the number of doctors in the state jumped by 18 percent . "  It was hard to believe at first , we thought it was a spike , " the executive director of the states ' medical board told the New York Times . Texas ' experience is dramatic , but consistent , with other reforming states . States with damage caps gain more doctors than uncapped states -- and the difference is greatest in the most underserved counties within capped states . Capped states have 5.5 percent more OB-GYNs per person in their rural counties than do states without caps . But the money saved by insurers , doctors and their customers is money subtracted from the pockets of trial lawyers -- and those lawyers carry real clout in the Democratic Congress . The trial lawyers ' national PAC , the American Association for Justice , was the second-biggest source of PAC dollars for Democratic candidates in the 2006 election year : almost $ 2.6 million . That same year , Iowa 's trial lawyers elected a former president of their association to Congress . Had the National Enquirer been less inquiring , a former trial lawyer named John Edwards might well be serving as attorney general right now . Huey Long once summed up the professional politicians ' credo : "  Those who support me early will have my close attention when I win office . Those who support me late will have my attention when I win office . And those who oppose me -- " and here he 'd wink -- "  they 'll get good government . " We all know what Long meant by "  close attention , " and his old party apparently still lives by his rules . On Saturday , House Democrats have delivered some very "  close attention " to their friends in the trial bar . The question is : who will stand up for good government for the rest of us ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	The House bill passed Saturday night protects the fees of trial lawyers , Frum says He says states that have capped fees have seen increase in doctors When Texas capped fees , lawsuits fell and doctors moved to the state , he says Frum : Trial lawyers are benefiting because they provide campaign funds for Democrats
The man before me is not yet 30 . He stands , perhaps a little unsure of himself , a nervous tic in his shoulders seeming to betray his unease . Before him is one of the largest armies on the planet . It is a war machine , still fighting a battle from more than half a century ago . They move in lockstep , legs kicking and arms swinging as one , discipline and focus measured in millimeters . A vast arsenal of weapons , missiles and tanks , pass by . The cost of this show of military might has been paid in the suffering of the people it is primed to defend . Aid groups say thousands have starved here ; meanwhile , the army has grown fat . The young man eyeing all of this is master of all he surveys . This is North Korea , and the man is Kim Jong Un . Kim Jong Un named marshal of North Korean army This was a rare glimpse indeed of a man who now rules the notorious hermit kingdom . In April this year , North Korea opened its doors to the world 's media . CNN was there to cover the celebration of the 100th anniversary of the birth of the country 's founding father , Kim Il Sung . The eternal president and "  Great Leader " had passed power to his "  Dear Leader " son , the erratic , eccentric Kim Jong Il . Now a third generation Kim , the so-called "  Supreme Leader , " stood on the shoulders of his forebears . He gained power by birthright , but the world is watching as he attempts to rule in his own right . "  He is the youngest head of state in the world , " said analyst Patrick Chovanec . "  There 's still a lot of debate about how much power he has , whether other family members are in control or the military . " Reading North Korean tea leaves His soldiers certainly pay lip service to their loyalty . These men are combat ready , never forgetting they have a sworn enemy in the United States . "  With the strategy of the great leader Kim Il Sung , the dear Kim Jong Il and Kim Jong Un with our bombs and weapons we will destroy them , " they tell me . But beyond the war rhetoric are the realities of leading an impoverished , isolated and paranoid country . As I stood below him at this military parade , my mind wandered to the young Kim 's thoughts . What would have been going through his mind ? We 're told he was educated partly in Switzerland , loves music and western movies and is a huge basketball fan . But the country he rules is largely sealed off from the outside world . People here mostly do n't have telephones ; they never get exposure to foreign television , newspapers or films . The world is defined by endless statues , portraits and tributes to the cult of the Kims . What Kim 's ` mystery woman ' says about North Korea When CNN visited Pyongyang , North Korea was putting on its most intimidating face . But amid this display of what the regime called power and prosperity was the lone voice of the young leader . For the first time North Koreans heard him speak . This is why he appeared nervous . Kim Jong Un mouthed the usual threats and warnings , but there was something different : an acknowledgment that North Korea must find a better future . "  Our fellow citizens , who are the best citizens in the world , who have overcome countless struggles and hardships , it is our party 's firmest resolve not to let our citizens go hungry again , " he said . It was an important , if veiled , concession . Yes , North Korean people had suffered . Yes , the regime was responsible -- not just for the past but a better future . "  This was really his introduction . A few years ago no one even knew he existed but they 're being told to worship him , " Chovanec said . Our government-assigned minders escorted us around the city . They were there to make sure that what we saw and heard was strictly according to the party line . In North Korea it is impossible to separate what is genuine and what is just for show . In the streets of the capital , Pyongyang , we were given a glimpse of the great future Kim Jong Un was promising . We were taken to bustling neighborhoods , saw families shopping , cars on the street . But all of this only served to hide another harsher reality . Outside this showcase city , life was so very different . In the bleak countryside , aid groups say people continue to starve . Defectors tell of surviving on little more than corn . Children are reportedly malnourished and have stunted growth . All the while billions of dollars are still spent on high-tech missiles and nuclear weapons . This is the essence of this secretive country . Kim Jong Un may struggle to emerge from the shadows of his father and grandfather , but the gun here looms even larger . As young and green as he is , he knows this much : Without it , his rule and the regime itself will not survive .	North Korea 's Kim Jong Un is the third generation of a powerful dynasty Beyond war rhetoric are realities of an impoverished , paranoid country Country is largely sealed off from the outside world Aid groups describe starvation , as billions of dollars are spent on weapons
CNN  -- My Facebook feed is suddenly depleted of the usual smiling selfies and is now raging with photos , videos and links to news articles about the war going on between Hamas and the Israeli military . Everyone , it seems , has become their own curator of the news about this conflict . Many of the posts in my feed are about the media bias much of my family and friends perceive in the coverage . A much clearer-cut bias , though , is the one your Facebook feed might have . Some Jews and Muslims on Facebook may have noticed that their own feeds are replete with stories sympathetic to "  one side " and possibly even hostile to the other side . As a journalist , it feels encouraging to see people so enthralled with the news of our times that they 're compelled to share it with everyone they know . But as a 28-year-old who knows plenty of my friends get their news only through their Facebook feed , I 'm concerned . I do n't fault Facebook for creating an algorithm that feeds us the stories we 're most likely to "  Like " and share , based on what our friends are already liking and sharing . Undoubtedly , the attempt by Facebook engineers to keep us more engaged with our feed never intended to affect the balance of Middle East news coverage . Yet , I do worry that many of my of friends are seeing the news of this entire conflict only through a Facebook filter inadvertently biased against Israel or biased against Gaza , depending on your circle of friends and family . My fear is that they 're no longer seeing the variety of reports from seasoned correspondents who go to painstaking lengths to give a complete and encompassing account of the stories in both in Israel and Gaza . Facebook , on the other hand , is programmed to feed up the news from one side : your friends ' perspectives . "  It 's not just Facebook , " Eli Pariser , author of the "  The Filter Bubble , " warned in his TED talk about the dangers of a customized Internet . Pariser points out that a simple Google search of "  Egypt , " for example , will generate a completely different result and even different news articles customized for each user . "  There 's a whole host of companies that are doing this kind of personalization . Yahoo News , the biggest news site on the Internet , is now personalized . Different people get different things , " Pariser said . "  This moves us very quickly toward a world in which the Internet is showing us what it thinks we want to see , but not necessarily what we need to see . " For every person posting a story sympathetic to "  their " side , they should take a moment to contemplate that someone else 's Facebook feed is likely filled with the stories with the opposite bias . This week , I interviewed the two university students who started the Facebook page and hashtag "  Jews & Arabs Refuse To Be Enemies . " One is an Israeli Jew and the other a Syrian-born American Muslim . They said they were inspired to create the social media campaign , in part , because of the often vitriolic nature of what they 've seen posted about Israel or the Palestinians on their own feeds . For many people , the one-sidedness of their Facebook feed might actually be a sign of something they 're missing far beyond their feed : a lack of friendships they have across religious and ethnic lines . A few of my friends have even written status updates saying that they 've defriended people on Facebook or been defriended for posting opposing views about this war . Muslims defriending Jews and vice versa -- just making the Facebook feed even more biased and insular from an opposing perspective or a shared news story which may be hard for one side to stomach . I admit that there are many important and intriguing stories about the war I 've come across through my feed . Social media offer a slice of the story , but they just ca n't provide a holistic understanding of the news , much less the Middle East . Watching a newscast or reading a newspaper 's website seems even more essential now to ensure you 're confronting the opinions and reports that challenge your own perceptions and your friends ' convictions . I just hope my friends will spend the time reading and watching the nuanced stories from credible journalists as they do from the friends on their Facebook feed . If not , what 's arguably the world 's most intractable conflict may only be seen by many through the world 's largest echo chamber .	Concern that people are seeing news only via social media filter And they may be getting only one perspective This is playing out in current Middle East crisis
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- Facing political pressure , Madhav Kumar Nepal announced Wednesday that he is resigning as Nepal 's prime minister . In a 20-minute televised address , Nepal said he wanted to avert crisis and find "  political resolution to the peace process and the drafting of the new constitution . " "  Since it is not right to keep the country in a state of indecision and uncertainty , despite having a clear majority in parliament , I have decided to resign today so that the peace process and the constitution drafting process are completed , " he said . Nepal has endured a fractious political transition since it was declared a republic in 2008 after the abolition of a centuries-old monarchy . This is the third government that has fallen since then . The opposition Maoists , who form the largest party in parliament , have demanded Nepal 's resignation as the troubled Himalayan nation prepares a new constitution . Otherwise , the Maoists had threatened to disrupt the parliamentary session and block approval of the annual budget . The failure to adopt a new constitution by the late May deadline would have automatically dissolved the government . But the Maoists agreed to let the government amend the constitution and extend the deadline by a year . In exchange , the Maoists wanted the prime minister to step down so they could lead the government again . The Maoists fought a decade-long insurgency in an effort to topple Nepal 's monarchy , leaving more than 13,000 people dead . They signed a peace deal in 2006 . Elections in April 2008 made Nepal a republic and dethroned the king . The Maoists were the largest party in the previous coalition government , but their leader , Pushpa Kamal Dahal -- commonly known as Prachanda -- resigned as prime minister a year ago because the president overturned his decision to fire a senrio military official . The Maoists declined to join the next coalition government under Nepal 's leadership , upset that the government was not making moves to integrate about 19,000 former rebels into the Nepalese army . The government has been reluctant to integrate its former enemies . It 's unclear who will succeed Nepal as the next prime minister . Journalist Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report .	Madhav Kumar Nepal announced he was quitting in a televised address He was under political pressure to avert a national crisis The Maoists , who fought a 10-year insurgency , form the largest political party in Nepal The Maoists had threatened to block approval of a new constitution
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- What do you say when you meet one of the most iconic statesmen in the world ? Mandela holds baby Freya as Robyn Curnow and her husband Kim look on . For someone who makes a living out of communications , I have consistently been tongue-tied around Nelson Mandela . The funny thing is I am not particularly star-struck -- as a CNN correspondent I get to interview and profile all sorts of "  famous " people . It 's just a not a big deal for me . However , with Madiba  as Mandela is often called  , I feel like every moment spent with him is a gift , a blessing that I will tell my grandchildren about one day . As a South African he has a place in our hearts that is hard to define . However , my stories about my encounters with Nelson Mandela are the stuff of comedy clubs . I 've never quite managed to hold my own with him . I always land up somehow embarrassing myself when I am around him ; I 've slipped on shiny presidential floors , got tangled up in camera equipment and made pathetically inane comments . I first met Nelson Mandela in the early 1990s . I ca n't remember exactly when , but it was at the Wanderers cricket stadium in Johannesburg . He visited the VIP room , during a test match , where I was working during school vacations and everybody lined up to meet him . I stood proudly and waited my turn , he came over to me . He was tall . He said to me , "  You are so gracious , I am so humbled to meet you . " I remember thinking , if Nelson Mandela thinks I am gracious -- fantastic . I promptly turned around and ungraciously tripped on my best shoes , tumbling into the crowd behind me . I was the one humbled . Years later , I was a young reporter working for the South African Broadcasting Corporation during Mandela 's presidency . I was n't senior enough to cover the big political stories of the day so news editors only assigned me the light hearted Mandela news stories . The one I remember most was around a birthday or Christmas during which there was a photo opportunity at one of his grandson 's kindergartens . Word had got out among the press that "  Twinkle twinkle little star " was Madiba 's favorite nursery rhyme , so , of course , all the children sang it for him . I sang along too , twinkle-finger actions included , it 's a great song . Whether it was or not Madiba 's favorite , is not something I have ever asked him . Years after that , I was taking a sabbatical from journalism and spent a year studying for my Masters degree at Cambridge University . Mandela just happened to be an honorary fellow at Magdalene College , where I was studying . He came to visit that year , giving a speech in the college 's beautiful cloisters . I waved at him , as he passed by all of us students assembled in the quadrangle . Of course , he did n't wave back , but I felt gracious and humbled in his presence , protected by Magdalene 's great walls . And then I turned to my awe-struck friends and said , "  Did you know his favorite song is ` Twinkle Twinkle Little Star ? ' " -- which kind of killed the moment . Fast forward a few more years , I reported on Mandela occasionally during my time as a correspondent at CNN London 's bureau . From a distance , I saw him get older and shakier on his feet . His hair got whiter and his public engagements lessened considerably . Once in while , I would regale my friends with Madiba 's stories -- yes , there are more -- like the time I sneaked into the bathroom in his presidential mansion , desperate for relief , before a long-delayed press conference and phoned a friend from within to ask whether it was morally right to steal some of Nelson Mandela 's soap .  I did n't . It is n't very gracious  . Or the time , I asked Zelda la Grange , his devoted personal assistant , to take a photo of me and Madiba together before I went up to Cambridge . He agreed and came over to me , throwing his arm around me and giving me squeeze a and joking , "  Ah , I am sure your boyfriend will be jealous . " Did you know that Nelson Mandela is a terrible flirt ? Again , I became self-conscious . I was carrying my handbag over my shoulder and I did n't want the photo to look like I was Margaret Thatcher or my grandmother , for that matter , constantly clutching a handbag . So with his arm still firm around my middle , I bent down to put my handbag on the floor . That 's when Zelda took the photo ... unfortunately ; the automatic flash went off on my camera . That 's a complete no-no around Mandela -- his eyes were damaged during his years of imprisonment on Robben Island and flash photography is forbidden . So they whizzed away , slightly peeved , and I landed up with a "  Me and Mandela " photograph that showed the president grinning into camera , holding me around the waist and me half bent over , lowering my handbag , with my head half cocked and eyes half closed . It was not mantelpiece material . I never thought I 'd meet him again , up close and personal , until , last year when Zelda , ever the diplomat , like her boss , invited to me to introduce my newly born daughter , Freya , to him . My husband Kim and I had just returned back to live in South Africa , after nearly six years away in London . It was oddly nerve-racking , and I did what I always do in his presence I acted incredibly gauche , stupid and clumsy . I kept on saying : "  So how are you ? " As if he 'd offer me a glass of wine , and say , "  Ya know Robyn , my knees are killing me , I 'm bit worried about the situation in Zimbabwe and howz about them Mets ? " I offered my baby to him , like a little sacrificial lamb . The pictures tell it all . The ones we sent to friends  and everybody we knew  , show us laughing with the world 's greatest statesman . The ones we did n't email to the world show our daughter freaking out and crying . Madiba tried to placate her by wagging a finger at her and telling her , "  I am your great great grandfather . " She freaked out some more . I think she takes after her mother .	Curnow first met Mandela in 1990 and has encountered him several times Meetings usually ended less than graciously for Curnow Last encounter saw Mandela trying placate Curnow 's upset daughter
New York  CNN  -- A New York medical examiner 's office said Saturday that a body discovered this week along a remote stretch of Long Island beach was that of Shannan Gilbert , the missing New Jersey woman whose disappearance led investigators to 10 sets of human remains and the hunt for a possible serial killer . Gilbert , 24 , vanished in May 2010 after visiting a client . The Jersey City resident , police said , had advertised for prostitution services on websites such as Craigslist . Her body was uncovered Tuesday in the wooded marshes of Suffolk County 's Oak Beach . The cause of her death has not yet been determined , police said in a statement . "  Our condolences to the Gilbert family and her friends , " said Police Commissioner Richard Dormer . "  We hope this brings them closure and peace . " Investigators cut through a fresh thicket of brush and bramble along Long Island 's southern shoreline earlier this week , expanding their investigation across a recently drained swampland on the barrier island before uncovering Gilbert 's remains . They were found at 9:14 a.m. Tuesday by police divers and detectives riding atop amphibious vehicles , roughly a quarter-mile from where her purse was found a week before . The purse was discovered near a cell phone , shoes and a pair of jeans , according to investigators . After Gilbert vanished last year , the hunt for her led police seven months later to four bodies stuffed in bushes along a quarter-mile stretch of Ocean Parkway in Oak Beach . All four were later identified as women and , like Gilbert , had advertised for prostitution services online . The bodies were found in various stages of decomposition . Additional remains were later uncovered in neighboring Gilgo Beach and in Nassau County , about 40 miles east of New York City . Unlike other victims found scattered across the two counties , Gilbert is not thought to have been murdered by the suspected serial killer , police have said . But on Thursday , top law enforcement officials publicly sparred over competing theories in the case . Dormer has said a single person is likely responsible for the alleged murders . "  The theory is now that we 're dealing with one serial killer , " he told reporters in November , reiterating his position during a county legislative hearing on Thursday . Moments later during the same hearing , Suffolk County District Attorney Thomas Spota took the stand and rejected Dormer 's statement . "  I very very much disagree with that theory , " said Spota . "  I do n't know of anybody who , in the police department , who is actively conducting the investigation who shares that theory . "  Quite frankly , I do n't know why there was a unilateral change in theories . " In May , Spota told reporters that a collection of human remains were not believed to be connected to the first four victims . Dormer , who initially told reporters the bodies could be the work of a killer or multiple killers , later pointed to a similar dumping ground as one common aspect of the investigation that could support the notion of a single killer . Authorities have sifted through more than 1,000 tips related to the case . But it 's unclear whether that has shed any light on an investigation that continues to garner national attention . In June , police upped the ante in their search for a culprit . The reward for information leading to an arrest -- once topping out at $ 5,000 -- was raised five-fold , making it the largest offered in Suffolk County history in an apparent bid to fill out a case that some fear has gone cold .	Authorities confirm that a body discovered this week was that of Shannan Gilbert Police say the cause of her death has not yet been determined Gilbert 's May 2010 disappearance led to the discovery of other bodies on Long Island
CNN  -- The storm previously known as Hurricane Igor sped past Newfoundland Tuesday , leaving behind downed trees , washed out roads and a desperate search for a missing elderly man . Igor slipped into a post-tropical status late Tuesday afternoon , losing its hurricane moniker in the process . But the storm still carried hurricane-force winds with a top sustained rate that had jumped to 86 mph  139 kph  , according to the Canadian weather office . Sgt. Boyd Merrill of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said that the Mounties have responded to reports that an 80-year-old man was swept out to sea Tuesday morning when his driveway collapsed beneath him from the rain-fed water flow . The incident took place on Random Island near Britannia , Merrill said , and the harsh weather conditions have made the search difficult . With impassable roads and no air or sea travel available , he said , only local residents have been able to search the area . Marine Search and Rescue from St. John 's was unable to get a helicopter into the air , and the Canadian Coast Guard vessel Ann Harvey was dispatched to the area and then recalled over safety concerns . A hurricane watch remained in effect for the Newfoundland coast from Stones Cove to Fogo Island , and a tropical storm warning was in effect for the entirety of the coast . But forecasters said they expected the hurricane watch to be discontinued later Tuesday night as the storm moves further from shore . A gust of 90 mph  144 kph  was reported at Bonavista , Newfoundland , according to the Miami , Florida-based National Hurricane Center . Igor 's forward speed was slowing -- 27 mph  43 kph  -- and rainfall associated with the storm was decreasing . Igor was still expected to dump a total of 4 to 8 inches on the province , the Hurricane Center said . As of 8 p.m. ET , the center of Igor was about 240 miles  385 kilometers  east-northeast of Gander , Newfoundland . Forecasters said Igor would hold onto its hurricane-force winds for the day or so but gradually weaken as it crosses the into the Labrador Sea and onward to the Davis Strait , which separates Greenland and Canada . "  The center of Igor will continue to move away from the island of Newfoundland , " forecasters said . It is expected to turn north-northeast and then north and to slow Tuesday night and Wednesday before heading northwest toward Baffin island . Large swells associated with Igor are expected to affect the U.S. East Coast through Tuesday and the southern coastlines of Nova Scotia and Newfoundland for the next couple of days , the Hurricane Center said . Swells will be slowly subsiding in Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , the island of Hispaniola and portions of the Bahamas over the next couple of days but could cause rip currents and heavy surf , forecasters said . The center of Igor reached its closest point to Bermuda -- about 40 miles  65 kilometers  west of the island -- late Sunday night and continued bringing fierce winds to the island on Monday . There were no reports of serious damage , injuries or deaths , but residents experienced widespread power outages . Some might not have power restored for weeks , CNN meteorologist Reynolds Wolf said , reporting from Bermuda . Meanwhile , Tropical Storm Lisa formed Tuesday in the eastern Atlantic Ocean but posed no immediate threat to land . As of 5 p.m. ET , Lisa was barely moving about 535 miles  845 km  west-northwest of the Cape Verde Islands , according to the National Hurricane Center . Lisa carried maximum sustained winds of 45 mph  75 kph  . Forecasters said Lisa could increase rapidly in the next 24 hours .	NEW : Igor no longer a hurricane , but still carries hurricane force winds NEW : Elderly man reportedly swept away when his driveway collapsed NEW : Weather has kept searchers away Tropical Storm Lisa forms in eastern Atlantic
Tuscaloosa , Alabama  CNN  -- Leveled buildings , fallen trees and massive piles of rubble stretched across wide swaths of the South Thursday after destructive tornadoes and severe storms tore through the region . In all , the death toll from the wave of powerful storms that struck Wednesday and early Thursday was more than 280 people in six states . In Tuscaloosa alone , at least 36 people lost their lives . Officials scrambled to assess the damage . Doctors treated hundreds of injured . And dazed residents wandered the streets , telling harrowing tales of devastation and survival . Employees huddled in a windowless break room at a CVS drug store in Tuscaloosa as a tornado approached and a deafening roar filled the air , store manager Michael Zutell said . A mother cradling an infant sprinted inside just before the twister hit . "  Glass is breaking . The woman with the baby is screaming . Part of the drop ceiling fell and boxes fly in , " he said . No one inside the store was injured , Zutell said . "  It 's mind-boggling to think you walked away . " Nurse Rachel Mulder said she and her husband rode out the storm in the bathtub of their second-floor apartment in Duncanville , Alabama . After the tornado passed , only their bathroom was standing . "  My husband was walking around , looking for survivors and called me over and said ... ` Come here , someone is dying . ' So I grabbed my first-aid kit and ran down the stairs to try and help her , " she recalled . "  I tried to stop her bleeding and save her , but she was taking her last breath . " Bill Dutton found his mother-in-law 's body hundreds of yards from the site of her Pleasant Grove , Alabama , home , which was swept away down to the foundation . "  The last thing she said on the phone , she was taking shelter in a closet , " he said . Reba Self frantically searched for her mother after a tornado pummelled their home in Ringgold , Georgia . "  I 'm screaming for her , ` Answer me , Mom -- please , Mom , answer me . ' I did n't hear anything . It turns out she had gotten out of the house and walked around to the basement door , and she asked me if I was OK . " Now , they 're trying to make the best of the situation . "  I 'm laughing at her because she 's in the house with a broom , sweeping . I told her , ` Mom , the house is gone , you can put the broom down , ' " Self said . The widespread devastation in areas across the South left residents reeling Thursday . "  It looks like an atomic bomb went off in a straight line , " said Dr. Brian Wilhite , an internist at Druid City Hospital in Tuscaloosa who tended to the wounded . The facility was overrun with hundreds of people who suffered injuries , including head injuries or lacerations , he said . "  It looked more like a Vietnam War site than a hospital , " Wilhite said . "  I know one physician who watched two people die right in front of him . There was nothing he could do . " A video shot from the third floor of the University of Alabama 's basketball coliseum shows a large mass sucking everything into forbidding dark clouds above . Christopher England , who recorded the video , said the tornado looked like a movie scene . "  It was unreal to see something that violent and something that massive , " he said . Tuscaloosa Mayor Walter Maddox estimated that the destruction spanned a length of five to seven miles , and was a mile wide in some areas . The challenges facing the city were daunting . The mayor said they were short on manpower , materials and equipment . The lifelong resident of Tuscaloosa said the damage was unlike anything he had seen before . "  I do n't know how anyone survived , " he said . CNN 's Wayne Drash , Reynolds Wolf , Mariano Castillo , Matt Cherry and Martin Savidge contributed to this report	Survivors tell harrowing tales of the storm " Witness : "  It looked like an atomic bomb went off in a straight line " Hundreds are killed across the South , and dozens are killed in Tuscaloosa , Alabama "  It 's mind-boggling to think you walked away , " one survivor says
Starkville , Mississippi  CNN  Mitt Romney donned the plaid shirt and jeans again Wednesday to take on a familiar activity of eating local food and shaking hands , a normal day from his not so distant past -- and perhaps his near future . The 2012 GOP nominee stopped for some barbeque at The Little Dooey in Starkville less than a couple hours before changing into a suit for a speech at Mississippi State University . An older man sitting in a booth shook Romney 's hand and urged him to run for president . "  We need you up there in the White House , " he said . "  You 're very kind , " Romney replied , patting the man on the arm . "  I wish I were there right now , I got ta tell ya . " As Romney positions himself for a possible third run for president , he 's sketching out what appears to be a new platform that would be heavy on anti-poverty policies and reaching out to nontraditional voters . RELATED : Romney on minority outreach : ` Stop thinking so much about the primary ' The millionaire also has the challenge of overcoming a narrative leftover from the 2012 campaign that he was out of touch , and he 's already signaled some ways he might reveal a more authentic self if he runs , the Washington Post reported . At the restaurant , Romney teased the reporters who stood close by as he munched on his pulled pork sandwich , saying there 's "  an unwritten rule " about not taking pictures of politicians eating . But he continued to eat anyway . "  Do you still consider yourself a politician , then ? " one reporter asked , to which Romney replied : "  You 're taking my picture . What can I say ? " Another asked if this is "  the new Romney , " noting that he appeared not to care that he was eating before the cameras . "  I did n't know I had a choice , " he shot back , drawing some laughs . After Romney inched through the restaurant to meet students , sign books and take selfies , he sat down with the university 's football coach , Dan Mullen , who led the bulldogs to the Orange Bowl this year . Romney compared the leadership styles of running a business and coaching a football team . In politics , Romney argued , there 's too much emphasis on what a person says , rather than what a person does . "  It 'd be nice if people who run for office , that their leadership experience and what they 've accomplished in life would be a bigger part of what people focus on , but it 's not , " he said . "  It 's mostly what you say . " What you do , Romney continued , to argue , "  is a lot more important that what you say , " noting how a football coach 's reputation is almost entirely based on his record . "  You could be the sweetest talking person in the world , but unless you got a record , you 're in trouble , " he said . . While he does n't seem to miss the close scrutinizing that comes with running for president , Romney spent the first half of his speech later that night dishing out some 2012 nostalgia laced with self-deprecating humor . He said he received some advice from someone he met on the campaign trail to stop shaving so he can "  grow a little more stubble for a few days to look more sexy . " "  As if I needed that , " Romney said flatly , drawing a big laugh from the audience . Still , he called it "  the most remarkable " journey of his life , and mentioned ordinary people whom he calls "  heroes " that he met on the campaign trail . He specifically named two people in Iowa and New Hampshire who followed him to a hoard of campaign events , and he praised them for devoting their lives to people they believed would "  make the country better . " Romney offered no specifics about where he stands in his decision making process , but felt confident that "  the great days of America have not ended ; they 're ahead with the right kind of leadership . "	Mitt Romney met with college students at Mississippi State University in Starkville His stop at a barbeque joint was reminiscent of his 2012 campaign days on the trail
CNN  -- This might sound like a legal conundrum : A Florida jury has pronounced George Zimmerman not guilty of murdering Trayvon Martin . But a court could still hold him accountable for the death . Martin 's family so far has only commented that it wants the public to respect the Florida court 's verdict . Two options , however , are available : A civil suit , or a civil rights suit . Though they sound similar , they are very different . A civil suit allows one party to seek monetary damages against another for causing physical or emotional harm , regardless of the outcome of a criminal trial . A civil rights suit involves criminal charges for violating someone 's civil rights , which are protected under federal law . Feds are asked to act Civil suit Take what happened to O.J. Simpson 17 years ago . After a criminal court acquitted him of charges in the 1994 killing of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson , a civil court held him responsible in 1997 for her "  wrongful death . " It ordered him to pay her family more than $ 33 million in damages . Various courts then stripped Simpson of every asset they could get their hands on . Wrongful death is easier to prove than murder or manslaughter . A defendant can be held liable , even if he or she did n't intend to cause the victim 's death , according to Florida law . Simple negligence is enough , if it results in death . Did Zimmerman act negligently , when he exited his vehicle to pursue Martin on foot while carrying a gun -- although a 911 operator told him not to ? Would the 17-year-old still be alive if Zimmerman had not done so ? Those are questions a lawyer for Martin 's family would be sure to ask in a wrongful death suit . Martin 's family has so given no indication so far of wanting to pursue an additional suit . But someone else has . Trayvon 's dad : My heart is broken , my faith is not Civil rights suit The NAACP is pushing the U.S. Department of Justice to file a civil rights suit . They accuse Zimmerman of racial profiling that led to Martin 's death -- an allegation that Zimmerman , his family and his supporters have denied . Analysis : The role that race played "  The most fundamental of civil rights -- the right to life -- was violated the night George Zimmerman stalked and then took the life of Trayvon Martin , " the group said . NAACP President Benjamin Jealous told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday that remarks made by Zimmerman and people who live in his Sanford , Florida , neighborhood had sparked the group 's concern . "  When you look at  Zimmerman 's  comments , and when you look at comments made by young black men who lived in that neighborhood about how they felt especially targeted by him , there is reason to be concerned that race was a factor in why he targeted young Trayvon , " Jealous said . The NAACP leader 's allegations drew sharp criticism Sunday from Robert Zimmerman Jr. , who argued that FBI interviews have already shown that his brother is n't racist . "  I do n't think  Jealous  does anything for civil rights by perpetuating a narrative that has now been proven false . ... They 've investigated I think about three dozen of his closest friends and acquaintances . And there is not any inkling of racism . In fact , there 's evidence to show the opposite , " he said . "  I would encourage them to cool their jets , give everyone some time to kind of process what 's going on . Agitation does n't help us . It does n't do anybody any good right now . " The Rev. Jesse Jackson told CNN 's "  New Day " on Sunday that his Rainbow PUSH Coalition also wants the Justice Department to look into possible civil rights violations in the case . "  There 's a Trayvon in every town , " he said . "  That 's why the Department of Justice has a role to play , to look at this pattern , because equal protection under the law remains elusive . " The Justice Department did not respond directly to the NAACP demand . It has a separate federal investigation going on . "  Experienced federal prosecutors will determine whether the evidence reveals a prosecutable violation of any of the limited federal criminal civil rights statutes within our jurisdiction , and whether federal prosecution is appropriate in accordance with the department 's policy governing successive federal prosecution following a state trial , " it said in a Sunday statement . It 's a legal path that worked in the case of Rodney King , whom Los Angeles police officers clubbed down in 1991 after a car chase . The beating of the African-American man was caught on video and later aired on news broadcasts . When a criminal court failed to convict the white officers of police brutality , riots ensued in Los Angeles over alleged racial discrimination . The Justice Department filed a civil rights suit against the officers , alleging racial profiling , and two were convicted in 1993 as a result . A court sentenced them to 30 months in federal prison . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	NEW : The Justice Department says it has an ongoing civil rights investigation Zimmerman 's brother : "  There is not any inkling of racism " The NAACP is calling for the Justice Department to file a civil rights suit Zimmerman could be held liable for Martin 's death in a wrongful death suit
CNN  -- It was the first win in three Euro 2016 qualifying games for the mighty Die Mannschaft but another unconvincing performance by Germany against the minnows of Gibraltar Friday . The 2014 World Cup winner was expected to at least match the seven goals that both Poland and Ireland had put past Gibraltar in their last two Group D matches , but only managed four . Perhaps suffering a hangover from its Brazil triumph , defeats to Poland and a draw against the Irish , have left Germany in third place in the group . Gibraltar , who only became a full UEFA member last year and are not recognized by FIFA , have only one full-time professional in its lineup , Scott Wiseman from third-flight English side Preston . But it put on a battling performance against a near full strength team picked by Germany coach Joachim Low and deployed in an attacking 3-5-2 formation . World Cup hero Thomas Muller started the scoring and added a second , while fellow Bayern Munich star Mario Gotze was also on the score sheet before half time . The expected goal glut after the break did not materialize with the occasional jeer ringing around the stadium in Nuremberg . The fourth , and only goal of the half , came on 67 minutes when Lukas Podolski 's cross was turned into his own net by visiting defender Yogan Santos . "  I am anything but happy , the team did n't measure up the way we had wished , " Low told reporters after the win . "  We want to play like world champions , so from that perspective four goals is n't enough . " Poland still tops Group D after a fine 4-0 win in Georgia , while Germany , Ireland and Scotland are all tied on seven points , three points adrift . Scotland boosted its qualifying chances with a 1-0 win over the Irish in Glasgow , Shaun Maloney 's fine strike in the second half proving decisive at Celtic Park . Germany might have missed its chance to boost its goal difference and confidence , but at least avoided the humiliation suffered by 2004 European champion Greece . Playing at home in Athens , Greece 's dreadful start to Group F qualifying continued with a 1-0 home defeat to the tiny Faroe Islands . Under new coach Claudio Ranieri , the team which reached the last 16 of the World Cup , went down to a strike from Joan Edmundsson just after the hour mark . It leaves Greece with just one point from four games , trailing group leader Romania by nine points . Romania strengthened its position at the top with a 2-0 home win over Northern Ireland with defender Paul Papp grabbing both its late goals .	Germany beats Gibraltar 4-0 Thomas Muller scores twice for world champions Greece crashes to humiliating defeat by Faroe Islands Romania tops Group F after beating Northern Ireland
CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy caused $ 29.4 billion in damages in New Jersey , one of the hardest hit states , said Gov. Chris Christie . The preliminary estimate , which is subject to change , includes damage to personal property , businesses , infrastructure and to the state 's tourism industry . The figure also includes aid from federal sources like the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Small Business Administration . "  This preliminary number is based on the best available data , field observations and geographical mapping , and supported by expert advice from my Cabinet commissioners and an outside consulting company , " Christie said in a statement Friday . "  In a short period of time , we put together a comprehensive and responsible estimate , which may increase in the weeks ahead , and I stand ready to work with our Congressional delegation and the Obama Administration to get the funding support New Jersey expects and deserves in the aftermath of this catastrophe , " he added . Meanwhile , odd-even gas rationing ended early Saturday in New York City , a milestone as the city continues to recover from Sandy , which hit more than three weeks ago . Rationing began on November 9 to keep escalating lines and chaos at the gas stations manageable after the storm left many stations closed just as people without power needed fuel for generators . The city extended the rationing system through Thanksgiving so the lines would remain manageable during the heaviest travel days of the year . Volunteers help Sandy victims start over "  With more than 85 % of gas stations now operating -- a substantial increase from just 25 % two weeks ago -- and Thanksgiving and Black Friday behind us , the odd-even license plate system will be rescinded starting tomorrow morning , " New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced on Friday . Over Thanksgiving , the mayor 's office distributed thousands of Thanksgiving meals at 30 sites in the areas affected by Sandy . Since the storm recovery began , the city and FEMA have distributed more than 2.7 million meals , 704,260 bottles of water and 170,856 blankets , along with thousands of other supplies that are helping people survive after their belongings were washed away and destroyed in the storm , according to the mayor 's office . Despite the progress , the recovery is far from complete . More than 30,000 people remain without power in New York and New Jersey . Many of those people are also without heat . Trying to keep the family business afloat after Sandy The NYC Health Department said Friday that it will start distributing electric blankets to people who were affected by Sandy , but also urged those people to try to find a warm place with friends or relatives . "  The weather is getting colder and winter is not far off , " said Health Commissioner Dr. Thomas Farley . "  Living in cold buildings is not good for your health . If your building heat is not going to be restored very soon , look for another warm place to live until it is , " he said . The traffic pattern in and out of the city is almost restored . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Friday that signal problems that prevented some of the traffic lanes to be open at the Queens-Midtown Tunnel are fixed in time for the post-holiday rush hour commute on Monday morning . The tunnel connects the island of Manhattan to Long Island and Queens . So far , sanitation crews have collected more than 280,000 tons of trash and debris from the storm , officials said . Bloomberg has authorized $ 1.2 billion for cleanup and damage repairs to homes , public schools , public hospitals and city property . Bloomberg 's office also said that donors from around the country have contributed nearly $ 41 million toward Hurricane Sandy relief . With a handmade sign and Facebook , a city rebuilds in Sandy 's wake	NEW : The estimate includes damage to property , businesses and infrastructure NEW : It is subject to change NEW : Odd-even gas rationing ends in New York City More than 30,000 people remain without power in New York and New Jersey
CNN  -- A 26-year-old man was arraigned Tuesday on murder charges in the January strangling deaths of his girlfriend and her four small children in an Oklahoma apartment . Joshua Durcho told a friend he choked Summer Rust but said her children were elsewhere , an affidavit says . Joshua Steven Durcho is charged with five counts of first degree murder in the January deaths of Summer Rust , 25 ; her son Teagin , 4 ; and daughters Evynn , 3 , and Autumn and Kirsten , both 7 . All five bodies were found January 12 in Rust 's apartment in El Reno , Oklahoma , about 30 miles west of Oklahoma City . Authorities believe Durcho killed Rust because she threatened to call the police on him , prosecutors said in court documents released Tuesday . He knew that likely would bring about his arrest , the documents said , because two outstanding bench warrants had been issued on him after he failed to appear in court in two criminal cases -- one on charges of driving under the influence and the second on charges of unlawful possession of a controlled dangerous substance . Durcho had previously served time in prison after being convicted of unlawful possession of marijuana and "  vowed he would never go back to prison , " the court documents said . Prosecutors intend to seek the death penalty against Durcho , according to the documents , which note each victim suffered "  severe pain and anguish " as they fought for their lives while being strangled with a ligature , which could include a string , cord or wire . In addition , the documents said , evidence indicates Durcho sexually abused both the 7-year-old girls at or near the time they died . In Tuesday 's arraignment , Canadian County District Judge Edward Cunningham entered not guilty pleas on Durcho 's behalf , according to The Oklahoman newspaper . An affidavit filed in the case , written by an Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation agent , said Durcho went to the home of an acquaintance January 12 and said he had "  choked " Summer Rust -- identified in court papers as Summer Garas -- to death and was leaving Oklahoma . When the acquaintance , a women , asked Durcho about Rust 's children , he "  told her that the children were at their grandmother 's residence ... while he and Summer worked out their relationship problems , " according to the affidavit . The acquaintance then called Durcho 's mother , who drove to the apartment but received no answer at the door , the affidavit said . She asked her nephew , Durcho 's cousin , to accompany her , leading to the discovery of Rust 's body . The cousin notified police , and responding officers found the children 's bodies in the apartment . According to the court documents released Tuesday , Durcho also told the female acquaintance that he killed Rust because she threatened to call the police on him . Durcho was arrested in Hamilton County , Texas , the day after the bodies were found . He has been appointed public defenders , according to Canadian County , Oklahoma , court records , and earlier waived his right to a preliminary hearing in the case . CNN 's Ashley Broughton contributed to this report	NEW : Court papers say woman , four kids suffered "  severe pain and anguish " NEW : Two 7-year-old girls sexually assaulted before they died , documents say NEW : Threat of returning to prison motivated slayings , prosecutors say Bodies found January 12 in apartment in El Reno , Oklahoma
CNN  -- Poor pull-string Woody did n't have it this bad in "  Toy Story . " Sure , he felt pretty awful when Andy demoted him from top toy in favor of Buzz Lightyear , that way-cool spaceman who liked to shout "  To infinity , and beyond ! " But at least he did n't get thrown out of the closet . Read more : Monopoly moves to Africa with Lagos edition Tell that to the timeworn tokens of Monopoly : the shoe , top hat , wheelbarrow , clothes iron , battleship , race car , thimble and Scottie dog . One of them is being forced into exile -- taking a ride on the Reading or perhaps left to shuffle along the streets of Atlantic City , New Jersey , muttering about the glory days . Not to pass GO . Not to collect $ 200 . Rather , to go directly to jail . Hasbro , maker of the board game available in 111 countries and 43 languages , is replacing one of the tokens with one "  that 's more representative of today 's Monopoly players , " according to Eric Nyman , senior vice president for Hasbro Gaming . In a campaign replete with marketing genius and every cliche you can think of , Hasbro is encouraging fans of a special Facebook page to vote daily until February 5 for the token they want to save and for the one they want added . New choices are a diamond ring , guitar , toy robot , cat or helicopter . The game was introduced by Parker Brothers in 1935 during the heart of the Great Depression . According to Hasbro , which bought the company , more than 1 billion people have played the game in its various versions . Some tokens are long gone , among them the lantern , cannon and rocking horse . The winning token will make its debut in mid - to late 2013 . The classic token with the fewest votes will get the boot . Ironic if that turns out to be the shoe . "  Fans who would still like to play with the classic eight tokens have a limited time to pick up the existing version of the game , " said Hasbro . Comments on the "  Save Your Token " Facebook page were hot and heavy . "  Get rid of the iron and bring in the kitty , " one commenter said . "  That way the dog will have something to chase around the board . " Others pleaded for the game to be left alone . Some , including Jan Blackstock Harville , waxed nostalgic while looking ahead . "  That ugly shoe needs to go , " she wrote . "  Although I did swallow the top hat when I was 3 so we never had it ! I vote for the robot . " Wednesday night , the leaderboard of old tokens showed the Scottie to be the safest , followed by the race car . Pity the wheelbarrow . It 's looking for a miracle .	Hasbro using social media for selection of new Monopoly token People can vote once a day to keep an old token and pick a new one One of the current eight iconic pieces will go into retirement Cat , robot , diamond ring among contenders for new spot
CNN  -- A federal judge Monday approved a deal dismissing a lawsuit against celebrity chef Paula Deen . The lawsuit , filed by a former employee who leveled accusations of racism and sexual harassment , was dismissed "  with prejudice , " meaning it can not be filed again , according to a court filing . Deen 's career and public reputation went into a tailspin this summer after her deposition in the lawsuit , in which she admitted using the "  N-word " in the past , was released . In the media firestorm that followed , Deen lost lucrative endorsements and her Food Network cooking show , while the publication of her eagerly anticipated cookbook was canceled . Fans : ` We 're sticking with Paula ' U.S. District Judge William T. Moore Jr. in Savannah , Georgia , signed off on the deal , which requires both parties to pay their own court costs and attorney fees . It was not immediately clear whether there was a settlement . Earlier this month , Moore dismissed a portion of the lawsuit that contended former employee Lisa Jackson was a victim of racial discrimination . Jackson alleged that Deen and her brother , Bubba Hiers , committed numerous acts of violence , discrimination and racism that resulted in the end of her five years of employment at The Lady and Sons , and Uncle Bubba 's Oyster House -- two Savannah , Georgia , restaurants run by Deen and her family . Savannah is where Deen built her business and brand into what many consider the folksy face of Southern cooking . When news of the deal to dismiss the lawsuit first spread last week , Deen released a statement , saying she believes "  in kindness and fairness for everyone . " "  While this has been a difficult time for both my family and myself , I am pleased that the judge dismissed the race claims , and I am looking forward to getting this behind me , now that the remaining claims have been resolved , " she said . Deen 's extortionist signs plea agreement	A former employee had sued Paula Deen Deen 's career went into a tailspin after her deposition in the lawsuit In her deposition , Deen admitted using the "  N-word " Lawsuit was dismissed "  with prejudice , " meaning it can not be filed again
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- At least 10,000 marchers shut down the center of the Greek capital Wednesday to protest the latest waves of austerity measures announced by the government . The march accompanied a one-day strike in the public sector that shut down Athens International Airport , government ministries and schools . Hospitals operated on skeleton staffs , and some commuter rail services were closed . The marchers shouted slogans against the government and the threesome overseeing Greece 's $ 146 billion bailout : the European Central Bank , European Commission and International Monetary Fund . The protesters were unionized public sector workers , angry at the pay cuts they have suffered which , they say , amount to as much as 40 % of take-home pay . The best paid 100,000 public sector workers will lose another 20 % of their pay , the finance ministry recently announced . State workers are also worried about impending layoffs . Earlier this week the government announced it would retire 30,000 people in a bid to cut 300 million euros in operating costs next year . The 2012 budget , which was handed to parliament on Monday , contains a further $ 6.7 billion dollars ' worth of spending cuts . Public sector unions fear that many of those savings will come from layoffs . The latest cuts are a bid by the Greek government to qualify for the sixth installment of its bailout plan , worth some $ 10.6 billion . Without the money , the government can only pay salaries and pensions until mid-November . Greece 's finance minister on Sunday told the cabinet that the country would fall short of its deficit target this year by $ 2 billion . The reason , he said , is that the economy has shrunk by 5.5 % , far more than the 3.8 % originally forecast . "  We are forced to take decisions much faster than we would wish , " Prime Minister George Papandreou told the cabinet . Greece 's deficit this year will be 18.69 billion euros  $ 24.9 billion  , or 8.5 % of GDP , as opposed to the originally forecast 17.1 billion euros  $ 22.77 billion  or 7.8 % . The government will aim to achieve a 2012 deficit of 14.65 billion euro  $ 19.51 billion  or 6.8 % of GDP , by combining 2011 and 2012 goals . Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos believes this will give Greece a primary surplus next year of 3.2 billion euros  $ 4.2 billion  . The government 's cashflow problems are disrupting education . The school year began on September 12 , but the education ministry was embarrassed to admit that it still had n't printed textbooks . Those are still being run off the presses and the ministry expects to have delivered all of them by the end of October . In the meantime , angry high school students staged sit-ins at their schools . On Tuesday , 540 of the country 's 11,000 high schools were shut down as a result . Wednesday 's marchers included many of those students .	March accompanies one-day strike that shuts down Athens International Airport , schools Public workers say they 've lost 40 % of take-home pay Greece 's finance minister says country will miss deficit target by $ 2 billion this year The school year began without textbooks
Rome  CNN  -- Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi began a year of community service for his conviction on tax fraud charges on Friday when he showed up at a senior center near his hometown , Milan . The 77-year old billionaire tycoon must visit the center for the elderly at least once a week for a minimum four hours . The community service order is in lieu of house arrest . The former premier is expected to work with 20 residents with Alzheimer 's disease in the home , run by the Sacred Family Foundation , Fondazione Sacra Famiglia , in Cesano Boscone outside Milan . Upon Berlusconi 's arrival at the center , a member of a health care workers ' trade union , Pippo Fiorito , staged a small protest against his presence . "  His place is in a jail , not here , " Fiorito said . Berlusconi gave no comment as he entered the building . His security guards were left outside . The center 's director has barred all staff and residents from taking or distributing photos or video of Berlusconi inside the building , in accordance with its privacy rules . Berlusconi , who served on and off as prime minister between 1994 and 2011 , has dominated the lively Italian political scene for the past two decades . He was handed a four-year sentence last August -- commuted to a year -- for tax fraud at Mediaset , the large commercial broadcaster that Berlusconi founded . He has also been barred from holding public office for two years and was expelled from the Italian Senate in the fall . Last month , a Milan court ruled that Berlusconi could be assigned to social work at the elderly center as an alternative to house arrest . He also faces restrictions on his movements within Italy . Berlusconi continues to protest his innocence and says he has been persecuted by leftist magistrates . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	Silvio Berlusconi is carrying out community service at a center for the elderly for a year The 77-year-old tycoon is expected to work with 20 elderly residents with Alzheimer 's The former Prime Minister was convicted last year of tax fraud
New York  CNN  -- The U.S. soldier accused of killing 16 Afghan civilians engaged in fraud during his career as a financial adviser and skipped out on paying nearly $ 1.5 million to an elderly client , according to financial records . Before joining the military in late 2001 , U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales was accused of multiple instances of securities fraud . That includes a May 2000 complaint alleging Bales bilked over $ 600,000 from an elderly Ohio couple 's retirement fund , according to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority , an independent securities regulator . "  We were taken advantage of , " said Gary Liebschner , a former client of Bales . "  He took an awful lot of money from us that he turned into commissions for himself . " Liebschner said when photos first began to surface of Bales , he did n't recognize him . But when he saw a high school photo of Bales , he realized the suspect in the Afghanistan killings was his former broker . Bales served as Liebschner 's financial adviser and stockbroker from mid-1998 to late 1999 and defrauded the Ohio senior citizen out of at least $ 637,000 , according to FINRA records . "  He did n't pay any of what was owed to us , " said Liebschner . " -LSB- Bales ' -RSB- financial problems have nothing to do with this , PERIOD , " said John Henry Browne , Bales ' attorney , in an e-mail response to a request for comment about the securities complaints . The arbitration conducted by FINRA in 2003 found Bales jointly responsible for paying Liebschner $ 1,490,875 in damages and legal fees , excluding interest , according to the securities regulator 's records . Bales did not appear at the dispute resolution hearing , and Ohio and FINRA records indicate he never paid any of the amount for which he was found liable . Michael Patterson Inc. , the now-shuttered firm that employed Bales , and the firm 's founder , Michael Patterson , were also found responsible for paying the award . Both the firm and Patterson never paid any of the restitution either , according to Liebschner . Michael Patterson Inc. was barred from dealing securities in Ohio , according to the state 's Commerce Department . Multiple voice messages left by CNN for Michael Patterson were not returned . The Securities Investor Protection Corporation , a federally mandated corporation , did award Liebschner a small amount of reparations , he said . SIPC could not disclose any settlement details . "  We were able to get a few thousand dollars from SIPC , nowhere near the arbitration award , " said Liebschner . "  Not even close . " Liebschner , a lifelong epileptic , was admitted to Ohio State University Hospital in November 1998 for seizures and remained bedridden for six months after his liver failed . It was during that time Liebschner believes Bales swindled him . "  He took advantage of the fact that I was in the hospital , said Liebschner . "  I did n't feel I was a dummy . I have two master 's degrees . But at the time I could n't walk , talk , or swallow . " Liebschner said that by the time he returned from the hospital , mail containing the status of his individual retirement account had piled up in a cardboard box his wife , Janet , had set aside . After opening the letters , Liebschner discovered that Bales had sold off his AT&T and Lucent shares , trading them for penny stocks . His account had been reduced to $ 30,000 from roughly $ 1 million , Liebschner said . "  He traded away my AT&T shares , probably worth about $ 75 a share , that I had saved up since the early '60s , " said Liebschner , a former AT&T employee . The Ohio couple was never able to locate Bales after filing their formal complaint against him , making it very difficult to take him to court . Leibschner said his attorney at the time , Earle R. Frost Jr. , advised him not to press forward with a criminal case . "  We heard he was in the Bahamas and Florida , and I think he was in a couple different cities here in Ohio , " Liebschner said . "  He seemed pretty good at the start , but he was pretty flashy , too -- a bit arrogant . He led on like he was a big dealer , and could do just about anything that you wanted him to do . " According to regulatory records , Bales moved around between several different brokerages during his five years as a securities broker , never settling in for long at any of them . Three years after the Liebschners ' complaint was filed , a FINRA arbitrator found that Bales engaged in fraud , breach of fiduciary duty , unauthorized trading , unsuitable investments and churning . The latter occurs when a broker engages in excessive trading of securities in a customer 's account primarily to generate commissions that only benefit the broker . He was ordered to pay Liebschner $ 637,000 as compensatory damages plus interest and another $ 637,000 in punitive damages . The arbitrator also found Bales and the company responsible for paying $ 216,500 in attorneys ' fees and a filing fee . FINRA , which was formerly the National Association of Securities Dealers , is a private , nongovernmental securities regulator . The U.S. government 's regulatory arm is the Securities and Exchange Commission . Under FINRA rules , the securities regulator can suspend or cancel the registration of a broker or brokerage firm if that party does not comply with an arbitration award . FINRA does not take any further action to recover awards . FINRA would not disclose whether Bales ' broker license was suspended , but Bales was last registered with FINRA in December of 2000 , seven months after the Liebschner dispute was filed . He never returned to trading securities , according to FINRA records . A separate complaint of unauthorized bond trading was filed against Bales by an Ohio woman on June 9 , 2000 , according to an Ohio Commerce Department report . In the report , Bales claims the illegal trading occurred after he left Michael Patterson Inc. . "  I would n't have expected him to do that , " said Liebschner when asked about the recent murder allegations . "  But he is not a good person , in my opinion . "	Robert Bales never paid any of a $ 1.5 million award to the Ohio couple he defrauded Former client Gary Liebschner : "  He is not a good person , in my opinion " Arbitrator found Bales engaged in fraud , breach of fiduciary duty , unauthorized trading Bales attorney : " -LSB- My client 's -RSB- financial problems have nothing to do with this , PERIOD "
CNN  -- President Obama on Thursday called on business leaders from the private sector to generate ideas that will "  accelerate job creation " and stimulate investment in the United States . "  While I believe that government has a critical role in creating the conditions for economic growth , ultimately , true economic recovery is only going to come from the private sector , " Obama told attendees of the at the White House Forum on Jobs and Economic Growth . More than 100 CEOs , small-business owners , business leaders , mayors and academics attended . "  We do n't have enough public dollars to fill the hole of private dollars that was created as a consequence of the crisis . It is only when the private sector starts to reinvest again ; only when our businesses start hiring again and people start spending again and families start seeing improvement in their own lives again , that we 're going to have the kind of economy that we want , " Obama said . The summit took place amid allegations from members of Obama 's own party that the White House and the Democratic congressional leadership are not doing enough to help the unemployed . Critics called the summit nothing more than a publicity stunt , and some are threatening to organize a march on Washington of jobless Americans if efforts to get more aid fail . "  Obviously , there 's something that 's not getting through to them , " said Rep. Bobby Rush , D-Illinois . "  We 'll get the American people involved . You know , I can see a day , unless we get some real cooperation and real help , I can really see a day where there will be a jobless march on Washington . " Rush and Reps. Marcy Kaptur , D-Ohio , and Candice Miller , R-Michigan , chair the new congressional Jobs Now Caucus , which is made up of 112 Democrats and 17 Republicans . Proposals being floated by members of the caucus include redirecting stimulus and TARP money to jobs programs and pressing for a new jobs bill , which they 're careful not to call a "  stimulus . " The summit also fell on the eve of the release of the government 's November unemployment report . The nation is expected to have lost another 114,000 jobs , with unemployment remaining at 10.2 percent , the highest in 26 years , according to a survey by economists . Yet Obama projected a positive tone as he recounted some of the day 's discussions , on topics from clean energy and tax incentives to the export market , and the overlap among them . "  When we were in the infrastructure session , there was a strong emphasis on needing to plan not just for existing road projects , but also , how do we think about the fact that , in the future , we need a cleaner transportation industry ? " he said . "  When we were in the clean energy session , there was an emphasis on how do we get small businesses and small contractors to get certified and get the financing needed to move forward and take advantage of these clean energy sector opportunities , " he said . "  There 's a lot of overlap between all these different breakout sessions that we engaged in , " he said . "  We 're going to have to figure out how to break out of these silos and integrate these strategies if we 're going to be able to get the most bang for the buck . " Coinciding with the jobs forum , organized labor and religious leaders in several cities sponsored events featuring unemployed and underemployed people to raise the public profile of the issue . Events were held in Dayton , Ohio ; Columbus , Ohio ; and Sacramento , California , on Wednesday , and in Albuquerque , New Mexico ; Minneapolis , Minnesota ; and Toledo , Ohio , on Thursday . CNN 's Jessica Yellin and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	"  True economic recovery is only going to come from the private sector , " says Obama Forum attendees include CEOs , small-business owners , mayors , academics Summit occurs amid allegations that White House is not doing enough to help unemployed Critics call summit a publicity stunt , some threaten to organize march on Washington
CNN  -- At least eight people were killed and 10 wounded when a car bomb exploded Friday outside a mosque in the northern Syria city of Binnish , according to the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Worshippers were leaving the al-Kabeer mosque in the Idlib province city after attending Friday prayers when the bomb went off , the group said . A YouTube video of the aftermath shows a blown-up car and dark smoke coming from the building . The video was posted by the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . CNN can not independently verify the content of the video . Well over 100,000 people , including many civilians , have died in Syria 's three-year civil war , the United Nations has said . That includes at least 26 killed Friday , according to the Local Coordination Committees . So far , all attempts to stop the fighting between government forces and rebels seeking President Bashar al-Assad 's ouster have failed . The United Nations on Friday condemned armed groups for cutting off water supplies to the city of Aleppo recently , an action that left 2.5 million people without water . The water supply has since been restored , but in the statement , the U.N. urged all parties in the civil war to ensure water supply to civilians , calling access to safe water a "  fundamental human right . " CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this story	A car bomb kills 8 , according to opposition officials It went off outside a mosque in Idlib as people were leaving Friday prayers Well over 100,000 people have died in three-year civil war U.N. condemns water cutoffs in Aleppo
CNN  -- Spain remain on course to retain their European Championship crown after seeing off a lackluster France 2-0 in the third Euro 2012 quarterfinal at the Donbass Arena , Donetsk on Saturday . Xabi Alonso celebrated his 100th appearance for his country with two goals in either half to seal a convincing win for the world champions . "  There 's a lot of personal satisfaction in getting to 100 caps and of course getting on the scoresheet , " Alonso said . "  We are now in the semis and of course all the games at this stage are life and death . We did n't have that many chances but we had the match totally under control , " he added . Victory over France sets up a showdown with arch rivals Portugal next Wednesday . Germany crush Greece Euro dream With coach Vicente Del Bosque once again opting to pack the midfield and leave striker Fernando Torres on the bench , Spain quickly assumed control of the game . It fell to Andres Iniesta to unlock the opposition defense in the 19th minute . Barcelona 's midfield maestro threaded a pass through to Jordi Alba who jinked past a flailing Mathieu Debuchy before squaring a cross which Alonso headed home with power and accuracy . For the remainder of the half , France offered little in reply . Franck Ribery 's industry down the left came to nothing . Yohan Cabaye 's 31st minute free kick was turned over the bar by Iker Casillas and Karim Bezema 's shooting remained frustratingly errant . Spain resumed the second half where they finished the first -- controlling the game at a canter with France chasing the game . Debuchy went close with a header in the 60th minute , but France could n't capitalize on the few openings they created in the second period . Coach Laurent Blanc sent on substitute 's Samir Nasri , Jeremy Menez and Olivier Giroud but it failed to turn the tide in favor of the three-time European champions . Anthony Reveillere 's foul on substitute Pedro in the 90th minute handed Spain a late penalty and a chance to put the result beyond doubt . Alonso stepped up to take the spot kick , sent goalkeeper Hugo Lloris the wrong way and keep Spain marching on in their bid to land a third consecutive major trophy .	Xabi Alonso scores a brace as Spain beat France 2-0 in Donetsk in Euro 2012 quarterfinal Goals in either half capped a memorable night for the midfielder who celebrated his 100th appearance in style Spain now face Portugal in Wednesday 's semifinal
CNN  -- Since March 11 , the six reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant have been in various states of disrepair after being battered by a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami . Here is the latest on the status of each reactor and what was being done to prevent further emissions of radioactive material : Reactor No. 1 The "  vapor " rising near the No. 1 reactor at the plant is "  only natural " and not a cause for alarm , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said Thursday , especially since water is now in that unit 's nuclear spent fuel pool . The temperature at the No. 1 reactor "  right now is going down , " he added . Light was restored Thursday in the No. 1 reactor 's central control room , a Tokyo Electric Power Co. official told CNN . But it was just a partial restoration , as workers continued to try to get electricity going for control panels and cooling system pumps at the reactor . Hidehiko Nishiyama , an official with Japan 's nuclear and industrial safety agency , said that the hope is to begin cooling the unit 's spent fuel pool -- which is thought to be fully or partially exposed -- on Friday using outside power . According to the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum , a nuclear industry group basing its data on official government and utility information , the No. 1 unit 's reactor core has been damaged , but its containment vessel was not . As of Thursday , the unit 's cooling systems were still not operational , with seawater being pumped into the reactor . Still , the building itself was "  severely damaged " by an earlier hydrogen explosion . There were concerns Thursday , according to the trade group , that pressure in the reactor was rising . Reactor No. 2 Nishiyama on Thursday described the No. 2 unit as "  quite stable . " But he did note -- but did not explain -- that there had been "  high radiation readings " nearby . Seawater continues to be pumped in an effort to cool down nuclear fuel rods and prevent the further emission of radioactive material into the atmosphere . Damage is "  suspected " in this unit 's containment vessel -- the only such vessel so compromised , according to the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum . The reactor 's core is also thought to be damaged . But the building itself has only been "  slightly damaged , " the same group reports . With the cooling system still not working , seawater has been injected into both the unit 's reactor and its spent nuclear fuel pool . Like units Nos. 1 and 3 , the reactor 's fuel rods are thought to be fully or partially exposed , leaving them susceptible to overheating and subsequent emissions of radioactive material into the air . Reactor No. 3 By 10 a.m. Thursday , black smoke spotted a day earlier rising from the No. 3 reactor had stopped , according to Nishiyama . He said the cause of the smoke remains unknown , speculating it may have come from burning oil or machinery nearby . Edano announced Thursday that , the previous day , three workers were exposed to more than 170 millisieverts of radiation while laying cable in the No. 3 reactor 's turbine building . Two of them were hospitalized . By Thursday , work had resumed at that reactor . Beginning shortly after 5:30 a.m. , about 500 tons of seawater began being injected into it , Nishiyama said . Authorities intend to eventually switch to adding fresh water , he said , without providing an explanation as to why or a timetable . In addition , firefighters from Tokyo and Yokohoma cities are preparing to spray another 500 tons of water toward that reactor 's nuclear spent fuel pool , which Nishiyama said could happen Thursday or Friday . These pools contain fuel rods that , if not cooled down , can overheat and , in the process , release radioactive vapors into the air . The building of the No. 3 reactor was "  severely damaged " after an explosion caused by the buildup of hydrogen gas , reports the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum . Its core reactor is also damaged , its fuel rods are either partly or fully exposed . As to its nuclear spent fuel pool , reports are that the pool itself was "  possibly damaged , " and the water level has been low -- a reason for the repeated spraying . On the positive side , the No. 3 unit 's containment vessel is not damaged , according to the nuclear trade group . Reactor No. 4 Members of Japan 's self-defense forces on Thursday doused the nuclear spent fuel pool at the No. 4 reactor . Nishiyama estimated that this effort should wrap up Friday . Along with the Nos. 5 and 6 units , the No. 4 was offline on a scheduled outage when the earthquake hit , and as a result the reactor 's water level and pressure are continued safe . But its nuclear spent fuel pool was "  possibly damaged , " which is why authorities have said its water levels are low and why they 've made repeated efforts to fill it up with seawater . Reactor No. 5 The No. 5 unit appears safe , for now , Nishiyama said . Workers were trying Thursday to repair the unit 's cooling system , which gave out the previous day . The temperatures in the unit remained relatively low , though authorities acknowledged that they could rise again if the cooling system is n't fixed soon . As with units Nos. 4 and 6 , this reactor was off on a scheduled outage when the quake hit and there are no major issues with the reactor and core itself . The nuclear spent fuel pool is thought to be functioning , aside from continued concerns about powering its cooling system to ensure that the fuel rods contained within remain cool . Reactor No. 6 The No. 6 unit appears safe , for now , Nishiyama said . Workers were trying Thursday to repair the unit 's cooling system , which gave out the previous day . The temperatures in the unit remained relatively low , though authorities acknowledged that they could rise again if the cooling system is n't fixed soon . The No. 6 reactor was offline when the tsunami struck , and there are no major concerns about the structure or safety of its core or containment vessel . The nuclear spent fuel pool is thought to be functioning , aside from continued concerns about powering its cooling system to ensure that the fuel rods contained within remain cool . This reactor was off on a scheduled outage when the quake hit and there are no major issues with the reactor and core itself . The nuclear spent fuel pool is thought to be functioning , aside from continued concerns about powering its cooling system to ensure that the fuel rods contained within remain cool .	Government officials note progress Thursday in efforts at the Fukushima Daiichi facility Major issues remain , especially at reactors Nos. 1 , 2 , 3 and 4
Mashable  -- Google Editions , the Internet giant 's book store business promised for last summer , is set to launch before the end of 2010 , the Wall Street Journal reports . Google Editions will have a significantly different sales model from most competitors , such as Amazon 's Kindle store or Apple 's iBookStore . Instead of purchasing books through a single online store , Google will let users buy them either from Google or from independent bookstores and then tie them to a Google account , which will enable them to read the books anywhere and on any device they please . Originally , Google Editions was supposed to launch even earlier in 2010 , but that did n't happen ; in May , Google 's Manager for Strategic Partner Development Chris Palma said the launch is slated for June or July 2010 . Now , Google product management director Scott Dougall claims everything is set for a launch by the end of 2010 in the U.S. and in the first quarter of 2011 internationally . "  Because of the complexity of this project , we did n't want to come out with something that was n't thorough , " said Dougall . Google 's partners for the launch , as well as the revenue share Google will offer to publishers and independent bookstores are unknown at this point . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Wall Street Journal reports Google Editions set to launch before end of 2010 Google Editions has significantly different sales model from most competitors Project was supposed to launch even earlier in 2010 Manager : We did n't want to come out with something that was n't thorough
CNN  Former male model Elo used to make a living from his good looks . But after modeling for 10 years the self-confessed car nut had earned enough money to indulge his passion . He started by buying several cars , as well as customizing them for clients across the world , and in 2001 he founded the London Motor Museum . Today is has nearly 250 automobiles . "  When I was modeling , the best part of my modeling career was  that  I was expressing what my client wanted me to do , " he says . "  I still express what  clients  want me to express , but this time in a three-dimensional form with an engine and an exhaust and some wheels . And that is ultimate satisfaction . " During his fashion model days , Elo owned seven cars and would drive a different one each day of the week . What started as a passion gradually demanded more and more of his time , and after a while Elo felt that he came to a crossroads . "  I had to weigh between continuing modeling or stopping modeling to just do cars . So I chose the latter , " he says . "  My friends told me ` You 're absolutely crazy , look at all these beautiful women , look at all this traveling around the world . ' And I 'm like ` Are you out of your mind ? Look at that beautiful steel ! ' That 's the best . " Today , the car-lover 's collection includes gems such as the 1937 Lincoln Zephyr , and a low-riding customized Cadillac which used to belong to Snoop Dogg -- the so-called "  Snoop de Ville " . But what gives Elo the most satisfaction is something less material : the feeling of freedom . "  When I drive a car , I feel like I am leaving all my worries behind , and it 's just staying behind whilst I 'm going forward , " he says .	Elo used to be a successful male model In 2001 he founded the London Motor Museum which today has over 200 cars Elo also customizes cars for clients across the world
CNN  -- A new judge was tapped Thursday to preside over the case of George Zimmerman after the original judge was forced to step down . Seminole County Circuit Judge Kenneth Lester will be replaced by Judge Debra Nelson , who was appointed to the bench in 1999 . The move came one day after a Florida appeals court granted Zimmerman 's request for a new judge , saying the original judge 's remarks put Zimmerman in reasonable fear of an unfair trial . Zimmerman , 28 , is charged with second-degree murder in the February 26 shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin . His attorneys wanted Lester removed , saying language he used in a bail order disparaged their client 's character and held over his head the threat of future criminal proceedings . The Fifth District Court of Appeal agreed , and Lester was forced to disqualify himself . Lester revoked Zimmerman 's original $ 150,000 bond after learning Zimmerman and his wife , Shellie , failed to disclose more than $ 100,000 in donations from the public . The judge then set a new bail of $ 1 million in July , and it was the language in that bail order that Zimmerman and his lawyers took issue with . The court agreed with Zimmerman 's attorneys that Lester "  made gratuitous , disparaging remarks about Mr. Zimmerman 's character ; advocated for Mr. Zimmerman to be prosecuted for additional crimes ; offered a personal opinion about the evidence for the prosecution ; continued to hold over Mr. Zimmerman 's head the threat of future contempt proceedings , and ultimately set a bond at $ 1,000,000 . " The appeals court also agreed that Lester 's remarks "  created reasonable fear in Mr. Zimmerman that the court is biased against him , and , as a result of this prejudice can not receive a fair and impartial trial or hearing by the trial court . " In his July bail order , Lester wrote that "  under any defnition , the defendant has flouted the system " and "  tried to manipulate the system when he has been presented the opportunity to do so . " Lester also wrote that it was his "  personal opinion " that Zimmerman intentionally gave false or misleading information in his bail application -- which is a felony -- and he suggested the possibility of future contempt proceedings . "  Holding this over Mr. Zimmerman creates a horrible chilling effect on this case , on the defense presentation , and cements Mr. Zimmerman 's fear that he will not get a fair trial from the trial court , " the appeals court wrote . Zimmerman is free after posting the $ 1 million bond . The former neighborhood watch captain has pleaded not guilty to the charges and said he shot the 17-year-old Martin in self-defense after Martin attacked him . Martin , who was unarmed , was walking through a gated neighborhood in Sanford , Florida , to his father 's girlfriend 's house when he was killed . Florida prosecutors mistakenly release confidential Zimmerman case documents	Seminole County Circuit Judge Kenneth Lester steps down Judge Debra Nelson is assigned to take his place An appeals court had granted George Zimmerman 's request for a new judge Zimmerman 's lawyers say Lester disparaged their client
CNN  -- He may have fallen at the first hurdle at the All England Club last year , but Rafael Nadal managed to avoid another shock first-round defeat 12 months on . The Spaniard crashed out to Steve Darcis in 2013 -- his first ever opening-round loss at a grand slam -- yet was able to see off Slovakia 's Martin Klizan 4-6 6-3 6-3 6-3 this time around , despite an early scare on Centre Court . The World No. 1 came into the competition in good form having claimed a ninth French Open championship just a few weeks ago , yet the Spaniard found himself one set down after Klizan , ranked 51st in the world , managed to break to take a 5-4 lead in the opener . That early sting , however , seemed to awaken Nadal from his slumber as the tournament 's second seed began to find his rhythm and went on to claim three straight sets to wrap up the victory . "  For me , always emotions are so high when I 'm able to play on this Centre Court , " Nadal told reporters afterwards . "  It 's a magic place and unbelievable memories from this court so I 'm very happy to be able to play on it again and for sure go out with a victory . " The win for Nadal , who is now just three Grand Slam titles off Roger Federer 's record haul of 17 after his latest success at Roland Garros , sets up a second-round tie against Lukas Rosol . Nadal will need no reminding that the Czech player dumped him out of the tournament at the same stage two years ago . "  Rosol is a very dangerous player , very strong , very powerful shots from the baseline and I know I have to play very well if I want to have chances to win , " Nadal said . "  The important thing is to fight , play with the right tactic and wait for the luck . " Seven-time champion Roger Federer began his 2014 campaign with a straight-sets victory over Paolo Lorenzi on Court No. 1 . The World No. 4 , whose last grand slam win was at Wimbledon in 2012 , raced to a 6-1 6-1 6-3 win and was always in control of a match that lasted one hour and 33 minutes . Fifth seed Stanislas Wawrinka booked his spot in the second round with a victory over Joao Sousa . The Australian Open champion looked comfortable as he saw off his Portuguese opponent in straight sets with a 6-3 6-4 6-3 win and will next face Yen-Hsun Lu . Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , meanwhile , wrapped things up in extremely quick fashion against Jurgen Melzer after their match was suspended on Monday evening due to bad light . Needing to claim just a game to advance to the second round with the scores at 6-1 3-6 3-6 6-2 , the 14th seed racked up four straight points off his serve to win the final set 6-4 . Jerzy Janowicz , last year 's Wimbledon semifinalist , set up a second-round clash with Leyton Hewitt after beating Somdev Devvarman in a five-set thriller . After losing the first set , the 15th seed hit back and was eventually taken into a decider by Devvarman , to which he held his nerve to run out a 4-6 6-3 6-3 3-6 6-3 winner . Former champion Hewitt advanced after defeating Michal Przysiezny 6-2 6-7 6-1 6-4 . Japan 's Kei Nishikori overcame his first hurdle of the competition in Kenny De Schepper of France with a straight-sets victory . The 10th seed was made to work , however , and had to edge a tiebreak 7-5 in the second set en route to a 6-4 7-6 7-5 win . His reward is a second-round tie against American Denis Kudla . Sharapova and Serena advance The women 's competition also resumed Tuesday as Maria Sharapova , fresh from success at the French Open earlier this month , took just 58 minutes to book her place in the second round . The fifth seed dropped just one game as she saw off Samantha Murray of Great Britain 6-1 6-0 to set up a tie against Timea Bacsinszky for a place in round three . Serena Williams also made untroubled progress into the second round coasting past compatriot Anna Tatishvili in straight sets 6-1 6-2 . Top seed Williams is seeking a sixth Wimbledon singles crown and an 18th grand slam singles title overall . "  The reaction from the crowd has been great , " Williams told reporters after the match . "  I love playing at Wimbledon . You dream of playing here when you 're really young . "  To still be playing here is a great honor for me . Every time I step out on that court , it makes me want to keep coming back for years and years . " Sabine Lisicki , who beat Williams in the fourth round last year , also got her campaign off to a winning start as she saw off Israel 's Julia Glushko winning 6-2 6-1 . The 19th seed will be hoping to go one better at Wimbledon this time around after losing to France 's Marion Bartoli in the 2013 final , will next play Karolina Pliskova . Agnieszka Radwanska was equally efficient in her dispensing of Andreea Mitu as she also dropped only three games on the way to a first-round win . The fourth seed raced to a 6-2 6-1 defeat of Romanian Mitu to set up a second-round tie against Casey Dellacqua . Radwanska 's younger sister Urszula wo n't be taking any further part though after going down in straight sets 6-2 6-4 to ninth seed Angelique Kerber from Germany . Caroline Wozniacki is also safely through to the next round after knocking out Shahar Peer . The 16th seed , who has never made it past the fourth round of the competition , will meet Naomi Broady of Great Britain in the next stage after defeating Peer 6-3 6-0 . There was disappointment for Sara Errani , however , as the 14th seed was forced to pack her bags early after suffering a three-set defeat at the hands of Caroline Garcia . Despite losing the first set , Garcia fought back with a 2-6 7-6 7-5 win to set up a meet with Varvara Lepchenko next time out .	Rafael Nadal begins his 2014 Wimbledon campaign with a win The World No. 1 sees off Martin Klizan with a 4-6 6-3 6-3 6-3 victory Roger Federer also advances to the second round after beating Paolo Lorenzi 6-1 6-1 6-3 Maria Sharapova and Serena Williams safely through to second round
New York  CNN  -- The son of a founder of the Palestinian militant group , Hamas , Tuesday told CNN that he was a spy for Israel . For 10 years , Mosab Yousef said he gathered information about Hamas terrorist plots and fed them to Israel 's domestic security service Shin Bet . Yousef , in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , said he did it because he came to believe that Hamas was practicing "  exceptional cruelty " against its members and "  killed people for no reason . " He has now written a book , "  Son of Hamas " detailing his exploits from his new base in the United States where he has lived since 2007 . CNN could not independently confirm his story and Israel has refused to comment . In the Israeli newspaper Haaretz , a former Israeli handler said of Yousef : "  One insight of his was worth 1,000 hours of thought by top experts . " Yousef told CNN : "  They offered me to work for them . My goal was to be a double agent and attack them from the inside . " But then his views changed . Watch the full interview here "  After I was tortured by Shin Bet I was transferred to prison -LSB- where -RSB- Hamas tortured Hamas members and I became confused who was really my enemy ... I accepted to meet Shin Bet . " Yousef said he agreed to spy on Hamas and that his decision was partly a moral one . "  My people did not understand this . Shin Bet is committed to a constitution but Hamas targets civilians . There 's a difference between targeting a terrorist and civilians . " He said that in part his transformation was due to spiritual reasons . "  Later on , I became a Christian , during that time , the first few months , and I was convinced by the principle of loving your enemies . And I saw that my enemy , who I thought that they were my enemies , they had morality , they had their responsibilities more than my own people . " He added : "  As a Shin Bet agent , when I had information I helped arrest people , otherwise they hit randomly . When I specified a particular person I had a condition - not to kill that person ... "  In 10 years working for Shin Bet I am not responsible for killing one terrorist . I care about my people , my problem was their -LSB- Hamas ' -RSB- ideology . His father , Sheikh Yousef , is serving time in an Israeli prison . He recently wrote a letter from jail saying that the whole family "  inclusively and exhaustively denounce our eldest son . " An attorney for the elder Yousef obtained a statement last week from the father saying Hamas knew of his son 's contact with Israeli intelligence and adding that he "  was not on any day an active member in the ranks of Hamas . " Asked if he feels in danger because of what he 's done , Yousef says he is not afraid . "  Death is not the worst thing that can happen to a human being , physical death . The worst , spiritual and soul death . This is what really scares me . " The Israeli government , including Shin Bet , has not offered CNN official comment , and his family has broadly denied his story . But an intelligence source told Amanpour that the core claims are true , this is a "  modus operandi of how Israeli agents work , " to penetrate the opposite side , to try to get as much information as possible . But the source added some of the high profile claims of thwarting terrorism or helping with high-level captures are "  gross exaggerations . "	The son of a Hamas leader says he spied for Israel for 10 years Mosab Yousef told CNN he saved Palestinian and Israeli lives He said : I care about my people , my problem was their ideology Israel has not commented in his story
A father in Daytona Beach , Florida , called 911 early Friday morning to report that when he found someone sexually abusing his 11-year-old son , he beat the assailant until he was "  nice and knocked out " for police to apprehend . So far , the father is not facing any charges . CNN affiliate CFN 13 asked Daytona Beach Police Chief Michael Chitwood whether he had any issue with the father 's reaction Friday . Chitwood responded , "  Not as a police chief and not as a father . " The father 's identity and that of his son were not released to protect the identity of the minor as an alleged sexual abuse victim . The father , who sounds collected but enraged during the 911 call , told Volusia County emergency dispatch that 18-year-old Raymond Frolander was close to the family and was in the apartment while the father was out . The father says that when he got home , the look on Frolander 's face made him think something was wrong . The father says Frolander 's pants fell down to his ankles "  and nothing else needed to be said " when he saw exposed genitals . According to the charging affivadit , the 11-year-old victim told authorities that Frolander had performed oral sex on him and instructed the boy to fondle him . The document says the boy told authorities that Frolander began abusing him a few years ago . It also says Frolander told police , "  I 'm guilty . " When the 911 dispatcher asked the father whether he used weapons to knock out Frolander , the father told the dispatcher , "  my fist and my foot . " The father explained that Frolander was breathing , but not speaking , "  in a puddle of blood " on the floor "  and I loved him up until 15 minutes ago . " At times , the dad is heard talking to the suspect , at one point saying , "  You are damn lucky , boy , that I love my God . " When Daytona Beach police officers arrived , according to the charging affidavit , they saw Frolander "  laying motionless on the living room floor with several knots on his face and bleeding from his mouth . " He was treated and released from a hospital before he was questioned . Frolander faces a charge of sexual battery of a child and was in the Volusia County Jail late Friday . He had no bond . CNN could not determine whether he had an attorney . Chitwood said that the 18-year-old was like a family member to the boy , "  and the father acted as a father should act . " Chitwood told CFN 13 that it 's not unusual for young victims to be afraid to report sexual abuse because they feel threatened or fear that they will get in trouble .	A man in Daytona Beach , Florida , said he caught someone sexually abusing his son He said he beat the assailant until he was "  nice and knocked out " The dad then called 911 ; police arrest 18-year-old Raymond Frolander Police chief says he does n't have an issue with how the father responded
CNN  -- "  Hippie , " says Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros frontman Alex Ebert . "  It 's largely a pejorative sort of term . " That may sound odd coming from the hirsute leader of a 12-piece collective that has a history of traveling in a renovated school bus . But while Ebert and accordionist-vocalist Nora Kirkpatrick seem slightly perturbed by the choice of words , Ebert 's response indicates he does n't feel too slighted . "  When one says ` hippie , ' and then they reference things like ` communal ' and all of those sort of bands from a very hopeful era , actually , where everything felt like it was on the precipice of something sort of infinite , and possible , I think that , in that sense , the word ` hippie ' would apply . " Ebert says . These are hopeful days where anything is possible for the band . The Zeros ' second album "  Here , " hit No. 5 on the Billboard 200 chart , and peaked atop Billboard 's Independent and Folk album charts . Besides one gig in August , the band is taking a break from touring until September 6 . But people who want to see what it 's like on the road with the Zeros can check out the new DVD "  Big Easy Express , " which documents their April 2011 tour from Oakland , California , to New Orleans by vintage train , along with Old Crow Medicine Show and Mumford & Sons . Ebert says that from the band 's beginning , he told its manager he 'd like to perform at unconventional venues . "  Where I was at , at the time , was just a feeling of having really done the sort of cookie cutter sort of thing , and wanting to just completely abandon that for parking lots and parks and communal areas , and make the experience sort of loose , and sort of a free-for-all of joy , " Ebert says . "  I think when you do things that are just slightly out of the norm , it not only affects your experience of what just happened -- of the event -- but affects the way you view the possibilities of your own actions going forward in your life . " "  Like , to me , the railroad tour that we did with Old Crow and with Mumford and Sons was a culmination of all of the sort of childhood sort of ideals of being with a crew -- with a band of sort of brothers and sisters , and all playing music together , on a train going who knows where . " That freewheeling feeling permeates the band 's music , and its mythology . Ebert and Kirkpatrick expressed that while telling stories about how the band formed . "  I met Alex and Jade at Burning Man , which is a really exciting festival up in the desert , " Kirkpatrick says , with Ebert adding , "  It sounds scripted . It sounds so exactly what people would expect " "  I know . I know , " Kirkpatrick says . "  Which is kind of ridiculous at this point . But , I was good friends with Jade 's cousin and kind of introduced through friends and I do n't know , then music ensued . And that was like five years ago , I guess . " "  Literally , it sounds like an indie movie , " Ebert adds . According to the pair , the band 's name evolved in a somewhat random way . While some writers have described "  Edward Sharpe " as Ebert 's alter ego , the singer says that 's a false belief . "  It was just a story I was writing where the character was Edward Sharpe , " he says . "  And around the same time , I came up with a form of mathematics that has no known application , called Magnetic Zeros . And then I started a MySpace page called Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros . " "  It sort of got lost in translation . There 's sort of no character that I 'm playing or an alter ego really , but more something that I think that I 'm reaching towards within myself maybe , or that we all are . " With a dozen band members , it could be difficult find a role for everyone . But Kirkpatrick says that diversity strengthens the band . "  Some people are trained jazz musicians , and some people went to -- trained in Africa , you know , for drumming and rhythm , and some of us kind of taught ourselves what we know , or picked up pieces here along the way , " she says . "  So , I think when we all come together , it offers not just one school of thought , or one approach to playing or learning music , but everyone kind of throws in a different color into the pot . " Ebert , who says he 's spiritual , while "  not so fond of " religious order and dogma , says ultimately , the music creates itself . "  The song tends to tell you exactly what it wants . You know what I mean ? And you just kind of have to listen to that , " he says . "  So , if it wants a single voice in a section , it seems to be pretty obvious . If it wants a bunch of voices , then it seems to be pretty obvious . It 's a fun , sort of delicate process of listening for what the song wants . "	The Zeros ' second album "  Here , " hit No. 5 on the Billboard 200 chart The band 's name does not mean what some fans believe The frontman says the music creates itself
