CNN  -- One of Africa 's brightest young writers , 31-year-old Chimamanda Adichie has already been recognised for her talent ; her debut novel was shortlisted for the Orange Fiction Prize in 2004 . The Nigerian novelist talks to CNN about her craft , her country and identity .	31-year-old novelist grew up in Nigeria and studied in U.S. First novel was shortlisted for Orange Fiction prize ; has won other literary awards Latest work is collection of short stories about the Nigerian immigrant experience
CNN  -- Some people just ca n't handle the truth . Others have a tough time with the lies , too . Civil police in the northeast Brazilian city of Recife arrested Ricardo Sergio Freire de Barros after he tried to open a bank account using a fake ID with a picture of Jack Nicholson . Just a small problem : the 41-year-old Barros looks nothing like the 74-year-old Oscar-winning American actor , one of the most-recognizable men in the world . Nicholson has been nominated for an Academy Award 12 times , and has won the Best Actor Oscar twice -- for "  One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest " and for "  As Good as It Gets . " He also picked up an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for 1983 's "  Terms of Endearment . " Before his arrest on Tuesday , police had been tracking Barros for three months , following multiple reports of fraudulent activity , police Chief Erivaldo Guerra said . He said the suspect was using the fake IDs to open bank accounts and credit cards with high limits , and then defaulting on the debts . He also took out a business license . When Barros was arrested , he had six different IDs and various checkbooks and credit cards , police said . To his credit , Barros did n't use Nicholson 's name , instead signing the card Joao Pedro dos Santos . He 's charged with use of false documents and falsification of a public document . Barros is being held in jail awaiting trial .	NEW : The suspect is in jail awaiting trial Ricardo Sergio Freire de Barros was trying open a bank account A fake ID of his features Jack Nicholson Nicholson is a three-time Oscar winning actor
CNN  -- The PGA Tour has been littered with surprise winners in 2014 . Last week Matt Every became the latest unexpected champion , claiming his first title at the Arnold Palmer Invitational . Could Australia 's Steven Bowditch be added to the list ? Bowditch , the 339th-ranked golfer in the world , held the clubhouse lead deep into the second round of the Valero Texas Open . The Australian has only finished in the top three once at a PGA Tour event -- he tied for second last year at the Greenbrier Classic -- and missed the cut at half of his PGA tournaments in the 2013 season . But the story is n't as simple as that : Bowditch has spoken publicly about his battle with depression and once tried to commit suicide . After finishing his first round earlier Friday -- fog had delayed play Thursday -- Bowditch strung together a 5-under-par 67 in San Antonio to sit atop the leaderboard thanks to a two-round total of 8-under-par 136 . That despite a double bogey on his final hole . "  It was a frustrating way to finish , " Bowditch , who struck an eagle 2 at the 12th , told the PGA Tour 's website . "  I hit a couple of bad shots . It is what it is . "  I got off to a good start this morning , finishing off my first round , and then sort of kept it rolling there for a little bit . It was good . I 'm happy with it . " The 30-year-old led Chad Collins -- ranked outside the top 300 -- and 505th-ranked PGA Tour rookie Andrew Loupe by a shot . Four-time major winner Ernie Els , however , was expected to miss the cut after posting 74s in both of his rounds . His second round included three bogeys and one birdie . World No. 5 Phil Mickelson attempted to improve his score Friday after registering a 77 in the first round .	Steven Bowditch holds the clubhouse lead at the Valero Texas Open The 30-year-old Aussie is seeking a first title on the PGA Tour If he wins , he would add to the list of unlikely PGA Tour winners in 2014 Bowditch has spoken publicly in the past about dealing with depression
Beijing  CNN  -- Han Junqian does n't go outside very often . From 9:30 a.m. until 11 p.m. , six days a week , the 50-year-old massage therapist works out of a dingy parlor in Beijing 's Xicheng District . There 's no commute as Han lives on site . On his day off he spends his time indoors . He goes outside primarily to buy groceries , or visit the bank . "  Sometimes it makes me depressed , " said Han when reflecting on his condition . Han is blind , and his life is similar to the roughly 120,000 blind massage therapists in China today , according to a 2012 report by Changchun University . After he lost his sight at the age of 15 , he did n't have many educational or employment opportunities outside the massage industry . But that may be changing . China 's Ministry of Education decided to provide Braille or electronic versions of this June 's "  gaokao , " China 's brutally competitive national college entrance exams , effectively opening the door for blind citizens to access higher education . While the move is hailed as a breakthrough by many human rights groups , some critics caution that the proof will only be in its implementation , and that much more needs to be done to improve the lives of the disabled . Stephen Hallett , founder of non-profit organization China Vision , has been working on disability issues in and around China since the 1990s . He was unimpressed by the new blind-friendly exams . "  It 's fairly meaningless , " said Hallett . The root of Hallett 's skepticism lies in the spotty record of the Chinese government in enforcing its directives over the entire country . Particularly in China 's rural areas , a lack of resources and a lack of political will have often undermined efforts to help blind people in the past . A world apart China has the largest population of blind people in the world , according to the World Health Organization . When they are educated at all , blind people are shoved into segregated schools that are isolated from the rest of society . Higher education exists only in the form of a few specialized universities where the only majors offered are massage therapy and music . As a signatory to the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities , China agreed to the principle of "  an inclusive education system at all levels , " yet critics on the ground say the situation in practice is profoundly different . The exclusion of the blind from mainstream society , and the social attitudes it has fostered , has resulted in a rippling effect of adverse consequences . "  It 's a kind of apartheid , " said Hallett . Many Chinese who are born blind are simply abandoned by parents unwilling to incur the costs of raising them . For those that lose their vision later in life , the transfer to special schools typically results in the loss of sighted friends and acquaintances . Since the career paths of the students are all but predestined , the curriculum at blind schools are often not as rigorous . "  We 're not required to finish everything , " said Ni Zhen , a former student of the Qingdao School for the Blind . "  I do n't really think society has expectations from people with disabilities . " Since the blind have virtually no other employment options , they are often exploited by employers who pay meager wages . One study by the Guangzhou Disabled Career Training Center found that intermediate level blind massage therapists in that city made between RMB 1200 and 3000 a month  around $ 191 to 479  , a figure far lower than sighted counterparts . Zhou Yuewen , a 63-year-old blind therapist from Hebei says he thinks he gives a better massage than a sighted masseur : "  It 's very hard for blind people to get a job , so we are more likely to cherish the work we do . " Future vision China 's semi-official organ for dealing with blindness is the China Association of the Blind , and they are forthright about the scale of the problem that blind Chinese face . "  It 's not fair that blind people have so few opportunities , " said an official from the association who requested anonymity . "  The problem is that massage is the quickest way for blind people to get a job . " The association defended the use of blind schools as a matter of practical necessity and insisted that it would be impossible to train teachers in mainstream schools to deal with the volume of China 's visually impaired students . They also pointed to the new regulations by the Ministry of Education as proof that they had achieved results . The association , however , offered no solution to the problem of implementation that Hallett and others cited as crucial to the success of the new regulations . Whether it 's a success or not , the matter is ultimately moot for many , including Han Junqian . With his best years behind him , Han has no plans to sit for the "  gaokao , " even if it is made available . "  It 's a pity that it did n't come out earlier , " he said . "  I have forgotten everything . "	Blind people have few opportunities in China and most become massage therapists To get into college in China , one must pass the "  gaokao , " which will be offered in Braille this June Critics say the Braille exam is "  fairly meaningless "
CNN  -- Like thousands of other Iranian women , Parisa took to Tehran 's streets this week , her heart brimming with hope . "  Change , " said the placards around her . Iranian women demonstrate Thursday in the streets of Tehran , the capital city . The young Iranian woman eyed the crowd and pondered the possibility that the rest of her life might be different from her mother 's . She could see glimmers of a future free from discrimination -- and all the symbols of it , including the head-covering the government requires her to wear every day . Women , regarded as second-class citizens under Iranian law , have been noticeably front and center of the massive demonstrations that have unfolded since the presidential election a week ago . Iranians are protesting what they consider a fraudulent vote count favoring hardline incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , but for many women like Parisa , the demonstrations are just as much about taking Iran one step closer to democracy . "  Women have become primary agents of change in Iran , " said Nayereh Tohidi , chairwoman of the Gender and Women 's Studies Department at California State University , Northridge . The remarkable images show women with uncovered heads who are unafraid to speak their minds and crowds that are not segregated -- both the opposite of the norm in Iran , Tohidi said . She said a long-brewing women 's movement may finally be manifesting itself on the streets and empowering women like Parisa . "  This regime is against all humanity , more specifically against all women , " said Parisa , whom CNN is not fully identifying for security reasons . "  I see lots of girls and women in these demonstrations , " she said . "  They are all angry , ready to explode , scream out and let the world hear their voice . I want the world to know that as a woman in this country , I have no freedom . " Though 63 percent of all Iranian college students are women , the law of the land does not see men and women as equal . In cases of divorce , child custody , inheritance and crime , women do not have the same legal rights as men . In the past four years , Ahmadinejad has made it easier for men to practice polygamy and harder for women to access public sector jobs , according to CNN 's Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour . Amanpour , who has reported extensively from Iran , describes Iranian women as "  very strong . " In 1997 , it was women who came out along with young people to put reformist candidate Mohammed Khatami into the presidency , Amanpour said . Increasingly , women 's voices are gaining power as their numbers rise and their demands grow louder . Even the granddaughter of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the architect of the Islamic republic , voiced frustration at the way women are treated . "  Women are just living things , " Zahra Eshraghi told Amanpour . "  A woman is there to fill her husband 's stomach and raise children . " For the first time , women were allowed to register for the presidential race , though none , including Eshraghi , were deemed fit to run by the religious body that vets candidates . But women 's issues surfaced in the campaign . That was partly the result of a women 's movement comprised of educated , urban , middle-class women that has grown in recent years with the addition of more conservative and poorer women , said Tohidi , a longtime observer of women 's rights in Iran . Ironically , traditional women first gained voice under the clerics . "  Khomeini needed their votes , so he encouraged them to be publicly active , " Tohidi said . The middle-class women who enjoyed certain freedoms in prerevolutionary days refused to turn back , while a new generation of conservatives were awakened to feminism . In 2003 , lawyer and women 's rights activist Shirin Ebadi won the Nobel Peace Prize , providing a "  big boost " for Iranian women , Tohidi said . At the same time , private organizations and charities that deal with women 's issues blossomed under the presidency of reformist Mohammed Khatami , growing by as much as 700 percent , Tohidi said . Marriage age increased as more women opted to marry for love , instead of entering arranged marriages . The One Million Signatures Campaign officially launched in 2006 sprouted new discourse and attention with a petition that asks the parliament to reform gender discriminatory laws . In this year 's presidential campaign , Iranian women pressured candidates to agree to ratify the U.N. Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women . The 1979 treaty has been ratified by 186 nations , including several Islamic states . Two opposition candidates , Mir Hossein Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi , vowed to look into parts of the Iranian constitution that defer women 's rights to what is regarded as an outdated version of sharia , or Islamic , law . Moussavi had even promised to appoint women as cabinet ministers for the first time . Some women in Iran looked to Moussavi to carry their banner , perhaps because they were inspired by his wife , Zahra Rahnavard , a much-admired academic who told CNN 's Amanpour that Iran 's 34 million women want civil laws and family laws revised . Author and journalist Azadeh Moaveni , who spent several years working in Iran , said Ahmadinejad 's fundamentalism has pushed Iranian women to the edge . "  He has been a catastrophe for women , " said Moaveni , who wrote "  Lipstick Jihad " and co-authored "  Iran Awakening " with Nobel laureate Ebadi . The weight of discrimination against women is felt most profoundly through Iran 's legal system , but Moaveni said Ahmadinejad added to the hardship by clamping down on women 's lifestyles . He mandated the way women dress and even censored Web sites that dealt with women 's health , Moaveni said . A woman would be hard-pressed to conduct a Google search for something as simple as breast cancer . Moaveni was almost arrested because her coat sleeves were too short and exposed too much skin . In that setting , she said , it 's striking to see women protesting , especially without their hijabs , or head coverings . "  While it 's not at the top of women 's grievances , the hijab is symbolic . Taking it off is like waving a red flag , " Moaveni said . "  Women are saying they are a force to be reckoned with . " Azar Nafisi , a professor at Johns Hopkins University 's School of Advanced International Studies and author of "  Reading Lolita in Tehran , " said she has been watching the footage from Iran with "  inordinate pride . " She marched on the streets during the 1979 revolution because she believed in greater freedoms for her people , only to see her dreams shattered as hardline clerics took hold of Iran . "  Reading Lolita " is largely a memoir of her harrowing days in Iran until 1997 , when she immigrated to the United States . "  The way I walked down the street became a political statement , " Nafisi said . She recalled her own mother being a devout Muslim who chose not to wear a veil . Her grandmother , like more traditional women in Iran , wore a veil but resented the government ordering her to do so . Covering up , Nafisi said , was a matter of faith , not politics . Nafisi believes that women have become a symbolic statement of the power of the Islamic state . She called Iranian women canaries of the mind -- barometers of how free society is . It 's impossible to predict what will transpire in Iran in the coming days . Nafisi believes a regime change will not be enough ; that only a change in mindset can lead to greater freedoms for women . Moaveni said the sheer scale of the demonstrations assures her that the political and social climate will never again be the same in Iran . Tohidi is keeping her fingers crossed that the protests wo n't prompt Iran 's hardliners to clamp down and rule by repression . But all of them shared the hopes of the women -- like Parisa -- who are marching on the streets . "  Today , we were wearing black , " Parisa said , referring to the day of mourning to remember those who have died in post-election violence . "  We were holding signs . We said , ` We are not sheep . We are human beings , ' " she said . Parisa was thankful for all the images being transmitted out of Iran despite the government 's crackdown on international journalists . She was thankful , too , that the world cared . "  Today , " she said , "  I had this feeling of hope that things will finally change . "	Women have been strikingly noticeable in street demonstrations Many hope the protests will lead to changes in gender discriminatory laws Iranian women have been slowly building a movement for greater rights
CNN  -- The family of South Carolina lobbyist Tom Sponseller asked for the public 's help Tuesday in locating the missing man . Sponseller , 61 , is head of the South Carolina Hospitality Association . He was last reported seen in his Columbia office around noon on Saturday . "  Anybody that has any information we 'd love for them to come forward , " daughter-in-law Lauren Sponseller told HLN 's Ryan Smith . "  We need some information from someone and we know someone has to have some type of information on this . So anything that can be helpful , please , we ask you for that , " she said . According to a Facebook page set up by Sponseller 's family , investigators found his car in the garage next to his office . There were no signs of a struggle or "  anything else that would cause alarm , " it said . Police have not yet ruled out the possibility of foul play , said Columbia police spokeswoman Jennifer Timmons . "  We do n't know what happened to him ... we ca n't assume right now , " she said . Sponseller is slightly more than six feet tall , weighs 160 pounds and is balding , with gray or white hair . He typically wears glasses . According to a police report , Sponseller was involved in a car accident about a year ago , in which he blacked out prior to the crash and possibly had a seizure . His family made various attempts to reach Sponseller on his cell phone Saturday , but was not successful . He has no history of "  this type of behavior , " the police report read . "  Tom was supposed to meet us to see my son 's Pinewood Derby for Scouts that  Saturday  afternoon at 2 and he did not show up to the event . It started to really concern us at that point because it 's out of his character to not show up to an event and to not let us know , " said his daughter-in-law . Sponseller graduated from The Citadel and is a former officer in the U.S. Air Force , according to the Facebook page . He and his wife have three children .	NEW : Missing man man blacked out prior to a car accident about a year ago Tom Sponseller , 61 , is head of the South Carolina Hospitality Association He was last seen on Saturday at his office Investigators have found his car , no signs of a struggle
CNN  A couple in their 20s , who led a youth ministry , and their baby boy were driving underneath a highway overpass in Bonney Lake , a Seattle suburb , when other motorists heard the crackle of a pending collapse . Concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family 's car , killing Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son , Hudson , authorities said . "  The damage was so severe it was impossible to tell how many victims were in the vehicle . The only thing we had was we could tell there was one victim , " said Officer Todd Green of Bonney Lake Police Department , according to CNN affiliate KOMO . It took nine hours Monday for crews to remove enough debris to discover the death toll on Angeline Road underneath State Route 410 , authorities said . Authorities continued their investigation Tuesday , but initial findings were that there was an ongoing construction project on the highway and a side jersey barrier "  came loose and fell onto the roadway , " Green told the station . "  When it fell off the overpass , it landed square on the roof of the vehicle , " Green added . Josh and Vanessa Ellis were youth pastors at the EastPointe Foursquare Church in Puyallup , near Bonney Lake , the church said . The couple earlier wrote a short autobiography on the church website : "  We love to laugh . We are passionate about seeing young people discover the love and grace that Jesus abundantly pours out on them . "  We get really excited about good coffee , quality time with friends and Seattle welcoming an NBA basketball team back to our city , " the couple wrote . "  We love drive-in movies , frozen yogurt , dates to IKEA and trips to the beach . " Lead Pastor James Ludlow said his church was reeling . "  We are stunned ! Shocked ! Wounded , broken and dismayed . But we know one thing for sure ... they are in glory in the loving arms of our King Jesus ! " Ludlow said on the church 's Facebook page . Motorist Dawn Nelson was driving behind the Ellis ' vehicle . "  I was just a second or two behind him , " Nelson told KOMO . "  I could hear the three crunch sounds and then it just came down . " Neighbors recounted a violent collapse . "  I thought a semi had come down the guardrail here in front , " neighbor Katie Vance told the station . She felt the crash inside her home . "  It was a metal sound and a very heavy sound ... it was through your feet - like a guttural . It shook the whole house , " she told the affiliate . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this story .	Josh and Vanessa Ellis , a couple in their 20s , were youth pastors in a suburban Seattle church They and their 8-month-old son , Hudson , are killed when a highway barrier falls on their car "  We are stunned ! Shocked ! " the church 's lead pastor writes on Facebook
CNN  -- The spiraling scandal that took down David Petraeus has apparently ensnared another powerful general , as authorities announced that Gen. John Allen is under investigation for allegedly sending inappropriate messages to Jill Kelley , a woman who has been linked to the Petraeus scandal . Allen , who is the commander of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , has denied any wrongdoing , a senior defense official said . Details of the latest angle of the scandal that has shaken the highest level of the military were sketchy early Tuesday morning . Timeline of the Petraeus affair Some details about Allen , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , came from a terse overnight statement by Defense Secretary Leon Panetta . "  On Sunday , the Federal Bureau of Investigation referred to the Department of Defense a matter involving General John Allen , Commander of the International Security Assistance Force  or ISAF  in Afghanistan , " part of the statement said . "  Today , the secretary directed that the matter be referred to the Inspector General of the Department of Defense for investigation . " A defense official told CNN there is a "  distinct possibility " that the investigation into Allen is connected to the investigation that led to the resignation of Petraeus . Allen will still retain his position as the commander of ISAF as the investigation continues , the Pentagon said . But Panetta asked that Allen 's nomination to become NATO 's supreme allied commander be put on hold , the statement said . The confirmation hearing to see if Allen would get that lofty military post was scheduled for Thursday . Rep. King : Petraeus ' resignation does n't preclude testimony The investigation was in its early stages but authorities were looking into some 20,000 to 30,000 pages of documents , the defense official said . It was not immediately clear Tuesday exactly how Allen may be linked to the Petraeus investigation . Petraeus , 60 , resigned Friday after acknowledging he had an affair with a woman later identified as his biographer , Paula Broadwell , 40 , a fellow West Point graduate who spent months studying the general 's leadership of U.S. forces in Afghanistan . The investigation into Petraeus came to light during an FBI investigation of "  jealous " e-mails reportedly sent by Broadwell to a woman named Jill Kelley , a government source familiar with the investigation told CNN on Monday . Now authorities say Allen was under investigation because of communications with Kelley . Amid national talk about the Petraeus scandal , Kelley , 37 , and her husband released a statement saying they have been friends with Petraeus and his family for more than five years and asked for privacy . Petraeus letter : ' I showed extremely poor judgment '	Defense official : Allen has disputed that he did anything wrong Official : There is a "  distinct possibility " that this is connected to the Petraeus scandal Investigators are looking into 20,000 to 30,000 pages of documents
Washington  CNN  -- New Hampshire Republican political pros are not expecting a big surprise when the state 's voters cast their ballots in Tuesday 's GOP presidential primary , seeing an easy victory for former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . But the race for second place is much less clear . A CNN survey of 52 New Hampshire GOP insiders found that only one thought Romney would lose the primary , and that was to former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania . This group included Republican leaders in both chambers of the state Legislature , local elected and party officials , business and conservative interest group leaders , veterans of previous primary campaigns , GOP political consultants and other party activists .  Those surveyed were granted anonymity for their individual responses to encourage candor . The names of the insiders who participated in this survey appear at the end of this article . The political insiders also thought that while Romney 's margin of victory would be substantial , he would not crack 40 percent . When their predictions for what percentage of the vote each candidate would receive were averaged , Romney came out with a victory of 19 percentage points over Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , followed closely by Santorum . Percentage of primary vote expected Mitt Romney -- 37 % Ron Paul -- 18 % Rick Santorum -- 16 % Newt Gingrich -- 12 % Jon Huntsman -- 12 % Rick Perry -- 4 % Others -- 1 % The CNN insiders closely mirror the most recent statewide poll of likely GOP voters from WMUR and the University of New Hampshire , which indicates a strong lead for Romney , but the same list of other candidates vying for the No. 2 position . Second place could be key coming out of New Hampshire and going into the contentious South Carolina primary January 21 . "  Other than Romney right now , feels like the junior varsity on the field , " said one New Hampshire GOP insider . Another said , "  I believe like so many  that  it 's Romney 's to lose . " Since finishing second in the GOP presidential primary here four years ago to Sen. John McCain of Arizona , Romney has continued to court New Hampshire Republican activists and maintained a home on Lake Winnipesaukee , about an hour north of Manchester . So far , none of the other candidates has been able to knock down Romney in a state with a tradition of humbling front-runners . All the other contenders seem to have significant flaws , at least in the eyes of local party activists . Paul : Too ` wacky ' ? Paul , who commands a loyal following in the state , faces two of the same hurdles that he faced in Iowa : the view among many in the party -- fair or unfair -- that he ca n't defeat President Barack Obama in November , and his isolationist foreign policy views , which are anathema to many Republicans . What do you think has been the biggest obstacle for Paul in New Hampshire ? Perception that he ca n't win in the general election -- 50 % His stance on foreign policy -- 48 % Paul is too extreme for New Hampshire  volunteered  -- 2 % "  He has a ceiling to grow entirely because of his foreign policy views , " one New Hampshire GOP insider said . "  He has his bloc ; they are passionate and not going anywhere . " Others said they feel that Paul 's foreign policy stance feeds into a broader impression of 76-year-old congressman and his campaign . "  He 's often wacky , " another GOP insider said . "  And his supporters turn off regular voters with their messianic zeal . " Santorum : Not enough time Hoping to build on his near-victory in the Iowa caucuses , Santorum has held town-hall meetings throughout the state taking questions from all comers . Doing so earns him points from locals who believe they have a duty to cross-examine White House hopefuls , but it also has led to a number of hard questions about Santorum 's strenuous opposition to same-sex marriage , which at times put him on the defensive . Indeed , a slight majority of the New Hampshire GOP insiders said they felt Santorum 's stance on social issues was a major handicap for him in the state . What do you think has been the biggest obstacle for Santorum in New Hampshire ? His views on social issues are too conservative for many Republican and independent voters -- 52 % He does n't have enough time or money to capitalize on his Iowa caucus showing -- 44 % Both  volunteered  -- 2 % Perception that he ca n't win the nomination -- 2 % Indeed , one New Hampshire insider said that brief window between the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary helps Santorum because it "  minimizes the time for him to spout off on  the  social conservative agenda and turn off late deciders . " But others said they thought that if he had had more than a week to campaign , Santorum might have been able to at least partially overcome his perceived liability on social issues . "  Despite his social conservative views in New Hampshire , I believe he could gain more momentum here if he had more time because of the kind of grass-roots campaigner he is , " one GOP insider ventured . "  Not sure he could win , but he could beat Paul . " Huntsman : Too moderate ? If Santorum has a problem in New Hampshire because some of his views are too conservative , former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman , who was ambassador to China during the first two years of the Obama administration , has to deal with the view that he 's too moderate for the state 's GOP primary electorate . What do you think has been the biggest obstacle for Huntsman in New Hampshire ? Perception that he 's too moderate -- 50 % Perception that he ca n't win the GOP nomination -- 40 % His message has been muddled  volunteered  -- 10 % "  Yes , he has appeared too moderate , and yes , he is perceived as someone who ca n't win the nomination , " one GOP insider said . "  But the reason that both of those have been obstacles for Huntsman is because his message has been all over the place , with no discipline , no definition . " Another echoed , "  I think his biggest obstacle has been his campaign 's confusing messaging . Within the span of a few months , they tried to convey him as the common-sense moderate and the true conservative . " Gingrich : Too much of a Washington insider ? As for Newt Gingrich , it was clear what his biggest problem was in the New Hampshire -- the view that his business ties to companies such as Freddie Mac left the former House speaker open to the charge that he 's part of the influence-peddling culture of Washington . What do you think has been the biggest obstacle for Gingrich in New Hampshire ? His consulting for the government mortgage-giant Freddie Mac and other interests -- 63 % His personal life -- 27 % Weak staff and campaign in the state  volunteered  -- 8 % Consulting and personal life  volunteered  -- 2 % "  New Hampshire Romney surrogates were pounding him every chance they got , " one GOP insider said , citing Gingrich 's vulnerability on his consulting ties . The CNN New Hampshire GOP insiders were surveyed from Friday to Sunday afternoon . The survey was conducted over the Internet . The New Hampshire insiders were given anonymity for their individual answers to encourage candid responses . Half of the insiders said they were formally aligned with one of the presidential campaigns , and half said they had neither endorsed nor were they working for any candidate . Here are the names of the participants in the survey : Kevin Abbott , Peter Angerhofer , Charlie Arlinghaus , Richard Ashooh , Brad Blais , Travis Blais , Grant Bosse , Jeb Bradley , Peter Bragdon , Jamie Burnett , Amelia Chasse , Paul Collins , Bradford E. Cook , Thomas Cronin , Fergus Cullen , Michael P. Dennehy , Ed Dupont , Stephen Duprey , Jay Flanders , Jim Foley , Matt Hagerty , Erin Hass , Jennifer Horn , Periklis Karoutas , Rich Killion , Corey Lewandowski , John Lyons , Sean Mahoney , Kerry Marsh , Jim MacEachern , Shannon McGinley , Jim Merrill , Nancy Merrill , Betsy Miller , Jayne Millerick , Maureen Mooney , B.J. Perry , Thomas D. Rath , Stella Scamman , Pete Silva , Nick Skaltsis , Dan St. Hilaire , John Stephen , Sharon Sykas , Donna Sytek , Pamela Tucker , Peter Weeks , Karen Umberger , J. Christopher Williams , Chris Wolfe , Will Wrobleski and Paul Young .	Mitt Romney is a clear favorite among New Hampshire political pros , insider survey finds Ron Paul , Rick Santorum , Newt Gingrich and Jon Huntsman in close race for second place Insiders say besides Romney , the rest of field feels like "  junior varsity "
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal and Serena Williams underlined their status as overwhelming favorites for the French Open by breezing through their respective title matches in Rome Sunday . Nadal crushed long-time rival Roger Federer 6-1 6-3 in a one-sided final at the Foro Italico . Earlier , Williams blasted 41 winners as she beat Australian Open champion Victoria Azarenka by the same score . It was her 24th straight win and she is 16-0 on clay this season with three tournament wins . Nadal was playing his eighth straight final since returning from a seven-month injury layoff in February and has been on an upward curve with each successive week . The pair were meeting for the 30th time and the 20th in a final , but Nadal dominated from the start , breaking service three times . The second set was closer but the 26-year-old Spaniard was never seriously tested as sealed his 24th Masters crown and sixth title of the season . "  If you 'd told me that four or five months ago I would have said you are crazy , " fifth-seeded Nadal told AFP after his win . He now leads Federer 20-10 in head to head clashes with 13 of those wins coming on his favored clay surface . It was Nadal 's seventh title triumph in the Italian capital but for Swiss ace Federer it was a sobering experience . "  Rafa has much more topspin than all the guys I played this week , so the change was quite a big one , " he said . "  I tried to play offensively , but unfortunately I did n't have the best day . It did n't go the way I was hoping it to go . " Williams , who lost to Azarenka at the Doha tournament this year , never looked in serious danger of a repeat as she swept through the opener for the loss of a single game . She had a brief moment of concern in the second when her Belarus opponent broke back to trail 3-4 , but then lost her own service in the next game . No. 1 Williams served out the match to love with back to back aces to complete victory in one hour 33 minutes . She then proved a winner with the crowd by giving her victory speech in Italian . For No. 3 Azarenka , there is the consolation of a solid week after two months out with an ankle problem . We had a lot of tight games and the match was closer than the score , but Serena played a very good match and was better in the important moments , " Azarenka told the WTA Tour official website . "  After the trophy ceremony we were just talking about the match and wishing each other luck for the French Open , and that we 'll see each other in Paris and hopefully see each other in another final . " The second grand slam of the season at Roland Garros starts on Monday week .	Rafael Nadal wins Rome Masters title Thrashes arch-rival Roger Federer in straight sets 30th meeting of the two greats -- 20 in finals Serena Williams beats Victoria Azarenka in straight sets in women 's final
CNN  -- South Africa is a destination with soul that will wend its way into your heart over the course of a few days . It can be hard to leave , and many choose to make it home after getting a taste of the culture and endless variety of new experiences . You 're on the Cape now , and things are captivatingly different here . iReporter Neal Piper considered making the move after one visit to South Africa . "  In all of my travels , Cape Town is on the top of my list of places I would like to call home . In a matter of a week you can go on a safari , cage diving with great white sharks , hike Table Mountain , learn how to surf , appreciate many types of wines in the wine region and learn about a rich culture that has seen a lot of change in our lifetime . This is only a taste of what this beautiful region has to offer . " Visiting the new South Africa Travelers can be put off by warnings of crime or danger concerning South Africa , but as with any adventure , plan accordingly and travel with caution . It may be a vacation , but it always pays to be aware . "  Johannesburg has a reputation as a dangerous city , but reputations rarely tell the entire story , " iReporter Christopher Scott Walker said . "  While crime is a serious problem in the city , the locals were among the friendliest people that I have ever encountered . The wildlife in South Africa is amazing , but I encourage everyone to spend time with the amazing people as well . " Prepare to explore a country full of adventures . The hardest part will be planning how to experience the most of South Africa while you 're there . Below , iReporters share their tips and favorite things to do . Dive right in iReporter Sara Ruedy had never left the U.S. until she ventured to South Africa with her boyfriend . The first stamp on her passport became an unforgettable adventure . Consider an exciting brush with danger during your trip . "  Cage dive with great white sharks in Gansbaai , " she said . "  My boyfriend , Steve , and I spent four hours on a boat with 10 others and were given the opportunity to get in a shark cage in the water as great whites approached us head-on . " Table Mountain is considered a  tamer  must for first-time visitors to South Africa . Ruedy loved it for the panoramic views . iReporter Jennifer Traubel encourages visitors to make the hike . "  For non-hikers , taking the cable car up and down can be tempting , but it is absolutely worth the climb . You can take the cable car down as your reward ! " History is rich in South Africa , and it 's worth taking the time to absorb . Robben Island , a World Heritage site , is brimming with stories . "  A ferry can be taken from the V&A Waterfront in Cape Town for a tour of Robben Island , where Nelson Mandela was exiled as a political prisoner for 27 years , " Ruedy said . "  Island tours are particularly interesting because they are given by ex-political prisoners themselves who share their personal experiences . " iReporter Ethel Marie Chadwick fell in love with South Africa and Cape Town when she traveled to visit her cousins living in the area . Her tip ? Explore everything ! "  Visit Cape Town , the Vrede en Lust Wine Farm , Sun City and go on a safari . December is a great time to go : It 's summer there ! " South African eats : A sweet lesson at the Magic Kingdom Get wild with your food The flavors can be exotic , literally . If you want a new kind of culinary experience , try the local cuisine , although some is more geared toward tourists . "  A good -- though admittedly touristy -- restaurant in Johannesburg that I made a point to eat at was Carnivore , " Walker said . "  Carnivore is a restaurant that serves game meat , including crocodile , giraffe , kudu and zebra . " iReporter Jennifer Traubel also recommends the warthog casserole at the Wild Fig Tree Restaurant in Sabie . If you want a little normalcy alongside the wild cuisine , fresh seafood is a great option . "  Saul 's Taverna in Cape Town is not fancy or flashy in any way , but the food is a great experience , " Ruedy said . "  The restaurant offers Greek , Portuguese and Italian food with an African flair , including the popular kudu and warthog meats . We ordered the best-tasting calamari we 've ever had . " South African eats : How Emily got her appetite back Venture off the beaten path Seasoned travelers know that making the most of your trip sometimes involves making up your own itinerary . "  The most interesting things and most rewarding are seen and experienced off the beaten path to get a real taste of how South Africans truly live and not just the typical tourist traps , " iReporter Lulis Leal said . Leal enjoyed going on a safari while she was in South Africa but recommends renting a car and making your own , especially if you want to take photos . She ventured through Kruger National Park . "  I was blown away with the natural beauty of the park and having an opportunity to see the animals in their own natural environment was a very amazing , interesting and humbling experience . There is so much to see and do in Kruger National Park that it would take weeks to see it all . "  My advice to first-time travelers would be to be patient and keep a flexible schedule . While Americans may always appear to be in a rush , in South Africa things are done more slowly . Everything is savored and relished . "	South Africa is rich with exciting adventures and rich cultural experiences Go cage diving to see sharks and climb Table Mountain for an amazing view Travel off the beaten path to soak up South Africa 's true culture
CNN  -- When I was young , my teachers praised me for being good at math and art , but my father would always tell people , "  You know , John is good at math . " At the time I felt I had to choose between the two -- and with my parents ' influence winning over my own , I went to MIT . After many years there , I learned about computers on many levels . In doing so , I saw technology succeeding each year in making everything cheaper , faster , and smaller -- but failing to create any emotional connection or to bring any meaning to our lives . Design has picked up significant momentum with the success of design-led companies like Apple and Airbnb , but the exact meaning of design and how it is applied is often something of a mystery . Educated as a computer scientist , my bias is to believe in what can be quantified , and so I understand how confusing "  getting " design can be . Qualitatively speaking , however , something designed superbly tends to look and feel better than something designed poorly . Or , said another way : Something designed superbly tends to look and feel "  different " than something designed poorly . It is whether the difference "  works " or not that determines good design versus bad design . We encounter design , good and bad , with everything we see , touch , and use . It 's invisible to most people because it 's everywhere -- much like the proverbial fish that does n't know where to find water . TED.com : John Maeda on his journey in design One simple way to become aware of graphic design is to try not to ignore the font , or typeface , being used -- which does a lot more than just make a word readable . A slight change in line weight can make the word "  heavy " seem "  heavier . " Formal appears more formal when set in italics . And "  far " does appear a bit far ... away when a little distance gets added into the visual equation . Design is a way of adding enough visual , tactile , spatial , audio , textural or temporal inflection so as to make the ordinary feel different -- with the goal of making that difference a meaningful one . In the early 1990s , my work focused on combining the rigid vocabulary of computer programming with the playful possibilities of art and design . I created a series of interactive works in the C computer language called "  reactive graphics . " TED.com : David Kelley on human-centered design My intent was to show that the computer could be more than a cold , clinical object ; it could do things that delighted us . Though that work is now credited with helping to launch the interactive graphics movement on the Web , at the time it was marginalized by traditional print designers . Yet I believe that taking principles from one domain and applying them to a new context -- in this case mixing traditional visual aesthetics with advanced computation and algorithms -- is where the practice of design tends to make its biggest marks . Today , the relevance of design is expanding far beyond visual aesthetics -- to everything from tackling global issues such as climate change , to making sense of the overwhelming amount of data that surrounds us . Designers have the unique ability to make information , products and experiences both simpler and richer all at once . TED.com : Designing objects that tell stories Recently I have been thinking that , just as design and technology combined to make the rich creative space that is digital media today , design and technology together will now begin to help leaders navigate their competing priorities , solve complex problems , and nurture fragmented relationships . As organizations shift from neatly ordered hierarchies to chaotic , flattened "  heterarchies , " where anyone can "  friend the CEO , " a new generation of tools will be invented that will allow design and technology to enable leaders to make true connections among people and inspire change . Just as design enabled us to have an emotional connection with a piece of glass and aluminum that lives in our pocket , design and technology together will restore some of the humanity in what it means to lead in the 21st century . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Maeda .	John Maeda : Something designed superbly looks and feels different Much of the time , we tend not to notice good design , he says Designers can make things simpler and richer at same time , Maeda says Maeda : Design can redefine leadership in age when everyone can friend the CEO
LONDON , England -- Malaria is one of the world 's worst health problems and one of its biggest killers , with half a billion people affected every year , according to the Roll Back Malaria partnership . Around half a billion people are infected with malaria every year . Ninety percent of those cases are in Africa . Saturday marks World Malaria Day , when the world commemorates global efforts to eradicate the disease . Below CNN 's Vital Signs has produced a complete A - Z guide to how malaria spreads , the symptoms to look out for and how to protect yourself . A is for Anti-malarial drugs The history of anti-malarial medicine has been marked by a constant struggle between evolving drug-resistant parasites and the search for new drugs . Currently , anti-malaria experts are focusing on therapies that combine several drugs for better effects . B is for Blood stream Once a mosquito has bitten and the malaria parasites reach the liver , the parasites divide and create thousands of mature parasites . These are released into the blood and infect red blood cells . At that point , typical malaria symptoms such as fever and anemia develop . C is for Chloroquine Until recently , Chloroquine , an anti-malarial drug , was the first option for many people because of its relatively low price and effectiveness . However , resistance to Chloroquine in many parts of the world has rendered the drug ineffective . D is for Diagnosis After noting your symptoms and travel history , your doctor will likely obtain a sample of your blood for observation . Two blood samples , taken at six - and 12-hour intervals , can usually confirm the presence of the malaria parasite and its type . It is possible to be infected by more than one parasite at the same time . E is for Epidemic According to the World Health Organization  WHO  , large and devastating epidemics can occur when the mosquito-borne parasite is introduced into areas where people have had little prior contact with the infecting parasite . These epidemics can be triggered by wet weather conditions and further aggravated by floods or mass population movements driven by conflict . F is for Fever The most common symptom of all types of malarias is high fever , which is why doctors often misdiagnose malaria for flu . The fever is a reaction to toxins in the blood . It is therefore advised to tell your doctor you have been to a malaria affected zone , even if symptoms arise months after the trip . G is for Genome In 2002 , -- hundred years after it was discovered that mosquitoes transmit the malaria parasite -- the complete genetic codes of both the human malaria parasite and the mosquito that spreads it was cracked . This development brought scientists a step closer to developing drugs and vaccines to fight the disease , Nature magazine reported . H is for Hotspots Most cases and deaths are in sub-Saharan Africa , many of them occurring among children . However , Asia , Latin America , the Middle East and parts of Europe are also affected . In 2006 , malaria was present in 109 countries and territories . I is for Immunity Travelers from malaria-free regions such as Europe and the United States , with little or no immunity , who go to areas with high disease rates , are particularly vulnerable . It is essential to take precautions by taking anti-malarial drugs prescribed by your doctor . J is for Julius Wagner-Jauregg Julius Wagner-Jauregg , a Viennese doctor , was the first to intentionally infect syphilis patients with malaria parasites . By controlling the subsequent malaria-related fever with an anti-malaria drug , the effects of both syphilis and malaria could be minimized . Jauregg received the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1927 . K is for Killer Malaria is a life-threatening disease but it is preventable and curable if the right steps are taken . Education in recognizing the symptoms has reduced the number of cases in some areas by 20 percent . Recognizing the disease in the early stages can stop the disease from becoming a killer . L is for Laser gun U.S. scientists say they are developing a laser gun that could kill millions of mosquitoes in minutes . The laser fires at mosquitoes once it detects the audio frequency created by the beating of wings , the lead scientist on the project told CNN . The project is being funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . M is for Mosquitoes Malaria is caused by the bite of the female Anopheles mosquitoes . The mosquitoes bite between sunset and sunrise and parasites from the mosquito are then injected into the person 's skin and transported to the liver . About 170 species of such parasites exist , but only four cause malaria in humans . N is for Nets The distribution of mosquito nets with insecticide is a very effective method of malaria prevention , and it is also one of the most cost-effective methods . These nets can often be obtained for around $ 3 . Earlier this month , actor Ashton Kutcher won a Twitter race against CNN to reach 1 million followers . Kutcher had pledged 10,000 mosquito nets to charity if he beat CNN , and 1,000 if he lost . CNN agreed to do the same . O is for Obstacles In many endemic areas , access to health facilities , as well as drug costs , still present major obstacles . Humanitarian agency Medecins Sans Frontieres estimates that the cost of treating a malaria-infected person in an endemic country was between $ 0.25 and $ 2.40 per dose in 2002 . P is for Pandemic For malaria to become a pandemic  plague  in an area , several factors have to be present : high human population density ; high mosquito population density ; high rates of transmission from humans to mosquitoes and from mosquitoes to humans . Q is for Quinine Quinine was the first effective treatment for malaria in the 17th century . Since the 1940 's , many other anti-malarial drugs have appeared on the market and have taken precedent over quinine . But quinine is still being used to treat malaria in some cases . R is for Repellent The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says inspect repellents with DEET  most common active ingredient in strong insecticides  in them should be used on exposed skin and flying-insect spray can be used to kill mosquitoes in the sleeping area . DEET may be toxic , however and should be used with care . S is for Symptoms Fever is not the only symptom of malaria . Other symptoms can include shivers , headaches and nausea . Sweating and exhaustion is also common and in some cases , it can affect the brain or kidneys . T is for Tablets Malarone is a common anti-malaria drug among many travelers . It is said to have a 97 percent efficacy with relatively few side-effects . It can be given just one day before arrival in a malaria endemic country and only needs to be taken for another week after leaving . U is for Unborn child According to the WHO , pregnant women are at high risk of contracting malaria . The illness can result in high rates of miscarriages and cause more than 10 percent of maternal deaths annually . This figure can rise to 50 percent in cases of severe disease . V is for Vaccine Despite intensive research , no effective malaria vaccine has been developed to date . But according to a report in April 's New Scientist journal , a unique vaccine taken from the saliva of infected mosquitoes has received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to be tested in people . W is for World Malaria Day April 25 has become World Malaria Day to provide a global effort to control malaria around the world . The international malaria community only has two years left to meet the 2010 targets of delivering effective protection and treatment to all people at risk of malaria , as called for by the UN Secretary-General , Ban Ki-Moon . X is for X-ray X-ray microscopes are used to find the presence of malaria in red blood cells and see how they interact with healthy cells . One of the advantages of this type of microscope is that it produces very-high-resolution images of the cell structure . Y is for Yellow fever Yellow fever is another disease transmitted by mosquitoes . Some countries , such as Peru , require a certificate showing yellow-fever vaccination before you can travel there . Z is for Zanzibar Zanzibar , part of the African republic of Tanzania , has had relative successes in combating malaria ; Africa 's biggest killer according to the New Scientist journal . The achievements are due to the widespread use of treated bed nets , along with the switch to new anti-malarial drugs instead of Chloroquine in 2004 .	World Malaria Day on April 25 highlights the danger of malaria and calls for action According to the WHO there were 247 million cases of malaria in 2006 880,000 people died of malaria in 2006 , a preventable and curable disease
CNN  -- Last week , in his first days at his new job as manager of the Miami Marlins , Venezuelan-born Ozzie Guillen said to Time magazine , "  I love Fidel Castro , " adding "  You know why ? A lot of people have wanted to kill Fidel Castro for the last 60 years , but that mother ------ is still there . " The Marlins ' brand new $ 634 million ballpark is in the city 's Little Havana , and not surprisingly , Guillen 's words ignited a powder keg of emotion and anger from Cuban-Americans . Since then , Guillen apologized and received his punishment -- suspension from five games . And to many , that 's that . After all , some say , Guillen , legendary for inserting his foot in his mouth , was simply mouthing off . ESPN 's Michael Baumann put it this way : "  I ca n't believe anyone cares what Ozzie Guillen thinks about a foreign dictator . Baseball should not want to be in a place where it restricts political speech . " Guillen joins a long line of people in powerful positions in sports saying offensive things ; salty-tongued Marge Schott , former owner of the Cincinnati Reds , went so far as to praise Hitler . But to dismiss Guillen 's words as inconsequential , so absurd as to not warrant serious analysis , is to ignore the depth and passion of Cubans who live in this country not as immigrants but as exiles . Cuban-Americans were kicked out of Cuba by a hateful despot . As such , their view of Castro is imbued by violent , tragic experience and memory , and by a profound appreciation for the freedoms they now enjoy in the United States . That a public figure in sports claimed respect -- even love -- for Castro is despicable . There have been calls for Guillen 's resignation , threats of boycotts of all Marlins games and constant coverage in Miami of the firestorm that appears only to have increased since Guillen fumbled out an apology , blaming his statement on a miscommunication because of his poor English . Amid the furor , some major leaguers refrained from any comment , for fear of repercussions in Cuba . Braves pitcher Livan Hernandez , who defected from Cuba 17 years ago , did n't want to risk expressing an opinion , so strong is his fear of Castro . "  I do not talk about politics , " Hernandez said . "  I still have family down there . " Dan Le Batard , a journalist for The Miami Herald , explained , "  Without getting into comparison shopping on atrocities ... for Cuban-Americans , he 's our Hitler . " Older Cubans still recount with great pain their memories of Castro 's infamous "  paredons , " or firing squads , to which he summarily subjected thousands of his enemies at the beginning of his revolution . As Amnesty International 's reports document , the terror , torture and repression that Cubans continue to experience under Castro 's brutal regime seem boundless . Activists against the regime are held for days in detention centers subject to "  interrogations , intimidation , and threats . Beatings during detention have also been reported . " Dr. Bernie Fernandez , a renowned Cuban-American doctor in Miami and CEO of the Cleveland Clinic Florida , recalled that when he was 5 and living in Cuba , his father Bernardo , a doctor , became disillusioned with the Castro regime and sought permission to emigrate . This sole act was considered treason , and he was summarily sent to a forced labor camp indefinitely . The Cuban police took an inventory of the family 's possessions -- thereby taking ownership of them on paper -- and Bernie and his mom and sister were forced to survive on their own . Seven years later Bernardo was released . In 1973 , when Bernie was 12 , Castro 's police conducted another inventory to seize their possessions before letting them leave Cuba . Bernie Fernandez chokes up remembering how he boarded the plane in a shirt and pants cut out from a sack of potatoes . The family arrived in Spain , penniless . Fernandez eventually made it to Miami , where he struggled to learn English and make something of himself . "  Our experience , " he says now , "  was mild compared to millions of other Cuban-Americans . " Guillen 's insensitive comments and the subsequent explosive reaction from Cuban-Americans have exposed a raw , painful vein in the U.S. Hispanic experience . And such a vein should not be dismissed or ignored . When Schott spewed her racist comments , she was suspended for two seasons and ultimately forced to sell the Cincinnati Reds . She will be remembered as a bigoted anti-Semite . In that light , Guillen 's five-game suspension hardly seems just . Castro is not Hitler , but Le Batard 's claim that Castro is "  our Hitler " -- a sentiment echoed by many exiles -- points unavoidably to the fact that the way Cuban-Americans feel about Castro is a lot like the way Jews feel about Hitler . And it also points to the woeful lack of understanding on the part of most Americans -- those who would dismiss Guillen 's words and Cuban exiles ' reaction to them as irrelevant -- about the Cuban-American experience , versus the understanding that Americans have of the Jewish experience . Indeed , if Guillen had expressed his love and respect for Hitler instead of Castro , his punishment would have been immediate and severe -- and no one would be dismissing his statement as irrelevant . Guillen 's words were an insult to all freedom-loving Americans , not just Cuban-Americans . And to those who would say otherwise , I would respond that there needs to be a wake-up call to the tragedy and pain of the Cuban exile experience . Such a wake-up call will bring a greater understanding of what it means to be Cuban-American and what it means to be American -- and a much-needed appreciation for the freedoms we often take for granted in this country . Freedoms that Guillen 's beloved Castro ripped so viciously away from his countrymen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Garcia .	Marlins manager Ozzie Guillen apologized for comments admiring Fidel Castro Charles Garcia said some dismissed the controversy and said suspension was too harsh He says America needs a wake-up call about repression , brutality Cuban exiles suffered
CNN  -- Australia 's reputation as the happy-go-lucky country was turned on its head in the late 1990s as the usually safe streets of the Victorian capital were transformed into a gangland war zone . Police investigate the scene where Des Tuppence Moran was killed in Melbourne in June 2009 . Melbourne 's "  underbelly " of organized crime suddenly became public . Men hungry for easy money , power and control of the state 's lucrative illegal amphetamines trade were prepared to do whatever it took to be the boss of the underworld . Violence erupted between two families -- the Morans and the Williams . Police say both had trafficked drugs in Melbourne for years and for a while had been associates . But as public demand for amphetamines grew , the rivalry increased with both camps desperate to secure the market . On one side was the Moran family -- brothers Jason and Mark , father Lewis and matriarch Judy Moran . The brothers were notorious for their short tempers and relied on violence to achieve what they wanted . On the other was Carl Williams and his crew . He began as a small-time drug dealer but would become Australia 's most notorious serial killer . Watch how a feud between two families has spawned a TV miniseries " His lieutenant was Andrew "  Benji " Veniamin -- a tattooed former kick boxer who would become Williams ' main hit man -- but eventually became a victim of the gang wars himself . The feud began on October 13 , 1999 , on Carl Williams ' 29th birthday . The Moran brothers accused Williams of undercutting them , by selling cheap pills on the street . They allegedly shot Williams in the stomach . But this did n't frighten him . Instead , Williams planned his revenge , sparking a public underworld war that would leave police , the legal system and politicians struggling to cope . Eight months later , Mark Moran was gunned down outside his home while he put out the rubbish . Then in 2003 , in the most horrific of all the gangland murders , Jason Moran and his associate Pasquale Barboro were gunned down in the front seats of a van in the car park at a children 's football game . Five children were sitting in the back seats . Witnesses described the shooting as disgusting and callous . At Jason 's funeral , his mother made a graveside threat . Leaning over the coffin , Judy Moran said "  all will be dealt with my darling . " But it did n't end there . A year later , Judy 's husband was murdered . Crime patriarch Lewis Moran , who was facing drug charges , was shot dead while drinking at his local pub . Victoria Police Commissioner Simon Overland said "  regardless of anyone 's circumstance in life no one deserves to die in this fashion . It 's outrageous this is happening in Melbourne . " But it was n't just the Moran family that was wiped out . Over the course of nine years , 30 people were killed in this high-profile turf war . Matriarch Judy Moran expressed her sorrow and loss : "  I 've lost 3 members of my family , lots of close friends and I feel for their families as well . " Williams was now in control of Melbourne 's illegal drug trade . He had amassed millions of dollars , power and a reputation -- and believed he was untouchable . He referred to himself as "  The Premier " because , as he told the Australian newspaper The Age , "  I run this f -- ing state . " But the law would finally catch up with Carl Williams . Victoria 's Purana police task force had spent years investigating the drug kingpin and they finally had enough evidence to arrest Williams , charging him with multiple murders . In 2007 , he pleaded guilty to four of them , including the murders of Mark and Lewis Moran . Police say Williams was connected to at least 10 underworld murders and would have kept killing if he had not finally been jailed . He is serving a more than 30-year prison sentence . The war inspired a smash hit television series in Australia called "  Underbelly . " However , when it was released at the beginning of last year , the 13 episode mini-series was banned from being shown in Melbourne because of the possible impact it would have on related criminal trials . It aired in Victoria once the trials were completed . Just when police thought the underworld killings were over , another member of the Moran family was shot dead in June . But in a surprising twist , this was not a gangland hit -- apparently the enemy was from within . Family matriarch Judy Moran was arrested as an accessory to the murder of her brother-in-law , Des Tuppence Moran . Police say she has had no comment about the charges . Police claim there was bad blood over money , but it marks the end of one of Australia 's best-known criminal dynasties . "  Fact is almost stranger than fiction with what we 've seen " said Victoria Police Commissioner Overland . "  If you were a scriptwriter and sat down and wrote this stuff you 'd probably say : ` Look , no , it 's a bit far fetched . No one will believe it . ' "	War erupts between two families -- the Morans , Williams -- over drug trade One man shot in van with kids , another while taking out garbage Thirty people killed in the high profile turf war War inspires smash hit television series called "  Underbelly "
CNN  -- A Black Hawk helicopter crashed Thursday in southern Afghanistan , likely killing all four of its crew members -- all of them Americans -- a U.S. military official said . The crash occurred in bad weather , though the official said , "  We can not yet rule out enemy action . " Troops at a combat outpost in the area waiting to be picked up saw the crash happen , the official said . Another helicopter flying nearby was not affected . Fatal helicopter crashes involving members of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force are not unprecedented in Afghanistan , with some of the aircraft brought down by enemy fire while others crashed for mechanical reasons . The single deadliest loss for U.S. troops since the Afghan war began in late 2001 happened in August , when 30 U.S. service members died when a helicopter carrying them went down while they were reinforcing other troops , officials said . Seven Afghan troops died in that same crash . A U.S. military official said then that insurgents were believed to have shot down the CH-47 Chinook . The Taliban claimed that militants downed the helicopter with a rocket-propelled grenade . More recently , 12 people died last month when a helicopter crashed last month in Afghanistan 's capital city of Kabul . Capt. David Yaryar , an ISAF spokesman , said there was no reported "  insurgent activity in the area " at the time .	A Black Hawk helicopter crashes in Afghanistan , a U.S. military official says All four of its crew members -- all of them American -- are believed to be dead Troops waiting to be picked up saw the aircraft go down , the official says
CNN  -- A former security guard told CNN on Monday that he was unjustly fired after he took pictures of President Barack Obama 's motorcade during a visit to Atlanta in September . Kenneth Tate worked for a private security firm when President Obama visited the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on September 16 . He told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin in an exclusive television interview that he stuck to his assigned duties and tried to take photos after he was done escorting President Obama . Members of Congress were upset when the media reported last month that Tate had a .40 - caliber handgun while in an elevator with the President . That report , coupled with news of an incident in which a man jumped a fence and made it into the White House , led to the resignation of Secret Service Director Julia Pierson . Tate said he was issued a weapon by his security firm on the morning of the President 's visit , but no one told him it was a violation of Secret Service protocol for him to carry a gun , he said . Tate 's lawyer , Christopher Chestnut , said his client was fired unjustly for leaving his post . "  He should never have lost his job for doing what he was supposed to do , " Chestnut said . He added that Tate is not a felon , contrary to prior media reports . Tate said he was supposed to take the President to two different floors of one of the CDC buildings . "  Those tasks I carried out , " he told CNN . He said he also was asked to escort some Secret Service agents to the roof and other locations A federal official with knowledge of the investigation into the case said Tate was supposed to stay on the elevator and left to take pictures . The CDC asked for him to be reassigned for violating his post order , the official said . Chestnut disagreed with the assertion that Tate violated his duties . "  There was no assigned post . His post was for the entire building , " the attorney told CNN . The fired worker told Baldwin he only took photos when the detail was over and did not take any images while on the elevator , as had been reported . The New York Times , which also interviewed Tate , reported that when he took pictures of the President 's limousine , the Secret Service became upset . So did his bosses , Tate told the Times . They spoke with him to the side and then the Secret Service took him into a conference room . "  I was upset . I 'm nervous because I 'm like , I do n't understand what 's going on , " he told the Times , explaining to the newspaper that he had taken pictures of dignitaries before . He said he deleted the photos and CDC officials took his badge . It had been a great day up to then , Tate told CNN . Like the President , he is from Chicago and he had been very proud to work on Obama 's detail . They even shook hands when the President , his aides and their Secret Service detail got on the elevator . Chestnut would n't be specific about what legal action they plan to pursue , saying only , "  We anticipate seeking justice for Mr. Tate . " The CDC did n't comment . CNN also reached out to Professional Security Corporation , the security company that employed Tate , but did n't hear immediately back . Secret Service director testimony omits elevator incident with Obama at CDC CNN 's Vishal Mapara and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Fired security guard tells CNN he stuck to his assigned duties Kenneth Tate only went to take pictures when the detail was over , he says Federal official says CDC asked for Tate to be reassigned Tate says he carried a handgun that he was given , never took photos of President on elevator
CNN  -- Colin Powell stirred up the Republican Party 's very public internal debate about the direction of the party and asserted it 's losing because it does n't appeal to moderates like him . The Republican Party is losing "  men , woman , white , blacks and Hispanics , " says Colin Powell . Two Republican leaders questioned Powell 's GOP credentials . Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh said Powell should leave the party . Former Vice President Dick Cheney said he thought he already had . Powell says he 's still very much a Republican and said the party would be better off to include more moderates like him . "  The Republican Party is losing north , south , east , west ; men , woman , white , blacks and Hispanics , " Powell said in an interview with CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " "  I think the Republican Party has to take a hard look at itself and decide : What kind of party are we ? " As it has squabbled within the family , the party has wandered . Most analysts say it will get back on the right track when its next leaders emerge . Is Powell emerging as a voice of the moderates in the party ? "  A spokesman is good , " said Bill Schneider , CNN senior political analyst . "  A candidate would be better . " Watch what CNN 's Bill Schneider has to say about the debate " The Republicans ' family argument started shortly after the Democrats won the White House and added to their control of Congress . Conservatives blame moderates for the losses , saying the party did n't present a contrast with Democrats and the only way for it to be successful is to lean harder to the right . Limbaugh and Cheney emerged from the leadership vacuum -- Limbaugh from his legions of listeners and Cheney in his emergent role as the sole defender of the Bush White House . Powell provoked Limbaugh when he suggested the GOP 's future was in peril if it went in the Limbaugh 's direction . Limbaugh responded that Powell is part of the "  stale , the old , the worn-out GOP that never won anything . " Powell says the right has alienated undecided and independent voters and the only way for the GOP to return to power is to expand its narrow base . The former Pentagon commander of the 1991 Persian Gulf war has for the most part stayed out of politics since resigning as President 's Bush 's secretary of state in Bush 's first term . Among Republicans , Powell , Cheney and Limbaugh are equally revered with favorability ratings in the 60s , according to a new CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll . But among all voters questioned , Powell has a favorability rate of 70 percent compared to 30 percent for Limbaugh . A poll a week ago found that Cheney had a favorability rate of 37 percent . "  Colin Powell is not the guy you want to pick a fight with , " Schneider said . "  He 's more popular than Dick Cheney and Rush Limbaugh combined . Between the two polls , Limbaugh 's unfavorable rating among all respondents was 53 percent and Cheney 's 55 percent . Former Homeland Security secretary Tom Ridge , another moderate , sided with Powell in an interview with with CNN 's John King on "  State of the Union " on Sunday . The former Pennsylvania governor said the different wings of the party need to listen to each other and differences of opinions need to be less divisive . "  Rush Limbaugh has an audience of 20 million people . A lot of people listen daily to him and live by every word . But words mean things and how you use words is very important , " Ridge said . "  It does get the base all fired up and he 's got a strong following , " Ridge continued . "  But personally , if he would listen to me and I doubt if he would , the notion is express yourself but let 's respect others opinions and let 's not be divisive . " Ridge , who ruled out a Senate bid earlier this month , also called for an end to personal attacks . "  Let 's lead our party based on some principles that have been very much a part of who we are for decades . And let 's be less shrill ... and particularly , let 's not attack other individuals . Let 's attack their ideas , " said Ridge . Republican strategist and CNN contributor Mary Matalin challenged what she called the "  liberal-lite " wing of the party and said Republicans win when they run on their conservative convictions . When -LSB- Powell -RSB- supports Barack Obama , one presumes he 's supporting those principles and policies , " Matalin said . "  Those are liberal principles and they spawn liberal policies . The road forward for Republicans is not to be ` liberal-lite , ' " said Matalin . "  This debate is a long one and it always is taking place vigorously when we change through any new paradigm . What is the scope and the role of a government in a free state ? Those are big principles , big ideas , and that 's how we should go forward . And anybody who agrees with those ideas should be in the party . If you do n't agree with those ideas , you can be in the other party , " she said . On another talk show , former George W. Bush adviser Karl Rove , who served with Powell and Cheney in the White House , took Limbaugh 's side , saying he would choose the radio host over the former secretary of state if he "  had to pick between the two , " in an interview on "  Fox News Sunday . "	Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh said Powell should leave GOP Former Vice President Dick Cheney said he thought he already had GOP "  losing north , south , east , west , " says Powell Karl Rove says he would choose Rush Limbaugh over Colin Powell
CNN  -- Four days of heavy rains triggered a landslide that killed 12 children and eight adults near Mount Kilimanjaro in northern Tanzania , authorities said Friday . Five of the children were under six , said Suzan Kaganda , a police department spokeswoman . The death toll could go up as rescue crews search the area for people reported missing , Kaganda said . Most victims of the late Tuesday landslide live in the Kilimanjaro region near the mountain by the same name , Kaganda said . The mountain is the highest peak in Africa and is a major tourist attraction . U.N. officials warned last month that east Africa is facing mudslides , crop destruction and waterborne diseases as a result of heavy downpour triggered by El Nino weather patterns . Most east African countries have been water-starved in the past few years , exacerbating the results of floods , because a lot of greenery disappeared in the drought .	Most victims of the landslide live in the Kilimanjaro region near the mountain by the same name U.N. warned east Africa is facing mudslides , crop destruction and waterborne diseases related to El Nino weather patterns The mountain is the highest peak in Africa and is a major tourist attraction
CNN  -- Mark Cavendish finally had reason to smile at the Tour de France , winning the 13th stage to make up ground on Peter Sagan in the race for the green jersey . But Cavendish 's fellow Brit , Chris Froome , did n't have as good of a day since main rival Alberto Contador cut into his overall lead . "  It was a difficult stage , it was a nervous stage , but finally I 'm so excited to win , " said Cavendish . "  It 's been a difficult few days and it 's nice to be on the podium again . " Cavendish , who won his second stage this year and 25th all time , became embroiled in controversy Tuesday when he collided with Tom Veelers as part of a sprint finish . Although he was cleared by race officials , Veelers heavily criticized Cavendish and called for him to be thrown out of cycling 's most prestigious race . Cavendish was then sprayed with urine by a fan as the difficult days continued and edged by Marcel Kittel on Thursday in another sprint finish after seemingly looking in control . On Friday , though , Cavendish cruised past Sagan at the finish line . He was part of a group of racers who broke away from the pack -- Contador included -- with about 18 miles of the relatively flat 107-mile stage remaining . Cavendish said his Omega Pharma-Quick Step teammates carried him throughout the stage . "  They gave everything for me yesterday and I let them down , " said Cavendish , now 84 points behind Cannondale 's Sagan . "  Today I just sat there while eight guys rode until their legs fell off . "  I did n't really do anything today . I just crossed the finish line first . In the end it was just Sagan and myself . I was really happy to beat him . " Team Sky was unable to keep pace with the breakaway pack as crosswinds became a factor , leaving Froome behind two-time race winner Contador . Froome did n't benefit from the support of Edvald Boasson Hagen , who was ruled out of the Tour after breaking his shoulder Thursday . "  I desperately wanted to get on to the Contador move but I was sitting a little too far back , " said Froome . "  I was just behind Cav 's wheel when he sprinted across . "  I think he was the last guy to get across and again it 's another reminder that this race is 100 percent open and that there is still everything to race for . " His lead of three minutes , 25 seconds shrunk , although it was n't Alejandro Valverde in second . The Movistar rider slipped to 16th overall when he collided with another racer and damaged a wheel . Dutchman Bauke Mollema moved into second , 2:28 behind Froome , and Saxo-Tinkoff 's Contador shaved a minute off Froome 's advantage to pull to within 2:45 . "  I knew I had a really good buffer already -- almost four minutes on Contador , " said Froome . "  And okay , I worked really hard to get that time gap but you ca n't win them all . "  It was a really tough day . I do n't think anyone was expecting it to be this hard . "  On paper it was a flat day and it should have been a bunch sprint but with those crosswinds it definitely made the race a lot more exciting . "	Mark Cavendish wins the 13th stage of the Tour de France for his 25th stage victory Cavendish gains ground on Peter Sagan in the points race for the green jersey Chris Froome retains the overall lead but rival Alberto Contador makes up ground
CNN  -- Looking for an affordable last-minute getaway ? JetBlue Airways is celebrating its 10th birthday with a $ 10 one-day fare sale Monday on flights from New York to the airline 's original 10 destinations . Travel must be booked on JetBlue 's Web site by 11:59 p.m. CST Monday for travel on Tuesday or Wednesday , March 9 or 10 . Flights included in JetBlue 's "  Thank You fare " promotion go from the airline 's home base at New York 's John F. Kennedy International airport to Fort Lauderdale , Tampa , Orlando , West Palm Beach and Fort Myers , Florida ; Buffalo and Rochester , New York ; Oakland , California ; Burlington , Vermont ; and Salt Lake City , Utah . The airline plans to roll out a series of monthly deals to mark the beginning of its second decade , a JetBlue announcement said . On Wednesday , JetBlue will announce giveaways for New York-based customers on Twitter , the announcement said . "  We are excited to kick things off in our own backyard with these $ 10 fares and Wednesday 's giveaway in New York , " said Robin Hayes , the airline 's chief commercial officer , in a statement .	JetBlue Airways celebrating 10th birthday with one-day sale $ 10 fares offered on remaining seats from JFK to airline 's original 10 destinations Sale ends Monday for travel Tuesday or Wednesday , March 9 or 10
Bucharest , Romania  CNN  -- Romania 's deputy health minister , whose resignation last week triggered ongoing protests across the nation , was reappointed to his post on Tuesday after meeting with the prime minister . Raed Arafat said Tuesday he had withdrawn his resignation , adding that President Traian Basescu called him over the weekend to discuss the matter . Protests broke out last Thursday after Arafat , an opponent of health care changes proposed by the government , resigned . Arafat gained popularity after creating what many Romanians see as an efficient medical emergency system . Facing public pressure , Basescu decided to scrap the changes Friday , saying he made the decision after realizing that a majority of those in the medical system opposed the measure . Critics had argued that the proposal favored the private health care system by allowing it access to government funds while the state-funded system lacks financial aid . Arafat said Tuesday he withdrew his resignation because the changes were scrapped . He said he will now focus on creating a new health care bill that does not compromise the nation 's health care system , especially the emergency system . Protests , however , continued on Monday , as thousands took to the streets nationwide to demonstrate against government austerity measures , calling for Basescu 's resignation and early elections . However , officials said there was no violence on Monday . Protests took place under the supervision of thousands of police , and there were arrests for disturbing the peace and criminal acts , officials said . On Sunday , authorities used tear gas on demonstrators . The demonstrations are the most serious since Basescu 's election in 2004 . Banks , shops and bus stations in the capital have been vandalized , said Bucharest Mayor Sorin Oprescu . The protesters blocked traffic over the weekend , waving flags with the centers ripped out to symbolize the 1989 revolution . Others carried signs reading "  Liberty " and "  Down with President Basescu . " A special parliamentary session is expected this week on the events . Opposition leaders said Monday a new series of protests is planned . The group disagrees with the government 's response to the citizen demonstrations , said Crin Antonescu , liberal opposition leader . "  The National Liberal Party asks the prime minister and his cabinet to resign immediately because they could n't manage the violent protests held over the last couple of days in Bucharest , " Antonescu said Monday . Government officials have called on opposition leaders to meet with them in the next few days . The protests also follow several unpopular measures taken by the government over the past two years . After receiving a loan of 20 billion euros from the International Monetary Fund and the European Union in 2009 , the government cut salaries in the public sector by 25 % a year later to enforce austerity measures recommended by the IMF . Prime Minister Emil Boc invited trade unions and employers to meet Tuesday on the labor code , but the labor unions refused to participate . After meeting with employers , Boc said the government is focused on creating new jobs for Romanians and providing financial support to those wishing to start businesses .	Raed Arafat withdraws his resignation after meeting , speaking with officials Protests continue across Romania on Monday , with thousands taking to the streets Demonstrators are protesting against government austerity measures
CNN  -- Everyone aboard US Airways Flight 1549 survived when the plane crash-landed into the Hudson River , and that may be due as much to diligent rescue training as luck . Passengers and crew line up outside the plane as boats move in to rescue them . The Coast Guard rescuers who quickly got to the scene and many of the ferries and boats that first responded train for water rescues . "  We , the Coast Guard , we do train for these type of events and these type of situations , scenarios , and one thing we do try to do is try to coordinate with our other maritime agency partners -LSB- so -RSB- that incidents like this go off without a hitch or as safely as possible , " said Coast Guard Lt. C.K. Moore , who helped coordinate the response . Within minutes of the plane crash-landing into the water , the aircraft was surrounded by ferry boats that had been making their regularly scheduled trips across the Hudson and other boats coordinated by , and including , the Coast Guard . The passengers had begun exiting the plane -- getting into rafts or standing on the wings . But as more people began to exit , the plane started to become submerged and passengers ' feet started getting cold . See photos of the crash and rescue The quick response may have helped save the lives of passengers , who if not for the rescuers may have been subjected to the frigid Hudson water . It 's one of the things Moore said the Coast Guard focuses on during water rescues , especially in the winter . After only three minutes in cold water , people can lose the use of their arms and legs , according to the Oregon State Marine Board . At the time of the crash it was 21 degrees outside , the water temperature in the Hudson was 32.5 degrees and winds were blowing at 15 mph . Oregon State Marine Board : Surviving cold water immersion Thankfully for passengers , ferry captains like Brittany Catanzaro came quickly to their rescue . Watch passengers describe what happened " She was at the helm of a New York Waterway ferry during a normal commute across the river when she looked to her right and saw a plane in the water . "  I had to do a double-take , " she said . But Catanzaro knew exactly what to do . She said she and her crew train each month for water rescues . "  We have to do man overboard , and we 're constantly drilling . Constantly , " she said . "  And when something comes , you already know how to take effect and how to put everything together , so it just went very smoothly . " Catanzaro immediately told her crew to get life jackets on , take extras to throw in the water , and prepare a cradle to help bring passengers onto the boat . The boat was the second on the scene . "  When I got there , my crew went to work and started pulling out people , " she said . "  Some people were sighing with relief , some people were crying . It was nerve-wracking . " In all , Catanzaro 's crew helped bring 24 people aboard . "  I was telling my crew , even if we pulled out one person , that was one more person we saved , " she said . "  And to pull out 24 people , that 's 24 people . " The Coast Guard was able to pluck at least 35 people from the water and wing of the plane . Catanzaro 's crew and the Coast Guard were able to take nearly half the plane 's passengers out of the Hudson . That 's a credit to their training , Moore said , which is done exactly for this scenario . "  We do train with each other from time to time to understand what each other can bring to the table when it comes to -- to search and rescue , " he said . "  This is one of the situations where this has come to fruition , and it 's a great -- it 's a great thing to see it happen like this . "	Coast Guard , ferry training enable quick response , rescue Ferry captain says they drill each month for man overboard scenarios Boats help pluck passengers off wings , out of the water Coast Guard lieutenant : "  It 's a great thing to see it happen like this "
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Thousands of apparel workers clashed with police in Bangladesh , demanding higher pay on Monday , police and officials said . The workers are demanding a minimum monthly pay of $ 104 revising the present $ 38 a month . Police said violence mostly erupted in Gazipur and Savar , on the outskirts of capital Dhaka , where there are hundreds of apparel factories producing clothes for leading global brands from Europe and America . The workers fought pitched battles with police and set fire to vehicles and part of some apparel factories in Gazipur , forcing the owners to shut down all factories in Gazipur district and its adjoining areas . Factories face inspections after safety deal Several thousand workers also took to the streets in capital Dhaka , but they were dispersed by police and did not appear to commit any violence . A cabinet minister Shahjahan Khan after a meeting with the factory owners and representatives of the workers called for calm and asked the workers to return to work . 16 days buried in the rubble Khan himself led a huge rally of the apparel workers in the capital on Saturday , demanding $ 104 as minimum monthly wage for the workers . The recent unrest began Saturday when workers were denied leave from the factories to join Khan 's rally . Inside a Bangladesh garment factory Khan , however , at a news briefing on Monday said the unrest might be linked to outsider involvement , but did not give any details . "  Additional forces will be deployed to maintain law and order in the industrial districts , " said Khan , also a transport labor leader . Promise of a new start after recovery efforts in building collapse The government recently constituted a wage board for fixing minimum wages for apparel workers , but the board was yet to come to a final decision , while the owners offered a 20 % rise . Bangladesh earns about $ 20 billion a year , 80 % of the total export , by selling clothes to European and American brands . In April 2013 , over 1,100 people were killed when an eight-story apparel factory building caved in and collapsed in Savar . In November 2012 , a fire at an apparel factory in Savar killed 112 people . Opinion : The bloodshed behind our cheap clothes	Bangladesh apparel workers clash with police on outskirts of Dhaka Workers fought pitched battles with police ; set fire to vehicles , buildings Cabinet minister calls for calm
CNN  -- From an explosion of social games and iPhone apps to the rise of motion controls , cloud computing and retro revivals , 2010 has been a year of surprises and revelations for gaming enthusiasts . But it 's also been a generous one to PC and home console owners , with dozens of gob-smacking titles available for almost every system . Between the launch of long-awaited epics such as "  Gran Turismo 5 " and "  BioShock 2 , " and the return of heavyweights such as "  NBA Jam " and "  GoldenEye 007 , " choosing the year 's top 10 titles is a Herculean task . It 's doubly so when you consider how subjective every player 's list is , with one man 's "  World of Warcraft : Cataclysm " another 's "  Fallout : New Vegas . " That said , here are the 10 games that most captured my attention this year , whether through technical innovation or sheer thumb-waggling goodness . Which ones make your own personal best list ? Be sure to write in and let us know in the comments section below . 1 . "  Heavy Rain "  Sony , PlayStation 3  -- An interactive thriller that raises the bar for adventure gaming by injecting genuine choice and emotion into its suspenseful nonlinear narrative . It features storytelling that 's every bit as gripping and cinematic as anything Hollywood produces . 2 . "  Red Dead Redemption "  Rockstar Games , PlayStation 3/Xbox 360  -- The game industry 's equivalent of a Spaghetti Western , this sprawling open-world tale of outlaw justice wows with its atmospheric setting , wealth of play styles and gritty take on gunslinger culture . 3 . "  Super Mario Galaxy 2 "  Nintendo , Wii  -- The cartoon Italian stallion rides high again , bounding about 3-D candy-colored worlds collecting coins , swiping power-ups and using dinosaur pal Yoshi 's prehensile tongue to battle enemies . This is his best platform-hopping escapade since "  Super Mario 64 . " 4 . "  Mass Effect 2 "  Electronic Arts , PC/Xbox 360  -- An entire galaxy 's worth of colorful characters , clever dialogue and gripping plotlines await in this futuristic role-playing odyssey , whose tale skillfully straddles the line between detailed stat-crunching and action-packed gunplay . 5 . "  Rock Band 3 "  MTV Games , PlayStation 3/Xbox 360/Wii  -- A high note for even the critically acclaimed music game franchise , this installment outdoes itself by introducing keyboards , more realistic instrument play and countless ways to live out your MTV fantasies . 6 . "  Call of Duty : Black Ops "  Activision , PC/PlayStation 3/Xbox 360/Wii  -- Rewinds the best-selling first-person shooter series to the Cold War era , ratchets up the pyrotechnics and , most importantly , offers months of trigger-mashing replay value by providing millions of willing online victims . 7 . "  FIFA 11 "  EA Sports , PC/PlayStation 2/PlayStation3/PSP / Xbox 360  -- Brings home the virtual World Cup with its lifelike athletes , simple yet deep design mechanics and spirited online play , making it a fast , fun and surprisingly accessible choice , however comfortable you are in cleats . 8 . "  God of War 3 "  Sony , PlayStation 3  -- Say what you will about its bucketfuls of blood , histrionic rage and penchant for melodrama , but this gory Greek tragedy delivers some of the most brutal button-mashing mayhem ever seen on home consoles . 9 . "  StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty "  Blizzard , PC  -- Roughly 12 years in the making and so big it had to be split into three parts , this futuristic real-time strategy epic stunned critics by actually living up to the hype . In an age of kinder , gentler social and casual titles , it also underscored hardcore PC gaming 's continued relevance and appeal . 10 . "  Halo : Reach "  Microsoft , Xbox 360  -- Despite sticking to the by-now-familiar sci-fi run-n-gun formula , this sequel offered massive , multitiered stages and a raft of endlessly entertaining online multiplayer modes to ensure you 'll be ventilating squealing aliens well into 2011 .	CNN gaming contributor Scott Steinberg offers his favorite video games of the year "  Rock Band 3 " introduces keyboards and more realistic instrument play "  Halo : Reach " has a raft of endlessly entertaining online multiplayer modes "  FIFA 11 " brings the World Cup to life for soccer fans , he says
CNN  President Barack Obama said Saturday that he learned Hillary Clinton exclusively used a private email account for government business "  through news reports " and was glad his former secretary of state asked for those emails to be made public . "  The policy of my administration is to encourage transparency , which is why my emails , the BlackBerry I carry around , all those records are available and archived , " Obama said in an interview with CBS News . "  I 'm glad that Hillary 's instructed that those emails about official business need to be disclosed . " Clinton used a private email account -- housed in servers at her New York home -- for the four years she served as America 's top diplomat , a practice that skirted legal standards in place and has some Republicans calling for investigations . On Wednesday night , the former secretary of state tweeted that she "  asked State to release " her email , a request accepted by the department . Obama backed Clinton 's request , telling CBS that he thinks "  the fact that she is putting them forward will allow us to make sure that people have the information they need . " While Obama commented on the issue Saturday , Clinton did n't mention it during an 18-minute appearance on stage at a Clinton Global Initiative event at the University of Miami . Clinton took no questions from reporters at the event . Instead , Clinton 's remarks to about 1,000 students focused on the foundation 's work , including a new report she will roll out Monday about the underrepresentation of women and girls . "  There 's so much that needs to be done , " Clinton said on the issue of equaling the playing field for women and girls . As she regularly does , Clinton said there is "  a lot of unfinished business " to do on the issue . Obama sat down with CBS after the president spoke at the 50th anniversary of the "  Bloody Sunday " marches in Selma , Alabama . "  If Selma taught us anything , it 's that our work is never done , " the President said while standing near the Edmund Pettus Bridge , the symbol of the Selma marches . "  Fifty years from Bloody Sunday , our march is not yet finished , but we 're getting closer . " Clinton did not go to Selma , instead opting to attend her Clinton Foundation event in Florida . "  Watched @repjohnlewis & @BarackObama in #Selma , " she tweeted . "  Let 's answer their call to keep fighting for voting rights , civil rights , & human rights . " Clinton mentioned the anniversary on stage , tying the marches and event into her work toward leveling the playing field for women and girls . "  You can see how progress is made by looking at what happened this weekend in Selma , Alabama , where our country is marking a historic anniversary of the long march towards equality and a more perfect union , and also recommitting to carry the cause forward into the 21st century , " Clinton said . "  So whether it 's women 's rights or human rights , civil rights or LGBT rights , we 're counting on all of you to lead the way , and that 's what the no-ceilings initiative at the Clinton Foundation is really all about . "	President pleased Hillary Clinton emails will become part of public record Clinton attends Clinton Foundation event , promotes opportunities for women , girl
CNN  -- A newly discovered version of recordings made aboard Air Force One in the wake of President John F. Kennedy 's assassination is being offered for sale at $ 500,000 , the dealer selling the tape said Tuesday . This version has never before been heard by the public , Raab Collection Vice President Nathan Raab told CNN . "  It 's exciting when you find something that 's not only an antique but contributes to the historical record , " Raab said . The Raab Collection , a historic documents dealer in Philadelphia , said in a statement the recording is more than 30 minutes longer than the version at the National Archives and contains the names of people never before heard from in the aftermath of Kennedy 's assassination on November 22 , 1963 . The Raab Collection is selling the reel-to-reel recording for $ 500,000 , but is providing a digital file at no cost to the National Archives and the John F. Kennedy Library in Boston . The tape was purchased by the Raab Collection in the public sale of the estate of Army Gen. Chester "  Ted " Clifton , Jr. , who served as the senior military aide to Kennedy and then to President Lyndon B. Johnson . An image of the label on the tape 's box , shown on the Raab Collection website , says "  Radio Traffic involving AF-1 in flight from Dallas , Texas to Andrews AFB on November 22 , 1963 . " "  For General Clifton , " the label says . It says it was made by the White House Communications Agency . At the time it was purchased , it was just a tape in a box , Nathan Raab said , but employees felt there was something more to it . They had the tape digitized and analyzed and compared it to transcripts from the time of assassination . "  This is a subject that has been extensively studied and there 's no shortage of information on this tape , " Raab said . A comparison of published works about the day of the assassination and previously known audio recordings from that day helped the company determine the true identity of the recording .	Kennedy was shot and killed as he rode in a motorcade in Dallas The new version of the recording is 30 minutes longer than a previous version Raab says it contributes to the historical record of that day
New York  CNN  -- No "  potential human remains " have been found in the Manhattan location where a 9/11 aircraft part was recently discovered , New York 's chief medical examiner said Wednesday . The announcement followed an inspection at 51 Park Place , where a piece of one of the planes in the September 11 , 2001 , terror attack was found Friday . It was removed Wednesday . The piece was wedged in an 18-inch space behind the building , the site of the controversial Islamic community center known by its critics as the "  ground zero mosque . " The office said soil-sifting operations have been completed at the site , where the 5-foot-long , 4-foot-wide , and 17-inch-deep part was found . A Boeing Company technician confirmed that the piece is a support structure from a trailing edge flap on the wing of a Boeing 767 like the ones that were flown into the World Trade Center . Police officers hoisted the 255-pound piece out of the location with a pulley and loaded it onto a truck bound for a police property facility in Brooklyn . One police official described the mood at the scene as "  eerie . " Some of the personnel there responded to the attack . "  It 's a piece of history and we tried to preserve it as best we could , " said Police Deputy Chief William Aubry . "  It brought back a lot of memories . "	A Boeing Company technician confirms the piece is from a Boeing 767 It was found behind the site of a controversial Muslim community center The piece was taken to a property facility in Brooklyn
CNN  -- Nestle is suspending deliveries of all its products that include beef from a German supplier because "  traces of horse DNA " were found in the meat , the Swiss-based food giant said on its website Monday . Nestle also is recalling two chilled pasta products , Buitoni Beef Ravioli and Beef Tortellini , from store shelves in Italy and Spain , the news release said . A lasagna product sold to French catering businesses will also be recalled . "  Our tests have found traces of horse DNA in two products made from beef supplied by H.J. Schypke , " the statement said . "  The levels found are above the one percent threshold the UK 's Food Safety Agency uses to indicate likely adulteration or gross negligence . " The company said there are no food safety issues and it had notified the authorities . H.J. Schypke is a subcontractor of JBS Toledo N.V. , a Belgian supplier . Opinion : Scandal shines spotlight on murky horse trade Unauthorized horse meat has been discovered in a variety of products labeled as beef that were sold in supermarkets in countries including Britain , France , Sweden , Switzerland , Germany and Ireland . Also on Monday , the French government lifted a suspension tied to the production of minced meat , sausages and ready-made meals at Spanghero . The French firm will still not be allowed to stock frozen raw meat . Spanghero should have known that the meat it labeled as beef was actually horse , French Consumer Affairs Minister Benoit Hamon has said . Spanghero was the first company to label the meat as beef , the minister said , adding that 750 tons of horse meat were involved over a period of at least six months . Spanghero should have identified the meat as horse from its Romanian customs code , as well as its appearance , smell and price , he said . Horse meat concerns date to February 2012 , officials say A Spanghero representative has told CNN the company had acted in good faith . "  The company has never ordered horse meat , and we never knowingly sold horse meat , " the representative said . The affair has been passed to the Paris prosecutor to be investigated as fraud , Hamon said . The offense is punishable by up to two years in prison and fines of up to    187,500  about $ 250,000  for the companies involved . Meanwhile , UK Environment Secretary Owen Paterson met with representatives of food businesses to talk about the response to the horse meat scandal . "  I welcome the food businesses ' commitment to testing their products . They all assured me that they will not rest until they have established the full picture . There is still much to be done to find out exactly how this happened and how it can be prevented from happening again , and to do everything possible to reassure consumers about the food on our shelves , " he said in a statement after the meeting . Paterson said the representatives "  agreed to do their level best to report back as many testing results as possible " to the Food Standards Agency by Friday . Separately , the agency told CNN that it has no information to suggest donkey meat is in the food chain . The meat industry was first thrust into the spotlight last month when Irish investigators found horse and pig DNA in hamburger products . The discovery of pig DNA in beef products is of particular concern to Jews and Muslims , whose dietary laws forbid the consumption of pork products . Jewish dietary laws also ban the consumption of horse meat . First UK test reveals scope of horse meat contamination CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	NEW : No information to suggest donkey meat is in the food chain , UK food agency says NEW : France partially lifts a suspension on Spanghero Nestle is one of the world 's largest food companies It said it found some horse meat in some of the beef it tested
CNN  -- An Army Green Beret charged with trying to take explosives on an American Airlines flight over the weekend told investigators he did n't realize he had C-4 in his carry-on bag , according to a criminal complaint . Trey Scott Atwater , 30 , waived an initial court hearing Tuesday and remains in jail . He was arrested Saturday after Transportation Security Administration screeners found the explosive material in his bag . According to the complaint , Atwater told the FBI he is a demolitions expert with the Army 's 7th Special Forces Group and had recently returned from his third deployment to Afghanistan . Investigators said Atwater explained it was his practice to carry at least two blocks of C-4 explosives on any operation . He added that when he packed his bags to leave Afghanistan , he brought along the bag in question but "  had no recollection of there being any C-4 , " the court document said . Investigators said Atwater told them he grabbed the bag to use as a carry-on when he traveled to Midland , Texas , for the holidays and put children 's items in it . The Green Beret told authorities he did n't see explosives in the main compartment of the bag and was "  surprised that the C-4 was in the bag when it was located " by TSA screeners at Midland International Airport , according to the complaint . Officials did not disclose the amount of explosives found . The court document says Atwater had another run-in with airport security while leaving Fayetteville , North Carolina , on Christmas Eve en route to Texas when a military smoke grenade was found in his bag . "  The smoke grenade was confiscated , and he was admonished before being allowed to continue on his trip , " according to the criminal complaint . When asked about the earlier incident in Fayetteville , the complaint said , Atwater admitted it had happened but that he had "  forgotten to mention it " during his initial interview with law enforcement after he was arrested in Texas . Law enforcement officials have said Atwater was not involved with anything nefarious . One official also noted he was not carrying a detonator or an initiator and therefore it would not have been possible for the material to blow up . If convicted , Atwater would face a maximum of 10 years in prison , according to Daryl Fields , a spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office for the Western District of Texas . According to the Pentagon , Atwater carries the rank of sergeant first class and is based at Fort Bragg , North Carolina . His service awards include the Bronze Star and the Army Commendation Medal . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Man in Texas says he did n't know the C-4 was in his carry-on , a criminal complaint says The bag also contained children 's items , investigators say The Green Beret was stopped earlier in his trip for a smoke grenade , court documents say
CNN  -- Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen repeatedly accused Republican challenger Scott Brown of "  fear-mongering " -- on Ebola , ISIS and more -- in the second debate of a New Hampshire race that 's key to determining which party will control the Senate . But Brown shot back that his are "  rational fears " shared by a majority of Americans . The race a dead heat . A CNN/ORC International poll released Thursday found Shaheen with 49 percent support to Brown 's 47 percent -- well inside its margin of error of plus or minus four percentage points . It could turn on whether Shaheen is able to keep on her side voters who have turned on Obama . His approval rating dropped to 39 percent in New Hampshire -- which has driven Brown 's efforts to connect Shaheen with the president . And that 's what Brown tried to do , using every issue possible -- illegal immigration , Ebola , ISIS and Obamacare among them -- to try to nationalize the debate . Shaheen , meanwhile , cast Brown as a political opportunist and turned to Democrats ' bread-and-butter economic topics like equal pay and raising the minimum wage . Here are six lines that showcased the debate 's top issues : Scott Brown : "  She calls it fear-mongering ; I call it rational fear . " The day another potential Ebola case was reported -- this time , a doctor in New York -- the two sparred over the Obama administration 's handling of the threat . Brown called for a ban on travel from the West African epicenter of the outbreak . He blasted Obama 's appointment of Ron Klain as the nation 's Ebola response coordinator as someone "  with no experience in his field . " He criticized Shaheen for not voting to close the U.S. border with Mexico . And he complained that the New York doctor should have been quarantined when he returned to the United States . Brown even said the Ebola threat would be minimized if Republican Mitt Romney had been elected president . "  Had he been president , I feel he would have had a clear and concise plan . He would have reassured the American people , " Brown said . Shaheen , meanwhile , criticized Brown for "  fear-mongering about this issue , " and said neither she nor Brown have medical expertise on the issue . But Brown shot back that "  she calls it fear-mongering ; I call it rational fear . " Jeanne Shaheen : "  I do n't think it makes sense for the president to come to New Hampshire right now . " Just like he has through the entire race , Brown repeatedly tied Shaheen to Obama -- whose approval rating , a CNN/ORC International poll released Thursday found , is 39 percent in New Hampshire . The political damage that association can cause Shaheen was most clear when she said she did n't want Obama to campaign for her . "  The fact is , that there are big differences in this race between my opponent and me , and it 's not just about the president , " Shaheen said , repeatedly turning to issues like increasing the minimum wage and mandating equal pay . Brown said on a number of issues , Shaheen and Obama might as well be the same person . He said she 's already supported the president 's agenda for six years , and said she cast the deciding vote to approve Obama 's signature health care law . "  There were 60 of us , " Shaheen said , referring to the Senate 's 60 Democrats at the time , all of whom supported Obamacare . "  Every one of us was a deciding vote . " Brown : "  There is a rational fear ... -LSB- of -RSB- criminal elements , terrorists , people with diseases coming through our border . " Illegal immigration appeared to be Brown 's comfort zone . He repeatedly returned to the issue , asserting that weak border security could open the United States up to an influx of ISIS fighters , victims of the Ebola virus and more . He criticized Shaheen 's support for the DREAM Act , for failing to crack down on undocumented immigrants who receive government benefits and for standing by as Obama moves toward executive action on immigration after the Nov. 4 election . He said he 'd never support any bills that would "  actually legalize people that are here illegally , who are not entitled to the protections and/or the rights and privileges that have been earned by our citizens . " Shaheen , meanwhile , cast Brown 's position as unworkable . "  The fact is , " she said , "  if you want border security , then you should support comprehensive immigration reform . " She criticized Brown for voting in favor of a GOP budget that would have slashed homeland security spending , and for missing committee hearings on border security . Shaheen : "  We do n't need to import a candidate who 's going to outsource our jobs . " The Democrat landed two punches in one line -- hitting Brown , the former Massachusetts senator , for moving into his native state to mount another Senate campaign and then pivoting to economic issues . She pointed repeatedly to Brown 's support for oil industry subsidies , accused him of doing the bidding of large corporate interests and even tried to latch Brown to the Koch brothers , the conservative political funding giants who she said have pumped $ 2.6 million into New Hampshire 's race . The two debated Shaheen 's zero rating with the National Federation of Independent Businesses -- with Brown repeatedly citing that figure and Shaheen dismissing it , arguing that the organization is funded by the Koch brothers . Moderator Wolf Blitzer pointed out that using Congressional Quarterly 's scoring , Brown , while representing Massachusetts , voted with Obama 78 percent of the time . "  Well when the president does something right , I 'll support him , " he said . "  As an independent senator , I can do that . " Brown : "  We 've taken the greatest fighting force off the table . " Brown accused Obama -- and , by extension , Shaheen -- of blowing the United States ' chances of defeating ISIS in Iraq and Syria by insisting that ground forces wo n't be part of an effort that so far has included air strikes . "  What if air strikes do n't work ? Then what ? " Brown said . He pointed to a new book by former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta accusing Obama of "  half-steps and missteps , and as a result our allies do n't trust us , our foes do n't fear and respect us , it 's been an incoherent policy . " Shaheen responded that the United States is "  building an international coalition " that includes 60 partners , including some Arab countries . She looked for wiggle room , saying she would take sending ground troops to the region off the table "  right now . " "  I do n't think we should be putting tens of thousands of American troops back in as an occupying force , and we should also not be talking about ISIS in a way that spreads fear and panic among our population , " she said . "  That 's just grandstanding . " Shaheen : "  We should make sure that people can make a living . " She tried to back Brown into a corner on whether he supports raising the minimum wage . Shaheen said women -- who support her over Brown -- would make up two-thirds of the beneficiaries of an increase in the minimum wage . National Democrats have called for a new figure of $ 10.10 per hour . "  This is one of the issues that distinguishes me from my opponent , because I have been supporting middle class families here , " she said . "  I think it 's now clear that he does n't support that . " Brown said his mother worked minimum wage jobs , and that he did , as well , earning his first paychecks at a Dunkin' Donuts . He said he 's supported increases in the past . But he did n't say whether he supports an increase now , instead accusing Obama and Shaheen of trying to "  dictate " to businesses already burdened by overregulation . "  What 's happening right now is another effort by the Obama administration , as supported by Sen. Shaheen , to just dictate to businesses what they 're going to pay , " he said . Poll : Dead heat in New Hampshire Senate race	Ebola , ISIS and immigration were all features of a debate that turned on fear Jeanne Shaheen said Scott Brown was "  fear-mongering " Brown called his fears rational
CNN  In the first week of 2014 , I wrote a column suggesting that it was going to be "  the year of China . " By that , I meant that China was going to shape the news in powerful ways , economic and political . For a start , China 's 30-year economic superboom  with growth rates averaging around 10 %  was going to slow , with global consequences . Also , China would begin to face a more complex set of political challenges , with its growing middle class , worsening environment and rising nationalist sentiment . I 'd give myself a decent grade for the prediction , but not perfect by any means . China did face political challenges , particularly in Hong Kong , and ones that suggest something about the future for all of China .  Remember , Hong Kong is far richer than the rest of China and so , perhaps , is a window into the country 's future .  And China 's economy has slowed . Even the official numbers put growth around 7 % , and many believe that 's a pumped-up number . But the central sense in which the prediction proved true was that as China 's growth slowed , so did its enormous appetite . "  That giant sucking sound " over the last decade has been the sound of China importing all kinds of raw materials to fuel its industrialization . Foremost among those was oil , since China 's energy needs have grown by leaps and bounds . Morgan Stanley 's Ruchir Sharma has pointed out that over the last decade , China 's demand for oil has grown 7 % , year on year . In 2014 China 's growth in demand for oil was zero -- nada . The great global gas guzzler went quiet . That single fact is probably the main explanation for the collapse of oil prices in 2014  along with the steady rise of oil and gas production in the United States  . This decline in the price of oil is the signature trend coming out of 2014 , and if it persists will shape the economics and politics of the world in 2015 and beyond . What I did not predict in any way about the last year was Russia 's rising belligerence -- most dramatically seen in its determined efforts to keep Ukraine as an "  allied " country , using military means , and in the process risking economic sanctions and diplomatic isolation . But in a sense , this is also a story with oil as its backdrop . Over the past decade , as oil prices quadrupled , so did Russia 's per capita GDP -- and President Vladimir Putin 's popularity . His rising confidence , and the swelling resources of the Russian government , emboldened him to act aggressively in Georgia in 2008 , and last year in Ukraine . Economic sanctions have hurt Russia , but the greatest blow has been the sudden drop in oil prices , which will shape the next chapter of this tale . The drop in oil prices has had effects on every continent , in direct and indirect ways . Cuban President Raul Castro 's decision to try to make amends with the United States is an important example . After Cuba lost its Cold War patron , the Soviet Union , it found a new one in Hugo Chavez 's Venezuela , which subsidized the ailing Castro regime . But Venezuela has been troubled for a while , and Chavez 's successors do not have his political skills , which makes them rely even more on patronage and repression . All this has become more difficult as Venezuela 's oil revenues dry up . The Cuban regime must have recognized that its sugar daddy was unlikely to keep sending it subsidies , which might explain its efforts to have the U.S. embargo relaxed . The general rule about falling oil prices has been simple : Producing countries like Russia and Venezuela will suffer , while consuming countries like China , India and Indonesia will benefit . And that 's a very useful guide with one important exception -- the United States is both the top producer and consumer of oil . For most Americans , the effect is clearly positive . Falling gas prices are like a huge tax cut , money that stays with consumers and is likely to be spent on other things . For American oil producers , it 's not such good news , though they will try to lower costs and become more efficient . Economics aside , the trends look pretty positive for America . Many of the complications it faces in the world are fueled by high oil prices . From Russia to Iran to Venezuela , lower oil prices could make combative countries more cautious . Meanwhile , the American economy continues to grow , with a recovery that appears sustainable and increasingly robust . American technology companies continue to dominate the industries of the future . American society remains vibrant , fueled by immigration . Even American government -- certainly compared with its peers in Europe and Japan -- has performed extremely well . It 's quite possible that 2015 will turn out to be the year of America . Watch Fareed Zakaria GPS Sundays at 10am and 1pm ET . For the latest from Fareed Zakaria GPS click here .	Fareed Zakaria : 2014 was year of China , 2015 might be America 's Falling oil prices could make combative nations more cautious , he says
CNN  -- World No. 1 Serena Williams ' preparations for her Australian Open title defense suffered a late blip when she was beaten in the final of the Sydney International by Elena Dementieva on Friday . The American , who had struggled past unseeded Frenchwoman Aravane Rezai in three sets in the semifinals when she appeared to injure her left leg , lost 6-3 6-2 to suffer her fifth defeat in her last eight clashes with the Russian . "  I was struggling a little bit , but she definitely deserves all the credit , " Williams told reporters . "  It 's definitely not ligament problems . It 's just a little pain but the strapping usually helps the pain go away . " Dementieva , who beat world No. 2 Dinara Safina in the quarterfinals , successfully defended her title in the final event before the first Grand Slam tournament of this decade starts on Monday . "  It 's great to play against the best players in the world , especially going into a Grand Slam . It was a great experience and it 'll help me next week at the Australian Open , " she told the WTA Tour 's official Web site Dementieva went into the match against Williams having been handed a potential second-round clash with former world No. 1 Justine Henin , who pulled out of the Sydney event as a precaution after suffering a leg injury in her comeback tournament in Brisbane . Seven-time Grand Slam winner Henin , handed a wildcard after a 20-month retirement , will start against unseeded fellow Belgian Kirsten Flipkens on Monday while fifth seed Dementieva plays fellow Russian Vera Dushevina . Both have avoided the Williams sisters , who are in the top half of the draw with Serena opening against Poland 's Urszula Radwanska on Tuesday and sixth seed Venus taking on Czech Lucie Safarova . Four-time winner Serena could face seventh seed Victoria Azarenka in the last eight , with a possible semifinal against her older sibling looming . Last year 's losing finalist Safina opens against world No. 44 Magdalena Rybarikova of Slovakia , and could face fellow Russian Maria Sharapova in the fourth round . Sharapova , the 2008 champion but seeded 14th after struggling with shoulder problems last year , begins with a glamour clash against compatriot and fellow pin-up girl Maria Kirilenko . U.S. Open champion Kim Clijsters could face fellow comeback queen Henin in the quarterfinals , having been seeded 15th and facing a qualifier first up . But to set up a rematch of the recent final in Brisbane , which she won , Clijsters is likely to have to overcome third seed Svetlana Kuznetsova in the fourth round . The Russian , who has never got past the last eight in Melbourne , takes on unseeded compatriot Anastasia Rodionova in her first match . Australian Open women 's singles draw  seeds in bold  : 1-Serena Williams  USA  v Urszula Radwanska  Pol  Petra Kvitova  Cze  v Jill Craybas  USA  Qualifier v Andrea Petkovic  Ger  Ayumi Morita  Jpn  v 32-Carla Suarez-Navarro  Spa  21-Sabine Lisicki  Ger  v Petra Martic  Cro  Varvara Lepchenko  USA  v Alberta Brianti  Ita  Kristina Barrois  Ger  v Akgul Amanmuradova  Uzb  Qualifier v Samantha Stosur  Aus   13  9-Vera Zvonareva  Rus  v Kristina Kucova  Svk  Kai Chen Chang  Tpe  v Iveta Benesova  Cze  Qualifier v Gisela Dulko  Arg  Qualifier v 20-Ana Ivanovic  Ser  28-Elena Vesnina  Rus  v Tathiana Garbin  Ita  Kimiko Date Krumm  Jpn  v Yaroslava Shvedova  Kaz  Stefanie Voegele  Swi  v Melinda Czink  Hun  Stephanie Cohen Aloro  Fra  v 7-Victoria Azarenka  Blr  4-Caroline Wozniacki  Den  v Aleksandra Wozniak  Can  Tamira Paszek  Aut  v Julia Goerges  Ger  Galina Voskoboeva  Kaz  v Tsvetana Pironkova  Bul  Lucie Hradecka  Cze  v 29-Shahar Peer  Isr  22-Daniela Hantuchova  Svk  v Viktoriya Kutuzova  Ukr  Jarmila Groth  Svk  v Qualifier Stephanie Dubois  Can  v Agnes Szavay  Hun  Marina Erakovic  Nzl  v 16-Na Li  Chn  10-Agnieszka Radwanska  Pol  v Tatjana Malek  Ger  Melanie Oudin  USA  v Alla Kudryavtseva  Rus  Julie Coin  Fra  v Alicia Molik  Aus  Alize Cornet  Fra  v 17-Francesca Schiavone  Ita  25-Anabel Medina Garrigues  Spa  v Karolina Sprem  Cro  Anastasiya Yakimova  Blr  v Casey Dellacqua  Aus  Arantxa Parra Santonja  Spa  v Sybille Bammer  Aut  Lucie Safarova  Cze  v 6-Venus Williams  USA  5-Elena Dementieva  Rus  v Vera Dushevina  Rus  Kirsten Flipkens  Bel  v Justine Henin  Bel  Sorana-Mihaela Cirstea  Rom  v Olivia Rogowska  Aus  Jelena Dokic  Aus  v 27-Alisa Kleybanova  Rus  18-Virginie Razzano  Fra  v Ekaterina Makarova  Rus  Klara Zakopalova  Cze  v Sara Errani  Ita  Qualifier v Alexandra Dulgheru  Rom  Anna Chakvetadze  Rus  v 12-Flavia Pennetta  Ita  15-Kim Clijsters  Bel  v Qualifier Sesil Karatantcheva  Kaz  v Tamarine Tanasugarn  Tha  Yung-Jan Chan  Tpe  v Kaia Kanepi  Est  Edina Gallovits  Rom  v 19-Nadia Petrova  Rus  26-Aravane Rezai  Fra  v Sania Mirza  Ind  Olga Govortsova  Blr  v Qualifier Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova  Rus  v Anastasija Sevastova  Lat  Anastasia Rodionova  Rus  v 3-Svetlana Kuznetsova  Rus  8-Jelena Jankovic  Ser  v Monica Niculescu  Rom  Patricia Mayr  Aut  v Katie O'Brien  GB  Qualifier v Polona Hercog  Slo  Qualifier v 31-Alona Bondarenko  Ukr  24-Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez  Spa  v Evgeniya Rodina  Rus  Jie Zheng  Chn  v Shuai Peng  Chn  Coco Vandeweghe  USA  v Sandra Zahlavova  Cze  Rossana De los Rios  Par  v 11-Marion Bartoli  Fra  14-Maria Sharapova  Rus  v Maria Kirilenko  Rus  Qualifier v Timea Bacsinszky  Swi  Anna-Lena Groenefeld  Ger  v Roberta Vinci  Ita  Vania King  USA  v 23-Dominika Cibulkova  Svk  30-Kateryna Bondarenko  Ukr  v Ioana Raluca Olaru  Rom  Pauline Parmentier  Fra  v Elena Baltacha  GB  Barbora Zahlavova-Strycova  Cze  v Qualifier Magdalena Rybarikova  Svk  v Dinara Safina  Rus   2	World No. 1 Serena Williams beaten in final of Sydney International by Elena Dementieva Williams was playing with injured leg ahead of Australian Open title defense American in same half of draw as sister Venus for the first Grand Slam of decade Dementieva could face former world No. 1 Justine Henin in second round in Melbourne
CNN  -- Chelsea routed 10-man Wigan Athletic 8-0 at Stamford Bridge on Sunday to dethrone Manchester United as English Premier League champions . United , who needed Chelsea to slip up in the final match of the season , beat Stoke 4-0 at Old Trafford , but it proved academic as Chelsea brushed aside Wigan in ruthless fashion . First half goals from Nicolas Anelka and Frank Lampard from the penalty spot effectively sealed the title for Carlo Ancelotti 's high-scoring team , but they turned on the style after the break to delight their fans . Wigan , a man light after Gary Caldwell was sent off just before halftime in conceding the penalty , were overwhelmed as Didier Drogba hit a second half hat-trick . His strike partner Nicolas Anelka added a second , with Salomon Kalou and England left back Ashley Cole also on target . Big-spending Chelsea have had to play second fiddle while United have won three straight titles and it was a sweet moment for their captain John Terry . "  Magnificent , it 's been a hard three years to see Manchester United lift it , " he told Sky Sports . "  It 's been up and down all year and we went away to Wigan and got beat , but after we went ahead 1-0 today it was the first time I thought that the title was ours , " he added . Chelsea can complete the domestic double with victory over cash-strapped Portsmouth in the FA Cup final at Wembley next weekend , while for United there was bitter disappointment as they remained a point adrift . Wayne Rooney also sparked a World Cup scare when he limped out of the easy win at Old Trafford with what appeared to be a recurrence of the groin problem he first picked up at Blackburn last month . Before that , Darren Fletcher and Ryan Giggs scored before the break . A Danny Higginbotham own goal and Park Ji-sung 's late diving header doubled their advantage but it was all in vain . Rooney had gone into the match level with Drogba on 26 league goals in the race for the Golden Boot , but could not add to his tally . Ivory Coast international Drogba had been denied the chance to take Chelsea 's first half penalty as regular taker Lampard ushered him away . He openly showed his disappointment , but after the break all was forgotten as he finally got on the scoresheet , including a penalty , with Lampard this time making way as the victory was assured . Drogba 's first and Chelsea 's fifth took them to 100 goals for the season , the first time this has been achieved since the Premier League was created . But Ancelotti revealed that he had to speak with Drogba at halftime to tell him to calm down . "  It was my decision , if there was a penalty , to give it to Lampard , " he told Press Association . "  I told him to stay calm and quiet because he 'd have opportunities to score in the second half . I said : ` Quiet . You can score in the second half . " ' In other action on the final day of the season , Arsenal clinched third spot with a 4-0 home win over Europa League finalists Fulham while north London rivals Tottenham Hotspur stay fourth after losing 4-2 at relegated Burnley .	Chelsea thrash Wigan Athletic 8-0 to clinch English Premier League title Chelsea dethrone Manchester United who beat Stoke 4-0 but finish one point behind Didier Drogba with a second half hat-trick clinches award for top league scorer Wayne Rooney limps off before the finish at Old Trafford
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Five people were rescued Sunday from the rubble of a grocery store , officials told CNN , 24 hours after the effort to reach them began . Three of the people trapped in the ruins of the Caribbean Supermarket -- a man , a 13-year-old girl and a 50-year-old American woman -- were rescued earlier in the day by a joint New York fire and police department search and rescue team . A Creole-speaking man and woman were rescued late Sunday night by a team from Miami , Florida , and a Turkish team . The man came out first , picking his head up off the stretcher carried by his rescuers and giving the thumbs-up sign . He said he had been eating peanut butter and jelly from the store to survive . The effort was dealt a temporary setback Sunday afternoon when the floor over rescuers ' heads -- described as a concrete slab -- buckled as they were working in a 3-foot-high area , said Lt. Charles McDermott , spokesman for Florida Task Force 2 . Debris rained down on the rescue workers as they ran outside of the building . They stood outside and embraced each other as they called roll to make sure everyone had escaped . Work was temporarily suspended as rescuers evaluated whether they should reinforce the floor or work in a different area , McDermott said . Rescue personnel worked throughout Saturday night and Sunday to free the people , Capt. Joe Zahralban of the Florida search team said , at times crawling through spaces that were so tight they could only take half a breath . Zahralban had the opportunity to tell the rescued American woman 's sister that she is alive . "  She dropped to her knees and thanked us , " he said . The Florida rescuers also called the woman 's son , who lives in Pembroke Pines , Florida . "  After we told him , he went silent for a moment , " Zahralban said . Get the latest developments on Haiti The man and teenage girl found alive earlier in the day were taken to a U.N. hospital at Port-au-Prince 's airport , where the girl , about 13 , was treated for leg injuries and the man treated for undetermined injuries . They are believed to be Haitian nationals , officials said . As of Sunday , more than 60 people had been rescued alive by rescue teams from the United States and other nations , Tim Callaghan of the U.S. Agency for International Development  USAID  told reporters . Americans have rescued about 30 of those , he said . A U.N. search and rescue team freed one of its own , Jens Christensen of Denmark , from the rubble of the collapsed mission headquarters Sunday where at least 37 people have been confirmed dead . He told his rescuers that others were still alive , saying he had heard tapping nearby , but not since Friday . Those trapped in the supermarket had been living off the store 's inventory of food and water , authorities said . "  If I was going to be trapped for five days in the dark , " Zahralban said , "  one of the best places to be is in a supermarket surrounded by food . " Separately , other members of the New York team rescued a 55-year-old man trapped in the rubble of a four-story building in Port-au-Prince . They used a rescue camera to locate the man , and then a paramedic climbed into a narrow space with him and started an intravenous fluid line to combat the man 's dehydration as rescuers used jackhammers and cutting tools to free him . Full coverage of the earthquake in Haiti The man had been trapped since Tuesday , the NYPD said in a statement . He was suffering from dehydration but otherwise not seriously injured . Other rescues took place as well . An Israel Defense Forces medical and rescue team said Sunday it had rescued a Haitian government worker Saturday after he was trapped for 125 hours in the rubble of a customs office . After the rescue , which lasted eight hours , he was taken in "  moderate condition " to an IDF hospital . It was the first live rescue by IDF , according to a statement . Also Saturday , a team with Los Angeles County Search and Rescue answered the desperate , but futile , pleas of a mother who believed her young daughter was trapped alive beneath the rubble of a day care center in downtown Port-au-Prince . Despite the distinct sounds of tapping from within the crushed concrete , the rescue effort turned into a recovery operation eight hours after it began when crews failed to get further responses from whoever was trapped inside . Elsewhere in the capital , rescue crews responded to a text message from a 30-year-old woman beneath the ruins of the collapsed bank where she worked . Dogs picked up the scent of survivors within the rubble several times , but by early Sunday , rescue crews had n't seen or heard anything with high-tech cameras and listening devices . Also rescued Saturday : a 2-month-old baby in critical condition with injuries that included broken ribs . Rescue personnel worried she could contract a deadly case of pneumonia and doctors rushed her to the airport where she was evacuated to Jackson Memorial Hospital in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Susan Candiotti , Rich Phillips and Mary Lucas contributed to this report .	Three people trapped in the ruins of the Caribbean Supermarket rescued earlier Rescue of Creole-speaking man and woman late Sunday brings total to five Unstable concrete slab had been standing between rescuers , those who were trapped Other rescue efforts across the capital have been made
Moore , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Oklahomans will "  rise again " and will have the nation behind them as they struggle to bounce back from tornadoes that tore through the state last week , officials said Sunday , a day of quiet reflection and prayer . "  As fellow Americans , we 're going to be there as shelter from the storm for the people of Moore who have been impacted , " said President Barack Obama . "  And when we say that we 've got your back , I promise you that we keep our word . " The president described himself as a messenger speaking on behalf of the entire nation as he toured storm damage Sunday . He praised local officials , first responders and school principals for their work in the wake of the storms , which killed 24 people , injured more than 375 others and damaged 12,000 residences in and around the Oklahoma City metropolitan area . One block , two tornadoes : Life in the cross hairs "  This area 's known more than its share of heartbreak , but people here pride themselves on the Oklahoma standard ... being able to work through disasters like this and come out stronger on the other side , " he said . Speaking in front of the wreckage of the destroyed Plaza Towers Elementary School in Moore , Obama called for Americans to donate to help storm relief efforts . "  It 's going to take a long time for this community to rebuild , so I want to urge every American to step up , " he said , suggesting donating via the American Red Cross website . After his public remarks , Obama met with first responders at a Moore fire station . "  We got to talk to him after he saw the damage , and of course , once you see the damage , it 's different , " Moore Police Sgt. Jeremy Lewis told CNN affiliate KOCO . "  No matter how many pictures you look at , you see it in person , it 's going to to change even the president , which it did . " Obama vowed to keep helping the area rebuild , long after camera crews and reporters from around the country leave . "  He ... let us know that after all the media and everything is gone , he 'll still be sending anything that we need , " Lewis said , "  and he 'll make sure that we get the town built back up . " It 's been a weekend of highs and lows for the tornado-ravaged area . With some school buildings still in shambles , students received diplomas at a convention center on Saturday . Funeral homes and churches were busy with services nearly a week after the devastating storm . A public memorial and prayer service was held Sunday evening at the First Baptist Church in Moore , where tissues were laid out in the pews . "  Our spirits have been shaken this week , " Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin said at the service . "  Our hearts have been broken , but our resolve is strong and we will rise again . In the midst of human tragedy , we 've seen the best of Oklahoma come forth . " Fallin held up two items she found in the wreckage of a school -- a note from a student , and a poster with classroom rules , imploring children to always do their very best . She welcomed a teacher and a group of students from Briarwood Elementary . The school was destroyed by the tornado , but everyone survived . Holding flowers , the students sang "  Jesus Loves Me , " a song some of them were singing as the storm blasted their school . "  I think it was probably the start of healing for the community , " Debby Goss , a Shawnee , Oklahoma , resident , said about the prayer service . "  I think a lot of people do pull together here , and this was a good time for them to see each other in one place that was n't a rescue center or a disaster area -- that there was a peaceful place for them to just sit and think about the other people that are here to support them and help . " A tornado bearing down ; a mom in labor Saturday 's graduation festivities were infused by reminders of the storm 's tragic aftermath . When Southmoore High 's Alyson Costilla walked across the stage to get her diploma , about a dozen people in the crowd stood and held up pictures of her mother , who died in a 7-Eleven ravaged by the powerful winds . A balm after the storm Transforming Moore back into the city it was wo n't be easy . Its public schools alone suffered $ 45 million in damage , including the two elementary schools that were leveled . Insurance claims related to Monday 's storm will likely top $ 2 billion , according to Kelly Collins from the Oklahoma Insurance Department . But residents are n't doing it all alone . Honest advice from Joplin to Moore Besides the presence of Federal Emergency Management Agency representatives and other public officials on the ground , they 've had friends , relatives , even strangers come out to help . Last week , Caleb Allison stared out at the mass of debris that covered the yard in front of his destroyed home . "  Who 's going to come get it ? " the Westmoore High School Spanish teacher wondered . "  Even our insurance company said , ` you could pay someone to do it , but it might take days before they can come out here , ' " Allison told CNN . But for Allison , what seemed like a mammoth problem was swiftly solved on Sunday with the help of a group of students , parent-teacher association members and fellow teachers from his school and Heritage Trails Elementary , where his wife teaches music . "  We probably had 70 to 80 people in our front yard , " he said , "  and we cleaned it in a matter of 30 minutes . " Morgan DeLong , one of the volunteers , said many whose homes survived the storm are eager to chip in . "  It 's kind of our turn to return that blessing and help people out . And it 's incredible to be around all the faculty members and other students , " she said . "  It 's amazing to just look out and see how our community 's coming together . " Tornado heading your way ? Here 's what to do As Obama got a firsthand look at the debris left by the tornado , the state 's governor told CNN that her chief request for the federal government is help plowing through regulatory hurdles . "  Basically what I need is the ability to get through red tape , the ability to get the FEMA funds in here quickly and to get the services that our citizens need to help them recover through this terrible disaster , " Gov. Fallin said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Fallin , a Republican , said the initial reaction from the federal government in assisting her state was fast and effective . "  So far we have had great response , " she said , quickly adding there was a long way to go before Moore returns to normal . "  This is a massive debris field . It 's not just a couple blocks , " she said . "  It 's miles . " Principals recall day tornado hit CNN 's George Howell reported from Moore . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported and wrote the story from Atlanta . CNN 's Jeff Kepnes , Dana Ford , Rene Marsh , Nick Valencia , Kevin Liptak , Eric Fiegel , Greg Botelho , Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Children sing "  Jesus Loves Me " during a memorial service Sunday night "  It 's going to take a long time for this community to rebuild , " the president says "  When we say that we 've got your back , I promise you that we keep our word , " he says Funerals continue to be held for some of the 24 killed
EW.com  -- Next week 's episode of Parks and Recreation is going to have a VIP : the VP . Joe Biden -- yes , the very guy who was re-elected Vice President of the United States -- will guest-star in the Nov. 15 installment of Parks and Recreation , EW has learned . His cameo occurs at the beginning of the episode , in which former Congressional campaign manager Ben Wyatt  Adam Scott  takes fiance / City Councilwoman Leslie Knope  Amy Poehler  , to the White House to meet America 's No. 2 , who has long been her No. 1 crush .  As Leslie once noted , her ideal man has "  the brains of George Clooney and the body of Joe Biden . " Parks scored camera time with Biden in July when the show traveled to Washington , D.C. to film its season 5 premiere , which featured appearances by Senators Barbara Boxer , Olympia Snowe , and John McCain . How big of a casting coup was Biden for NBC 's small-town government comedy ? "  Given that Eleanor Roosevelt and Bella Abzug are no longer with us , this is probably no. 1 , " quips executive producer Michael Schur . " -LSB- Leslie -RSB- has a lot of female heroes that cross party lines . She has a lot of social figures that she considers heroes , but the funniest hero is Joe Biden . There 's an episode last season where she says , ` Joe Biden is on my celebrity sex list -- well , he is my celebrity sex list ' ... It was amazing to have her meet Olympia Snowe and Barbara Boxer because that meant something to her politically . But this transcends that . She 's meeting the man that she 's in love with on some deep level . It was a bigger deal to us in some ways that she meet Joe Biden than it was that she meet Barack Obama . "  Obama , by the way , has revealed that he watches Parks with his family , by the way . "  It 's a very amazing and weird thing to find out that the President watches your show , " marvels Schur . Once the producers committed to shooting an episode in D.C. , the process of landing Biden was "  so much less difficult than we ever possibly imagined , " says Schur , noting : "  His staff really loves the show , and he apparently had watched the show with his family and his family liked it ... The hardest part was keeping it secret for so long because there 's all these FEC rules and equal-time rules . We could n't air it before the election because it was the equivalent of a campaign contribution to advertise for one candidate . " The Biden-Knope summit , a surprise "  engagement present " from Ben , lasts less than a minute and was written in a manner that would work regardless of the election 's outcome . "  We did not in any way want the moment to be a political issue -- we treated it in the writing and the execution like our main character was meeting her hero , " says Schur .  He notes that the writers did pen an addendum to the scene in the event of an Obama-Biden loss or a "  weird Florida disaster tie . "  The meeting takes place in the Vice President 's Ceremonial Office in the White House-adjacent Eisenhower Executive Office Building , with Biden flanked by his real-life staff . "  They have a conversation where she does what you would imagine Leslie Knope would do when meeting Joe Biden , which is she loses control of herself a little bit , " hints Schur . "  She gets really giggly and goofy around him . " When the Parks crew set up in his office to shoot the scene , Biden happened to be tied up in a meeting with ... President Barack Obama . Then "  Obama got on Marine One and flew away , and Biden walked across the executive building and we shot the scene , " says Schur . "  It was really cool : You go this way and get on a helicopter that will take you to some incredibly important thing , and you come this way and shoot a scene with Amy Poehler . " The Veep handled his scene like a pro , even ad-libbing a response to a crazy Leslie retort that wound up in the final cut of the episode . "  He was very nice and charming , " reports Schur . "  He was clearly a big fan of Amy . It was the day the Emmy nominations came out and when he walked through the door he congratulated her on her Emmy nomination ... He said some very nice things about the show and talked about how the pro-public service message was meaningful . " While Schur & co. were thrilled to venture onto hallowed Washington ground , they are n't plotting the next great political cameo right now : "  Since the beginning of the show , Joe Biden has been the No. 1 guy , so in terms of her achievements or personal milestones we 'll have to go in a different direction , " he says . "  She 'll have to get her thrills elsewhere . " See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Joe Biden will guest-star in the Nov. 15 installment of "  Parks and Recreation " The show scored camera time with him in July when they traveled to Washington , D.C. The vice president is reportedly a fan of the show
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Furious over Russia 's invasion of Georgia , the United States and its allies are weighing steps to diplomatically isolate Moscow as punishment for the conflict , senior administration officials said Tuesday . Russian soldiers take position during clashes in South Ossetia in Georgia on Monday . "  It is not business as usual anymore with the Russians , and there are consequences for doing what they are doing , " one senior U.S. official said . Two senior administration officials said Tuesday that they could not speak for attribution because no final decisions had been made . But the United States will be discussing steps to take with its allies in the NATO alliance and the European Union , they said . The United States boycotted preparatory meetings Tuesday for a NATO meeting with Russia , and NATO has canceled a naval exercise with Russian forces in the northern Pacific . Washington and its allies also are discussing whether to drop Moscow from the Group of Eight industrialized economic powers , the official said . Russian President Dimitry Medvedev had pledged to strengthen Russia 's role in the international community and world economy . But the U.S. official said that Russia , in its current situation , has "  much more to lose " than the Soviet Union did when it invaded Czechoslovakia in 1968 . "  Russia has one foot integrated into the international economy and community of states and one foot that is not quite in it , " the official said . The Russians should consider "  whether they have n't achieved some tactical objectives at the expense of some strategic objectives , " the official added . The United States has criticized the Russian move against Georgia , its ally , as "  disproportionate " and demanded a cease-fire , to which French President Nicolas Sarkozy said both sides agreed late Tuesday . Watch Georgia 's president discuss the cease-fire " "  I wanted to make very clear that the United States stands for the territorial integrity of Georgia , for the sovereignty of Georgia ; that we support its democratically elected government and people , and are reviewing options for humanitarian and reconstruction assistance to Georgia , " Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Tuesday . "  But the most important thing right now is that these military operations need to stop . " President Bush said Monday that Russia 's actions "  substantially damaged Russia 's standing in the world " and "  jeopardized its relations " with the United States and Europe . Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations , Vitaly Churkin , criticized the Bush administration for treating Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili like "  a naughty child " as fighting raged between the two nations . "  We are not happy with the way the United States has been behaving , especially the way the United States has been propping up Mr. Saakashvili over the past few years , " Churkin said . Watch Churkin discuss the conflict " However , the ambassador held out hope for restored relations . "  I hope we continue normal relations with the United States and the rest of the international community , " he added . "  We have equal interests between the Russian Federation and the United States . We should look and try to resolve this international crisis . " The cease-fire agreement calls on both Russian and Georgian forces to withdraw to positions held before August 6 . According to the second administration official , officials from several countries have told a variety of Russian officials , " ` you know you can not stay , " to which the Russian response is , " ` we do n't want to stay . ' " The official called this a "  good sign and encouraging sign " but warned that the international community needed to send Russia a clear message against "  mission creep . "	Official says no more "  business as usual " with Russia , promises consequences U.S. boycotts NATO meeting ; NATO cancels naval exercise with Russia Washington and its allies consider dropping Moscow from Group of Eight
CNN  -- While firefighters waged war on a large wildfire in another part of the the Los Angeles metropolitan area , crews in the northern suburb of Glendale corralled a 75-acre brush fire that prompted evacuations . "  Fire nearly knocked down , " the city said on its Twitter feed late Friday afternoon . Crews from several jurisdictions assisted Glendale , bringing the total number of personnel to about 200 . Two firefighters suffered heat exhaustion . Residents of more than 2,000 homes were evacuated , officials said . The cause of the fire was not immediately clear . Sgt. Tom Lorenz of the Glendale police department told CNN affiliate KTLA that the fire moved rapidly over ridge lines . One school was evacuated Friday afternoon . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki and Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report .	Brush fire controlled in Glendale Neighborhoods were evacuated Other departments help
Claire Davis , the 17-year-old high school senior shot by a classmate at their Colorado school , died Saturday at the hospital where she was being treated . "  It is with unspeakable sadness that we write and say that Claire has passed away from the gunshot wound she received at Arapahoe High School on December 13 , " her family said in a statement posted on the Facebook account of Littleton Adventist Hospital . "  Although we have lost our precious daughter , we will always be grateful for the indelible journey she took us on over the last 17 years -- we were truly blessed to be Claire 's parents . The grace , laughter and light she brought to this world will not be extinguished by her death ; to the contrary , it will only get stronger . " Davis was killed after Karl Pierson , 18 , according to police , walked into Arapahoe High School armed with a pump-action shotgun , a machete and a backpack containing three Molotov cocktails , a bandolier of ammunition across his chest . He shot Davis once in the head and fired randomly into school hallways . Police said Pierson was looking for revenge against a librarian , but could n't find the faculty member and killed himself as a school resource officer closed in . Davis did not know Pierson and was just a random victim , police surmised . She had been in a coma since the shooting . Davis was described as a sweet girl who loved horses and the English boy band One Direction . After friends started a Twitter campaign , the band recorded a 13-second video message and sent it directly to the Davis family , a source close to One Direction told CNN on Thursday . The video shows singer Liam Payne delivering the message as the other four members stand by . The hospital said Davis died at 4:29 p.m. . The family 's message on Facebook thanked the hospital staff , first responders and law enforcement officers . "  Last week was truly a paradox in that we lost our daughter , yet we witnessed the wonderful love that exists in the world through the tremendous outpouring of support we received , " the family said . Pierson 's parents issued a statement last week . "  We can not begin to understand why Karl did what he did , " Barbara and Mark Pierson said . They also offered prayers "  for the entire Arapahoe High School community , as we know your lives are forever changed by this horrific event . " Hundreds of people attended a vigil for Davis last Saturday . The shooting happened about 10 miles from where Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold killed 12 students and one teacher in a rampage at Columbine High School in April 1999 before killing themselves .	Parents of Claire Davis announce her death "  with unspeakable sadness " High school senior was shot December 13 by a classmate , who then killed himself Karl Pierson had been seeking revenge against a librarian , police say
CNN  -- Islamic radicals linked to al Qaeda have seized the northern half of Mali , one of Africa 's largest nations , and there are widespread concerns that the region could soon become a terrorist haven . The militants have been able to capitalize on the instability of the country , which has seen a rebellion and a government coup within the past few months . Now , about 500,000 Malians have fled their homes in fear of the violence and discrimination that come with the radicals ' strict interpretation of sharia law . CNN 's Erin Burnett has been meeting with rebels and refugees this week and reporting on the growing crisis in Mali . She talked to CNN.com about the security concerns , the desperate humanitarian issue and how the United States might respond . CNN.com : Why are some referring to Mali as "  the next Afghanistan " ? Erin Burnett : We 've talked to senior sources in the U.S. government and local rebels who say al Qaeda wants this to be their next haven . There is no government in northern Mali right now : it is remote and hard to access . Former intelligence officials tell me this is Qaeda 's last chance of a country as their haven , like Afghanistan was before this . I was told by locals that extremists are giving people satellite phones and saying , "  Call in when you see Westerners . " They 're paying people money in Timbuktu to become "  informants . " One man told me that families he knows were given 10 times the amount of money they would earn from herding  their normal work  to join the cause . But there are reasons it 's not like Afghanistan . One of them is that the type of Islam practiced in northern Mali and the areas around northern Mali is much more relaxed . Locals are not receptive to extreme interpretations of Islam : For example , the extremists banned music , putting a DJ I spoke to out of a job . This is a country that is world famous for loving music ! CNN.com : How did we get to this point ? Burnett : In the northern part of Mali , the Tuareg tribe has always wanted independence . Since Mali became independent from France in 1960 , they 've staged several rebellions . But the catalyst for what is happening here now is what happened in Libya . As Moammar Gadhafi was killed and Libya really fell into disarray , his weapons became available . The Tuareg -- many of whom fought for Gadhafi -- seized the weapons and went and fought against the Malian government and declared independence . In the southern part of Mali , people were really frustrated at the government 's inability to do anything about the rebellion , and they felt the government was corrupt and inept . So there was sort of what I understand to be an "  accidental " coup . Some of the commanders went in to complain , and the president left . Mali ended up without a government . Then , the Islamic radicals , who have long sought a bigger presence in that part of Africa , came in and fought the Tuareg . They overpowered them , and the north of Mali is now controlled by Islamists . There are some Tuareg fighting within northern Mali , and I am aware of camps they operate in the country . But they tell me they do n't have the weapons that the Islamic-linked militias have . Even the prime minister of Mali told me that his army has essentially no weapons to fight , and he needs them from the United States . Mali Islamists destroy tombs in Timbuktu CNN.com : Who are these radicals , and where did they come from ? Burnett : People refer to them as al Qaeda , but they 're also referred to by the names of their militias , such as Ganda Koy or Ansar Dine . Some are religiously motivated , and some are opportunists : They want control and money but are n't driven by religious beliefs . We discovered that they 're coming to northern Africa from several places : specifically , Libya , Algeria , Afghanistan . And there is one major radical militia  Ansar Dine  that is also Tuareg . The leader of that group is a Malian Tuareg who spent time in Saudi Arabia . CNN.com : A large majority of Malians are Muslim . How do they differ with the radicals ? Burnett : The brand of Islam is different , so there 's not a receptiveness to some of the more dramatic and restrictive parts of what the Islamic radicals want to do : for example , the full covering of the women , and women and men being separated . When I called the military leader of the main extremist group linked to al Qaeda , the leader would not talk to me because I was a woman . There 's no question that the local population does not want this . But still , some people buy in and go along with it . CNN.com : How serious is the outside threat posed by these extremists ? Burnett : I asked some Tuareg fighters what these Islamists say about America . They said that the Islamists tell people that Americans are like animals and like dogs . Some of that is the kind of propaganda that you expect to hear from al Qaeda-linked groups at this point . And saying these things is very different than saying someone 's going to be planning an attack on the United States . But their leaders have said their intention would be to use this as a base . Tuareg rebels were adamant in telling me that the radicals plan attacks on the U.S. and Europe . One expert who is concerned about the risk highlighted to me that 10 % of the population of France has links to northern Africa . The question is , at what point will the extremists be at a level of organization and stability to do this ? CNN.com : How many refugees are there , and how are they faring ? Burnett : There are about 250,000 of them , according to the U.N. , and the number is growing . Those are people who have left the country . There is also another 175,000 people internally displaced within Mali , according to humanitarian groups . It 's a very serious humanitarian problem . The World Food Program told me that they only have food for one more month in July . We saw people who are hungry . And there are diseases as well because of the conditions in the camps . What 's it going to be like if the food runs out ? CNN.com : How has the U.S. responded to this point , and how might they respond in the future ? Burnett : On the humanitarian side , the U.S. is the biggest donor to the efforts here . The CIA headquarters for Africa is reportedly based in Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso , and U.S. government sources told me the Islamic radicals tried and failed to shoot down a U.S. surveillance drone over Mali . But the president of Burkina Faso told me that if the U.S. is operating drones from his country , that 's not in the deal he has with the U.S. , and he 'd demand a new agreement . So the situation is ambiguous . And it 's also bad timing politically for President Obama . This week at a fundraiser , Obama said he has al Qaeda "  on the run . " That 's been the administration 's message for the past year . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta has said it ; CIA Director Gen. David Petraeus has said it . As al Qaeda and its offshoots grow in northern Mali , that message may sound off . And I think it 's important to mention something we experienced : that the "  state " borders are meaningless . The Islamists are also spilling over the border into neighboring countries , such as Burkina Faso . We went to that border , and the villagers were terrified of the Islamists , as they found out that one of the leaders was nearby that day . This leads to another question that matters to the U.S. : Could these radical groups destabilize other governments in the region ? It remains to be seen .	Al Qaeda-linked militia groups have taken control of northern Mali in Africa There are fears that the region could soon become a terrorist hot spot Malians flee the country because of the Islamists Erin Burnett : If the world does n't pay attention now , it could become really terrible
CNN  -- Bloodshed has unfortunately become commonplace in Iraq . And it reached a fevered pitch this year , the United Nations said in a monthly tally of violent deaths . At least 4,137 civilians have been killed and 9,865 more injured in the country since January . Add to that hundreds of security personnel . "  We have n't seen such numbers in more than five years , " said Gyorgy Busztin , a spokesman for the U.N. mission in Iraq . Sectarian factions bomb and shoot one another on a nearly daily basis , and reports on the violence often fade into the back rows of news coverage , as one month of deadly statistics follows another . But the dimension of the bloodletting is alarming , the U.N. reminded in its report Thursday . The U.N. 's total for July was 238 . And in June , 258 civilians were killed in Baghdad , the U.N. said . In those two months , an additional 1,411 people were injured in violence across the city . Across Iraq in those months , violence killed 1,818 people , the U.N. said . The U.N. on Thursday called out once more to Iraq 's political leaders to stop the mayhem . It does not want to see Iraq return to a level of death similar to that wrought during active combat . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Across Iraq , at least 4,137 civilians have been killed since January U.N. : "  We have n't seen such numbers in more than five years " In June and July , 496 people died in Baghdad violence , the U.N. mission in Iraq says
CNN  -- Thor Heyerdahl said he had fish practically leaping onto the Kon-Tiki during his cross-Pacific voyage in 1947 , but the bounty from the sea has n't been so rich for the crew of the Plastiki . With only three fish caught to date , they 've been relying on their larder for provisions . But it 's not a diet of ship 's biscuits , limes and rum rations for David de Rothschild and the crew ; their galley is complete with meals that would not look out of place at a chic San Francisco restaurant . In keeping with the ethos of the expedition , all the Plastiki 's food is sustainably sourced and where possible , organic . From beef bourguignon to lamb ragout and Thai chicken curry , the meals were devised by San Francisco-based foodies Jennifer Tuck and Nona Lim . Tuck and Lim are the gourmands behind Cook ! , a home-delivery sustainable food company . "  Our mission is to bring joy and fun back to your kitchen , or in your case , the galley , " said Lim and Tuck in their specially devised food guide for the Plastiki . "  In sum , these ingredients and meals hold lots of care and intention for the crew . " Keeping the crew buoyant and healthy are hundreds of pounds of fresh kale , cabbage , leeks , beets , chilies and other greens and many fruits . All were dried and packed before setting off . All the meats and meat dishes aboard come from grass-fed , sustainable livestock raised close to San Francisco . The meat was cooked alone or as a stew with very rich stock then placed in hot sterile jars and pressure-cooked to ensure freshness and preservation . The crew have more than 110 of these ready-meals to keep them going through the long journey . The crew might be more familiar with riggings than roulades but Lim and Tuck have a simple message for them when it comes to cooking : "  We encourage you to follow this bit of sage advice from Julia Child : ` Learn how to cook -- try new recipes , learn from your mistakes , be fearless , and above all have fun ! ' " Plastiki also is supplied with a nutritional guide for the crew advising them on what to eat and how to build meals that support the periods of high-level activity during the voyage . "  Incorporate protein steadily into all your meals , especially with breakfast . This will help keep your energy stronger and steadier , and help control your blood sugar levels throughout the day as well , " is a central piece of advice from the guide . Of course the all important rule is all on board is to hydrate well , something the crew discovered toward the end of the first leg of the journey , when water levels on board were so low not enough could be spared to keep the on-board hydroponic garden alive . "  After 20 days at sea we realized we were using more water for the plants than we anticipated and we were slightly concerned about our own water intake , " David de Rothschild told CNN . "  We took the decision to drink the water ourselves -LSB- instead of water the garden -RSB- . It was a sad day when the last of our kale wilted but we had a very good spinach omelette and said a fond farewell to it . "	Provisions onboard Plastiki come from sustainable and organic sources Boat 's ready-meals not out of place in a top restaurant Nutrition and cooking guide for crew provided by California-based gourmands Crew faced lower water rations at end of first leg of voyage
CNN  -- Presidential debates have n't been around forever . A woman has n't moderated a presidential debate in 20 years . A German immigrant is to thank for election season 's October verbal battles . And Abraham Lincoln might have pioneered debate zingers . Do n't believe us ? Read on . Fast facts  Howard K. Smith of CBS News moderated the first modern presidential debate in 1960 .  In 1992 , Carole Simpson of ABC became the first woman to moderate a debate . She was also the first African-American to do so .  Jim Lehrer of PBS moderated his 11th presidential debate on October 3 , 2012 . Those and the one vice presidential debate he moderated earns him the nod for the most debates moderated .  The Commission on Presidential Debates , founded in 1987 , is a nonprofit organization that produces the presidential and vice presidential debates . It is funded by private donations from foundations and corporations , but is controlled by the Republican and Democratic parties . Gloves off at second presidential debate The first modern presidential debate  The first televised debate was in October 1960 when then-Sen . John F. Kennedy and then-Vice President Richard Nixon went head to head in the debate watched by 66.4 million people . Sixty-one percent of voters watched it on television . Those who listened on radio thought the debate was a tie or that Nixon won . But for the 61 % , Kennedy 's charismatic performance in contrast to Nixon 's sallow appearance handed him the debate . Three more debates were televised in the 1960 contest and aired on all three networks : ABC , NBC and CBS . It was n't until the 1976 election that another general presidential debate was held .  The 1960 debate is also the first presidential debate -- all debates before then were in primaries or in congressional races . In 1940 , Republican presidential nominee Wendell Willkie challenged President Franklin D. Roosevelt to a debate but the incumbent dismissed it as a publicity stunt . Willkie later refused a debate challenge by Socialist party candidate Norman Thomas . Where they stand : The candidates and issues  An attempt by Friedrich Kahn , a University of Maryland student , in 1956 could have displaced the 1960 debate 's place in history . Kahn , an enterprising German immigrant , wanted presidential candidates to answer student questions in a debate format . To set it up , he reached out to national media outlets and to the former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt to set up a presidential debate between Dwight D. Eisenhower and Adlai Stevenson . Roosevelt said the debate could energize the student population and threw her clout behind Kahn 's initiative . Not wanting to serve as a political platform shortly after its university president used his position as a jumping off point for his gubernatorial run , the school banned political speeches on campus before the debate . The decision forced Kahn to cancel .  Some precursors to the modern presidential debate exist . The earliest of note was between then-Illinois congressmen Abraham Lincoln and Stephen Douglas in 1858 , who debated seven times in their run for the state 's U.S. Senate seat . Transcript : Second presidential debate What moments made history ?  Homeopathic soup : Lincoln might have pioneered debate zingers . In the 1858 debates , Lincoln famously called a Douglas policy on slavery in the territories , "  as thin as the homeopathic soup that was made by boiling the shadow of a pigeon that had starved to death . " Zing .  "  Are you better off now ... ? " : President Reagan first posed the question to the American public at the end of a presidential debate in 1980 . It was a gamble , but it paid off , his Democratic opponent , President Jimmy Carter , served for one term . Republicans co-opted the phrase at the 2012 Republican National Convention , as they tried to paint President Barack Obama as a Carter-like president . America 's voters : CNN Poll of polls  The sighs have it : In the 2000 election , then-Vice President Al Gore unloaded several heavy sighs while opponent then-Texas Gov. George W. Bush was answering questions . While focus groups thought Gore had performed better , the sigh heard round the world , parodied over and over , enforced the perception of Gore as a know-it-all . Not to blame Gore 's heavy breathing , but he later lost the election . Will 2012 debates make history ? Yes , TBD and not sure yet .  Yes : This year 's debate marks the first time in 20 years that a woman has moderated a presidential debate : CNN 's Candy Crowley . Including Crowley , there have been eight female moderators since 1960 . Another nugget about women and the debates ? Only two female candidates have ever taken part in a general election debate . Both Geraldine Ferraro in 1984 and Sarah Palin in 2008 were candidates for vice president .  TBD : There have been no defining zingers and gaffes thus far , although Joe Biden tried to recycle Lloyd Bentsen 's "  You , sir , are no Jack Kennedy , " delivered to Dan Quayle in the 1988 vice presidential debate . As Paul Ryan was talking about Kennedy cutting taxes , Biden retorted , "  So now you 're Jack Kennedy ? "  Not sure yet : Only two debates -- 1960 and 2000 -- were game-changers , a Gallup Survey found . But a CNN poll immediately after President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney 's first debate earlier this month showed that 67 % of debate watchers said Romney won -- the first time any presidential candidate has topped 60 % since the question was first asked in 1984 . A snapshot of the nation : CNN Electoral Map CNN 's Amy Roberts , Keating Holland , Alan Silverleib and Robert Yoon contributed to this report	Republicans and Democrats work together on one thing : presidential debates Danke schoen to a German University of Maryland student for presidential debates Abraham Lincoln , zingers and pigeon soup have something in common Only two debates have impacted the outcome of an election
CNN  I was on the phone with a friend in his junior year at my alma mater , UNC Chapel Hill , discussing his campus work and future goals , when his roommates relayed the news and he stopped , suddenly , and said : "  Mariem , Deah and his wife were shot . They are dead . " A ping of utter shock struck . Then dismissal . Denial . Thinking I must have misheard , I asked , "  You 're kidding , right ? " Of course , I would never think that my friend or anyone else I know would make light of such a thing , but it was too heavy a loss to swallow so quickly . In the minutes and hours that followed , I learned of the full magnitude of the situation . Deah Barakat , Yusor Mohammad and Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha , three beacons of light and honor in our communities , had each been shot in the head in their apartment , and died . It is difficult to put into words the rush of emotions that we all felt last night , and that continue to fill our hearts and bring pain to our souls . We lost so much in a matter of minutes . These three young Muslim Americans were active in their neighborhoods and communities , worked with local and international charities and relief efforts , supported their brothers and sisters in the Triangle community in their educational and professional pursuits , promoted love , tolerance and togetherness . They laughed with us , shared in others ' pains and sorrows , offered relief , and put their actions where their words so constantly were : striving for a better , more just and more caring world . In the hours that followed , as police arrived on the scene and began their investigation , family and friends gathered in the clubhouse of the apartment complex , grieving , praying with one another and offering comfort to the parents and siblings of our fallen . Deah and Yusor were barely six weeks married , a story of love , respect and support that warmed all our hearts . Razan , Yusor 's younger sister , was visiting her big sister and brother-in-law when they were killed . Police said their neighbor , Craig Stephen Hicks , came into their home and shot them . I can not imagine the sweltering hatred and utter disregard for human life that must have plagued the killer 's heart and soul , but all must know and honor the kinds of people Deah , Yusor and Razan were to understand how terribly they will be missed . A second year dental student at UNC Dental School and a community youth leader , Deah was the only one of the three I had met . He was an awe-inspiring model of all the absolute best attributes of humanity , and I am blessed to have known him . Yusor and Razan , though I never had the great honor of meeting either personally , radiated the most wonderful and captivating aura as I have ever seen . They were beloved by all who knew them , and they all made us better people , better friends , better brothers and sisters to our siblings , better children to our parents , better citizens and better Muslims . For them , and for all of us , our Islam is our guiding light , our motivation , the lens through which we see the world and our places in it . Our Islam -- Deah , Yusor and Razan 's Islam -- is the Islam of grassroots organizing , giving and promoting charity work , treating everyone with only the best manners and a smile , always a smile . Our Islam tells us to do what Prophet Jesus said and did , to "  honor thy neighbor as thyself . " These three did this every single day . Our Islam tells us to do what Prophet Mohammed said and did , to confront hate and evil with love and kindness . Deah , Yusor and Razan transformed this mantra into their lives ' work and passion , and lifted us all up in the process . They say you may not remember what a person says , but you will always remember how they made you feel . Well , these three made everyone they ever met feel cherished , valuable , empowered and loved . My prayers and those of my family and friends are for their souls ' everlasting peace and rest , for patience and strength to their families and loved ones to endure this tragedy , and for the God consciousness we all need to carry on after such devastating loss .	Three Muslim students near campus of University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill were shot Mariem Masmoudi : Our prayers are with Deah Barakat , Yusor Mohammad , and Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha
CNN  -- Science fiction flicks featuring aliens can be a little formulaic : Aliens invade American territory , mass destruction ensues , and nine times out of 10 , Will Smith rides to the rescue A company operative  Sharlto Copley  gets an alien 's attention in "  District 9 . " But the alien-infested "  District 9 , " opening in theaters Friday , takes things in a different direction -- if the producer may say so himself . "  It 's utterly original , " producer Peter Jackson -- yes , "  Lord of the Rings " helmsman Peter Jackson -- told Entertainment Weekly . "  In an industry that 's looking to make movies out of every obscure TV show , or sequels , or video games , you look at ` District 9 ' and it 's unlike anything you 've ever seen , " he said . With its inventive plot and crowd-pleasing special effects , the low-profile , relatively low-budget  $ 30 million , a pittance these days  film was a hit at Comic-Con , creating a buzz before the film 's release . The brainchild of newcomer Neill Blomkamp , "  District 9 " is a mash-up of the director 's love for science fiction with his rearing in an apartheid-divided South Africa . Set and shot in the shantytowns of Johannesburg , the film is a mix of action-movie shock and sociological food for thought . The mayhem begins when an alien spaceship runs out of fuel over South Africa in 1981 , and simply hovers idly in the sky . With no attack forthcoming , officials finally evacuate a group of aliens -- it turns out they 've fled their home world -- and corral them into barbed-wire ghettos , effectively separating the shrimp-like creatures from the human populace . Overseeing the aliens ' camp is the corporation Multi-National United  MNU  . It 's an obvious nod to South Africa 's own violent and divisive history , but director Blomkamp says he is n't aiming for political commentary . "  This is an organic thing that has grown out of me living in South Africa . I did n't want to go , ` Here 's a whole bunch of people that have been oppressed by this apartheid-esque society ' and beat people over the head with it , " he told CNN . "  I wanted to say , ` This is the city I grew up in , and this is what it felt like , ' with a science fiction veneer to it so that it does n't take itself that seriously . " Documentary-like authenticity was of prime importance to Blomkamp , and was the reason for his casting of fellow South African unknown Sharlto Copley as leading man . Copley has no prior acting experience , but critics have lauded his portrayal of Wikus van de Merwe , a private-sector employee who goes from being the oppressor to one of the oppressed after an accidental run-in with some DNA-transforming alien goo . "  Having grown up in South Africa , I was exposed to the tail end of apartheid as a child , -LSB- and -RSB- it 's something I felt I could relate to , " Copley said . "  Playing the character , I saw so clearly how you discriminate . ... The film deals with things that are fundamentally human . " "  District 9 " is also fundamentally a thriller , and there 's no shortage of gory , gritty scenes and clever special effects that will appeal to fans who like a little action with their sci-fi . Indeed , the film has been praised for its masterful use of special effects , weaving the technology seamlessly into the documentary-style scenes . Sometimes the two are in the very same shot , Blomkamp said . "  One of the first shots completed was a motherboard shot , where -LSB- computer-generated imagery -RSB- was incorporated into some of the handheld footage , and it felt like it was working , this idea of handheld stuff with -LSB- CGI -RSB- , " Blomkamp said . "  It set a good tone ; it captured the essence of what I was going for . " Not bad for a 29-year-old novice , who had previously directed short films and commercials . But that body of work was impressive enough to catch the eye of A-list producer Jackson , who originally had Blomkamp in mind for feature version of Halo , the video game . " -LSB- Jackson -RSB- had received all of the crazy short films and commercials I had done , and once I met him and hung out and got familiar with the kind of filmmaking universe he set up down there , he did sign off on me as director of ` Halo , ' " Blomkamp recalled . But , five months into the project , the plug was pulled on "  Halo . " "  Right away , -LSB- Jackson -RSB- said , ` If you want , you can stay in New Zealand and we can just keep the momentum going and allow another film to take place , ' " Blomkamp said . One of Blomkamp 's friends suggested his short film , "  Alive in Jo ` burg , " for feature treatment . Blomkamp ran with the concept , developing it alongside fellow screenwriter Terri Tatchell into "  District 9 . " "  It 's pretty cool , " Blomkamp said . "  I would 've packed my bags and left had -LSB- Jackson -RSB- not said that . " It 's been more than two years since Blomkamp started the project , and though he 's found the experience exhausting , he has quite a final product to show off . "  There is nothing better than to come out the end of that process and have it play in a movie theater , " he said . "  For that first film , I got what I had set out to do , -LSB- and -RSB- that 's a pretty awesome feeling . " CNN 's JD Cargill contributed to this story .	"  District 9 " offers sci-fi thrills with food for thought Aliens in South Africa are separated into a township ; apartheid similarities obvious Film made by relative unknowns who bring documentary-style realism to subject
Hong Kong  CNN  -- This is not worksafe . It 's a hyperlink to Hiropon , the pornographic fiberglass creation of Japanese contemporary artist Takashi Murakami . To spare you the mouse click , here 's the description . Hiropon is an anime-type character with monstrously huge lactating breasts that are spilling out of her bikini . She is both sick and ridiculous , a sculpture that -- I will admit -- makes me wince and laugh at the same time . This supersized fantasy figurine sold at an auction in 2002 for $ 427,500 and helped transform Murakami into a globally recognized art-world rock star . So when I sat down to interview the artist at the Gagosian Gallery in Hong Kong , I had to ask him what the hardcore Hiropon was all about . Was it a work of social satire ? Was he criticizing anime culture by exposing its often lustful portrayal of women as objects ? Not at all , says Murakami . It 's just a celebration of his teen years as a self-described otaku . "  I became an otaku when I was in high school and absorbed many different things from anime like its erotic and fantasy elements ... that very process resulted in that work , " he says , adding that his art is about finding his true self . Takashi Murakami is one of Asia 's hottest contemporary artists and an international art-world phenomenon . He 's known for an approach called "  superflat " -- a technique that combines high art and anime , while employing flat planes of color . The superflat movement propelled Murakami to fame in the 1990s and eventually caught the eye of designer Marc Jacobs . In 2002 , Jacobs , as creative director of Louis Vuitton , collaborated with Murakami to update the traditional LV logo . The handbag collection became a defining accessory of the decade . Murakami made his mark in a decade of excess marked by bling , botox and Big Brother . But even in that era of gloss and luxury spin , he used his superflat language to bare his innermost feelings and urges . There 's an honesty to his work , however plastic or shiny they appear . So Hiropon , along with his other otaku fantasies in fiberglass like Miss Ko2 , is what it is -- an adolescent wet dream made real . Even Murakami 's dazzling use of color comes from a true awkward moment of his past -- a teenage desire to please the hot girl in class . "  When I was doing painting as a freshman in university , an older female student came and told me that I severely lacked a sense of color , " says Murakami . "  It just so happened that her boyfriend was known for his outstanding sense of color . " "  You can imagine , as I was hoping to make a living as a painter , how upset that comment made me ! From that day on , I started studying the fundamentals of color . " A desire to please led to a love of dazzling color and his signature psychedelic color palette . A geeky love of sci-fi led to his universe of superflat creations like Mr. DOB , smiley-faced flowers and colorful mushrooms . And a willingness to bare his anime-fueled fantasies -- no matter how grotesque -- led to his super-sized figurines . If you happen to be in Hong Kong , you can get up close and personal with Murakami 's work at his latest exhibition , "  Flowers & Skulls , " at the Gagosian Hong Kong now until February 9 . Just look out for all the carefully-rendered nose hairs in his superflat self-portraits featured in the video above .	Japanese contemporary artist Takashi Murakami creates erotic , fantasy art with anime influence His "  superflat " approach combines high art , anime and flat planes of color He employs his signature psychedelic color palette in figurines and fashion collaboration
CNN  -- It is one of the most passionate derbies in world football . Not only do Internazionale and AC Milan share a city , they also share a stadium -- the San Siro -- but as they prepare to meet for the first time this season the notoriously febrile atmosphere this enduring fixture generates might be significantly muted . The Italian authorities have ordered the closure of the Curva Nord section of the stadium , where Inter 's most vociferous fan congregate , in response to chanting aimed at Napoli supporters in their game last weekend . Now , in what is Inter 's "  home " game , the Nerazzurri risk being outnumbered by the fans of their bitter rival club . It is the latest in a string of turf war incidents that come under the banner of territorial discrimination , where regional disputes between sets of fans are played out in chants during top-flight matches . While the Italian Football Federation  FIGC  used to hand out hefty fines to deal with such incidents , clubs agreed prior to the start of the season to use the threat of stadium closures in order to tackle the problem head on . Juventus ' stadium was partially closed for two Serie A matches earlier this season after their fans sang derogatory chants during a victory over Napoli , prompting an appeal from the club 's general manager Beppe Marotta for their supporters to stop bellowing "  self-harming " songs . Italian football is now locked in a duel fight , to try and combat incidents of racist chanting towards black players that have blighted the game both this season and last , and these long-running spats between different parts of Italy 's cities as well as its regions . Italians frequently define themselves by their region and that regionalism is often played out in the nation 's football stadiums . And in an interview with CNN World Sport in October , Juve 's president Andrea Agnelli said it was vitally important to make a distinction between racism an these regional turf wars . "  Italy is the land of the 1,000 boroughs , " Agnelli exclusively told CNN . "  There is rivalry between two boroughs that are 50 meters away and they do n't talk to each other . "  A lot of what goes under racism in terms of international news is actually territorial discrimination . Is that acceptable ? No , but it is completely different to racism . "  It is the same song that has been sung for 25 or 30 years and suddenly what happened in August , the board of the  Italian  federation changed the  punishment  from administrative fines to penalties that led to the closure of a part of the stadium or the stadium itself . " Agnelli argued it was "  nonsense " that the new edicts had effectively handed too much power to hardcore groups of fans who are usually the protagonists when offensive songs are aired . "  As it stands , it is unreasonable and it obviously gives too much control to the group of hardcore fans ; now they have a tool to decide what is going to happen . "  Again , there is that subtle but definitive distinction between racism and typical Italian territorial confrontation . "  It is going to be difficult to  change anything  in the middle of the season because some punishments have already been done . " A group of Inter 's fans have also called the closure of the Curva Nord "  nonsensical " while some say they plan on boycotting the match in response to the league 's decision . Stadium closures have become a frequent occurrence over the past few seasons in Italian football , but mostly in response to incidents of a racist nature . The most high profile came in a friendly match between AC Milan and lower league team Pro Patria in January 2013 , when AC midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng left the field after being the subject of monkey noises from a section of the home support . Specter of racism His protest made headlines around the globe and prompted soccer 's authorities to confront the ugly specter of racism in football . The game 's world governing body FIFA subsequently set up a racism task force that suggested harsher punishments for players or clubs found guilty of discrimination . But still the abuse continued . In May 2013 , Boateng -- who now plays for Schalke in Germany -- and teammates Mario Balotelli and Sulley Muntari were the targets when Milan 's clash with Roma was temporarily halted as visiting fans chanted racist abuse at the trio . Agnelli acknowledged there is a problem in Italian football regarding racism and welcomed the tougher stance from the game 's ruling bodies but warned it would still take some time before players from different cultures were fully embraced . "  Any form of racism should be fought , " he said . "  In Italy there is a high degree of attitudes that are n't ready for embracing different cultures and religions . "  I came to high school in England in the late 1980s , early 1990s , and there are things that were said then that were considered normal that would be considered unreasonable now . "  The UK has started much earlier than us in terms of embracing different cultures and regions . "  The UK has always had a much higher percentage of black people in the country so it was much more normal for you . "  We are in the United Kingdom of the 1970s  in Italy  so you have to place things into context . "  If you judge it from a British point of view , what has happened is unacceptable , but you have to understand that you need to take some steps before certain aspects are digested and made familiar and embraced by a population , a culture and a country . " Agnelli says it is hypocritical for clubs to be complaining about the punishments when they voted them through prior to the start of the season . "  Up until last year the same chants were sung and it was an administrative fine ,    20,000 or    30,000 and nobody cared , " he said . "  Suddenly , because of these penalties , it came to the news . "  Italy is very peculiar on that front , so you should distinguish between territorial discrimination -- which we are not in favor of -- but it is very different from racism , they are not on the same level . "  The same people who  have been  moaning about it are the same people that in August voted that they were fine with the fines that would be given . "  So there has to be a step up in terms of attention into everything that happens in the governance of football because that was obvious and evident it was coming . "	Part of San Siro stadium shut for the derby between Inter and AC Milan on Sunday Curva Nord to lie empty after league punish discriminatory chants from Inter 's fans Italian football battling with regional discrimination and cases of racist chanting Juve president tells CNN it 's vital to distinguish between regional discrimination and racism
CNN  -- Exploring the heavens with spaceships and fancy orbiting telescopes like the Hubble is pretty routine stuff for NASA . But the space agency is going low-tech to get a good look at an eagerly anticipated comet . The space agency plans to launch a balloon -- yes , a balloon -- to study Comet ISON , the much-hyped comet that many hope will put on a big sky show in coming months . Astronomers are scrambling to figure out ways to learn more about the comet , and that 's where the balloon comes in . This is n't the kind of balloon you buy for kids at a party store , but they do have some things in common . NASA says its scientific balloons are made of polyethylene film like the material in plastic bags , and it will be filled with helium , just like a party balloon . But the NASA balloons can carry a payload weighing 8,000 pounds  3,600 kilograms  , or about the weight of three small cars . It has a gondola to carry the instruments . Some similar balloons can fly up to 26 miles high and stay for up to two weeks . The 671-foot-tall balloon that will monitor ISON is called BRRISON , or Balloon Rapid Response for ISON . According to NASA , it will float about 120,000 feet above Earth to observe the comet -- and other science targets -- using a telescope and other instruments . It is expected to stay up from nine to 11 hours . "  By ascending above 99.5 % of the Earth 's atmosphere , BRRISON will be able to study the materials within the comet , " Andy Cheng , principal investigator , said on BRISSON 's website . "  It 's possible that water and organic chemicals on comets may have played an important role in the evolution of life on Earth . " The launch , from NASA 's Columbia Scientific Balloon Facility in Fort Sumner , New Mexico , is targeted for 8 p.m. ET on Saturday , weather permitting . Comet ISON is nearing Mars on its way toward the sun and will fly about 730,000 miles above the sun 's surface on November 8 . If it survives , it could brighten and put on a big show as it passes Earth 's orbit on its way back to the outer reaches of the solar system . Comet enthusiasts hope they will be able to see it without binoculars or telescopes . Its closest approach to Earth would be December 26 , and it could be visible from the Northern Hemisphere for weeks in early 2014 . Things to know about Comet ISON The comet was discovered by Russian astronomers Vitali Nevski and Artyom Novichonok in September 2012 . It is named after their night-sky survey program , the International Scientific Optical Network , a group of observatories in 10 countries organized to track objects in space . Amateur astronomers already are posting pictures and making calculations about the comet 's future . For those who want to try to track Comet ISON themselves , NASA has some tips on its Comet ISON website .	A giant NASA balloon is being used to get a good look at Comet ISON The balloon will rise to 120,000 feet Comet ISON could put on show this winter
CNN  -- President Obama spoke Thursday about the unrest in Ferguson , Missouri -- an unrest that began in response to the shooting of Michael Brown , an 18-year-old boy with no criminal record . While the community searched for answers about the killing , answers were slow to come -- both from city officials and police . The name of the officer who shot Brown was not released until today . Citizens , exercising their First Amendment right to peaceful assembly , protested . The police have responded with riot gear , military equipment and tear gas -- banned in international warfare , but used more than once in Ferguson . Against this backdrop , President Obama struck the correct tone , telling the country to "  take a step back to think about how to move forward . " He 's tasked both the FBI and Department of Justice with independently investigating Brown 's death , and he has spoken with Missouri 's Gov. Jay Nixon about the details on the ground in Ferguson . Opinion : Obama needs to lead on racial profiling legislation While there was no direct mention of the role of race in Brown 's killing and the protests that ensued , the President emphasized the shared values of all parties involved . He urged the local authorities to be transparent and to protect citizens ' rights to peacefully protest . He urged local citizens to refrain from looting or vandalism and to uphold public order . And he urged everyone to start the path to healing from this tragedy . Full coverage of Ferguson shooting I do hope that we can begin on this path of healing , but the events in Ferguson are a microcosm of larger forces that pervade American society . First , initial eyewitness reports from Brown 's friends indicate that Brown raised his hands and tried to explain he was unarmed , but the police officer began shooting . The tendency to shoot first , ask questions later -- particularly when dealing with young black men -- is an issue the police force must confront . Second , the subsequent reluctance of the police to release details about such a grave use of deadly force is of concern . In a democratic society , we need the authorities responsible for protecting us and given authority to apprehend us to be responsive and transparent . 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting Third , when the community has a grievance with the authorities , the authorities ' first response should not be an extreme crackdown , characteristic of autocratic countries like Russia . To send militarized units with combat-like gear and weapons into the heart of a suburban community where protests are occurring , is deeply troubling . Fourth , the tendency of some in the mainstream media to use pictures of Brown that reinforce a "  thuggish " stereotype has to stop . The twitter hashtag #IfTheyGunnedMeDown has effectively been used to show how the media could reduce an individual to a stereotype with simply one Facebook picture . Opinion : Obama , ca n't you see black anger in Ferguson ? The situation in Ferguson is changing hourly , but there is hope . With Gov. Nixon 's decision to take law enforcement duties out of the hands of St. Louis County and put it into the hands of other law enforcement groups , there could be a return to effective law enforcement . I 'm glad to hear the President will continue to monitor the situation and offer federal support to ensure a transparent investigation . When one of our communities experiences tragedy , it deserves answers and it deserves the right to express grievances . I continue to pray for the family and friends of Michael Brown and for a community torn apart to begin to heal .	Donna Brazile : President Obama struck the right tone in asking us to "  move forward " Brazile : While race likely played a role , I hope we can begin the path of healing She says tendency of police to shoot first and ask questions later must be dealt with Brazile : Extreme crackdown of police on suburban community is deeply troubling
CNN  -- In a stunning achievement for unionists and Democrats , critics of the Wisconsin governor Scott Walker marshaled over a million signatures for a petition that has made it possible for Walker to lose his office in a recall election this spring . If so , that would be the first successful gubernatorial recall in Wisconsin history and only the third in that of the United States . Walker blundered last year by pushing through the state legislature a hugely unpopular law that cripples public-sector collective bargaining and thereby suffocates most government unions . Coming on the heels of the November referendum in Ohio , which overturned a similar Republican-sponsored law , it 's clear that the American trade union movement is not yet dead . Indeed , the defense of these venerable institutions retains the capacity to put thousands in the streets and mobilize millions of voters , not all of whom are card-carrying unionists by any means . But those hostile to unionism are hardly backing off . In Indiana , where Republicans control the legislature and governor 's mansion , they are about to pass a state "  Right-to-Work " law similar to those anti-union statutes long ago enacted in deep red states as South Carolina and Texas . And in the nation 's capital , Republican legislators are on the warpath against the very existence of the National Labor Relations Board , the 75-year-old agency whose Depression-era mandate fosters the capacity of workers to form "  unions of their own choosing . " Why the fuss , when private sector trade unions enroll but one out of every 14 workers and public sector unions have hardly grown in more than 30 years ? Meanwhile the strike has practically vanished from the American landscape - there were at least ten times more each year in the 1970s - and the negotiation of a new union contract , in both the public and private sectors , is considered a labor victory if the workers escape without too many givebacks . Political rhetoric during this campaign season fails to capture what 's at stake . The Republicans denounce the pensions long ago negotiated by public sector unions as too expensive and they keep up attacks on the contributions of "  Washington union bosses " to the Democrats . For their part , most Democrats , and this includes President Barack Obama , rarely offer a full-throated defense of the labor movement itself . Instead they frame the Republican anti-union offensive in the Midwestern states largely as an assault on the middle class , as if questions of power and ideology were not at stake . But the fate of unionism is all about class power in American society and the ideologies that motivate those who either defend or defame these institutions . The Occupy Wall Street protests have moved issues of economic inequality closer to the top of the contemporary political agenda , but it 's the unions -- in their sometimes plodding and prosaic fashion -- that have long ameliorated the stark disparities of wealth and income that an unfettered capitalism so naturally produces . Tax fairness is a big political issue this campaign season , but of far greater impact on the distribution of American wealth and power is the existence of a union movement and the prospect that it might one day grow again . In the middle decades of the 20th century , when incomes were less unequal -- economists called this the era of the "  great compression " -- the trade unions were potent , both at the bargaining table and in politics . Conversely , there is much evidence to show that the sharp decline in private sector unionism since the late 1970s is connected to the rising inequality we have today . When they are strong , unions can limit the prerogatives of individual businessmen , government officials and the untamed workings of the labor market . Contemporary free-market conservatives find all this intolerable , which is why governors like Scott Walker and New Jersey 's Chris Christie so often seek to demonize the trade unions as corrupt and omnipotent . Fortunately , that rhetoric has found its limit , first in Ohio and now in Wisconsin where more than a million citizens put down their names endorsing the union idea . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter for updates Join the conversation with CNN Opinion on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nelson N. Lichtenstein	Over a million signatures have been submitted to recall Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin Nelson Lichtenstein : It 's clear that the American trade union movement is not yet dead He says that the fate of unionism is all about class power and income distribution He says that people are realizing the importance of unions and are fighting on their behalf
CNN  -- Jessica Simpson is a married woman -- again . The star married her beau , retired NFL player Eric Johnson , on Saturday in Santa Barbara , California . The couple , who began dating in 2010 , are the parents of 2-year-old daughter Maxwell and 1-year-old son Ace . According to People , which snagged an exclusive portrait of Simpson in her custom Carolina Herrera wedding gown and veil , the event proved to be "  the happiest moment of our lives , " according to Simpson . "  The whole weekend was magical for us , " she told People . "  We feel complete . " E! reported that according to a source , the groom got choked up while reciting his vows , while the bride had to start her vows over after inserting her name for his . Simpson was previously married to singer Nick Lachey , with whom she starred in the very successful MTV reality series "  Newlyweds : Nick and Jessica . " The pair split in 2005 and Lachey later married actress and former MTV personality Vanessa Minnillo in 2011 .	The singer got married on July 5 The couple have two children She told People , "  We feel complete "
CNN  Bold claims for new battery technology have been around since the invention of the lead-acid battery more than 150 years ago . But researchers at Manchester University in the UK say their latest discovery involving the new wonder material graphene could be the most revolutionary advance in battery technology yet . According to a study published in the journal Nature , graphene membranes could be used to sieve hydrogen gas from the atmosphere -- a development that could pave the way for electric generators powered by air . "  It looks extremely simple and equally promising , " said Dr Sheng Hu , a post-doctoral researcher in the project . "  Because graphene can be produced these days in square metre sheets , we hope that it will find its way to commercial fuel cells sooner rather than later . " Pencil power At the heart of the technology is the remarkable physical properties of graphene -- a substance with the same atomic structure as the lead found in the humble household pencil . Isolated in 2004 by a team from Manchester University headed by Andrew Geim and Kostya Novoselov -- both of whom won the Nobel Prize for Physics for their discovery in 2010 -- graphene is already well known as a technological game-changer . The first two-dimensional crystal known to science , graphene is the thinnest , lightest and strongest object ever obtained . It is harder than diamond and 200 times stronger than steel . Flexible , transparent and able to conduct electricity even better than copper , the ground-breaking substance is set to revolutionize everything from smartphones and wearable technology to green technology and medicine . Renowned for its barrier qualities , graphene is just one atom thick - more than a million times thinner than a human hair . Membrane technology The latest discovery makes graphene attractive for possible uses in proton-conducting membranes which are at the core of modern fuel-cell technology . Fuel cells work by using oxygen and hydrogen as a fuel , converting the chemical energy produced by its input directly into electricity . However , current membranes that separate the protons necessary for this process are relatively inefficient , allowing contamination in the fuel crossover . Using graphene membranes could boost their efficiency and durability . The team found the protons passed through the ultra-thin crystals with relative ease , especially at raised temperatures and with the use of a platinum-based catalyst coated on the membrane film . Harvesting hydrogen The most surprising aspect of the research , however , found the membranes could be used to extract hydrogen from the atmosphere . The scientists said such harvesting could be combined with fuel cells to create a mobile electric generator fueled simply by hydrogen present in air . "  When you know how it should work , it is a very simple setup . You put a hydrogen-containing gas on one side , apply small electric current and collect pure hydrogen on the other side . This hydrogen can then be burned in a fuel cell . "  We worked with small membranes , and the achieved flow of hydrogen is of course tiny so far . But this is the initial stage of discovery , and the paper is to make experts aware of the existing prospects . To build up and test hydrogen harvesters will require much further effort . " Currently , hydrogen is obtained nearly entirely from fossil fuels . Graphene revolution Already scientists are finding new ways of processing graphene and new applications for the invisible substance . Because it is flexible and stretchable , it makes it an ideal candidate for solar generation . New research from the Institute of Photonic Sciences in Spain showed that graphene could be far more efficient in the transformation of light into energy . The study found that unlike silicon , which generates only one current-driving electron for each photon it absorbs , graphene can produce multiple electrons . Although the application of graphene in solar cells is only theoretical , the potential could be staggering . Solar cells made with graphene could offer 60 % solar cell efficiency -- double the widely-regarded maximum efficiency of silicon cells . Apart from uses in transportation , where its lightness and strength stands to transform the manufacture of cars and planes to make them more fuel efficient , graphene has been studied as a corrosion-proof coating for packaging and even super-thin condoms . In medicine , researchers say it could be used to deliver drugs to specific sites in the body and is being developed as a treatment for people with brain conditions . In industry , its use as a membrane is being studied as a means of purifying water and even as a way of extracting salt and other elements from sea water to make it drinkable . Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : Wind farms of the future go underwater Is the Darknet a glimpse into the web of the future ? China 's impact on the future of e-commerce	Researchers in the UK say the latest discovery involving wonder material graphene could revolutionize batteries Graphene is 200 times stronger than steel and a million times thinner than a human hair The material , which has the same atomic structure as the lead in pencils , is impermeable to atoms and molecules Scientists found that positively charged hydrogen atoms could pass through it with implications for fuel cell efficiency
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Human rights groups are asking President-elect Barack Obama to pay early attention to the crisis in Sudan 's troubled Darfur region , where government forces have waged a bloody war against militias that some international critics have characterized as genocide . Sudan President Omar al-Bashir has agreed to a cease-fire with rebels , which could give the U.S. an opening . "  We 've seen the military surge in Iraq . We 've seen the development surge that NATO 's announced for Afghanistan , " said Darfur activist John Prendergast . "  What 's really needed in Sudan and the broader Horn and East Africa region is a peace surge . " Prendergast 's ENOUGH organization to combat genocide is a project of the Center for American Progress , a Democratic think tank run by Obama 's transition co-chairman , John Podesta . Prendergast and other Darfur activists penned a recent letter to Obama , asking him to designate a team to focus solely on the Darfur issue within the first 100 days of his administration . "  It 's about putting a few people , a team of people , on the case with the objective to end the crisis in Sudan , not simply manage the symptoms through massive amounts of humanitarian aid and peacekeeping support , " he said . Fighting in the western region of Darfur started in 2003 , when rebels began an uprising and the government launched a counterinsurgency campaign . The Sudanese authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels draw strength . In the past five years , an estimated 300,000 people have been killed through direct combat , disease or malnutrition , the United Nations said . Another 2.7 million people have been forced to flee their homes because of fighting among rebels , government forces and allied Janjaweed militias . During the presidential campaign , Obama called the crisis in Darfur "  a collective stain on our national and human conscience " and said he would make ending it a priority on "  Day One . " Obama has promised to appoint a special envoy to deal with the Darfur issue and implementing the Comprehensive Peace Agreement , which ended the decades-long civil war between the North and South . That agreement could be a model for a peace process in Darfur , Prendergast said . Although the United States does not have to lead the peace process , it could be an active partner in the global effort to develop a strategy for getting the various parties in Sudan together , he said . "  There will be much bigger issues , much bigger fish to fry in the kitchen for the new Obama administration . No question , " he said . "  But part of governing is walking and chewing gum and eating crackers and doing all this stuff at the same time . And we think the administration can make the creation of a sustained serious peace process for Darfur a top priority . " Obama could have an opening to make a difference in Darfur . Sudan President Omar al-Bashir has agreed to an immediate , unconditional cease-fire with Darfur 's rebels , which could pave the way for international talks . Activists have called on the incoming Obama administration to strengthen the current arms embargo and continue to support investigations by the International Criminal Court into war crimes by al-Bashir , leading Sudanese officials and certain members of rebel groups . More pressure , Prendergast said , should be brought to bear on countries like China , which has vast oil interests in Sudan . During the campaign , Obama said that if elected , the crisis in Darfur would be elevated to a major issue in the bilateral U.S. dialogue with China .	Human rights activist calls for "  peace surge " in Darfur , Sudan Activists ask Obama to create team to focus on Darfur in first 100 days During campaign , Obama said ending crisis would be a priority on "  Day One "
CNN  -- With my last CNN.com column , I managed to start a small kerfuffle among conservatives . I wrote about how pathetic it is that historically , most Oscar-winning directors and producers have been white men -- and how this reflects implicit bias more broadly in Hollywood and our society in general . Some people on Twitter criticized my argument . Among other things , they accused me of playing the race card -- echoing a very contorted line of conservative idea that liberals who call out racism in society are actually the racists . And so I responded with a question : This was a question to conservatives about how they would otherwise explain the lack of black Oscar-winning and nominated directors and producers , if they do n't attribute it to racism . However , conservatives interpreted the question as though I was blaming them for implicit racial bias in Hollywood . For the record , I was not . What I was doing was accusing our dominant cultural institution in America of at the very least failing to challenge the implicit biases of society in general and at worst replicating them . In my original essay , I wrote : "  Does Hollywood exclude women and people of color in powerful director and producer roles more than other facets of American business and society ? Probably not , but who cares ? That does n't make the critique any less worth leveling . " Which brings us to kerfuffle number two . Saturday evening , while watching the Disney animated film "  Frozen " with my 5-year-old daughter , I tweeted : Yet again , I got rapped for it . Reactions ranged from "  children do not need to be indoctrinated into your pro-dyke anti-natural family propaganda " to "  Kids movies should be off limits to far left ideology . " Some even accused me of being a pedophile . Lovely Internet . And my tweet was reposted and condemned on several conservative websites , from Twitchy to Breitbart 's Big Hollywood and more . That 's the context . And so , since conservatives are jonesing for a conversation about this , let 's have at it ! Culture with a capital-C is political . The rise of Mackelmore or Jay Z is as much about talent as a calculation on the part of the record industry to factor in race . Women 's necklines and hemlines are conscious decisions about gender and sexuality made by the fashion industry . And yes , Disney movies are political , too -- from the decision that all the female characters should have one-inch waistlines to the idea that princes are heroes and princesses need saving to the fact that all Disney princesses were white until Mulan , Jasmine and Tiana came along . Choices about what families are portrayed or excluded in Disney movies , and children 's movies in particular , are political . Laws prohibiting interracial marriage were struck down by the Supreme Court in 1967 , but as far as I know , there has still not been a biracial or multiracial family at the center of a Disney film  though at least Sofia the First is potentially a teeny-weeny step in the right direction  . Despite the fact that one in four children in the United States today is being raised by a single parent , single moms in Disney movies are mostly portrayed as evil  think "  Cinderella " and "  Snow White "  . At least single fathers get better treatment  "  Pinocchio " and "  Beauty and the Beast "  . While it appears that there is a gay family depicted in Disney 's latest film , "  Frozen , " and there are six other reasons why "  Frozen " may be the most forward-looking Disney film yet , the film still continues a long and unbroken chain of hetero-normative children 's movies . HLN : Meet Disney 's first same-sex couple ! Look , I 'd be happy if we could get a brave , independent , non-offensively-skinny , non-obsessively-boy-crazy princess who is n't then Photoshopped for sex appeal . That would be nice for my daughter to see . But of course I want to see children 's films go a step further and actively reflect the full , positive diversity of families in America today -- including gay families like mine . After all , we 're talking about Hollywood -- land of the gays and those who love them ! Is this really too much to ask ? Gay rights are sweeping the globe , supported morally and politically by an overwhelming majority of Americans . The fact is mass culture is incredibly , frustratingly reactionary . It can seem that Miley Cyrus is twerking far before any of us are ready to see it , but the fact is that 's just the corporate-backed culture industry picking up on underground trends in mass culture and amplifying them . Conversations about race and gender and sexuality in mainstream film often lag behind society as well . There are times when film can propel society in the right direction , whether it 's "  In the Heat of the Night " or "  Tootsie " or "  Philadelphia " or any other number of groundbreaking films . We do n't think of children 's films as a space for social progress and yet that 's exactly where our society 's norms and ideals are most embedded -- how the next generation learns right and wrong and good and evil and inclusion and exclusion can start when people are young . Hollywood can do a better job of making inclusive kids ' movies that reflect the wonderful diversity of 21st century America . So yes , it 's high time that we have a Disney movie in which a princess marries a princess . And a prince marries a prince . And a plumber marries a schoolteacher -- for crying out loud , why must everyone be royal and rich ?! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn .	Sally Kohn : What kind of families are portrayed in Disney movies are political choices Kohn : "  Frozen " may be the most forward-looking Disney film , but it still has a long way to go She asks , why ca n't children 's films actively reflect the diversity of families in America Kohn : It 's time that we have a Disney movie in which a princess marries a princess
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Since the Democrats chose to host their convention in Charlotte , North Carolina , in a state that has not been hospitable to unions , organized labor is going to have a rally to focus attention on its key issues in Philadelphia on August 11 . The rally is meant to send a message to the Democratic leadership , as well as to Republicans , that many workers feel as if they do n't have a voice in the two-party system . As AFL-CIO President Rich Trumka said to members , the rally will "  give us an opportunity to connect the faces of ordinary Americans to the basic issues affecting working people in our country while providing an important liftoff to our Labor 2012 political program for the fall . " The rally is indicative of a larger tension that has plagued the Democratic coalition for several decades . Since the 1960s , organized labor , once the pillar of the Democratic Party , has often been taken for granted or even treated with hostility . Senate Republicans block DISCLOSE Act for 2nd straight day Union leaders frequently complain that they have second-class status in the party compared with other groups such as environmentalists or suburban voters . During the battle over public employee unions in Wisconsin , most national Democrats were noticeably absent from the debate . Before the Wisconsin gubernatorial election that followed the recall , President Obama was willing to tweet his support for Gov. Scott Walker 's opponent , Tom Barrett , but unwilling to actually visit . This fissure has high costs for the Democrats and for liberalism more generally . Organized labor has been integral to the organizational strength of liberalism throughout the 20th century , as the most reliable and powerful force to get out the vote in elections and to help build congressional coalitions behind progressive legislation . The alliance , which formed when the AFL helped President Woodrow Wilson during the early stages of World War I , flourished during the New Deal . Democrats won the support of workers as a result of the surge of legislation that helped working - and middle-class Americans find economic security . The Wagner Act  1935  cemented this marriage as the federal government legitimated the right of workers to organize in unions . Labor leaders like Sidney Hillman from the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America , who helped found the CIO , established the first political action committee to help FDR win re-election in 1944 . During World War II , most of the major unions were a key part of the homeland effort , assisting the administration as it moved to convert factories to wartime production . In 1948 , President Harry Truman would not have won re-election had it not been for organized labor , which in the final weeks of the campaign mobilized its troops to defeat New York Gov. Thomas Dewey . "  Labor did it ! " cried Truman , who won the vote of 89 % of the automobile workers , recounted historian Nelson Lichtenstein . Although a Republican was in the White House for most of the 1950s , organized labor helped a growing number of liberal Democrats win office in the House and Senate . They promoted proposals for civil rights and health insurance for the elderly that gradually gained support in the House and Senate . In addition to supporting Lyndon 's Johnson 's election campaign in 1964 , the AFL-CIO , which had formed in 1955 when the two major coalitions of unions decided to merge , proved integral to lobbying for Johnson 's domestic proposals . George Meany , the president of the AFL-CIO , and Walter Reuther , the vice president of the AFL-CIO and the head of the United Auto Workers , were regular visitors to the White House , helping Johnson not only with bills directly related to labor but with other parts of his domestic agenda , ranging from the War on Poverty to civil rights . When he feared there were not enough votes among Democrats for the war on poverty , LBJ relied on organized labor to pressure business in Pennsylvania to push liberal Republicans in the state to support the bill . Even Jimmy Carter , who in 1976 ran as an outsider and railed against traditional Democratic interests , depended on unions to bring out the vote and on unionized workers to vote for him in key industrial states for his victory on election day . The relationship between labor and Democrats frayed after the 1970s . One of the reasons was that organized labor simply lost much of its muscle . Membership declined dramatically from the highs of 30 % of the work force in the 1950s and the 1960s to a little over 12 % today . With fewer members , more Democrats were tempted to look elsewhere to build their electoral muscle . Organized labor also suffered as Democrats reached out more aggressively to different constituencies , middle class suburbanites , consumer activists , young Americans and African-Americans , who did n't have as much connection to unions and often saw them as an "  entrenched interest " that did n't have the best interest of the party in mind . These tensions started to play out in the 1972 election , when Meany endorsed Richard Nixon rather than Democrat George McGovern . Some working-class Americans proved to be more conservative on cultural issues and often opposed to civil rights policies that Democrats had promoted . And some union leaders felt that Democrats were becoming too dovish on foreign policy . The tensions continued to affect the electorate through the 2008 primary , when Hillary Clinton tried to appeal to working-class Democrats who felt that Obama favored other factions in the party . Finally , the expansion and strengthening of the lobbying world since the 1970s vastly increased the number of interest groups who favored business . These groups provided financial support to members of both parties and often made it difficult for Democrats to take a pro-union stand . But Democrats ca n't afford to lose the enthusiastic support of organized labor . Of all the groups in the Democratic coalition , labor remains the one with the greatest ground force and organizational strength -- and which represents a constituency rather than a particular issue  like the environment  -- that can help Democrats sustain a broad coalition . During Obama 's struggle with Congress over health care , labor was essential in the final days of the congressional vote to convincing unhappy liberals to support a bill even without a public option . In this election , labor will be integral in the handful of swing states that will determine the outcome . With heightened economic inequality and high rates of unemployment , unions have the ability to have even greater resonance with the electorate . Obama and the Democratic Party will suffer unless the party starts to demonstrate that the concerns of working Americans are more than campaign rhetoric but are , in fact , a defining feature of their party . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Unions are planning rally August 11 to promote agenda before conventions Julian Zelizer : Labor believes neither party has acted with their best interest in mind For decades , Democrats have had a standoffish attitude to labor unions , he says Zelizer : Democrats must have labor 's support , with all of its organizational power
CNN  -- Despite supporters ' hopes that this time it 's different , President Barack Obama 's new call for restricting some semi-automatic rifles and high-capacity magazines will face deeply entrenched resistance in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives and could be a long shot even in the Democratic-led Senate . Any gun legislation sent to the House "  is going to have to pass with most Democrats and a few Republicans , " said Nathan Gonzales , deputy editor of the Rothenberg Political Report . "  This would be an even more high-profile bill . " Read the proposals And Obama 's call for Congress to reinstate the federal ban on military-style rifles that expired in 2004 "  is a further reach than some of the other proposals that are being tossed around , " Gonzales said . "  There is no way that it is going to pass with a majority of Republican support , " he said . "  That is just the reality of the situation . It is going to take virtually all the Democrats , and all the Democrats wo n't vote for that . " Obama and Vice President Joe Biden laid out a package of measures aimed at reducing gun violence Wednesday , just over a month after the December massacre at a Connecticut elementary school . The killings of 26 people there followed a July rampage in a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , that left 12 dead and the August attack on a Sikh temple in Wisconsin that killed another six . "  The world has changed , and it 's demanding action , " said Biden , who led a White House task force on gun violence after the Connecticut slayings . But before the announcement , local officials in at least three states vowed to resist any new gun controls . And Second Amendment fans have poured out their vituperation online , some floridly warning of a power grab by the Obama administration . A look at U.S. gun laws Texas state Rep. Steve Toth told CNN on Wednesday that he 'll introduce legislation that would make it illegal to enforce a federal gun ban . "  We 're going to do everything we can to call people back to the belief and the understanding that we 're a constitutional republic and that our rights do not come from Congress , " he said . "  Our rights come from God and are enumerated in the Constitution . " And in a video that spread virally across the Internet , the head of a Tennessee gun training and accessory company warned "  all you patriots " to "  get ready to fight " if the Obama administration took steps to restrict firearms . "  I am not letting my country be ruled by a dictator . I 'm not letting anybody take my guns . If it goes one inch further , I 'm gon na start killing people , " Tactical Response CEO James Yeager vowed . In a later video , in which he 's accompanied by his attorney , Yeager apologized "  for letting my anger get the better of me " and cautioned viewers , "  It 's not time for any type of violent action . " Opinion : NRA 's paranoid fantasy Obama on Wednesday signed 23 orders that do n't require congressional approval that he said would stiffen background checks on gun buyers and expand safety programs in schools . And he called on Congress to restrict ammunition magazines to no more than 10 rounds and to require a background check for anyone buying a gun , whether at a store or in a private sale or gun show . The steps that require legislative action are likely to bump up against the often-visceral opposition of lawmakers from conservative districts -- and some of their more outspoken constituents . Most Republicans in the House of Representatives have top rankings from the National Rifle Association , the powerful gun-rights lobby , which quickly criticized the White House plans . But it 's not just Republicans : Many Democrats , particularly in the conservative South and rural West , are vocal gun-rights supporters as well . "  Guns have been one of the key issues that more moderate Democrats have used to express their independence from the Democratic Party , and this gun talk is putting a strain on that independence , " Gonzales said . Though they might be willing to support proposals such as a ban on large-capacity magazines , they 're unlikely to vote to ban "  an actual gun , " he said . CNN/Time Poll : Slight dip in support for gun control measures in last month "  You can just see the ads -- ` They are taking guns away ' -- where with these other items it is different , " Gonzales said . Even in the Senate , where Democrats control the chamber , Democratic leadership sources told CNN that passing any new legislation will be extremely difficult . More than a dozen vulnerable Democrats from conservative states will likely resist much of what the president is pushing , the sources said . Those sources say they have no intention of putting their members in politically vulnerable position on a gun measure unless they are sure it can reach the president 's desk . That means not only getting enough red-state Democrats on board , but getting enough Republicans to break a possible GOP filibuster . But Rep. Carolyn McCarthy , D-New York , said the tide appears to have shifted in favor of gun control after the Connecticut killings . A CNN/Time magazine/ORC International poll released Wednesday found 55 % of Americans generally favor stricter gun control laws , with 56 % saying that it 's currently too easy to buy guns in this country -- but only 39 % say that stricter gun controls would reduce gun violence all by themselves . McCarthy said Senate approval "  might even give some members of Congress the spine to do the right thing . " "  You know , the NRA is not in line with an awful lot of their members , and that is something we 're counting on to go forward , " said McCarthy , whose husband was among the six killed when a deranged gunman opened fire on a Long Island commuter train in 1993 December 's killings have "  gone to the heart of every mother , father , grandparent thinking about their children , grandchildren . We have to do something , " she added . Opinion : Gun control -- it 's on all of us CNN 's Dan Merica contributed to this report .	Obama 's proposed assault weapon ban is n't likely to survive the House , analyst says Vulnerable Democrats may not support legislation in the Senate , either But supporters say December 's killings in Connecticut changed the equation
CNN  -- Toilet , latrine , loo , washroom , ba  o , water closet , toilette -- no matter what you might call it , toilets are a basic tool for sanitation . And in many countries , access to one is taken as a given . But not for the 1.1 billion people who have to defecate in the open . Men , women and children who are left to face conditions that are unsanitary , sometimes dangerous and often humiliating . So what if we told you the United States could help address the problem ? And that there is actually bipartisan  yes , you read that right  legislation on the table ? Because there is -- and the U.S. Congress has a unique opportunity to continue this leadership by investing in increased access to water and sanitation around the world . More than a hundred members of Congress have crossed the aisles and joined co-sponsors Reps. Earl Blumenauer  D-Oregon  and Ted Poe  R-Texas  to champion the Water for the World Act . And they are joined by over 80 civil society organizations that have raised their voices to support the bill . If passed , the Water for the World Act -- which moved through the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Thursday -- would help improve the lives of 2.5 billion people who live without a basic latrine . How ? By ensuring funding for water programs get to the communities with the greatest need , a key step in addressing these critical issues , while making one of the best investments the United States can make . The lack of access to water and sanitation is a global problem that impacts health and economic development for all . Consider this : In many parts of the world , girls and women are disproportionately expected to find water , with many facing treks of several hours to a stream and back across often unsafe terrain . This can affect girls ' ability to participate in the classroom , if they have time to attend at all . And for girls that attend schools that do not have private bathrooms , the cultural shame and embarrassment of menstruation more often than not pushes them to drop out . This is a major loss to the local community , because when women and girls have the tools they need to provide a healthier life for their families through education , it has a tremendous ripple effect across all areas of local development . Now is the time for Congress to act by helping the United States support other nations in the global effort to provide access to clean water and sanitation worldwide . The results could be dramatic . Just look at Ghana , where by the end of 2015 it is expected that less than 5 % of people living in the five most affected regions of that country will be practicing open defecation , while more than half of them will be using improved toilet or latrine facilities . The Ghanaian government is looking to increase access to water and sanitation across the country with a goal of ensuring more than three quarters of Ghanaians have access to safe drinking water , an advance that would help keep waterborne diseases at bay . This is the kind of plan the United States should be behind , and it is the sort of progress that should be celebrated and recognized by donor countries around the world , not least because future significant advances require the support of key donor countries like the United States and Britain . So , will Congress respond ? The finish line is within reach -- and we can not afford to stop short by failing to pass the legislation before the end of this congressional session . By passing this bill , Congress would be sending a powerful statement that it is committed to the post-2015 development agenda , and helping hundreds of millions of people around the globe who lack clean water and sanitation . Because the reality is that no matter what you call it , a toilet can mean the difference between life or death .	Charles Rangel and Hugh Evans : Poor access to sanitation a global problem Water for the World Act could help improve the lives of 2.5 billion people , they say Authors : It 's essential bill passes before end of congressional session
Montgomery , Alabama  CNN  -- Alabama 's attorney general questioned Wednesday whether the federal government has the legal right to ask for data from school districts in the state , which has recently passed controversial legislation intended to reduce illegal immigration . In a letter sent Wednesday , Attorney General Luther Strange said he was "  perplexed and troubled " about a request from the Justice Department for information about Alabama 's schools . The Justice Department issued the letter Tuesday to Alabama school districts to ensure they are complying with federal law , which declares that a child may not be denied equal access to schools based on his or her immigration status . Strange 's letter noted that the law was still being litigated . Strange set a Friday noon deadline for Thomas Perez , assistant attorney general for DOJ 's civil rights division , to provide the legal authority for his request . Last spring , the Alabama legislature passed the law known as HB 56 relating to illegal immigration and a federal judge allowed most of its provisions to go into effect , including a mandate for public schools to ask about the immigration status of students enrolling in the system . The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit granted the Justice Department 's request for an emergency injunction for that section of the law but allowed other controversial parts to continue being enforced . Justice urges Alabama schools ' compliance on immigrant laws The Alabama Department of Education sent a memorandum to school districts recommending they wait for resolution of the issue between the state attorney and Justice Department before responding to the DOJ request . In the days following the implementation of HB 56 , the number of Latino students skipping class spiked . Malissa Valdes , communication manager for the Alabama Department of Education , said the number of Latino absentees has since leveled off but remains several hundred higher than normal . The Department of Education also released enrollment numbers for the current school year showing an overall decrease in the student population but a 2.8 percent increase in Latino students , who represent some 35,000 of the state 's 740,000 students . Valdes said the state tried to inform the districts of possible changes related to HB 56 while stressing that no student should be denied enrollment regardless of legal status . "  If everyone sticks exactly to what the law asks from them and they do n't go beyond , then there should not be any danger to the education of all students that are welcomed , no matter what , " Valdes said . Allison Neal , the American Civil Liberties Union 's legal director in Alabama , said she is happy the Justice Department is asking state educators to do what they can to prevent Latino students from becoming discouraged about attending school . "  We want to make sure students have the right to their education , " Neal said . Valdes said the state sent letters to the schools and to students ' parents before and after the law was enacted to prevent confusion . The ACLU declined to comment on Strange 's response to the DOJ request . Officials at Birmingham City Schools have tried to encourage parents to keep their children in our schools and have told them their children would not be affected by the immigration law , said Michaelle Chapman , the schools ' director of communications , in a statement . "  On the heels of the court decision allowing the law to go into effect , we sent an automated call to all parents explaining that no information would be collected regarding children who already were enrolled . The call went out in Spanish to our Latino families . " The Montgomery School District sent Spanish-speaking teachers to areas with large numbers of Latinos to encourage the families to continue to send their kids to school . At Evergreen Estates , a mobile home park on the outskirts of Montgomery , parents awaiting the return of their kids from school said they were not aware that some parents were keeping their children home out of fear of the law . A Guatemalan woman in the United States without legal papers said she had left from Georgia with her eighth-grade son when the state started talking about a similar law and was considering leaving Alabama , too . "  I hear they are looking for farm workers in Florida , " she said . But , she added , she had never considered taking her child out of school . Valdes said the number of students withdrawn from state schools will not be known for months because the schools have not received official notification from the families about permanently removing their kids . She said the department will continue to work to ensure all children in Alabama continue to be educated . "  We are here to educate the children but have to follow every law that is passed and active , " Valdes said . CNN 's Terry Frieden and Joe Sutton contributed to this story	Attorney General Luther Strange says he is "  perplexed and troubled " over DOJ request Feds want to make sure that Alabama schools are not denying children equal access to schools Move comes after Alabama passes a controversial immigration law
PITTSBURGH , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- A highly decorated Green Beret , Staff Sgt. Ryan Maseth died a painful death in Iraq this year . He died not on the battlefield . He died in what should have been one of the safest spots in Iraq : on a U.S. base , in his bathroom . Ryan Maseth , a 24-year-old Green Beret , died in his shower January 2 . The water pump was not properly grounded , and when he turned on the shower , a jolt of electricity shot through his body and electrocuted him January 2 . The next day , Cheryl Harris was informed of his death . A mother of three sons serving in Iraq , she had feared such news might come one day . "  I did ask exactly , ` How did Ryan die ? What happened to him ? ' And he had told me that Ryan was electrocuted , " she said . Her reaction was disbelief . "  I truly could n't believe he would be electrocuted ... in the shower , " she said . Maseth , 24 , was not the first . At least 12 U.S. troops have been electrocuted in Iraq since the start of the war in 2003 , according to military and government officials . Watch mom describe horror , heartbreak over son 's electrocution " In fact , the Army issued a bulletin in 2004 warning that electrocution was "  growing at an alarming rate . " It said five soldiers died that year by electrocution , with improper grounding the likely culprit in each case . The Army bulletin detailed one soldier 's death in a shower -- eerily similar to Maseth 's case -- that said he was found "  lying on a shower room floor with burn marks on his body . " Maseth 's mother says the Army was not immediately forthcoming with details about her son 's death . At one point , she says , the Army told her he had a small appliance with him in the shower on his base , a former palace complex near the Baghdad airport . "  It just created so much doubt , and I know Ryan , I know Ryan , I know how he was trained , I know that he would not have been in a shower with a small appliance and electrocuted himself , " she said . Watch "  I ca n't make sense around Ryan 's death " " The Army refused to answer CNN 's questions about the case , citing pending litigation by Maseth 's family . Maseth 's mother says she pressed the military for answers , eventually uncovering more details about her son 's electrocution . The surging current left burn marks across his body , even singeing his hair . Army reports show that he probably suffered a long , painful death . Fellow soldiers had to break down the door to help , said Patrick Cavanaugh , an attorney for Maseth 's parents . "  When they kicked down the door , they smelled burning hair , and they rushed over , saw Sgt. Maseth lying there unconscious , and one of the rescuers himself was shocked electrically and sustained a fairly good jolt because the water and the pipes were still electrified , " Cavanaugh said . Army documents obtained by CNN show that U.S.-paid contractor Kellogg , Brown and Root  KBR  inspected the building and found serious electrical problems a full 11 months before Maseth was electrocuted . KBR noted "  several safety issues concerning the improper grounding of electrical devices . " But KBR 's contract did not cover "  fixing potential hazards . " It covered repairing items only after they broke down . Only after Maseth died did the Army issue an emergency order for KBR to finally fix the electrical problems , and that order was carried out soon thereafter . In an internal e-mail obtained by CNN , a Navy captain admits that the Army should have known "  the extent of the severity of the electrical problems . " The e-mail then says the reason the Army did not know was because KBR 's inspections were never reviewed by a "  qualified government employee . " Larraine McGee is the mother of Sgt. Christopher Everett , another soldier electrocuted in Iraq . "  The impression I got was that this was the first time that it had happened , " McGee said . Her son was cleaning a Humvee on his Iraqi base with a power washer that was not properly grounded in 2005 . "  I thought Chris was the first and that because of that , they were going to correct the problem , and it was n't going to happen again , " she said . When she learned of Maseth 's electrocution , she was stunned . "  It makes me very angry , because there is no reason for this to be going on , " said McGee . The electrocution of soldiers is prompting anger in Washington . "  How did this happen ? " asked Rep. Henry Waxman , chairman of the House Oversight Committee . Waxman has called for an investigation . "  Why was n't it corrected when we had the first signs that people were dying from electrocutions ? " In a statement to CNN , the U.S. Department of Defense said it "  considers this to be a serious issue and has referred it to the DoD Inspector General 's office for action . " The Defense Department said that there are nearly 40,000 structures and housing units in the Iraqi theater and that "  we believe there was adequate oversight of the KBR contractors . " "  In the past 12 months , KBR performed over 2 million service or work order repairs across the theater , " the Defense Department said . It went on to say that the Pentagon has "  no information " that personnel with Defense Contract Management Agency , which handles the KBR contract , was aware of the 2004 Army bulletin or that they "  failed to take appropriate action in response to unsafe conditions brought to our attention . " The Defense Department inspector general 's office said it could not comment on the new investigation at this time . KBR declined a CNN interview , but in an e-mail the company said it found "  no evidence of a link between the work it has been tasked to perform and the reported electrocutions . " The Defense Contract Management Agency declined to be interviewed , citing the Defense Department investigation . Harris says she will continue to fight to make sure other soldiers do n't die similar deaths . "  I 'm not going to sit around quietly , " she said . "  I want the answers surrounding Ryan 's death -- the accountability . And even further , I want to make sure that our troops are taken care of that are left on the ground ... -LSB- so -RSB- they do n't have to wake up and worry about taking a shower and electrocution . "	At least 12 U.S. troops have been electrocuted in Iraq from wiring problems Ryan Maseth , 24 , died January 2 while taking a shower on base "  I truly could n't believe he would be electrocuted , " his mom says Defense Department inspector general , Congress launch investigation
CNN  -- Costa Rican President Oscar Arias presented an updated proposal to end the Honduran political crisis , but its adoption seemed unlikely , as one side described the talks as "  failed " and the other asked for more time . Honduras ' ousted President Manuel Zelaya answers questions in Managua , Nicaragua , on Sunday . The document , dubbed the San Jose Accord , calls for ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya 's return to power , the creation of a unity government and early elections . The accord is very similar to an original plan suggested by Arias but with more details and a creation of a truth commission to investigate the events that led to the crisis . It also includes a timeline for its implementation , which could have Zelaya back in Honduras by Friday . Arias signaled that his latest effort as mediator after two unsuccessful rounds of talks was also his final . Zelaya and his successor , interim Honduran President Roberto Micheletti , can turn to other forms for negotiations if they can not agree to the deal , Arias said . Arias read the proposal on Wednesday at a news conference in San Jose , Costa Rica , flanked by Zelaya and Micheletti 's delegations . Responses from the two camps following Arias announcement gave slim hope that the accord would be signed . Zelaya delegate Rixi Moncada said the opportunity for compromise had already passed with Arias ' original proposal , which Zelaya accepted but Micheletti rejected . Watch the reaction of the Organization of American States " "  The talks  failed because of the intransigence of the coup regime , " she said . For Micheletti 's side , Mauricio Villegas said his camp would present the San Jose Accord to the three branches of government for their approval , which would be necessary before moving forward . Earlier this week , another Micheletti negotiator said that the supreme court had already signaled that it would not accept Zelaya 's return as president . "  We must make way for peace and democracy , because the alternative is a cliff where even bigger trouble than we know awaits , " said Arias , who had been serving as mediator between the two sides . "  So today I ask you respectfully , but with urgency , to carefully review this document and reflect on it . " Earlier , Micheletti had offered a counterproposal , Honduras 's foreign minister , Carlos Lopez Contreras , told CNN affiliate Televicentro . Sources close to Micheletti 's delegation told CNN that the counterproposal would have given amnesty to Zelaya and allowed him to return . But the nation 's Supreme Court , which supports the coup and insists Zelaya must be held responsible for allegedly trying to subvert the constitution , rejected the amnesty provision , the sources said . Negotiations had stalled over Arias ' proposal that Zelaya be reinstated . Zelaya was going to hold a referendum that could have led to changing the Honduras Constitution , even though Congress had outlawed the vote and the Supreme Court ruled it illegal . Zelaya was deposed June 28 , the day the vote was supposed to be held , in a military-led coup and replaced by congressional leader Micheletti a few hours later . Micheletti 's counterproposal would have instituted a six-month moratorium on legal action against either side . In another development , Honduras gave Venezuela 's diplomats 72 hours to leave the country Tuesday on the grounds that leftist Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has been making threats against the provisional government . Venezuela called the expulsion order "  absurd " and said it will not comply because it does not recognize Micheletti 's government . Chavez and Zelaya are political allies . The coup has drawn international condemnation , including demands by the U.N. General Assembly and Organization of American States that Zelaya be reinstated . The European Union and United States also have curtailed some aid . Micheletti has steadfastly refused , saying Zelaya 's removal was a constitutional transfer of power , not a coup .	NEW : Chance for compromise passed with Arias ' original plan , Zelaya side says NEW : Accord has to be presented to three government branches , Micheletti side says NEW : Arias signals his latest effort is his final as mediator Zelaya 's ouster has drawn international condemnation
Honolulu , Hawaii  CNN  -- In her own right , Ann Dunham , the mother of U.S. President Barack Obama , lived an accomplished , international life that began in white-bread Kansas , weaved through Asia-light Hawaii and wound up in Indonesia . Now an exhibition celebrating her life in the world 's most populous Muslim nation is opening in Hawaii featuring her personal art and artifact collection . Across the east-west palette , Dunham 's family and friends paint her as an ardent anthropologist , early maven of microfinance and a cultured , curious explorer . Her daughter , Maya Soetoro-Ng , proudly wrote of her mother 's anthropological work in Surviving Against the Odds : Village Industry in Indonesia , a book based on Dunham 's original dissertation from the early 1990s . "  She had so much respect for the communities where she conducted her research . Always logical and rigorous , our mother 's scholarship was made truly meaningful by the fact that she loved the people she wrote about and hoped others would hear their song . " Alice Dewey was one of Dunham 's first mentors to help compose that tune . Now Professor Emeritus at the University of Hawaii Manoa , she served as Dunham 's anthropology adviser in the 1970s . She remembers their connection as an instant match . "  I want her ! " recalls Dewey after seeing Dunham 's resume on her work in Indonesia . As it turned out , the pair shared a distinct passion for local Indonesian markets and wares on the central island of Java . As a student herself , Dewey had studied local Javanese markets in the 1950s . Dunham would later extend those studies from the markets to the makers of woven bamboo baskets , tie-dyed batiks and open-fired iron blades . In a testament to her topical thirst , Dunham pitched Dewey a very broad research plan . "  When she submitted her research proposal to me she wanted to focus on not just one -- but five -- areas of Indonesian trade : batik , bamboo , ceramics , shadow puppetry and blacksmithing . " Dewey forced her to choose one . Dunham settled on blacksmithing , the craft of firing and bending hot iron into such things as knives and cooking utensils . "  But she got us back with a 1,000-page dissertation . The norm was about 300 to 500 . " Bron Solyom describes her friendship with Dunham as a bond forged through blacksmithing . Now curator of special collections at the University of Hawaii Library , she and Dunham met as fellow graduate student in the 1970s . "  We had this common , strong interest . Ann saw blacksmithing from an economic aspect -- in how people made a non-agrarian living . And she built up this body of knowledge that was really remarkable . " And Dunham 's desire to learn seemed to be unflappable -- even in the face of danger . Solyom recounted the story of when the two were working in Bali in the early 1990s . After checking in to one hotel , Dunham "  was gone for ages " while Solyom waited in the lobby . When Dunham finally emerged she apologized saying she had had to evict a green -- and likely poisonous -- snake from her room . But before she did that , she had done a photo shoot as the serpent swayed to itself in the mirror . "  She was just calm about things -- and forever curious , " remembered Solyom . That insatiable curiosity also led to copious note-taking -- some of which is just being found . Dewey recently opened up an old trunk in her home and saw the name "  Dunham " written inside . Daunted at the thought of poring over more work from her former student , she says she quickly shut the lid and has not opened it since . According to her daughter , most of Dunham 's notes and other personal effects -- those known and those rediscovered -- will find a final home in the archives of the Smithsonian in Washington , D.C. by next year . Besides the obvious field notes Dunham left behind , Soetoro-Ng adds that something more intangible is something she thinks of often . "  I do think about her delight . In one photo , her eyes are shut and she 's just really letting go with some of her staff and colleagues . That was overlooked at times and in the years since she passed away I 've been burdened with the sadness of missing her -- and she died so young . And even though she did n't succeed in marriage and longevity there are many ways her life is a model of success that we can aspire to . " In 1995 , just before her 53rd birthday , Ann Dunham died after a short battle with ovarian cancer . In traditional Hawaiian fashion , her ashes were scattered into the waters of the islands . A pre-presidential Obama and his sister Maya Soetoro-Ng performed the honors . Dewey says Dunham 's life poetically concluded the way she lived it "  traveling forever around the world , " a fitting final journey for an explorer who lived between the east and west for much of her life . Through Her Eyes : S. Ann Dunham 's Fieldwork in Indonesia runs through January 8 , 2012 at the East-West Center Gallery , University of Hawaii Manoa . It includes photographs taken during Ann Dunham 's years of field research in Indonesia as well as personal artifacts which include examples of metal smithing , jewelry and basketry made in the villages of Indonesia . Dunham 's personal art and artifact collection has been augmented by recent purchases to give wider context to her work in Indonesia .	Dunham 's family and friends paint her as ardent anthropologist and explorer Insatiable curiosity led to copious note-taking -- some of which is just being found Most of Dunham 's personal effects will find final home in Smithsonian In traditional Hawaiian fashion , her ashes were scattered into waters of islands
Pakistan 's Malala Yousafzai has won the European Parliament 's Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought . Parliament President Martin Schulz called the 16-year-old a "  brave advocate for education " who "  reminds us of our duty toward children and especially girls . " Malala Yousafzai : Accolades , applause and a grim milestone The prize is worth about $ 67,000 . Malala 's activism started after the Taliban banned girls from schools in Pakistan 's Swat Valley in 2009 . She anonymously blogged for the BBC in opposition to that order , and became an open advocate for girls ' education . In 2011 , Malala told CNN , "  I have the right of education . I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . " A year later , she was riding the bus home from school when a Taliban gunman climbed aboard and shot her in the head . She nearly died . Since then , Malala has recovered and continued advocating for girls ' education , despite ongoing death threats from the Taliban . Malala appears on "  The Daily Show " She 's also a favorite to win this year 's Nobel Peace Prize , which will be awarded Friday . If Malala wins , she would become the youngest-ever Nobel laureate .	Malala Yousafzai wins this year 's Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought The prize , awarded by the European Parliament , is worth about $ 67,000 Malala was shot in the head by the Taliban but continues promoting girls ' education
CNN  -- Mon Dieu , how things change ! A decade ago , France 's opposition to the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq caused such disdain that restaurants across the United States began calling French fries "  freedom fries . " Some Americans bandied around the term "  cheese-eating surrender monkeys , " coined by TV show "  The Simpsons , " for their Gallic cousins , while then-British Prime Minister Tony Blair became George W. Bush 's BFF . Yet on Friday , as the United States tried to rally support for military intervention in Syria , Secretary of State John Kerry had only fond words for the French , calling them "  our oldest ally . " Hollande , in turn , described the two nations as "  close friends and allies . " Meanwhile , Britain -- whose Parliament voted against military intervention in an embarrassing defeat for Prime Minister David Cameron -- was relegated to an unfamiliar backseat position as Washington gears up for potential combat . So did Kerry 's words signal a new era in French-American relations ? While France has been a historical ally of the United States , going back more than two centuries to the Revolutionary War , in more recent times the French and their American cousins have not always marched to the beat of the same drummer . French President Jacques Chirac was sharply critical of the Bush administration as it tried to drum up support to invade Iraq in 2003 without a U.N. mandate . "  Iraq today does not represent an immediate threat that justifies an immediate war , " he said in March 2003 . His opposition earned him then-Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld 's scorn , as he dismissed France as belonging to "  old Europe . " Undeterred , Chirac 's tone was no softer six months later , when he addressed the U.N. General Assembly in New York . "  The war , launched without the authorization of the Security Council , shook the multilateral system , " he said . "  The United Nations has just been through one of the most grave crises in its history . " When former President Ronald Reagan launched air strikes back in 1986 on sites connected to Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi , after an incident in which Libyan agents had bombed a disco in Berlin , killing two Americans , France denied U.S. planes access to its airspace , according to news reports from the time . The aircraft instead took off from Britain . At that point , Francois Mitterand was in the presidential palace , while Chirac was prime minister . More recently , Hollande told President Barack Obama during an Oval Office meeting days after he was elected to the French presidency that he would stand by his campaign pledge to withdraw French combat troops from Afghanistan by the end of the year . France was one of the bigger contributors of troops to the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , making its withdrawal a blow to the Obama administration . But when Gadhafi was again in the sights of the international community in 2011 , as Libyan rebels fought for his ouster , then-President Nicolas Sarkozy was an enthusiastic participant in the conflict . French fighter planes bombarded pro-Gadhafi forces as part of a NATO effort also spearheaded by Britain , while the United States kept a low profile . Sarkozy and Cameron gave a passionate speech together in the Libyan city of Benghazi , newly united after the divisions prompted by the war in Iraq . France 's involvement did n't do much to help Sarkozy 's re-election effort the following May , when he lost out to Hollande , but it did perhaps indicate a willingness by France 's leaders to re-engage with international diplomacy . Hollande has carried on the trend , sending French forces into Mali , at the African nation 's invitation , to help push back militant Islamists earlier this year . But if international strikes on Syria go ahead , and France plays a part , Hollande may be in need of his transatlantic buddies . Nearly two out of three French people are opposed to a military intervention in Syria led by an international coalition including France , according to figures released Saturday by one of the country 's main polling agencies and published by daily newspaper Le Parisien . Another survey , by the BVA polling agency , suggested 58 % of those surveyed do not trust Hollande to lead a military intervention in Syria . But while Hollande is currently the Obama administration 's golden boy , it 's probably too soon to count out the long-running Anglo-American friendship hailed , in Britain at least , as the "  special relationship . " Foreign Secretary William Hague made it onto Kerry 's call list Friday -- and Obama and Cameron are also still speaking . A readout of their call Friday from the White House said that the United States "  values the special relationship with the United Kingdom , a close ally and friend . " And a 10 Downing Street readout of the same call said Obama "  stressed his appreciation of his strong friendship with the Prime Minister and of the strength , durability and depth of the special relationship between our two countries . " The House of Commons defeat was clearly a blow for Cameron , who has repeatedly spoken of the need for robust action on Syria , but the loss of British support for potential U.S. action is more symbolic than militarily significant . The two nations have weathered plenty of storms together in the past and will likely find themselves back on the same page in future . Washington stood behind Britain when it went to war against Argentina in 1982 , following the Argentine invasion of the Falkland Islands , a disputed British territory in the South Atlantic . The two were also key allies during World War II , leading then-Prime Minister Winston Churchill to first describe their bond in 1946 as the "  special relationship " that would help prevent future wars and bolster world stability . In the meantime , Obama can cozy up with France , Turkey -- which has also voiced support for military intervention -- and other Arab regional players , while Cameron nurses his wounded pride . CNN 's Chelsea Carter and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	Secretary of State John Kerry hails France as the United States ' "  oldest ally " Britain , which touts its "  special relationship " with the U.S. , wo n't join military action in Syria Paris and Washington have not always seen eye-to-eye , notably on the 2003 Iraq invasion France also declined to support U.S. strikes on Libya under Reagan in 1986
Save the date : Iran has pledged to start eliminating some of its uranium stockpile on January 20 , the White House said Sunday . That gives an official start time for the six-month interim deal with Iran , which was first announced in November . "  As of that day , for the first time in almost a decade , Iran 's nuclear program will not be able to advance , and parts of it will be rolled back , while we start negotiating a comprehensive agreement to address the international community 's concerns about Iran 's program , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement Sunday . Iranian officials also confirmed the start date for the deal , state media reported . As part of the agreement , Iran has agreed to start eliminating its stockpile of higher levels of enriched uranium , to dismantle some infrastructure that makes higher-level uranium enrichment possible , and not to start up additional centrifuges . Representatives from the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog agency will also monitor Iran 's nuclear facilities and make sure the country is taking the required steps as part of the deal . In exchange , some sanctions against Iran will be eased as part of what the White House calls "  modest relief . " U.S. officials estimate the overall sanctions relief provided to Iran as part of the deal will total around $ 7 billion -- $ 4.2 billion of which consists of restricted Iranian assets that will be freed up gradually . "  The $ 4.2 billion in restricted Iranian assets that Iran will gain access to as part of the agreement will be released in regular installments throughout the six months , " Kerry said . "  The final installment will not be available to Iran until the very last day . " But there 's a bipartisan push in Congress to tighten , rather than ease , sanctions on Iran . U.S. President Barack Obama made it clear Sunday that he would push back . "  Imposing additional sanctions now will only risk derailing our efforts to resolve this issue peacefully , and I will veto any legislation enacting new sanctions during the negotiation , " Obama said in a written statement . Senior Obama administration officials echoed that sentiment Sunday , but also said if Iran does n't make good on its promises , the United States could decide to step up sanctions . Iranian lawmakers have threatened to boost uranium enrichment levels if the United States imposes more sanctions against the country . One of Iran 's deputy foreign minister , Majid Ravanchi , told CNN Sunday that the enactment of additional sanctions from the U.S. Senate would "  ruin the entire agreement . " "  We hope we will not face that , " he said . Word of the deal 's start date drew mixed reactions from Capitol Hill Sunday . "  I 'm concerned that this agreement takes us down that path where sanctions pressure is relieved , but Iran maintains its ability to produce a nuclear weapon , " said House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Rep. Ed Royce , R-California . "  Given these stakes , it 's regrettable that the President does not want to work with Congress to bolster his negotiating hand with additional sanctions , which would go into effect should Iran fail to meet its commitments . " Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , called the interim agreement a "  meaningful step forward " and said new sanctions would be counterproductive . "  We will know soon enough if Iran is committed to a diplomatic resolution of its nuclear program . If it is not , new sanctions will move with lightning speed out of the Congress and with my full support . " he said . "  Many obstacles remain , and I continue to be skeptical of Tehran 's willingness to abandon pursuit of nuclear weapons technology , but I am also fully convinced that we must try the diplomatic path . " The agreement struck in November with representatives from Iran , the United States , Britain , China , Russia , France and Germany has been widely hailed as a successful interim measure to stave off an unwanted conflict over Tehran 's nuclear program . But after initially celebrating a diplomatic success , Iran had reportedly lashed out at the United States for making public a modified version of the agreement that Tehran said did not reflect its interpretation . It took three rounds of meetings with technical experts to hammer out the details of implementing the deal , European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton said in a statement Sunday . Another Iranian deputy foreign minister , Abbas Araqchi , announced the deal 's start date at a press conference Sunday , saying that his country would stop 20 % uranium enrichment at that time , the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency reported . "  There 's $ 4.2 billion of Iran 's oil income which will be released , and from the other side , the conversion of 20 % enriched material to oxide or diluting it  will  be carried out . This action on our side , and that one on theirs , will be performed within a six-month span , " he said . Even as they hailed the start date as a significant step forward Sunday , officials cautioned that the toughest negotiations are yet to come . "  The negotiations will be very difficult , " Kerry said , "  but they are the best chance we have to be able to resolve this critical national security issue peacefully , and durably . "	Iranian official : New sanctions would "  ruin the entire agreement " Iran will start scaling back its nuclear program January 20 as part of a six-month deal Deputy foreign minister : Iran will start diluting higher levels of enriched uranium Obama vows to veto any laws enacting new sanctions during negotiations with Iran
CNN  -- Spanish champions Barcelona will kick off 2011 without the services of world player of the year Lionel Messi and key defenders Carles Puyol and Gerard Pique . Coach Pep Guardiola has given top scorer Messi permission to miss Sunday 's home clash with Levante as his side seek to move five points clear of second-placed rivals Real Madrid in the La Liga standings . The club 's website reported on Friday that the Argentina forward had been allowed to extend his holiday , so will be missing from the line-up for only the fourth time this season . Captain Puyol is ruled out with a groin injury that he picked up playing for Catalonia in the representative game against Honduras earlier this month , and may also miss next weekend 's trip to Deportivo La Coruna . Spanish league strike called off His central defensive partner Pique is suspended after picking up his fifth yellow card this season in Barca 's final league game of 2010 , the 5-1 thrashing of city rivals Espanyol on December 18 . However , Guardiola will be able to call on Argentine defender Gabriel Milito and young midfielder Jeffren Suarez , who have both returned to training . Milito had been sidelined since injuring his thigh in the Spanish Cup win over Ceuta on November 10 , while the 22-year-old Jeffren suffered a groin problem in the Champions League match win over Rubin Kazan on December 7 . Football 's best and worst of 2010 Meanwhile , Jose Mourinho 's Real Madrid will return to action on Monday with a trip to seventh-placed Getafe . The capital club 's website reported that 5,000 fans turned up to watch the squad return to training on Thursday . "  I had never been in a session attended by so many people , " Real 's former Getafe winger Pedro Leon said . "  We thank the fans for their support and we ask them to continue supporting us . I hope we can thank them by winning a title at the end of the campaign . " Spain 's top two clubs will also line up in midweek for the second leg of the Spanish Cup last-16 ties , with Barca away to Athletic Bilbao and Real traveling to Levante . Bilbao will be hoping to pull off a shock after earning a 0-0 draw at Camp Nou this month , but Levante have little chance of overturning an 8-0 first-leg deficit .	Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola allows Lionel Messi to extend his winter break Argentine to miss Sunday 's clash with Levante along with Carles Puyol and Gerard Pique Captain Puyol is injured while defensive partner Pique is suspended Second-placed Real Madrid return to action on Monday with trip to Getafe
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- One of Northern Ireland 's biggest terrorist trials in decades started Tuesday at Belfast Crown Court amid tight security . Fourteen alleged members of the pro-British or loyalist paramilitary group known as the Ulster Volunteer Force are accused of a total of 97 offenses . The men range in age from 32 to 46 . Nine defendants are charged with murder in the October 2000 slaying of rival paramilitary leader Tommy English . The 40-year-old Ulster Defence Association member was gunned down in front of his wife and young children on Halloween night during a bloody feud between the rival groups . The Ulster Volunteer Force and Ulster Defence Association were responsible for the killings of hundreds of people during the conflict between pro-British and pro-Irish forces in Northern Ireland over a 30-year period known as the Troubles . Most of their victims were Catholic civilians . The groups have remained active since the signing of the Good Friday peace agreement in 1998 . Two brothers -- David and Robert Stewart -- are giving evidence against their alleged former colleagues in the Ulster Volunteer Force . The Stewarts admitted to their part in English 's killing and agreed to testify to get a reduced sentence . One of the accused is Mark Haddock , 42 , named as a police agent in a 2007 report on the Ulster Volunteer Force by former Northern Ireland police ombudsman Nuala O'Loan . O'Loan said an Ulster Volunteer Force gang based in the Mount Vernon estate in north Belfast had been involved in up to 15 murders and that the Northern Ireland police special branch unit had allowed informers within the Mount Vernon group to act with impunity . At trial , Haddock is sitting separately from the 13 other defendants , surrounded by prison officers for his own safety . Two of his co-defendants were previously charged with trying to kill Haddock in 2006 , but murder charges were dropped when he refused to give evidence . A prosecutor opened the case Tuesday , saying Haddock had ordered English 's murder . Robert Stewart , 37 , then started testifying Tuesday . He also said Haddock ordered the killing and told the gunman to try to avoid shooting the rest of English 's family . Supporters of the accused men staged a protest outside the court against the use of "  supergrasses , " or slang for informers . The term was first used in Northern Ireland in the 1980s when a number of terrorist suspects were convicted on the evidence of former comrades . The trial is being held under 2005 legislation introduced by the United Kingdom -- the Serious Organized Crime and Police Act -- which allows a suspect to enter a written agreement to give evidence against other alleged criminals . Victims ' relatives are being given protection from supporters of the Ulster Volunteer Force attending the trial at Laganside courts in Belfast . Families are able to watch proceedings by video link in a separate , secure venue . Large numbers of police officers are inside and outside the court complex . The trial could last three months and will be one of the most expensive ever in Northern Ireland . Police fear there could be unrest in Protestant/loyalist districts as the trial progresses .	Belfast court has a heavy police presence as 14 defendants go on trial in large terrorism case Trial could last three months and is likely to be one of Northern Ireland 's most expensive ever Nine of the men face murder charges in the 2000 killing of a rival paramiltary leader Rival groups were responsible for deaths of hundreds during conflict known as the Troubles
CNN  -- A bright red cross marked the cover of a manifesto purportedly written by the suspect in last week 's terror attacks in Norway . Nearly 6,000 miles away , Mexican police seized white robes emblazoned with the same symbol in a series of raids aimed at cracking down on one of the country 's newest drug cartels . The Knights Templar -- warriors during the medieval holy wars known as the Crusades -- wore the cross insignia as they went into battle . Its red color represented the blood of Christian martyrs . The recent modern-day interpretations of the crusaders ' ancient cause would n't sit well with the original Knights Templar , according to British historian and novelist Piers Paul Read . "  They 'd have been horrified . ... They were very devout people , " said Read , who detailed the knights ' history in his book "  The Templars . " The knights began in the 12th century as a religious order fighting Muslims and protecting Christian pilgrims to the Holy Land . They mostly came from Western Europe and took strict vows of poverty , Read said . But over time , their organization amassed significant wealth and property , drawing ire from citizens and royalty alike . Amid accusations of heresy and devil-worship from France 's king , the pope dissolved the order in 1312 , Read said . The group 's last leader was burned at the stake , but the story of the Knights Templar lives on , portrayed in films and popular fiction such as "  The Da Vinci Code . " Now authorities are investigating Norway attack suspect Anders Behring Breivik 's purported manifesto , which claims that another group using the Knights Templar name intends to carry out "  shock attacks " across Europe in a campaign to fight Islam and "  cultural Marxism . " Authorities accuse Breivik of killing at least 76 people when he set off a car bomb outside government buildings in Oslo last Friday , then ambushed an island political youth retreat . Breivik 's lawyer told reporters that his client was "  a little bit surprised " that he was able to pull off the bombing and shooting rampage , for which authorities say he has claimed responsibility . Separately , Mexican officials blame members of a new criminal organization that use the Knights Templar name for extorting business owners , decapitating and dismembering kidnapping victims and setting vehicles ablaze to block roads during shootouts with police . The original Templars ' noble ideals and dramatic demise give them "  an aura of glamour and mystery , " said Paul Crawford , an associate professor of ancient and medieval history at California University of Pennsylvania . Crawford and other historians argue that most fictional accounts of the group focus on unsubstantiated myths and conspiracy theories and that recent reappearances of the Knights Templar name in Norway and Mexico are just the latest attempts to manipulate their legacy . "  The drug gang and the murderer are trying to cloak the horror of their acts with the glamour and ideals of this religious order , " Crawford said . Striving to be ` the perfect knight ' The rambling , 1,500-page account that constitutes Breivik 's purported manifesto includes excerpts from a Wikipedia entry about the Knights Templar and pictures of sword-wielding medieval knights wearing cloaks and armor . CNN has not independently confirmed that Breivik is the author of the manifesto , which bears his name and says it is intended to be circulated among sympathizers . The writer rails against Muslims and their growing presence in Europe , and calls for a European civil war to overthrow governments , end multiculturalism and execute "  cultural Marxists . " The author also makes numerous references to what he describes as a new incarnation of the Knights Templar , which he says was "  re-founded as a pan-European nationalist military order " during an April 2002 meeting in London . The manifesto details necessary steps to become a "  Justiciar Knight , " including pledging a Knights Templar oath . "  Any candidate prepared to walk this road must be willing to forfeit his materialistic ambitions and embrace voluntary poverty and martyrdom , " Breivik writes . "  You are operating as a jury , judge and executioner on behalf of all free Europeans . ... There are situations in which cruelty is necessary , and refusing to apply necessary cruelty is a betrayal of the people whom you wish to protect , " he continues . In a diary-like log of events leading up to last week 's attacks , the manifesto 's author says he is trying to set an example . "  I am one of many destroyers of cultural Marxism and as such ; a hero of Europe , a savior of our people and of European Christendom -- by default . ... The Perfect Knight I have always strived to be , " he writes . Crawford , the historian at California University of Pennsylvania , said such assertions show a clear misunderstanding of the Knights Templar . "  They were soldiers . They confronted Islam on the battlefield and Islam returned the favor . They did not , to the best of my knowledge , ever engage in massacres of unarmed combatants , " he said . "  They were not terrorists and would n't have approved of it . " ` They want to demonstrate that they 're courageous ' The new Mexican cartel known as the Knights Templar announced its presence earlier this year . Banners hung in prominent locations -- and photographed by local media -- vowed to protect residents of the Mexican state of Michoacan . "  Our commitment to society will be to preserve order and prevent robbery , kidnapping and extortion , and protect the state from interventions by rival organizations , " the signs said . For months , authorities and analysts said they suspected the Knights Templar had split from one of the nation 's most notorious criminal organizations , La Familia Michoacana -- a cartel known for its mix of ruthless violence and religious ideology . Mexico 's government said La Familia 's founder , Nazario Moreno Gonzalez , was killed in clashes with authorities last year . In a dossier released as they announced his death in December , officials described Moreno as a "  spiritual leader " who used religion to strengthen his stronghold . The government file said Moreno dubbed himself the "  savior of the people " and outlined the cartel 's philosophy in a "  bible " provided to new recruits . The discovery earlier this month of the white robes with red crosses and handbooks outlining a code for the Knights Templar showed further evidence of a connection with La Familia , authorities said . "  Presumably they were indoctrinating their members , " Mexican federal police spokesman Juan Carlos Buenrostro told CNNMexico.com . For the splinter group , choosing the Knights Templar name was no accident , said George W. Grayson , a professor of government at the College of William & Mary . "  They want to demonstrate that they 're courageous and valiant , but at the same time they are generous , " said Grayson , who studies Mexico 's organized crime syndicates . He said the alleged leader of the Knights Templar , a former lieutenant of La Familia known as "  La Tuta " -- the teacher -- "  has the same kind of religious inspiration " as Moreno . While some of the cartels ' leaders may believe in its ideology , Grayson says others have a more pragmatic approach , using religion as a "  recruiting device . " "  Now you 're at one with the Lord , even as you decapitate people and carve  messages  into the bodies of your opponents , " he said . Promoting peace , fighting a ` social cancer ' Another group that uses the Knights Templar name has been waging its own campaign to distance itself from the Mexican drug gang and the Norway attacks . The international Christian nonprofit known as Knights Templar International issued a statement saying their group is not and has never been affiliated in any way with Breivik . "  Christ 's message is one of love , understanding and tolerance of all peoples of the world , " the organization said in a statement . "  How Anders Behring Breivik so misunderstood and corrupted Christ 's message is beyond reason or belief . " The organization 's Mexico chapter also issued a statement saying it has no connection to the drug gang , which it referred to as a "  social cancer . " The statement lambasted the criminal group for committing acts that are "  full of shame , dishonor and totally contrary to the principles of the order . " Robert C.G. Disney , the grand commander of Knights Templar International , said the organization 's more than 6,000 members around the world regularly support charitable projects , such as helping fund reconstruction of a Muslim mosque and a Christian church in Pakistan following mudslides there . "  Obviously it 's very distressing for me and for all of our members to see our name bandied about by the drug cartel and this deranged person in Norway , " he said . "  Unfortunately , we do not have exclusive rights to the words ` Knights Templar . ' Those words have been in the public domain for almost 1,000 years . " Members can join Knights Templar International only by invitation , Disney said , but the organization has no particular church affiliation , and provides humanitarian aid to anyone in need , regardless of race or creed . "  We have no political or religious agenda , " he said . "  Our agenda is basically all about bringing about peace , reconciliation and understanding . " Journalist Rodrigo Aguiar , CNNMexico.com and CNNRadio 's Libby Lewis contributed to this report .	The original Knights Templar began fighting in medieval Crusades The Norway terror attack suspect 's purported manifesto mentions a group with that name A Mexican drug cartel with a religious bent also calls itself the Knights Templar Historian : Modern criminals "  are trying to cloak the horror of their acts "
CNN  -- Nelson Mandela welcomed the World Cup trophy to South Africa on Thursday , nearly six years after the former freedom fighter and national leader cried tears of joy when the tournament was awarded to the continent for the first time . With 35 days before the soccer showpiece kicks off in Johannesburg , the trophy that 32 teams are hoping to lift come July 11 is about to embark on the final leg of its world tour . On Friday it will go to the township of Khayelitsha on the outskirts of Cape Town before heading through 38 cities and towns in all of the host nation 's nine provinces . The 91-year-old Mandela , who in 1994 became South Africa 's first democratically-elected president after decades of apartheid rule , was at FIFA 's Zurich headquarters in May 2004 when football 's governing body awarded his country the right to host the event . "  Nelson Mandela was one of the architects of this FIFA World Cup . ` Madiba ' is the symbol of this new democratic South Africa , " FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke said in a statement . "  For us there was no way that the trophy would arrive in the country and not be brought first to Mandela . "  Nelson Mandela expressed his wish that he would see Bafana Bafana win the FIFA World Cup . We really hope that he will experience together with us the special moment celebrating South Africa 's achievements in the stadium . " Local organizing committee chief Danny Jordaan was also present as Mandela , who served 27 years in prison before his release in 1990 , was reunited with the trophy . "  It was so wonderful seeing ` Madiba ' in Zurich on the day South Africa won the right to host the 2010 FIFA World Cup , so happy with tears of joy rolling down his cheeks , " Jordaan said . "  So , it is quite an emotional and joyful moment to be back bringing the trophy to him , a symbol of world football with a global symbol of humanity . "	World Cup trophy arrives in South Africa to begin final leg of its tour around the planet Nelson Mandela presented with trophy before it visits 38 cities and towns across country The 91-year-old was present in 2004 when South was awarded right to host tournament World Cup kicks off on June 11 in Johannesburg with the final to be played a month later
CNN  -- There 's a bounty on the head of Moammar Gadhafi , three of his children have fled the country , at least one is dead , and two of his sons seem to be having a public argument over whether to keep fighting or surrender to rebels . Here is a look at the Gadhafi family -- a large , at times quarrelsome clan that helped the embattled strongman hold onto power for more than four decades . MOAMMAR GADHAFI Leader of Libya since 1969 , Gadhafi was last reported seen June 12 , two weeks before the International Criminal Court issued a warrant for his arrest . An audio message purporting to be from him aired August 24 , days after rebels overran the capital Tripoli . Gadhafi 's son Saif al-Islam told Syria 's Rai TV August 31 that his father was "  fine . We are fighting , and we are drinking tea and drinking coffee and sitting with our families and fighting . " The Algerian government announced earlier that week that Moammar Gadhafi 's wife , Safia , and three of his grown children -- daughter Aisha and two of his sons , Hannibal and Mohamed -- had arrived in the neighboring North African country . But on September 1 , Algeria 's foreign minister denied that the leader had come with them . "  Of course not , " Mourad Medelci told French radio network Europe 1 when asked whether Gadhafi was in Algeria . "  The hypothesis that Mr. Gadhafi could come knocking on our door was never considered . " SAIF AL-ISLAM The most noted power player is Saif al-Islam . Once seen as a possible successor to his father and an advocate of reform , he became a vocal defender of his father 's brutal regime . Saif is wanted by the International Criminal Court , which issued an arrest warrant for him in June on charges of crimes against humanity . Although rebels claimed his capture when they rolled into Tripoli , Saif al-Islam later showed up at the Rixos Hotel in a convoy of armored Land Cruisers . Since then , his whereabouts have been unknown , but at the end of August he vowed "  Victory or martyrdom ! " in a call to Syria 's Rai TV . Saif al-Islam , saying he was speaking from a suburb of Tripoli , urged Libyans to rise up against the rebels : "  Wherever you see the enemy , attack them . They are weak , they have suffered lots of losses and they are now licking their wounds . " He is the second-oldest son , the oldest of Gadhafi 's second wife Safia . He was educated at the London School of Economics . He speaks fluent English , is a fastidious dresser and he paints . An exhibition of his work was displayed in Moscow . SAADI Saadi offered to negotiate an end to the war with the rebels after his father 's troops lost control of Tripoli , but later seemed to change his mind . In intermittent contact with CNN 's Nic Robertson , he originally appeared willing to promise his father and older brother would stay out of the way of a peace deal . "  If  the rebels  agree to cooperate to save the country together  without my father and Saif  , then it will be easy and fast . I promise ! " Saadi Gadhafi said in an e-mail to Robertson . He said the opposition can not "  build a new country without having us in the table . " But he later said he would not surrender to the rebels . They , in turn , offered him safe passage to Tripoli and proper treatment , but said he would be put on trial rather than given a chance to negotiate . A businessman , Saadi ran the Libyan Football Federation before the unrest began . He played soccer for Perugia in Italy for one season . Leaked U.S. diplomatic cables posted on WikiLeaks claim that he had "  scuffles " with police in Europe . AISHA Moammar Gadhafi 's only daughter , a former U.N. goodwill ambassador who has kept a low profile during Libya 's violent uprising , crossed into Algeria with her mother and brothers Hannibal and Mohamed August 29 . She gave birth to a daughter at the border , sources close to her family told CNN . Known in the Arab media as the "  Claudia Schiffer " of the region , the striking blonde beauty was once considered her embattled father 's best asset . But , unlike her brothers , Aisha Gadhafi has largely kept out of the public eye as rebels continue to quash the last pockets of resistance from her father 's 42-year-old regime . Many observers expected her to show more support for her father 's increasingly beleaguered regime , especially when a NATO airstrike in April killed her brother , Saif al-Arab Gadhafi , and her own daughter -- one of several Gadhafi grandchildren who died in the attack . In February , as Moammar Gadhafi called on the military to crack down on anti-government protesters early in the Libyan conflict , the United Nations terminated his daughter 's stint as a goodwill ambassador in Libya for the U.N. Development Program . A lawyer by profession , she is also known to toe a very tough political line . She has been a longtime , loud supporter of anti-government groups -- except at home -- including the IRA and the insurgents in Iraq . She was famously part of Saddam Hussein 's defense team when he was tried . He ultimately was convicted and hanged . When London 's Telegraph newspaper asked her how she felt about Iraqis who say he slaughtered thousands of their countrymen , she replied , "  You are bound to meet people who may be against your policies . " HANNIBAL Hannibal fled into Algeria with his mother , sister Aisha and brother Mohamed August 29 . Rebels who picked through Hannibal Gadhafi 's seaside villa a day earlier introduced CNN 's Dan Rivers to his family 's badly burned former nanny , who said she had been doused with boiling water by Hannibal Gadhafi 's wife Aline when she refused to beat one of their crying toddlers . The nanny , Shweyga Mullah , is covered with scars from the abuse , which was corroborated by another member of the household staff . Hannibal has reportedly paid millions of dollars for private parties featuring big-name entertainers including Beyonce , Mariah Carey and Usher . Several of the artists now say they have given the money back . It 's not just Hannibal 's parties that make news . He has been implicated in a string of violent incidents in Europe . He was accused of beating his staff , although the charges were later dropped . He was accused of beating his wife , model Aline Skaf , in a London hotel . She later said her broken nose was the result of an accident . In a spectacular episode , Hannibal was stopped after driving his Ferrari 90 mph the wrong way on the Champs-Elysees in Paris . He invoked diplomatic immunity . MOHAMED Mohamed is the son of Moammar Gadhafi and his first wife , Fatiha . Mohamed was one of three Gadhafi sons who had been reported captured as the rebels overran Tripoli last week , but the rebels said he had escaped the following day . He was among the family who crossed into Algeria at the end of August . Before the unrest , he was the head of Libya 's Olympic committee and chairman of the company that operated cell phone and satellite services in Libya . MUTASSIM Mutassim once allegedly helped plot a coup against his father and had to flee the country when it failed . He was eventually forgiven and became his father 's national security adviser . Mutassim was involved in official talks with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in 2009 about improving U.S.-Libyan relations . His whereabouts are unknown . KHAMIS Khamis was said to command a special forces unit known as the 32nd brigade , or the Khamis brigade , which protected the Gadhafi family . His troops were involved in much of the heavy fighting throughout Libya . Senior rebel commander Mahdi al-Harati told CNN Khamis was killed August 28 in a battle with rebel forces between the villages of Tarunah and Bani Walid -- near Misrata -- in northwest Libya . Khamis died from his wounds at a hospital , and was buried in the area by rebel forces , al-Harati said . CNN has not independently confirmed his death . SAIF AL-ARAB Saif al-Arab was killed in an April 30 NATO airstrike . Moammar Gadhafi and his wife were at their son 's house when it was targeted . Very little is known about him . MILAD Milad is a nephew whom Moammar Gadhafi adopted . He is said to have saved Gadhafi 's life in the U.S. bombing of his compound in 1986 . Milad 's whereabouts are unknown .	Gadhafi last reported seen June 12 , two weeks before ICC issued warrant for his arrest . Three of his children have fled the country , and at least one is dead . Two sons seem to have public argument over whether to keep fighting or surrender
The Winter Olympics ' motto was " Hot . Cool . Yours . " From eye-popping helmet designs to Formula One-influenced bobsleigh , the Sochi 2014 Games offered a bewildering array of technological innovation as well as some seriously "  pimped up " athlete equipment . As well as the funky headgear , who could forget the Norwegian curling team 's pants , which were reminiscent of an abstract Mondrian painting ? Bobsleigh was in the vanguard of exploring new technological improvements , with a number of teams hooking up with leading F1 marques or car manufacturers . While the Italian National Olympic Committee worked with Ferrari , the U.S. two-men bobsleigh team benefited from its collaboration with BMW . The result ? The first American two-man bobsleigh medal in 62 years . The U.S. speed skating team had less luck with its Mach 39 Under Armour suits , leaving the Winter Olympics without a medal for the first time since 1984 . Despite the criticism of the team 's suits , last week U.S. Speed Skating renewed its partnership with Under Armour for another eight years . "  Look , we got beat up a little bit last week and speed skating is obviously getting beaten up , " Under Armour chief executive Kevin Plank told CBS ' "  This Morning " show . "  So what we do n't do is we do n't retreat . We dust ourselves up and we come back bigger , better and stronger than we ever were before . " Television companies got in on the act using a hexacopter -- or remote piloted aircraft -- to transmit live video of snowboard and ski jump competitions to a screen near you . Take a look at the gallery above to see the gear that made Sochi cool .	The Winter Olympics revealed a wide range of high-tech equipment While some gear enhances athletes ' performance , some are more focused on style U.S. speed skating team suffered problems with its hi-tech bodysuits TV companies used drones for aerial shots of mountain events
CNN  -- The Obama administration said Iran has been "  saber-rattling " over its threat to block the strategically important Strait of Hormuz and renewed its vow Thursday to keep the corridor open . But the Islamic republic 's military underscored its intention Thursday to undertake whatever military maneuvers it sees fit on the waterway . This is the latest in the recent war of words between the United States and Iran over the strait . It started when Tehran 's vice president this week warned that the country could block the strait if sanctions are imposed on its exports of crude oil . The U.S. Fifth Fleet based in Bahrain countered that "  any disruption will not be tolerated . " The shipping channel leads in and out of the Persian Gulf between Iran on one coast and Oman and the United Arab Emirates on the other . It is strategically important because tankers carrying oil travel through it . An Obama administration official , speaking on background because of the sensitivity of the issue , said the government has been "  committed to Gulf security for decades and it should come as no surprise to anyone that we 'll do what we must to ensure the strait remains open . " Iranian Brig. Gen. Hossein Salami , deputy commander of Iran 's Islamic Revolution Guards Corps , said his country "  asks for no other country 's permission for the implementation of its defense strategies , " state-run Press TV reported on Thursday . On Wednesday , Iran 's Navy Commander Rear Admiral Habibollah Sayyari said , "  Iran has total control over the strategic water way , " adding that , "  Closing the Strait of Hormuz is very easy for Iranian naval forces . " The vice president , Mohammad Reza Rahimi , issued his threat on Tuesday . "  Iran has repeatedly warned that in the event of a military attack on the country , it will not hesitate in taking all necessary measures to protect its sovereignty one of which would be to close the strategic oil passage , " Press TV said in its report . The administration official stressed that "  the saber-rattling is really all on the Iranian side . " Iran has been holding a 10-day military exercise in an area from the eastern part of the strait out into the Arabian Sea . Western diplomats describe the maneuvers as further evidence of Iran 's volatile behavior . France , Britain and Germany have proposed sanctions to punish Iran 's lack of cooperation on its nuclear program . Western powers believe Iran is intent on building nuclear weapons , but Iran says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes . Physically closing the strait would require means that likely are not available to Iran , said Professor Jean-Paul Rodrigue of Hofstra University . "  At best , Iran can posture and potentially disrupt traffic for a short duration , " said Rodrigue , who specializes in global trade and maritime transportation issues . Rodrigue told CNN that any move by Iran to close the strait would be "  suicidal " to the current regime . In 2009 , 15 million barrels of oil passed through the strait every day , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . "  Keep in mind that countries such as China and Japan are more dependent on Persian Gulf oil than the United States , " the professor said . About 18 % of U.S. net petroleum imports come from the Persian Gulf region , while Canada provides 25 % , according to Rodrigue . The scholar , who has written extensively about oil "  chokepoints , " said there are no other means to move large quantities of oil over long distance than by maritime transportation . "  It is thus an international issue where the United States , for strategic and historical reasons , is spearheading its security , " Rodrigue said . CNN 's Phil Gast and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	The U.S. will do "  what we must " to keep the strait open , official says Iran says it will do what it sees fit for its defense Europe wants tougher sanctions on Iran over its nuclear program
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- On his final full day in office , President Bush issued commutations for two former U.S. Border Patrol agents convicted in 2006 of shooting and wounding an unarmed illegal immigrant -- suspected of drug smuggling at the time -- and then covering it up . An artist 's sketch shows Ignacio Ramos , left , and Jose Compean . The prison sentences of Ignacio Ramos and Jose Compean will now end March 20 . Ramos had received an 11-year prison sentence ; Compean had received a 12-year term . They began serving their sentences in January 2007 . The Office of the Pardon Attorney was still reviewing the clemency request when Bush made his decision , Justice Department spokeswoman Laura Sweeney said . "  The president has reviewed the circumstances of this case as a whole and the conditions of confinement and believes the sentences they received are too harsh and that they , and their families , have suffered enough for their crimes , " a senior administration official said . "  Commuting their sentences does not diminish the seriousness of their crimes . Ramos and Compean are convicted felons who violated their oaths to uphold the law and have been severely punished , " the official stated . "  This commutation gives them an opportunity to return to their families and communities , but both men will have to carry the burden of being convicted felons and the shame of violating their oaths for the rest of their lives . " The official noted that both Democratic and Republican members of Congress have supported a commutation , including President-elect Barack Obama 's incoming White House chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , and Texas GOP Sens. Kay Bailey Hutchison and John Cornyn . The head of the labor union representing Border Patrol agents told CNN Radio he was "  grateful " that Bush commuted the sentences but questioned why the prison terms wo n't end until March 20 . "  I would be quite curious to learn why they have to wait another two months for an unjust sentence , " said Rich Pierce , president of the National Border Patrol Council . He said the union 's ultimate goal would be for the men to get their Border Patrol jobs back . The shooting happened February 17 , 2005 , on the border southeast of El Paso , Texas . During their trial , Ramos and Compean said the illegal immigrant , Osvaldo Aldrete-Davila , had brandished a gun while actively resisting arrest . Aldrete-Davila , however , said he was unarmed and was attempting to surrender when Compean attempted to beat him with a shotgun . Aldrete-Davila was shot while fleeing toward the Rio Grande . Ramos and Compean were ultimately convicted of assault with a dangerous weapon , lying about the incident and violating Aldrete-Davila 's Fourth Amendment right against illegal search and seizure . After receiving immunity to testify in the case against the two agents , Aldrete-Davila was arrested in 2007 on charges of bringing more than 750 pounds of marijuana into the United States . The case quickly became a political flash point , with advocates of tighter border controls defending the agents and civil liberties groups saying that the agents had used illegal and excessive force against Aldrete-Davila . Bush has granted 189 pardons and 11 commutations over his eight years in office , far fewer than Presidents Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan in their two-term administrations . During the final months of the Bush administration , speculation has swirled around the question of whether former vice presidential aide Lewis "  Scooter " Libby would be granted the presidential favor . Libby was convicted in March of 2007 of four counts of lying and impeding a federal investigation into the leak of information that revealed that Valerie Plame was a covert CIA operative . Among the more notable people who have applied for -- but not received -- some form of clemency are : former Rep. Randall "  Duke " Cunningham , R-California , who was convicted of receiving bribes ; publishing executive Conrad Black , who was found guilty of fraud ; former junk bold salesman Michael Milken , who pleaded guilty to securities fraud ; and former WorldCom CEO Bernard Ebbers , convicted of accounting fraud . The parents of John Walker Lindh , who was given a 20-year sentence after pleading guilty to supporting terrorists in Afghanistan , held a news conference in December urging Bush to commute their son 's sentence . There is a long tradition of presidents issuing pardons and commutations during their final days in office . Clinton pardoned fugitive financier Marc Rich during his last hours in office , setting off a firestorm of controversy . A commutation reduces a convict 's prison term , but the conviction remains on the person 's record . A pardon , however , wipes the slate clean by erasing the record of the conviction . A president has the sole authority to grant clemency to whomever he chooses , although a Justice Department office usually reviews applications and makes recommendations after considering such standards as a person 's degree of remorse and ability to lead a responsible and productive life after release . Those applying for a pardon through the Justice Department are required to wait at least five years after their conviction or release from confinement .	Bush commutes sentences of Ignacio Ramos and Jose Compean President believes "  the sentences they received are too harsh , " official says Ex-Border Patrol agents will be released March 20 Pair convicted of shooting undocumented immigrant allegedly running drugs
Anti-Chinese protests in Vietnam have turned violent with demonstrators setting on fire a number of factories in a southern Vietnamese industrial park . Properties in the Vietnam-Singapore Industrial Parks  VSIP  I & II in Binh Duong were targeted Tuesday by thousands of protesters demonstrating over China 's deployment of an oil rig into waters that both countries claim as sovereign territory . Reports suggest the demonstrators targeted factories owned by Chinese firms , although CNN received a report that the arson was indiscriminate , with Korean - , Taiwanese - and Japanese-owned properties also torched by the angry mob . Speaking to CNN , the CEO of a foreign-owned factory , who asked not to be named , relayed information from his employees that "  600 " protestors entered the company 's factory building in the park and caused minor damage but did not set it alight . He said that neither local police nor the government were responding to the violence , reportedly claiming that there was nothing they can do to control the situation . A Taiwan-based employee of Asama Bicycles , whose factory was damaged in the riot , told CNN that "  all personnel have been evacuated from the factory and we can only learn the situation after the protesters leave the area . " The Singaporean Ministry of Foreign Affairs released a statement Wednesday , saying that the government had been informed that "  a number of foreign companies have been broken into and set on fire . " "  Singapore views this issue very seriously given our close economic cooperation with Vietnam , " the statement read , requesting that "  the Vietnamese government to act immediately to restore law and order in the two  parks  before the security situation worsens and investor confidence is undermined . " Vietnamese protesters target Chinese embassy ` China 's inherent territory ' The destruction of property comes after a Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs  MoFA  spokesperson called on the Vietnamese government to protect Chinese interests in the country . "  The Xisha  Paracel  Islands are China 's inherent territory , " MoFA spokesperson Hua Chunying said at a briefing Monday . "  The Chinese company 's normal operations fall within China 's sovereignty . China ... has required the Vietnamese side to take all necessary measures to protect the safety and lawful rights of Chinese citizens and institutions in Vietnam . " The escalating protests come after hundreds of protestors took to the streets in Vietnam over the weekend as the territorial dispute exacerbated relations between the neighboring communist states . Vietnamese officials say Chinese military and civilian ships have been harassing their vessels near the Paracel Islands -- which are controlled by Beijing but claimed by Hanoi -- since the previous Sunday , even accusing the Chinese of repeatedly ramming into them and shooting water cannon . A rally , which drew around a thousand protesters in Hanoi Sunday , focused local ire on the Chinese embassy , while smaller protests in Danang and Ho Chi Minh City echoed the anti-Chinese sentiment emanating from the political capital . While public protests are rare in Vietnam , where the one-party system is wary of public gatherings , there have been several anti-Chinese protests in recent years . That this weekend 's actions went ahead unobstructed by police is seen as a sign that the government tacitly approves of the protests . ` Provocative ' decision The U.S. Department of State released a statement last week , calling China 's decision to send the oil rig , accompanied by a flotilla of government vessels , "  provocative , " and an act that "  raises tensions . " "  This unilateral action appears to be part of a broader pattern of Chinese behavior to advance its claims over disputed territory in a manner that undermines peace and stability in the region , " the statement said . The language was echoed by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in a telephone call this week between the diplomat and his Chinese counterpart . It also raised concerns about the conduct of the Chinese vessels in the area , calling some actions by Chinese ships "  dangerous . " Exclusion zone Relations between China and Vietnam soured on Friday , when a Chinese platform began drilling for oil near the Paracel Islands . The oil rig , Haiyang Shiyou 981 , is owned by state gas and oil company CNOOC . The Maritime Safety Administration of China  MSAC  declared a three-mile exclusion zone around the rig , while military vessels have been deployed to patrol the area . "  At present , the number of escorting ships of China has reached 60 , including military ships , " Tran Duy Hai , Vice Chair of Vietnam 's National Boundary Commission , said in a statement Wednesday . "  These vessels have intentionally hit and collided with Vietnamese law enforcement ships , including those of the Maritime Police and Fisheries Control , causing damage in human and property . "  sic China maintains that its current drilling activities are legitimate and blames the Vietnamese for provoking the conflict . "  The drilling activities of this rig are within China 's territorial waters . The harassment by the Vietnamese side is in violation of China 's sovereign rights , " said Hua Chunying , spokesperson of China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs . She did not confirm the boat collisions . According to CNOOC , a third of China 's oil and gas resources are under the South China Sea , most of which it claims as its own , refuting rival claims from Vietnam , the Philippines , Taiwan , Malaysia , and Brunei .	Factories in industrial park burned down by anti-Chinese protesters China has called on Vietnam to protect Chinese interests in the country Vietnamese have been protesting against perceived territorial incursions by China Vietnam says Chinese ships have made violent attacks on Vietnamese vessels
CNN  -- The number of people forced from their homes worldwide has risen to 43.7 million , the highest level in 15 years , according to a U.N. refugee agency report released Monday . That 's up from 43.3 million people a year earlier , said UNHCR 's 2010 Global Trends report , which was released to coincide with World Refugee Day . Of those displaced , the report classified 15.4 million people as refugees forced to flee their country and 27.5 million as displaced persons within their own country , forced to leave their home because of conflict or natural disaster , the report said . The release of the annual report comes amid ireports of people fleeing conflict in Syria , Sudan and Libya . In recent days , thousands have begun fleeing to refugee camps set up along the Syria-Turkey border to accommodate those attempting to escape a Syrian military crackdown on anti-government demonstrators . "  Four-fifths of world refugees are in the developing world , and it is the developing world that needs international solidarity to cope with this challenge , " Antonio Guterres , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , said Monday . A woman , who identified herself as Nour , said she fled to the camps because she believed she would die if she stayed in Syria . "  I come here . This circumstance is so difficult , " she said . "  I am pregnant . I can not bear such things . " The report said 10.5 million of the world 's refugees are under the care of the United Nations , and another 4.82 million are registered with the U.N. Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees . "  I think there are two dramatic misperceptions  regarding refugees  , " Guterres said . "  The first is the idea that all refugees come into the north , into Europe , which is not true ... and the second perception is the inability to distinguish what economic migration is -- people moving from one country to another because they want , and that 's a very legitimate aspiration , a better life , and what refugees are -- those that are fleeing the conflict and persecution , those that have no alternative but to flee from their country . " The report also found that Afghans accounted for a third of the world 's refugees , followed by Iraqis , Somalis , Congolese and Sudanese refugees . Four-fifths of the world 's refugees live in some of the world 's poorest countries , with Pakistan , Iran and Syria hosting the most refugees , according to the report . "  The world is failing these people , leaving them to wait out the instability back home and put their lives on hold indefinitely , " Guterres said in a written statement . "  Developing countries can not continue to bear this burden alone , and the industrialized world must address this imbalance . " Guterres called for increased settlement quotas and accelerated peace initiatives in long-standing conflicts so that refugees can go home . CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	The United Nations says record number of people have fled their homes The U.N. releases its report to coincide with World Refugee Day Afghans account for a third of the world 's refugees , the report says Report : Four-fifths of the world 's refugees live in the world 's poorest countries
CNET  -- High-quality , high-definition videoconferencing is coming to the living room , but consumers should expect to pay top dollar for it . Today not one but two major technology companies will be announcing new videoconferencing products for the home . Cisco Systems , which already has a well-established telepresence line of products for large companies , and Logitech , which makes Webcams and other PC peripherals , each in separate press conferences plan to announce products that will bring telepresence videoconferencing to consumers in the home . For years , technology companies have been describing a day when grandmas halfway around the globe could dial in to a video call to watch their grandchildren take their first steps . Loved ones separated by oceans could share in all kinds of special moments via high-quality videoconferencing that makes them feel as if they are in the same room . Finally , the promise will soon be reality . As high-speed Internet access and high-definition TVs become more ubiquitous , and the cost of high-definition cameras and high-end processors comes down , the time is finally right for high-quality videoconferencing technology to come to the home . But even with price drops on these components and the ubiquity of broadband , getting this high-quality video experience wo n't come cheap . The Wall Street Journal reports that Cisco is expected to charge $ 600 for new hardware and a $ 30-a-month service fee for its home telepresence service . Other news outlets cite a lower-end Cisco solution that costs $ 200 . If Cisco teams up with service providers , such as Comcast or Verizon Communications , it may offer the device for a subsidized price and make up the difference on monthly service fees . Regardless of exact pricing , the home edition of telepresence will be considerably less than the $ 100,000 the company charges large companies to set up telepresence conference rooms . Still , it may be too high for the average consumer , especially when much less expensive options are already available . For example , Skype offers free videoconferencing through its peer-to-peer service . People can use the Skype client on a computer or they can use it on an HD TV . Skype 's service is already bundled into several models of high-definition TVs sold by Panasonic and Samsung that connect directly to the Internet . What 's more , later this fall Microsoft will be adding videoconferencing to its Kinect motion controller for the Xbox 360 game console . This device also offers a camera and microphones , making it yet another inexpensive solution to the videoconferencing dilemma . And there are other low-cost solutions already available . For instance , Sony 's PlayStation 3 also already offers online video chat . Cameras that can be used with Microsoft 's Xbox 360 video chat solution and Skype 's service cost about $ 150 a pop . Even though Cisco is n't officially commenting on its upcoming news , the company would likely argue that the price difference between what it plans to offer and what Skype offers comes down to quality . When Cisco first introduced its telepresence videoconferencing products for the enterprise , it bet that companies would pay for a higher-quality experience that made executives feel like they were sitting across the table from their virtual counterparts . Cisco was right . Its enterprise telepresence business has been growing steadily since it was first introduced four years ago . The life-like experience that Cisco promises with its technology certainly is not what people expect with less-expensive services from companies , such as Skype and Microsoft . Because the quality expectation is less , these services can get away with using the public Internet , and existing processing capability on devices like a TV , computer , or game console to offer the service . By contrast , Cisco is introducing dedicated hardware that will provide a much higher-quality service . And if reports of a Cisco $ 30 monthly service charge are accurate , the Cisco home telepresence service will not travel over the public Internet . Instead , it will likely be delivered over a dedicated sliver of bandwidth from a broadband provider that will guarantee a certain quality of service .  This is the same setup Cisco uses to offer its corporate customers service guarantees for its enterprise-class telepresence service . What this means is that Cisco will likely offer consumers a high-end service , which would appeal to people who are willing to pay top dollar for better quality . And Skype and others may offer a less expensive option that addresses a different segment of the market . Pricing for Logitech 's offering , which will be part of its Google TV launch , has n't been revealed yet . So it 's difficult to know if Logitech will fall in the lower-end Skype competitor category or if it plans to go after higher-end customers as Cisco is likely to do . "  We think there will be a range of products and services available based on quality , " said Cullen Childress , senior director of product management for Polycom . "  This is already the case with a lot of products in the consumer electronics market . People expect to pay a lot more for quality and a better experience . " Polycom is one of Cisco 's major competitors in the enterprise telepresence market . Polycom has already been offering a home videoconferencing service of its own . But the company has focused on business users rather than consumers . Its home office offerings range in price from $ 100 for a desktop software license to $ 10,000 for a hardware optimized experience . The difference in price is mainly dictated by the additional hardware and software necessary to guarantee a higher-quality experience , Childress said . Even though Polycom has n't yet introduced a consumer product , the company is exploring the market . In January , it teamed up with IBM to demonstrate a consumer home telepresence system at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas . IBM 's smarter-home demonstration at CES included several different applications for the connected home via a cloud-based Internet service powered by IBM . The telepresence videoconferencing application demonstrated how Polycom 's technology could be integrated with an HD TV to make and receive video calls . Polycom still has n't announced a commercial consumer product . But Childress said that ensuring higher-quality video necessitates dedicated hardware , which would drive up costs . "  Software-driven experiences work on smaller form factors , such as on mobile devices and laptop screens , " he said . "  But when you want to ensure quality , especially on a 50-inch screen , you 'd want to do optimization with hardware . " Market getting more crowded Even with a higher-quality service that may set them apart from low-cost solutions such as Skype , Cisco and Logitech will soon be competing in an increasingly crowded market . While Logitech has competed previously in the consumer market , Cisco has much more experience in the enterprise where cost is less of an issue . While it has consumer brands , such as its Flip video cameras and Linksys home Wi-Fi routers , Cisco has had a harder time hitting the sweet spot in terms of pricing for its home-grown consumer products . For example , its Wireless Home Audio offering introduced over a year ago , which is a suite of six products that allows users to share music in multiple rooms throughout their homes wirelessly , comes in three bundles that range from $ 550 to $ 1,000 , a hefty price tag for a function some systems do for a lot less .  2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Consumers should expect to pay top dollar for high-definition videoconferencing Two tech companies announcing videoconferencing products for the home today Skype already offers free videoconferencing through its peer-to-peer service
CNN  -- In her new , already much-discussed book , Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg argues we need to "  lean in " more to our careers . We need to ask for flexibility even when the thought of doing so scares us , say yes to the promotions and the big projects , and radiate our own worthiness at cocktail parties just like the Harvard boys . Agreed . But to prevent falling flat on our faces from all that forward momentum , we also need to learn to "  lean out " in other areas of our lives . Too many women might let their employers off the hook , shying away from salary negotiation or accepting policies that prevent working mothers from thriving , but more still never let themselves off the hook . Opinion : Why women must seize this moment It 's time that women wave the white flag of surrender over our own messy , beautiful lives . We must accept imperfection -- physical , domestic , social -- and strive , instead , to be whole , bold , interesting . We must embrace psychologist D.W. Winnicott 's decades-old idea of the "  good enough mother . " At the TED conference last week , surrounded by uberachievers , I was chatting with a superstar organizational leader in the hallways , and she told me that it was her 4-year-old daughter 's birthday . "  It must be hard not to be with her . It 's such a special day ! " I said . "  Not really , " she immediately responded . "  We all turned 4 -- it 's not that special . There will be plenty more birthdays , and she 's having a great day with her dad . " Photos : The historical analogs of brilliant women I was stunned . Regardless of what you think about her nonchalance , you have to admire this woman 's capacity to shed the preciousness of motherhood so publicly . In this little exchange , she was boldly "  leaning out " of the gender-based expectation that she would be tortured about missing her daughter 's birthday . Instead , she owned that she , in fact , was excited to be at a conference that promised to boost her own career . The bonus : Her husband had an opportunity to strengthen his bond and build more memories with his daughter . Another recent , and rare , sighting of a woman "  leaning out " : A couple of weeks ago , I was sitting around a coffee table , eating Thai takeout with a circle of women in their 20s and 30s . Another high-achieving friend showed us a photo of her young son , sitting on a hospital bed , smiling enthusiastically while holding out a big thumbs up . Turns out that while she was away on a business trip , he 'd fallen out of a tree and had to go to the hospital . The bowl-haired little boy had asked his father to snap this photo with his iPhone to send to his mom so she could see how brave he had been , even and especially without her . The myth of balancing motherhood and a successful career Instead of "  leaning in " to guilt that she had n't been there to supervise his stitches , she "  leaned out " with a proud smile ; her son was already learning the power of resilience . So yes , part of the revolution is asking for what we 're worth at work , but part of it is also not overestimating our worth at home . We must give ourselves permission to be less responsible in the parts of our life that women have micromanaged for decades -- the dishes , the carpool and even the thank-you notes . Too often , we want our friends , our family , our employers to all consider us infallible and "  good , " what author Rachel Simmons calls the "  curse of the good girl . " Work and family : How do you and your partner make it work ? Instead , we need to sharpen our serenity , cut through the guilt and the expectations and the perfection and accept when we just ca n't live up to our own or others ' expectations of perfection . We need to practice big , radical shrugs : the all-too-rare and oh-so-powerful , "  Oh well , " of a woman who has accepted that she could n't be everywhere at once or be everything to everybody . My own mom is a seriously talented , dynamic woman , but cooking is not one of her favorite things . Even so , she spent almost every night of my childhood cooking up homemade meatloaf , slow cookers full of oxtail soup , chicken casseroles and other Midwestern specialties just like her own mother had done , just like she thought she had to . Sadly , and to my mom 's palpable frustration , I do n't remember any of these meals . Instead , I remember my mom screening documentary films , jumping on the trampoline , going on power walks in the park with her friends . These are the things she loved . These are the things that shaped who I am . While Sheryl Sandberg has become the new icon of "  leaning in , " we need a wide variety of women -- diverse in their ethnic , economic and geographical distribution -- who embody a new era of "  leaning out , " too . Editor 's note : Join CNN Opinion on Facebook for a live discussion about women and the workplace on Tuesday from noon to 1 p.m. ET . Bring your questions and thoughts ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Courtney Martin .	Courtney Martin : "  Lean in " at work , but learn to "  lean out " in other areas of life Martin : We need to stop trying to be perfect at home life , motherhood Let go and let others take care of birthday parties , doctor visits sometimes , she says Martin : Stop being guilty , accept when we ca n't live up to expectations of perfection
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Paying for sex with trafficked or exploited women would become a crime under new laws proposed by the UK government Wednesday . Under proposed laws , it would be illegal to buy sex from a trafficked or exploited woman in the UK . The act of purchasing sex is not currently a criminal offense in England and Wales -- although there are laws against paying for sex in a public place and persistently soliciting prostitutes . Now UK Home Secretary  interior minister  Jacqui Smith says she is proposing the new measures to protect vulnerable women and tackle the demand for prostitution . Britain 's interior ministry , known as the Home Office , introduced the new measures Wednesday after a six-month review that looked at what else the government could do to protect women being exploited for sexual gain . "  I want to do everything we can to protect the thousands of vulnerable women coerced , exploited or trafficked into prostitution in our country , and to bring those who take advantage of them to justice , " Smith said in a statement . Smith said the new measures will shift the focus onto sex buyers because they create demand for prostitution and demand for the trafficking of women for sex . "  There will be no more excuses for those who pay for sex , " she added . As part of the review , the government looked at the experience of other countries including Sweden -- which has criminalized paying for sex -- and the Netherlands , where brothels are licensed . The government estimates around 80,000 people are involved in prostitution in Britain , with about 4,000 women having been trafficked for sexual exploitation . It says the prostitution market nationwide is worth up to # 1 billion  $ 1.52 billion  . Trafficking is the movement of women from one place to another for the purposes of sex . British Authorities have said trafficking usually involves the trafficker promising to bring a woman to Britain for a better life and then forcing her into prostitution . The measures -- which must be approved by Parliament -- would mean that those committing the new offense would be given a criminal record and fined # 1,000  $ 1,520  -- even if it was a person 's first offense and the offender did not know the prostitute was being controlled by a pimp or had been trafficked . Police would also be given powers to close and seal premises suspected of being used for sexual exploitation , such as brothels , which the government said will prevent further exploitation and abuse from taking place . Current law prohibits curb crawling , which involves soliciting prostitutes from a motor vehicle persistently or in a manner that causes annoyance to the neighborhood . It also prohibits "  persistent soliciting , " which is essentially curb crawling without a car . But representatives of sex workers attacked the plans Wednesday , saying they will force prostitution further underground and make women more vulnerable to violence . "  It 's going to really make it more difficult for men to use the sex industry , and it 's going to mean that women are going to have to take more risks in order to earn the same money , " said Cari Mitchell , a spokeswoman for the English Collective of Prostitutes . "  It 's also going to drive it underground . It 's going to increase the stigma . " Mitchell said the government 's figures are inflated , and that most immigrant women working as prostitutes have not been trafficked and are working independently . The new measures , she said , confuse prostitution with trafficking and take the focus off those women who may be vulnerable . "  Of women who may be trafficked and forced , what they need is to be able to come forward and report to the police without any fear of being deported , " Mitchell told CNN . The new restrictions on curb crawling wo n't end the practice , Mitchell said , but simply give prostitutes less time to weigh up any potential dangers before getting in the client 's car .	UK government : Around 4,000 women trafficked in the UK for sexual exploitation Interior ministry introduces new proposals to clamp down on sex trade Minister : Measures will shift the focus onto sex buyers because they create demand Sex workers representative : Move is counterproductive , will force prostitution underground
CNN  -- "  Take deep breaths , " I tell my son . The irony of the instruction is n't lost on me after he begins to explain why he is so upset . It 's the end of a long day -- dark way before I think it should be , as the cold has n't quite taken full hold in Atlanta . I got the text from Dr. Adams just before 3 p.m. . Once my abnormal psychology professor , now a super colleague in the department , her message read , "  No indictment ... disbelieving . " But I had come to terms with this injustice visited on Eric Garner and the rest of us -- at least in my mind . I 'd compartmentalized things since the week before with the no-indictment in Ferguson , Missouri . I clinically went about lecturing and working with my students from Spelman and Morehouse in thinking through their protest of solidarity with Ferguson and the epidemic extrajudicial killings of black folks . They began their "  Make it Matter " protest last Tuesday at the foot of the Martin Luther King statue on Morehouse 's campus and moved on to CNN Center a few miles away . I was proud . Teary-eyed . They lifted me up . I 'd brought my kid to work that day . And this is when I would begin a focused dialogue with him , in 7-year-old-speak , about the situation in Ferguson , Michael Brown and issues of race and social justice . The little guy took it just fine , asked a few questions for clarity and then concluded , "  but if a police officer is supposed to protect the people and then he shoots a teenager because he 's afraid of him , even though the teenager does n't have a gun , then -LSB- the police officer -RSB- 's a brute . " Exactly . And since then , I 've talked with , taught and consoled students on campus , reflecting on the tumult I experienced some 22 years prior in the aftermath of the police beating of Rodney King . Eric Garner 's killing is an amped-up , 21st-century manifestation of that violence with an echo of past New York cases like those of Yusuf Hawkins , Michael Griffith and William Turks . Still , I 've resisted putting it all together . Donovan X. Ramsey explained it to me so well last month with his essay "  Without Sanctuary . " But then my son , voice quivering after the long day , said , "  I 've been thinking about the problems in the world . " Wow . I knew he was too cool about this last week . "  And Mike Brown , and people do n't like other people because of their skin , " he continues , before collapsing between the front and back seat , sobbing into my arms . "  Breathe , " I say , using every ounce of physical strength I have not to cry with him . Not right now . He does n't even know about the failure to indict Officer Pantaleo in New York on Tuesday . "  The world is better already because of people like you , " I say as I begin to re-frame the conversation . "  You know what 's right and what 's wrong , and so do the students that you met last week . And we 're all going to be kind to one another , study and figure how to make it better . " I sounded very convincing , as parents are supposed to . The academic year started with the police killings of Michael Brown and Eric Garner , and the semester ends with the decision that these were somehow legal . This weighs heavy for so many . In the bubble we build at Morehouse College we hold up young black men . We work to show them the best parts of who they are , making conspicuous a humanity that the body politic refuses to see as the norm . That 's the core of the work that we do . But it 's a hard sell when the young people you reason with note that you can be shot to death in broad daylight , or choked to death on camera because white folks are scared of you . Still , the truth is that black men and women and black kids -- girls and boys -- are not disposable . We are of value . We are not objects . Breathe . Of course , this is as much a mantra for me as it is instruction to my boy . Breathe , and then let 's continue to do the work .	David Wall Rice : I 've taught and consoled students over police killings Academic year started with killings of Michael Brown , Eric Garner , he says He adds : Semester ends with decision that these were somehow legal
CNN  -- The Florida police sergeant fired for possessing shooting targets resembling Trayvon Martin defended himself Sunday and said the targets were meant to be used as training aids for "  no-shoot " situations . Sgt. Ron King was fired from his job as a firearms instructor for the Port Canaveral Police Department on Friday after an internal review determined he possessed the paper targets and offered them to fellow officers for use during a firearms training session earlier this month . "  When informed of the basic facts ,  I  found the entire situation unacceptable , " John Walsh , the interim chief executive of the Canaveral Port Authority , told reporters Saturday . "  It is not the type of behavior that I want a police officer to have on both a personal and professional level . I find his conduct intolerable and I demanded that the chief immediately start procedures to terminate this employee . " The paper targets show a faceless black hooded sweatshirt with a bull 's - eye on the chest . In one hand is a can of iced tea and in the pocket is a pack of Skittles candy , the same items Martin was carrying when he was shot and killed last year in a case that has drawn national attention . King , in a video statement posted online , said he bought the targets because the two items -- the Skittles and iced tea -- were not threatening , which meant the target could be used to help train officers when not to shoot a suspect . King did not say where he bought the targets , but similar ones caused a controversy when they were first sold online a year ago . "  While others have used it as a novelty , I view it as a tool for scenario-based firearms training , " King said . Using "  real-life situations " as training scenarios is not uncommon for firearms instructors , he said , and they help teach police how to respond to incidents in the future . "  The only stupid act I performed was to believe that some of my coworkers would be mature enough and care enough to use a bad situation as a learning tool , " King said , referring to the Martin case . Port Canaveral is just an hour away from Sanford , where the 17-year-old Martin was killed in February 2012 as he walked home at night from a convenience store . George Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch captain , is awaiting trial on a second-degree murder charge in Martin 's death . He says he shot Martin in self-defense . King , who was hired in January 2011 , disputed some of the details Walsh gave to reporters , including that he offered the targets to other officers to shoot . He said he showed them to only one , a fellow sergeant , to find out whether he thought they could be useful training aids . King said he offered one of the targets to the sergeant after the sergeant said his son would "  get a kick " out of them . Instead of taking it , he said , the sergeant took a picture and then used the image to file a complaint about King . "  To the Martin family , I would like to apologize again for those law enforcement officials that chose to use your son 's death as an element for their personal and political gains , " King said . "  I assure you that the use of these targets that are in question is to prevent a tragedy from taking place . " On Saturday , Martin family attorney Ben Crump condemned the use of the targets as "  absolutely reprehensible . " "  Such a deliberate and depraved indifference to this grieving family is unacceptable , " Crump said in a statement .	Sgt. Ron King was fired Friday from the Port Canaveral Police Department He says the target was a training aid for "  no-shoot " situations The target shows a faceless black hoodie with Skittles and iced tea An official calls his conduct "  intolerable "
CNN  -- With the holy month of Ramadan approaching , lawyers for four Guantanamo Bay captives are trying to end forced-feeding at the U.S. detention facility in Cuba . Shaker Aamer , Ahmed Belbacha , Nabil Hadjarab and Abu Wa'el Dhiab seek a speedy hearing to have their complaint heard because Ramadan begins on the evening of July 8 . The timing is urgent because Muslims who observe Ramadan fast daily from dawn to sunset . The lawyers for the four filed the federal lawsuit in Washington on Sunday . U.S. District Judge Gladys Kessler set a deadline of noon ET Wednesday for the government to respond . Navy Capt. Robert Durand of the Joint Task Force Guantanamo said it would be "  inappropriate to comment on that current litigation at this time . " Gitmo hunger strikers : ` What more can they do to me ? ' Addressing the religious requirements of Muslims during Ramadan , he said , "  we essentially invert our schedule to accommodate these religious practices , including involuntary feeding . " The lawsuit says Aamer is a Saudi national and British citizen cleared by the Obama administration for release in 2009 . Belbacha and Hadjarab , who are Algerian citizens , were first cleared for release in 2007 during the Bush administration and reauthorized for release by the Obama administration in 2009 , the suit says . Dhiab is a Syrian national cleared for release in 2009 , the lawsuit says . The Council on American-Islamic Relations , the nation 's largest Muslim civil rights and advocacy organization , repeated its call Monday for the force-feeding of hunger-striking prisoners at Guantanamo Bay to stop . Daily life at Gitmo : Hunger strikes , sprays of filth Ibrahim Hooper , the national director of communications at the council , said the practice of forced-feeding is always wrong and is particularly offensive during Ramadan . "  We 've asked for the forced-feeding to be stopped in any case . ... It sends a very negative message to the Muslim world . " Because of security measures in place , it 's difficult to determine how many detainees are on hunger strikes . As of Tuesday , 166 detainees were at Guantanamo . Durand said 106 of them are being tracked as hunger strikers . Of those , 45 are being fed through tubes directly to the stomach or intestinal tract , he said . The number could be higher : The Joint Task Force does not comment on the 15 "  high-value detainees " being held in a separate camp at Guantanamo . Some of them could be on hunger strikes , as well . More on the captives at Guantanamo Bay CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Lawyers for four detainees at Guantanamo Bay file a federal lawsuit They ask for a speedy hearing as Islam 's fasting month of Ramadan approaches They seek an end to the forced feedings of captives who are on hunger strikes
CNN  -- "  It 's a long-time habit I 've got to try to conquer , " admits rising star Keegan Bradley , as he confesses to breaking one of golf 's biggest taboos . He 's not talking about overcoming a problem with drugs , gambling or alcohol , nor is the American going through a personal or professional crisis . No , the 25-year-old , who won his first major title in 2011 , has a big issue building up in the back of his throat . "  I 'd like to apologize for my spitting , " the PGA Championship winner wrote on micro-blogging site Twitter . "  It 's like a reflex ; I do n't even know I 'm doing it . " In some cultures , expectoration is not uncommon . But on the golf course , it 's a massive no-no and such behavior often sparks outrage . Tiger Woods was fined for a similar transgression in a European Tour event in 2011 , and golf coach and broadcaster Denis Pugh took exception to Bradley 's repeated hocking during last weekend 's Northern Trust Open . Winner Haas skips friend 's wedding for fourth Tour triumph The tension seemed to get to the 25-year-old , who spat repeatedly during his pre-shot routine while engaged in a three-man playoff eventually won by Bill Haas . "  Perhaps it 's a cultural thing , OK to spit in USA ? If so how did you let that happen America ? " Pugh wrote on Twitter . "  In USA where & when is spitting not appropriate?Church ? Dinner table ? Ladies present ? Full view of hd tv camera ? There must be a time not 2do ? " Pugh orchestrated a campaign directed at one of Bradley 's sponsors , equipment maker Cleveland Golf , who at first defended their player . "  We support Keegan whether he spits or not ! " the company countered , before explaining that the player chews sunflower seeds "  and they have to go somewhere . " Then they got light-hearted about it : "  We do n't have the licensing agreement for his saliva ! " However , the public pressure told as Cleveland subsequently issued a statement on Facebook admitting that maybe Bradley had some improvements to make . "  We proudly stand by Keegan , as we have since he was on the Hooters Tour , " the world No. 19 's sponsor said . "  We know that he has a few quirks during his pre-shot routine , just like a lot of us , and he 's working very hard to overcome the spitting . We look forward to seeing Keegan in a Cleveland visor for many years to come . " Pugh , who once coached former European No. 1 Colin Montgomerie , accepted the apologies and called Bradley "  classy " for admitting his behavior was wrong . "  He 's actually a good man , his coach & I are good pals , " wrote Pugh , who now works with European Ryder Cup players Edoardo and Francesco Molinari of Italy . After watching the conclusion to Sunday 's tournament , Pugh tweeted : "  Pro golf has some serious issues at moment and PGA Tour is turning a blind eye . " "  PGA Tour commissioner  Tim Fincham must do something about slow play and spitting . " But his was not a view shared by all golf lovers . Cleveland 's Facebook post also attracted a host of comments supporting Bradley , with one saying : "  Spitting is not a big deal . His pre-shot routine is quite quirky , but it works for him . He 's won on Tour and will continue to win for quite some time . " Other users agreed . "  Do n't fix what 's not broken , it works , " read one comment , while another said , "  He 's a heck of a young player and conducts himself with grace . " Woods , arguably still golf 's biggest star despite his fall from grace in the past two years , fell foul of the sport 's disfavor for phlegm in February 2011 during a frustrating final day at the Dubai Desert Classic . The 14-time major champion was fined for a breach of conduct after being spotted spitting on the 12th green . "  The Euro Tour is right , " said Woods , who also used Twitter to express his regret 12 months ago . "  It was inconsiderate to spit like that and I know better . Just was n't thinking and want to say I 'm sorry . "	U.S. golfer Keegan Bradley attracts criticism for spitting on the golf course The 2011 PGA Championship winner apologizes and says he will try to change his ways His sponsors Cleveland Golf leap to his defense , saying they will stand by him Tiger Woods was fined by the European Tour last year for spitting
CNN  -- Arab nations meeting in Libya said they will support Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ' decision to refrain from direct peace talks unless Israel stops settlement construction . "  Restarting negotiations is conditional to the complete stop of settlement building on occupied Palestinian land , including East Jerusalem , " according to a statement issued Friday from the Arab League Ministerial Committee on the Arab Peace Initiative . "  The Israeli government is responsible for halting the direct negotiations ... as a result of its continued unlawful settlement policy . " The Israeli prime minister 's office had no immediate comment on the developments in Libya . The statement supported U.S. peacemaking efforts and President Barack Obama 's speech at the U.N. General Assembly last month regarding Palestinian rights . It also called for a "  U.S. recognition of an independent Palestinian state with pre-June 4 , 1967 , borders and east Jerusalem as its capital . " The statement also said there wo n't be "  real peace with Israel " unless the Jewish state withdraws from occupied Arab lands , including Syria 's occupied Golan and Palestinian territory . The statement said the international community should "  take necessary steps " to end Israel 's blockade of Gaza and it called for ending political differences among Palestinians . The peace initiative committee comprises the foreign ministers of Jordan , Bahrain , Tunisia , Algeria , Saudi Arabia , Sudan , Syria , the Palestinian Authority , Lebanon , Egypt , Morocco , Yemen , United Arab Emirates , Oman and Qatar . Nabil Shaath , an adviser to Abbas , told CNN on Friday that all the efforts should be focused on settlement activities and that the United States should pressure Israel to halt all the settlement activities . He also said Abbas will be delivering an important speech during the Arab League summit this weekend . The United States had been scrambling to find a way to save the recently started direct Middle East peace talks ahead of the Arab League meeting in Libya this weekend . U.S. , Israeli , Palestinian and Arab sources say intensive negotiations continue between the United States and Israel to find a formula on Israel 's construction of new settlements that will keep Abbas at the talks . Sources said the Obama administration has floated a possible set of assurances the United States could offer if Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu would agree to extend a freeze on new settlements . CNN 's Amir Ahmed and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	Arab nations : Talks are contingent on halt to settlement building U.S. is trying to salvage direct peace talks between Israel , Palestinians Palestinians want U.S. to pressure Israel over settlements
CNN  -- California 's Supreme Court on Tuesday denied the San Diego County clerk 's request to immediately halt same-sex marriages in the state , the latest , if not necessarily last , key ruling in a years-long legal fight . The decision was announced in a brief ruling , which said : "  The request for an immediate temporary stay or injunctive relief is denied . " Kamala Harris , California 's attorney general , also tweeted the news . She is among the state officials who have supported same-sex marriage and opposed the implementation of Proposition 8 , a referendum that limited marriages in the state to those between a man and a woman . The U.S. Supreme Court paved the way last month for gay and lesbian couples to resume marrying in the state . In a lengthy court document filed last Friday with California 's Supreme Court , San Diego County Clerk Ernest Dronenburg asked the court to order Gov. Jerry Brown , Harris and other state officials to abide by an "  immediate temporary stay " to once again halt same-sex marriages . "  Petitioner has been placed in an unsustainable position because , among other things , he has been threatened with legal action by the attorney general for exercising his public duties consistent with state law defining marriage as the union between one man and one woman , " Dronenburg argued . Earlier Tuesday -- before the state high court 's decision came down -- same-sex marriage supporters gathered in San Diego to decry the efforts by Dronenburg and his supporters to continue their fight . "  Your religion , I respect it , I do n't agree with it , " LGBT rights activist Sean Sala said . "  But my religion and your religion do not run this land . The Constitution of the United States runs this land . " At one point , Dronenburg himself came out to make his case , addressing reporters as his opponents stood around him . The clerk said he wanted California 's Supreme Court to halt same-sex marriages because of what had happened once before : such weddings took place only to be later ruled to be against state law . "  I asked for a stay because it 's cruel to set up people , " the county clerk said . The back-and-forth over same-sex marriage in California has been playing out in the courts and in political forums for years . Fast Facts : Same-sex marriage In May 2008 , California 's Supreme Court struck down the state 's ban on same-sex marriage , ruling that the state 's constitution gives "  this basic civil right to  marry to  all Californians , whether gay or heterosexual , and to same-sex couples as well as to opposite-sex couples . " The tide turned a few months later , when 52 % of voters backed Proposition 8 to halt gay and lesbian marriages . Yet state officials declined to stand behind the prohibition , even if private parties did . A federal appeals court subsequently ruled that Proposition 8 was unconstitutional , though it still issued a stay on same-sex marriages until the U.S. Supreme Court could weigh in . That happened June 26 , when the nation 's high court -- in a 5-4 decision -- dismissed an appeal of the earlier lower court ruling on narrow , jurisdictional grounds . High court lets same-sex marriages in California continue Two days later , the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals officially lifted the previous injunction and same-sex weddings took place very soon thereafter . Proposition 8 backers tried to get the U.S. Supreme Court to again intervene , but Justice Anthony Kennedy refused to do so . Since filing his petition , Dronenburg has become a champion for those who favor restricting marriage to heterosexuals . In a tweet several days ago , for instance , the American Family Association 's Bryan Fischer compared the county clerk to civil rights icon Rosa Parks for refusing "  to violate CA constitution on wedding licenses . " Gay rights groups , like Marriage Equality USA , cheered Tuesday 's decision denying Dronenburg 's request . Still , San Diego Gay and Lesbian News reported that the long , winding legal battle has n't necessarily come to an end . "  It 's not over ! " tweeted that organization , which describes itself as "  a proud member of the San Diego LGBT community . " "  California Supreme Court still has to has to hear petitions to halt same-gender marriage in August . "	NEW : A county clerk says he asked for a stay "  because it 's cruel to set up people " NEW : Gay rights groups cheer the ruling , while adding the legal battle is n't necessarily over California 's Supreme Court declines to immediately halt same-sex marriages in state The U.S. Supreme Court paved the way for such marriages in a key ruling last month
CNN  -- An Obama administration initiative that aims to create jobs and economic growth has been derailed in some states while it speeds along in others . The loss of a total of $ 1.2 billion in high-speed rail funds in Wisconsin and Ohio means the promise of thousands of new jobs in those states will not be realized , according to proponents of the fast passenger trains . The Obama administration wants to use large-scale infrastructure projects like high-speed rail to boost the economy much in the way that public works projects put people back to work during the Great Depression . Mayor Ron Krueger was hoping a high-speed line that was planned to go through Watertown , Wisconsin , would spur development of retail and apartments in his town of about 23,000 . But some newly elected officials have put the brakes on those plans , raising questions about whether it 's still possible to build big in the United States . Citing two incoming governors ' opposition to high-speed rail projects in the Midwest , Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood redirected $ 810 million away from Wisconsin and $ 400 million from Ohio to other states . California is getting the lion 's share , $ 624 million for its link between Los Angeles and San Francisco . $ 342 million is going to Florida with the remainder divided among Washington and 10 other states . Is the U.S. turning a corner on high-speed rail ? Along with the money comes jobs . In Wisconsin , the outgoing governor Jim Doyle claimed over 4,700 jobs directly related to the high-speed rail line between Milwaukee and Madison would have been realized at the height of construction . Proponents claimed thousands of indirect jobs would have been created as a result of the projected economic growth along the line . "  Rail creates value , " said Petra Todorovich at the Regional Plan Association , a transportation and public policy think tank in New York . She 's the director of America 2050 , a national initiative to meet the needs of the country over the next 40 years based on a projected population growth of 100 million . "  It 's a permanent investment both residential and commercial investors can look at . There are the construction jobs in working on the railroad , " Todorovich said . People in the area are also put to work building the locomotives and rail cars . There are also indirect benefits that come with a new rail line , according to Todorovich . "  There are jobs related through real estate and commercial investment . These are long-term jobs . " But Wisconsin 's Republican Governor-elect Scott Walker said he has serious doubts about the projected job benefits related to the project . "  The estimates , I think , are woefully optimistic . " Scott Walker campaigned on a promise to kill high-speed rail in Wisconsin , saying that it would leave the state with an annual operating cost of anywhere between $ 7.5 million and $ 15 million . "  There are plenty of examples of federal Interstate Highway projects in the state of Wisconsin that have terrible , terrible needs right now that are being unmet that to me would be a much better use of transportation dollars , " Walker said . Officials at the U.S. Department of Transportation said that up to 90 % of the operating costs could have been covered by federal grants . Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood tried unsuccessfully to change Governor-elect Walker 's mind before the funds were pulled . "  There is no shortage of enthusiasm and energy in almost all 50 states in America for some form of high-speed inter-city rail , " LaHood said . Some of that enthusiasm was found in Florida which put out a request for proposals for a high-speed rail line to link Tampa with several locations in and around Orlando . Even though Florida received an additional $ 342 million from the Department of Transportation for the project , Governor-elect Rick Scott , a Republican , has n't made up his mind on whether he 'll allow it to proceed . Scott has said he is concerned that the price tag for the line would exceed estimates . He is also concerned about operating costs , he said . Florida 's Department of Transportation claims close to 10,000 people would be employed in jobs directly related to the high-speed rail line during the height of construction and thousands more would be employed in indirect jobs . Meanwhile , work is beginning on a section of a high-speed rail line in California that planners hope will one day link Los Angeles with San Francisco .	Wisconsin , Ohio lose $ 1.2 billion in high-speed rail funds Officials question whether it 's still possible to build big 4,700 jobs would be created , outgoing governor said "  The estimates , I think , are woefully optimistic , " says governor-elect
London  CNN  -- The mother of a British girl whose murder spurred legislation to protect children says her phone was targeted by a private investigator working for the now-defunct tabloid that led the campaign for the new law . Sara Payne , whose slain daughter was the namesake of Sarah 's Law , said Thursday that police have confirmed unspecified "  details " on a list kept by private eye Glenn Mulcaire , one of the central figures in the scandal that took down the 168-year-old News of the World earlier this month . "  Sara is absolutely devastated by this news , we 're all deeply disappointed and are just working to get her through it , " a statement from her literary agency said Thursday . "  Sara will continue to work with the proper authorities regarding this matter . There will be a further statement in due course , but at this point in time , she  or we  can make no further comment . " Sarah 's Law , which went into effect in 2008 , allows parents to look up the records of convicted pedophiles . The News of the World led the crusade for the law for a decade and provided a mobile phone for Payne , the paper 's ex-editor said Thursday . Payne wrote a column in the paper 's defense in its final edition , arguing the News of the World "  has often been a force for good " and pointing out that earlier claims that it had hacked her phone "  turned out to be untrue . " In Thursday 's statement , Payne 's representatives said police had informed her during an earlier probe of the allegations that Mulcaire did not have her information -- but a subsequent review found that he did . News International , the now-shuttered tabloid 's corporate parent , said Thursday that it "  takes this matter very seriously and is deeply concerned like everyone . " "  As the facts are established , the Company and the independent Management and Standards Committee will take all appropriate actions , including cooperating fully with any potential criminal enquiries or civil proceedings which may arise , " it said . And Rebekah Brooks , the former News of the World editor and News International chief who has been arrested as a result of the scandal , called the revelation "  abhorrent and particularly upsetting as Sara Payne is a dear friend . " "  The idea that anyone on the newspaper knew that Sara or the campaign team were targeted by Mr. Mulcaire is unthinkable , " said Brooks , who touted the Sarah 's Law campaign during her testimony to a House of Commons committee last week . "  It is imperative for Sara and the other victims of crime that these allegations are investigated and those culpable brought to justice . " News of the World provided Payne with a mobile phone for the past 11 years as part of the campaign for Sarah 's Law , and "  The idea of her being targeted is beyond my comprehension , " Brooks said in a statement regarding the allegation . Brooks was arrested and released on bail a week after the tabloid closed . She has not been charged with a crime , however , and her lawyer says she is not guilty of any offense . News International is the British arm of media mogul Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. , which also owns the Fox television and cable networks and the New York Post in the United States . Murdoch and his son James also faced questions about the scandal last week from the same committee that grilled Brooks , and James Murdoch is among three witnesses who are being recalled for further questions Friday , a member of that panel , Tom Watson , told CNN . Thursday 's disclosure was the latest twist in a scandal that has reverberated across the highest levels of the United Kingdom , featuring allegations of widespread phone-hacking , bribery of police officers by journalists and a bungled initial probe . Journalists at News of the World are accused of bribing police to get private details about people , including members of the royal family . The scandal has led to the arrests of several reporters and the resignations of the two top officers of London 's Metropolitan Police Service . A British judge launched a new inquiry into the scandal Thursday , saying the probe would start ordering people to testify and hand over documents "  as soon as possible . " The judge , Brian Levenson , said the inquiry would try to deliver its initial report within a year , as instructed , despite the wide range of subjects it 's supposed to cover . Prime Minister David Cameron announced the inquiry July 13 in response to public fury at the accusation that people working for News of the World illegally hacked into the phone of a missing British schoolgirl who was later found dead . And London 's Metropolitan Police are running two investigations , one into the allegations of hacking and one into charges of police bribery . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Laura Perez Maestro and David Wilkinson contributed to this report .	NEW : News International says it is "  deeply concerned " by the report Anti-pedophile activist Sara Payne says her phone was targeted Payne had defended News of the World in its last edition Ex-tabloid editor Brooks calls the action "  abhorrent "
CNN  With its snow-capped mountains and picturesque deserted hamlets , the Bleone Valley , where a Germanwings jet crashed Tuesday , is a stunningly beautiful but sparsely populated spot . Tiny villages are scattered along the gorge , which rises from the apple and pear orchards and the gray stone riverbed of the valley floor to heights of more than 2,000 meters  1.2 miles  above sea level . Many of these villages , which were bustling communities in the 19th century , now lie abandoned or survive with just a handful of inhabitants . One dead-end road , the D107 , winds its way through Prads-Haute-Bleone , passing churches and a campsite that offers a peaceful retreat for summer hikers . But the remoteness -- which appeals to small numbers of holidaymakers looking to ski in winter or take restorative walks through the green hills in the warmer months -- may make reaching the wreckage of the Germanwings plane difficult . Gilles Gravier , director of the tourist office in Val d'Allos , told French newspaper Liberation the crash occurred in a particularly steep spot on the Trois Eveches mountain , and may have been witnessed by skiers on the area 's slopes . "  There is no access by road ; emergency crews are coming in by air , using helicopters , " he said . Capt. Benoit Zeisser from the Gendarmerie in the nearby town of Digne told CNN the aircraft was lying in "  difficult terrain . " Sandrine Boisse , the president of the tourism office at the Pra Loup ski resort , said she heard the plane crash and called the police and the local government office to find out what had happened . "  It was about 11  a.m.  here . I was outside the garage , and we heard a strange noise , " she said . "  And at first we thought it was an avalanche , but it was strange at this time because it was 11 . "  Something was wrong . ... We did n't know what . " Her husband was skiing nearby and saw a plane flying at low altitude , she said . French President Francois Hollande warned "  it will take some hours for the emergency services to reach the crash site . " Photographs posted on Twitter hours after the plane disappeared from radar showed helicopters preparing to take off , and emergency vehicles lining up ready to receive the victims ' remains . The bodies of those on board the plane are expected to be taken to the gymnasium at the local high school in Seyne les Alpes , some 10 kilometers  6 miles  from the crash site , which will be used as a temporary morgue . French police in the region have pleaded with locals and visitors to stay away from the site , urging them "  not to clutter the roads , " leaving them clear for emergency vehicles .	Resident tells CNN she initially mistook the noise from the crash for an avalanche Crash site in the Bleone Valley is remote , difficult to reach Single mountain road leads to area ; police urge people to leave it clear
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- In the single deadliest loss for U.S. troops since the Afghan war began in late 2001 , 30 service members died early Saturday when a helicopter carrying them went down while they were reinforcing other troops , officials said . Insurgents are believed to have shot down the CH-47 Chinook , a U.S. military official said . The Taliban claimed militants downed the helicopter with a rocket-propelled grenade . Among the 25 U.S. special operations forces killed in Wardak province were 22 Navy SEALS , considered to be the "  best of the best . " Seven Afghan troops also died . The majority of the Navy SEALs who died belonged to the same covert unit that conducted the raid that killed Osama bin Laden in May , though they were not the same men , the military official said . The troops died during a "  quick reaction " mission to assist military personnel pinned down by insurgents in a fierce firefight , a U.S. military official told CNN . "  It 's a big loss " for the SEALs , one of the officials said . "  The numbers are high . " Reflecting on the sobering loss , President Barack Obama said the deaths were "  a reminder of the extraordinary sacrifices made by the men and women of our military and their families , including all who have served in Afghanistan . " NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said 30 U.S. service members in ISAF , one civilian interpreter and seven Afghan commandos were killed . The nationality of the interpreter was not known late Saturday . Among those killed was Aaron Carson Vaughn , 30 , his grandmother told CNN Saturday night . She called him a brave warrior and gentle man . Geneva Carson Vaughn of Union City , Tennessee , said Aaron lived with his wife and two small children in Virginia Beach , Virginia . The SEAL told her in June not to worry about his well-being , she said . "  He said ` I 'm not afraid . Because I know where I am going if something happens to me . ' " "  He is with the Lord now , " she said . "  I will see him again someday . " The U.S. deaths came as NATO is drawing down and handing over security control to national forces . Some 10,000 U.S. troops are scheduled to depart by year 's end , with the full draw-down expected to take place by the end of 2014 . However , no one is talking about withdrawing special operations forces and they are expected to stay on the job . "  We are determined to stay the course , especially in this crucial period when Afghan and international security forces are working closer than ever to make transition a success , " NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said . Special operations forces have been conducting almost daily night-time raids against insurgent targets in rugged areas like Wardak . The Chinook went down as an Afghan and coalition force operation targeted a bomb-making cell leader in Wardak , leading to the detention of numerous insurgents Friday , according to ISAF . It is not clear if the helicopter incident and the raid were connected . Mohammad Hazrat Janan , head of the provincial council , said Tangi village elders reported that insurgents shot at the craft when it was returning from an operation . Officials are being especially tight-lipped because recovery operations at the site are still underway and body identifications and family notifications are just beginning , a U.S. military official said . ISAF has not said how the incident occurred . Spokesman Justin Brockhoff acknowledged the helicopter had been flying in an area where there was reported insurgent activity . "  No words describe the sorrow we feel in the wake of this tragic loss , " said Gen. John R. Allen , ISAF commander . "  All of those killed in this operation were true heroes who had already given so much in the defense of freedom . Their sacrifice will not be forgotten . Our thoughts and prayers are with the families who are now waiting for their loved ones to return home . We will do everything in our power to support them in this time of need . " The U.S. Embassy in Kabul , which said the helicopter went down Friday evening , said ISAF "  is still assessing the circumstances that resulted in these deaths . " Afghan Defense Ministry spokesman Zahir Azimi said it 's too early to say if the Taliban caused the crash . He called for an investigation . Afghan President Hamid Karzai , Obama and others offered condolences . "  Information is still coming in about this incident . I think it 's important that we allow investigators to do their work before jumping to too many conclusions , " said Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . "  It 's also important that we respect the process of notifying family members , no matter how long that takes . We ought to remember that the troops we lose in this war are n't just statistics or numbers on a wall . They were parents and siblings , and someone 's child . We need to make sure we do all we can to comfort and support the families whose lives are now forever changed . " Obama was first notified of the incident shortly after 8 p.m. Friday , a White House official told CNN . The president led a telephone briefing midmorning Saturday . The CH-47 Chinook is the workhorse helicopter of the Army , used for decades to haul large numbers of troops and quantities of equipment . The military is looking into whether the helicopter was vulnerable to being shot down . Depending on the configuration , the tandem-rotor Chinook can carry 33 to 55 troops , plus two pilots on the flight deck , according to Jane 's Defence Equipment and Technology . It is capable of speeds up to 159 mph . The front rotor turns counter-clockwise while the rear rotor turns clockwise . The SEALs , and other special operations forces , are given dangerous missions and go after insurgents in remote areas . A huge amount of money , training and expertise is poured into their careers . Along with carrying out counter-terrorism assaults on the Afghan-Pakistani border , they conduct training and military missions around the world . The Afghan street is buzzing with reflection about the significance of the incident . "  It shows that the Taliban are very strong and have not been defeated by the U.S. , " said Kabul resident Saifurahman Ahmezai . But others said the incident is not emblematic of a new-found insurgent strength . "  The Taliban are not that powerful , " said Hezat , a police officer in Kabul who goes only by one name . "  But if the international forces leave Afghanistan , the situation will get even worse . " Last month , a NATO helicopter was brought down by insurgent fire in the country 's eastern province of Kunar . The Taliban also claimed responsibility for that attack , though no injuries were reported . In a separate incident , a NATO service member died Saturday after an improvised explosive device detonated in southern Afghanistan . Elsewhere , a joint Afghan and coalition force conducted raids in the eastern province of Nangarhar , killing "  several insurgents , " NATO reported . The operation also targeted a "  Taliban facilitator , " who NATO said was responsible for supplying ammunition and bomb-making materials to the Taliban . In July , a series of gun battles in Nangarhar between insurgents and NATO forces left at least 10 militants dead . There are 150,000 ISAF forces in Afghanistan , including nearly 100,000 from the United States -- the largest NATO presence in the region since the U.S.-led war began in 2001 . David Ariosto reported from Kabul , Afghanistan , and Barbara Starr and Steve Brusk reported from Washington .	NEW : Grandmother talks of loss of SEAL Helicopter was on a reinforcement mission , U.S. military official says 22 of the dead are U.S. Navy SEALs , U.S. officials say A majority belonged to the same unit that killed Osama bin Laden
CNN  -- A staff member of the aid organization Doctors Without Borders has died after an attack on a vehicle near the capital of South Sudan , the group said Friday . The aid worker , Joseph , whose full name has been withheld at the request of his family , died two days after the attack , which took place Monday on a main road outside the capital , Juba , according to Doctors Without Borders . Opinion : We need an Arms Trade Treaty now A second employee of the organization was seriously wounded , the group said . Doctors Without Borders , also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres , said the "  exact circumstances " of the attack are n't yet clear , but the car in which its two staff members were traveling was "  clearly marked as belonging to Medecins Sans Frontieres . " The organization has requested that South Sudanese authorities "  investigate the brutal attack that resulted in the killing of our colleague , " said Marcel Langenbach , director of operations for the group . "  We want to emphasize the need to respect international humanitarian law and on the obligation to ensure the protection of humanitarian workers , their property and health facilities , " he said . Doctors Without Borders said it had been working in the region for more than 30 years . South Sudan officially gained its statehood in July 2011 after separating from Sudan .	A Doctors Without Borders staff member died this week , the group says The car that he and another worker were traveling in came under attack The other staff member was seriously wounded Doctors Without Borders calls for an investigation into the "  brutal attack "
Gaza City  CNN  -- A rocket was fired into northern Israel from southern Lebanon , and the Israeli military responded with an artillery strike , a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces said Friday . The rocket landed near the northern Israeli town of Metula , which sits right by the Lebanese border , and no damage or injuries have been reported . It was not immediately clear who fired the rocket . The IDF spokesman said that Israel holds the Lebanese government responsible for the attack . Two rockets were launched from the town of Mari in southern Lebanon , Lebanon 's official news agency NNA reported , while a third rocket failed to launch . The artillery strike from Israel landed on the outskirts of Kfarshouba , the news agency added . The exchange of fire comes amid Israel 's aerial offensive in Gaza against the militant Palestinian group Hamas and the stream of rockets fired into Israel from Gaza . Israel calls up reservists As fears of an Israeli ground assault grew among Gaza residents on Thursday , Israel revealed it has beefed up its forces by calling about 30,000 reservists to their units . "  We are utilizing that force to enable us to create a substantial force around Gaza , that if it is required , we 'll be able to mobilize as soon as possible , " Israel Defense Forces spokesman Peter Lerner told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . The Israeli Cabinet has authorized the military to call up 40,000 troops if needed . That is 10,000 more than were called up during Israel 's offensive into Gaza in November 2012 . Government spokesman Mark Regev said units have been deployed . "  We 're ready to go , if we need to go , " he told Blitzer . Regev said Israel did n't want a situation where Hamas , which controls Gaza , was given a "  timeout " where it could regroup before restarting its attacks . The mood is grim in Gaza , where Israeli airstrikes have killed at least 91 Palestinians , including women and children , and injured more than 620 since they began late Monday , Palestinian officials said . They said 23 people died in strikes Thursday and four more people succumbed to their injuries . Throughout Gaza , people are expecting an Israeli ground incursion . Many people have nowhere to flee and there are no bomb shelters . "  I ca n't leave . I have nowhere to go . Better to stay at home , inside and be safe , " one resident of the town of Bait Hanoun in northern Gaza told CNN . Most residents live in homes without safe rooms and walls made of breeze block , which a bullet could pass through like paper . Rising death toll Each day the death toll has risen in Gaza . The Israel Defense Forces said Thursday it has struck at 785 Hamas targets since announcing the start of its offensive Monday with the aim of hurting Hamas and stopping rocket attacks on Israel . Tensions in the region flared last week after the killings of three Israeli teenagers in the West Bank , followed by the killing in Jerusalem of a Palestinian teenager that police say may have been an act of revenge . Israel blames Hamas for the deaths of the three Israeli youths , although the group has denied responsibility . The IDF has said its targets in Gaza include rocket launchers , tunnels and the homes of senior Hamas leaders , which the IDF describes as "  command centers . " But among the dead are 22 children and 15 women , including an 18-month-old baby and an 80-year-old woman , according to information from the Palestinian Health Ministry . The Palestine Liberation Organization said Israeli bombs have hit civilian infrastructure , including a line that provides water to a refugee camp and a sewage plant . The IDF has not responded to the accusations . It says it uses phone calls and drops empty shells on roofs -- what it calls "  roof knocking " -- to warn civilians that airstrikes are imminent . But the approach does n't guarantee their safety . In one case , members of a family returned to a house in Gaza shortly after having been warned to evacuate it , Lerner , the Israeli military spokesman , said . They were caught in the airstrike . He called their deaths a tragedy , saying , "  This is not what the IDF does . " U.S. willing to help broker cease-fire Hopes for a cease-fire appeared dim even as world leaders called for the two sides to stop the violence . U.S. President Barack Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke by phone . "  The United States remains prepared to facilitate a cessation of hostilities , including a return to the November 2012 cease-fire agreement , " the White House said in a written statement , referring to the Egyptian-brokered deal that halted the previous Israel-Hamas conflict . The President also condemned rocket attacks from Gaza and said the United States reaffirmed Israel 's right to defend itself . U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon told reporters he has been reaching out to regional leaders in an attempt to help get the two sides to stop the violence soon . "  It is imperative not only to restore calm today , but to establish a political horizon for tomorrow , " he said . "  Without the prospect of an end to the conflict , the sides will grow ever more polarized . " ` Prepared for all options ' There have been hints for days from some Israeli officials about the possibility of a ground offensive in Gaza , but there were questions about the government 's appetite for such a conflict . Netanyahu said Wednesday that the aerial offensive would be expanded and continue "  until the firing at our communities stops and quiet is restored . " He did n't specify what the expansion of Operation Protective Edge would entail , saying that Israel 's military "  is prepared for all possibilities . " No Israelis have been killed so far by the hundreds of rockets fired toward southern Israel by Hamas , Islamic Jihad and other militant groups in Gaza . Some Israelis have been wounded by the attacks . A CNN crew in Gaza was setting up a live shot when four rockets streaked overhead in the direction of Israel . Some in the crowd cheered . When told there were air raid sirens going off in Israel , there were more cheers . The Israeli Defense Forces said early Friday that since the start of Operation Protective Edge , 548 rockets have been fired at Israel . The country 's Iron Dome defense system has intercepted 118 of them , the IDF said . Hamas and other militant groups in Gaza are believed to have about 10,000 rockets of varying ranges , according to the Israeli military . Israel has said some 3.5 million residents live in areas within reach of the rockets . Sides speak at U.N. Security Council meeting Israel and the Palestinians laid out their positions at a U.N. Security Council meeting Thursday . Ambassador Riyad Mansour , permanent observer of the State of Palestine to the United Nations , accused Israel of "  terrorizing our people , killing dozens of civilians and injuring hundreds . " Allegations by Israel that Palestinians are using human shields are "  audacious , " he said , and he rejected the argument that Israel is defending itself . Israel "  deliberately carries out reprisals and collective punishment against the Palestinian people in declared retaliation and revenge ... for the killing of the three Israeli settlers , which the Palestinian leadership has clearly condemned , " Mansour said . Israel , for its part , called on the Security Council to condemn Hamas and its launching of rockets across the border . Ron Prosor , Israeli ambassador to the United Nations , played a recording of a siren during the middle of his remarks , to show how Israelis only have 15 seconds , he said , to run for cover . "  Asking Israel to show restraint while our cities are under constant attack is like asking the fire brigade to battle an inferno with nothing more than buckets of water , " he said . Gaza timeline : From Samson and Delilah to Israeli-Palestinian fighting Flare-up in Israeli-Palestinian violence : Why now ? Has the Middle East crisis reached a tipping point ? Was teen 's death a revenge killing ? CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Gaza City . Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong , and Steve Almasy reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Michael Pearson , Yousuf Basil , Brian Walker , Larry Register , Kareem Khadder , Diana Magnay , Tal Heinrich , Amir Tal , Salma Abdelaziz and Talal Abu Rahma contributed to this report .	NEW : Israel responds with artillery to rocket fired from Lebanon At least 91 Palestinians have been killed since Monday , officials say Spokesman for Israeli military says 30,000 reservists have reported for duty Gaza resident says if there is a ground offensive ' I have nowhere to go '
New Delhi  CNN  -- A one-day strike by India 's unions closed businesses and slowed public transit Tuesday as workers protested rising prices and what they say are the government 's anti-labor policies . Several markets were shuttered in West Bangal , a formerly communist-ruled state seen as a hotbed of union activity , residents said . "  Traffic is also very light , " said Sikha Sengupta , a retired executive in Kolkata , West Bengal 's capital . However , state police reported that government offices were functioning as usual . In the southern province of Kerala , the strike hit government-run transport services hard , authorities said . Most marketplaces in the state were also closed , Kerala police spokesman S. Sudhir said . Government offices were open , he added . Nationally , there was little impact on private services and there was no major disruption in rail services across the sprawling nation . Eleven trade unions called the one-day work stoppage , including a group affiliated with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's ruling Congress party . Singh 's government faced massive street protests last year over its handling of corruption as a raft of scandals rocked his administration , now in its second term . Protesters are demanding social security coverage for workers in India 's massive informal labor sector , as well as an end to contract-based jobs . The unions also have warned the government against selling its stakes in state-run companies . "  We demand the government come out with proposals in relation to our demands , " said G. Sanjeeva Reddy , president of the Indian National Trade Union Congress that is linked to Singh 's party . The strike appeared to have little impact in bustling New Delhi . The city 's ubiquitous taxis and auto rickshaws largely stayed off the roads , but other vehicles still packed the streets . While markets in the city remained open , at least one branch of the State Bank of India in New Delhi was hit hard by the strike , with senior executives picking up the slack . Services appeared normal at private banks .	Strikers demand job security , anti-inflation measures Shutdown impacts government sectors Private services remain near normal Singh 's government under pressure over graft , rising prices
CNN  -- "  My friends think just because we live in Hawaii , we live in paradise . We 're all just out here sipping mai tais , shaking our hips and catching waves . Are they insane ? " While an Oscar-nominated picture requires the kind of conflict that George Clooney 's character implies with this line from "  The Descendants , " your vacation getaway does n't . So leave the plot-twisting drama at home while you sink into the stunning scenery of some of this year 's best picture picks , from the lush jungles of Kauai to England 's wild moorlands to the heart of the Mississippi Delta . "  The Descendants " -- Kauai , Hawaii The Garden Isle 's resplendent green cliffs and lush tropical landscapes have served as a backdrop for dozens of movies in addition to this year 's Academy Award nominee . The oldest of all the main Hawaiian Islands , Kauai is known for its secluded beaches , scenic waterfalls and jungle hikes . More than 90 % of the island can not be reached by road , so bring your walking shoes . In Central Kauai , the 4.2-mile-round-trip Kuilau Trail winds through a diversity of flora before opening to a view of Kapehua'ala , the highest peak of the Makaleha Mountains . A moderately difficult hike , this former road also offers a glimpse of Mount Waialeale , the wettest place on Earth . The only way to view the breathtaking waterfalls hidden in the island 's remote valleys is by helicopter tour . Make sure yours includes a view of the "  weeping wall " in the Waialeale Crater . And if you 're looking for killer snorkeling , Tunnels Beach is the place . Wondering where to stay ? Visitors rave about the Hanalei Surfboard House , just across the street from surfers ' paradise , Hanalei Bay . The courtyard features a fountain , tropical flowers and quirky sculptures , along with the inn 's namesake fence , lined with vintage surfboards . Choose between the Elvis and Cowgirl rooms , decorated with thematic Americana , each with a private entrance and patio as well as an outdoor shower . "  War Horse " -- Dartmoor , England Explore the "  abundance of natural beauty " that so captivated director Steven Spielberg during the shooting of "  War Horse " at Dartmoor , in Devon . Dartmoor National Park is the largest and wildest area of open country in southern England . With rolling green fields , grazing sheep , rock outcroppings and blue rivers , the 368-square-mile park offers a guided walk about the movie filming as well as opportunities for cycling , hiking and climbing . Visit the ruins of Okehampton Castle , then picnic at River Okement . Trek to Lydford Gorge with its turquoise lagoons , or take a class with the professional chefs at the nearby Ashburton Cookery School . Stay at the Hotel Endsleigh  where Spielberg himself is rumored to have roomed  and schedule your own equine adventure , riding horseback on the hotel 's 108-acre grounds , or a fishing trip along eight miles of the Tamar , lauded as the best salmon and sea trout river in England . Furnished with antiques , the hotel embraces the spirit of the Regency period while the dining room features local and regional foods prepared according to traditional English recipes . If it was nice enough for Spielberg ... "  Moneyball " -- Oakland , California Have a budding baseball fan in the family ? How about a trip to Oakland to see Stomper the elephant , the official A 's mascot , at a real , live A 's game ? Purchase a Kids Club membership and receive an A 's drawstring bag , water bottle , lanyard and coupon booklet , featuring discounts at places like the Oakland Zoo . Take advantage of that coupon to see the more than 660 native and exotic animals . Other kid-friendly Oakland options include the Chabot Space & Science Center , with a planetarium and interactive exhibits about space and earth sciences , the Museum of Children 's Art , which offers hands-on workshops and "  Drop-In Art " sessions for children to explore using paint , papier-m cents ch  , clay , fabrics , feathers and other materials , and Children 's Fairyland , a 10-acre park on the shores of Lake Merritt where children 's literature comes to life through storybook sets , rides , animals and puppet shows . Continue the family fun at the historic Claremont Hotel , which , in addition to luxuries parents will enjoy , offers on-site craft activities , toys and games . Plan to top off "  game day " night with a sundae at Fentons Creamery , the century-old ice cream parlor and restaurant featured in the movie "  UP ! , " and be sure to wear Oakland A 's colors for a discount . "  The Help " -- Greenwood , Mississippi When "  The Help " filmmakers went looking for stately Southern buildings and "  modern " homes to stand in for 1960s-era Jackson , Mississippi , they discovered Greenwood , a historic Delta town 90 miles away . Though much of the shooting took place on private property , the local visitors ' bureau provides a map , and CivilRightsTravel.com has compiled a list of a dozen sites to see . For some historical context , take advantage of Greenwood 's other "  true Delta " experiences . View the eclectic collection at the Museum of the Mississippi Delta , which includes regional art as well as artifacts related to agriculture , Native American and local military history . Venture out to nearby spots on the Mississippi Blues Trail , including Baptist Town , one of Greenwood 's oldest African-American neighborhoods , said to have been a safe haven for musicians looking to escape work in the cotton fields . Then , journey 10 miles north to Money to glimpse what remains of Bryant 's Grocery and Meat Market , where in 1955 , 14-year-old Emmett Till allegedly whistled at a white woman . After he was beaten and murdered two days later , photographs of his mutilated body spurred the public outrage that sparked the civil rights movement . Following your day of history , take refuge at The Alluvian , the boutique hotel that several "  Help " stars called home during filming . Enjoy the award-winning design , the Mississippi art on the walls and dinner at Giardina 's , the on-site restaurant founded in 1936 . "  Midnight in Paris " -- Historic Paris If you needed inspiration to visit Paris , Woody Allen 's latest flick provides it . Kick off your historic Parisian adventure with a Paris Underbelly Discovery Tour of sites featured in the film that "  capture the lively and quintessential spirit of Paris from the past . " Depending on which tour you choose , you 'll see Monet 's "  Waterlilies , " visit the Rodin sculpture garden , sip cocktails in one of the swank hotels featured in the film , or pop in at one of Ernest Hemingway 's favorite haunts for jazz and spirits . By the 1920s , Paris had become a rich cultural center , a world capital for the artistic and intellectual vanguard . Catch a glimpse of this period at La Coupole , the brasserie that hosted a convergence of writers , artists and musicians including Man Ray , Pablo Picasso , Josephine Baker , Henry Miller and Jean-Paul Sartre . Over dinner , ogle at the Cubist-inspired pillars covered with imitation-marble mosaics and the brightly colored Art Deco dome . For a glamorous finish to your day , splurge on a night at the opulent Le Meurice hotel where "  Midnight " scenes were shot , and surrealist Salvador Dali once stayed .	Visit the filming sites of five of this year 's best picture nominees Subtract the drama of "  The Descendants " and relax on location in Kauai Create a kid-friendly getaway around "  Moneyball " and the Oakland A 's
CNN  -- Is it a bird ? Is it a plane ? No , it 's a Batmobile-like race car which will take to the track at the legendary Le Mans 24 Hour event in June . Nissan 's experimental DeltaWing , which bears a startling resemblance to the vehicle made famous by the "  Caped Crusader , " was unveiled by the Japanese manufacturer in London on Tuesday . The purpose of the car is to promote fuel efficiency , with the DeltaWing 's 1.6 liter engine set to complete motorsport 's legendary endurance challenge using half the gas of its regular counterparts . Despite being granted entry to the marquee French race , the DeltaWing will not be counted in the final Le Mans 24 Hour classification as it is participating as an experimental vehicle . "  This announcement gives Nissan the opportunity to become part of a ground-breaking motorsport project , and one which could shape the future of the sport , " Nissan 's executive vice president Andy Palmer said in a statement . "  As motor racing rulebooks have become tighter over time , racing cars look more and more similar and the technology used has had less and less relevance to road car development . "  Nissan DeltaWing aims to change that , and we are delighted to have become part of the project . " The DeltaWing 's radical design has half the aerodynamic drag of a conventional car and is only half the weight . It can also produce 300 bhp  horsepower  thanks to a turbocharged four-cylinder engine . Rather than being piloted by Bruce Wayne 's vigilante alter ego , the first two drivers of the DeltaWing will be Britain 's Marino Franchitti , the younger brother of IndyCar legend Dario Franchitti , and Michael Krumm of Germany . "  It 's a spectacular piece , " DeltaWing designer Ben Bowlby said . "  We 've got the engine of our dreams : it 's the right weight , has the right power and it 's phenomenally efficient . "	Nissan unveils the radical new DeltaWing car for the Le Mans 24 Hour race The DeltaWing has drawn comparisons with Batman 's iconic Batmobile car The experimental car is powered by a 1.6 liter four-cylinder engine The DeltaWing will be driven by Britain 's Marino Franchitti and German Michael Krumm
CNN  -- It 's a new era for Goodyear 's iconic blimp . You could call it the Age of the Zeppelin . Cue the guitars ! The Ohio-based tire and rubber company started testing its next-generation airship last month at Goodyear 's airfield near Akron . Yes , this is an actual Zeppelin airship , made in partnership with the German company that dates to before the infamous Hindenburg disaster . But do n't panic , this new lighter-than-air vehicle is just as safe as its blimp predecessor . It 's filled with helium , not hydrogen like the humongous airship that burned in New Jersey in 1937 . Goodyear is finally closing the door on the GZ-20 models , which came off the drawing board 45 years ago . In the coming months , Goodyear plans to train more than 10 pilots to fly the Zeppelin NT .  NT stands for new technology . If all goes as planned , we 'll be watching this sleek new silver , yellow and blue airship hovering high above sporting events east of the Rockies this fall . More amenities on the new Zeppelin So what 's different about this one ? It 's faster , because it has three engines instead of two . It 's bigger . It 's more maneuverable . It can carry more passengers . Oh , yeah , and unlike the old model , this one 's got an onboard restroom . Believe me , I can tell you from experience that will be a relief  literally  . Oh , good . Seat belts . The new blimp 's going to have seat belts . The older model did n't , which shook me up a little when we lifted off at a 25-degree angle with the engines screaming . Behind the scenes as Goodyear preps the new blimp When Goodyear Capt. Matt Lussier let me briefly fly one of the older blimps over Atlanta on New Year 's Eve , its engines maxed out about 50 mph . Top speed of these Zeppelins : 73 mph , increasing their range and allowing them to take part in more events . Lussier instructed me on how to turn the blimp left and right with pedals on the floor . The cockpit aboard the Zeppelin includes a joystick that will more easily allow the pilot to turn and to point up or down . Read more about how I ended up piloting the blimp One thing that surprised me about the older blimp was its tiny gondola , which seats from three to seven people , including the pilot -- depending on whether it 's covering a sporting event . The new Goodyear Zeppelin accommodates 12 . It 's got bigger "  wrap-around windows " that Goodyear says offer improved "  sweeping panoramic views . " I have to tell you , the views on the older blimp were still pretty damn awesome . It felt like we were standing atop the world 's tallest treehouse , looking out for a hundred miles in every direction . Massive enough to blot out the sky When you stand underneath a blimp on a landing field , the thing is so massive that it blots out the sky . It 's nearly the length of an American football field . But this new airship is even longer , measuring 246 feet from tip to tail -- 54 feet more than the current blimp . In the older blimps , the two engines are bolted to the gondola . But in the new ones , engines are attached to the "  envelope , " the blimp 's helium-filled "  bag , " as the pilots sometimes call it . The bag on the new blimp is constructed with a semirigid skeleton to make it faster and more nimble . Compare the old and new blimps It 's all part of a phase-out plan of all three Goodyear blimps ; the Spirit of Goodyear retired this year in Florida after a record 14-year career . Eventually , it 's expected to go on display at an undisclosed aviation museum . The Carson , California-based Spirit of America will be decommissioned in 2015 or 2016 , and finally , the Pompano Beach , Florida-based Spirit of Innovation is scheduled to retire in 2018 . A Goodyear pilot shows how he flies the older blimp Goodyear has launched an online contest to allow the public to name the new blimp . Tour offers Zeppelin-view of Paris FYI , airship enthusiasts , Goodyear will continue to call these things "  blimps , " even though technically , they 're not . As any "  helium head " will tell you , a blimp is an airship without an internal skeleton . These new airships have internal skeletons . But Goodyear loves the "  B " word , so the company plans to keep calling them "  blimps . "	For the first time in 45 years , Goodyear begins phasing in a new type of airship Co-built by Germany 's Zeppelin company , it 's faster and bigger and has a restroom Testing began in March , and the entire fleet will be Zeppelins by 2018 Although technically it 's not a blimp , Goodyear says it will still call it a blimp
CNN  -- Some issues , it seems , still transcend America 's increasingly bitter partisan divide . Ex-President George H.W. Bush and Defense Secretary Robert Gates smile during Obama 's speech Friday . President Obama attended a community service forum at Texas A&M University on Friday hosted by one of his Republican predecessors , former President George H.W. Bush . Obama took the opportunity to emphasize that , regardless of partisan politics , the government can only do so much with the challenges facing Americans . "  We face threats to our health , our climate and , of course , our security that have left many of our young people wondering what kind of future they will be leaving for their own kids , " Obama told the audience , which including the former president and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates . "  Anyone here thinks that our government always has the solutions , President Bush and I will be the first to tell you that you 'll be sorely disappointed . " "  The government can build the best school , with the best teachers , but we ca n't run the PTA ... we can pass the most comprehensive health care reform bill , but Congress ca n't be on the ground in our communities caring for the sick and helping people lead healthy lives . " The two leaders met at Bush 's presidential library to celebrate almost two decades of work from the Points of Light Institute , which was founded with Bush 's encouragement in 1990 to "  encourage and empower the spirit of service , " according to the group 's Web site . The Institute takes its name from Bush 's 1989 inaugural address , where he referenced "  a thousand points of light ... all the community organizations that are spread like stars throughout the nation , doing good . " Obama lauded the former president 's lifetime of service -- from his enlistment at 18 to his community work during retirement -- noting that Bush was the first president to create a White House office devoted to promoting volunteer work . The president said Bush 's legacy of service affected the life of his own family . "  It 's a vision that 's changed lives across this country , including that of a young woman who went to work for an organization called Public Allies to prepare young people for public service careers -- an organization initially funded by the Bush administration , " Obama said . "  Her experience there inspired her to devote her own life to serving others , and that young woman happens to be my wife , Michelle Obama . " Obama latched onto the community service theme during last year 's presidential campaign . He signed a measure in April designed to strengthen national community service efforts by boosting federal funding for thousands of volunteers in fields ranging from clean energy to health care and education . The Edward M. Kennedy Serve America Act , renamed to honor the late senator 's sponsorship of the measure , will more than triple the number of positions in the AmeriCorps program , from 75,000 to 250,000 , by 2017 . "  Our government can help to rebuild our economy ... -LSB- but -RSB- we need Americans willing to mentor our eager young children , or care for the sick , or ease the strains of deployment on our military families , " Obama said when signing the bill into law . The law created four national service corps and launched several other initiatives , including , among other things , a "  Summer of Service " program to spur greater community outreach by middle - and high-school students . Older Americans were encouraged to volunteer more through the creation of a "  Silver Scholars " program , under which individuals 55 and older who perform 350 hours of service receive a $ 1,000 award . The law increased the existing AmeriCorps educational stipend offered to volunteers to $ 5,350 -- the same amount as the maximum Pell college grant . Some critics have contended the measure , expected to cost roughly $ 6 billion over the next five years , is fiscally irresponsible in light of the current economic downturn . They also argue that the concept of volunteerism is undermined by providing financial compensation for community service . Points of Light Institute CEO Michelle Nunn , however , praised the legislation for encouraging people to "  volunteer their time and talents to positively impact the nation 's largest problems . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama speaks at forum hosted by ex-President George H.W. Bush . NEW : 44th president praises 41st for "  thousand points of light " ethic NEW : Obama : It "  changed lives across this country , " including Michelle Obama 's Obama : "  You 'll be sorely disappointed " expecting government to solve all problems
February 27 , 2015 This Friday on CNN Student News : A showdown in the U.S. government centers on funding for the Department of Homeland Security , the Federal Communications Commission votes to expand its regulation of the Internet , and we take a look at the symptoms and treatments for Seasonal Affective Disorder . Plus , our coverage of legal topics defines the U.S. juvenile justice system . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . Name one of the two dwarf planets at which a NASA spacecraft is scheduled to arrive this year . 2 . In what African nation , whose capital is Monrovia , did thousands of children recently return to school for the first time in six months ? 3 . What atmospheric phenomenon , measured in micrograms per cubic meter , coated parts of the Korean Peninsula early this week ? 4 . In what country is the city of Mannheim , where every house is now connected to a smart energy network ? 5 . Who is the leader of the U.S. Federal Reserve ? 6 . On what Japanese island would you find Mount Suribachi , where part of a bitter battle took place between U.S. and Japanese forces during World War II ? 7 . Home to about 20 million people and facing a historic drought , what city is the largest in Brazil ? 8 . Name the British theater where a rare copy of William Shakespeare 's collected works is going on display following its discovery in France . 9 . What part of the U.S. government voted 3-2 on Thursday to expand its control over the Internet ? 10 . What is the acronym for a type of depression that typically affects people in the winter months but usually goes away in the spring and summer ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
CNN  -- Jebb Graff is n't turned off -- yet -- by Carnival Cruise Lines ' recent troubles . Graff took a seven-day cruise last fall on the Carnival Fantasy to Grand Turk , Half Moon Cay and Nassau , Bahamas and had a wonderful time . "  It was a fantastic trip , " wrote Graff , a photographer in Fuquay-Varina , North Carolina , in an email . "  A few veteran cruisers grumbled about the age of the ship , and the decor being dated , but the service and experience was really great , " he said . Graff said he would definitely take another Carnival cruise . But he has some conditions . "  There 's no question that Carnival should be seriously looking into their maintenance policies and double-checking their work to make sure their customers and crews are having the safest voyages possible , " wrote Graff . "  If these issues continue to go on unchecked , then I 'll change my answer . " Carnival cruise line in more troubled waters Carnival has a window of opportunity to convince customers its ships can sail without too much trouble , according to several travel agents and cruisers interviewed by CNN.com . But the company has to prove it is tackling the recent spate of mechanical issues faced by four Carnival ships , the most serious of which left more than 4,000 people stranded for days aboard the Carnival Triumph last month . ' A grace period ' to fix things Carnival has a grace period of a couple months to get its act together , according to travel agent Ricci Zukerman . Her mostly high-end clients occasionally book a more budget-oriented Carnival cruise for a family reunion or when they 're bringing teenagers along because "  they 're the fun ships , " she said . "  Carnival has been in business for many years , and for a long time there 's never been a hitch , " said Zukerman , president of Worldview Travel . But they need to attend to their maintenance issues . "  If it happens again , I think people will start worrying . There are other ships in the ocean , " although none quite so affordable , she said . Carnival Cruise Lines announced a "  comprehensive review " this week of all its ships , prompted by the engine fire that led to the Triumph 's stranding in the Gulf of Mexico in February . As the biggest cruise company in the world , parent company Carnival Corp. has a strong reputation in the industry and among its regular customers , said Kimberly Wilson Wetty , co-president of Valerie Wilson Travel . In addition to Carnival Cruise Lines , the corporation 's portfolio includes brands such as Holland America Line , Princess Cruises , Seabourn , Cunard and Costa Cruises . The Costa Concordia had a deadly accident off the coast of Italy last year . Five things we 've learned about cruising Overall advance bookings are down Total advance bookings across all of Carnival Corp. 's brands for 2013 are behind 2012 levels , Carnival said in a news release Friday announcing first quarter financial results . But despite the overall lag , booking volume since January for the rest of the year has been "  running significantly higher than last year at slightly higher prices , " the company said . "  Despite considerable attention surrounding the Carnival Triumph , we had been encouraged to see booking volumes for Carnival Cruise Lines recover significantly in recent weeks , " said Micky Arison , chief executive officer of Carnival Corp. . "  All ships experience some challenges , " said Wetty , who traditionally books her customers on high-end cruises . "  It 's all the recovery and how they treat the passengers and how they continue to build consumer confidence . "  For those who are consistent cruisers and know Carnival , I do n't think it 's going to change their buying habits . For new cruisers , it puts a little doubt in their minds . " Not every frequent Carnival cruiser is feeling so confident . "  I have cruised with Carnival on many occasions with my family . They were my -LSB- favorite -RSB- cruise line . That being said , I will stay on land from here on out , " wrote one CNN.com commenter . "  Until they have a really really long period of time with no problems I will not consider cruising with them again . This is just way too much . The Concordia going down was bad enough , but all of these are just plain nonsense . It WILL hurt the cruise line . " Customers need to be reassured Carnival is doing everything it can to address its ships ' issues , Wetty said . How Carnival can clean up the PR mess Customers of canceled cruises complain Current customers , some of whom have been posting on CNN.com , are having trouble reaching the company in some cases . "  What about those of us that got our cruise canceled ? " wrote one commenter , who said she was scheduled to sail on the Carnival Dream . "  I have n't heard anything from Carnival , and I do n't know how long it will take to get a refund . Now we are stuck not knowing what to do for a vacation we saved 8 years to take ! " Still , Connie Hammond is one of those Carnival fans who is n't giving up on the cruise line . "  All three of my prior Carnival cruises were wonderful , food was outstanding , ports were well organized and safe , shipboard activities were plentiful , all for a small budget price , " Hammond , a resident of Fort Madison , Iowa , wrote in an e-mail . "  I 'm sure I could have paid $ 1,000 more per person and been impressed much more , but the Carnival cruise was a great vacation and a memorable fun time . " Hammond said she expects the recent incidents will be a wake-up call for Carnival 's maintenance program , but she 's not concerned about safety . She 's already booked her next Carnival cruise , taking her 79-year-old mother and a girlfriend who has never been on a cruise . After a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ?	Some previous Carnival passengers say they would cruise with the company again Travel agents and passengers say Carnival Cruise Lines needs to examine maintenance issues Overall bookings across parent company Carnival Corp. are behind 2012 bookings
CNN  -- Fighting raged in a major Syrian city Tuesday , with at least two people killed and several others wounded , an activist group said . Clashes erupted between protesters and security forces in Homs , according to the Local Coordination Committee in Syria , a network of activists that promotes and documents demonstrations across the country . They occurred in al-Khalidiya neighborhood , and video said to be from the Homs unrest shows protesters running and throwing rocks and contains sounds of heavy gunfire . CNN can not independently confirm the information . Demonstrations critical of the government began in the southern city of Daraa and were swiftly suppressed by security forces . Anti-government fervor caught on nationwide as more protests were met with tougher crackdowns . After three months of protests , more than 1,100 have died and thousands more have been jailed , according to human rights activists . Ammar Qurabi , chairman of the National Organization for Human Rights in Syria , said Tuesday that dozens of protesters were arrested the day before during peaceful anti-government demonstrations in the city of Aleppo . Meanwhile , state TV showed images Tuesday of thousands joining pro-regime rallies in Daraa , Aleppo and Homs . Referring to President Bashar al-Assad , some in the crowds chanted , "  With our blood , with our souls , we will sacrifice for you , Bashar " and "  God , Syria and Bashar only . " The world 's attention has been focused on the plight of Syrians displaced from their homes by violence . At least 10,718 Syrian refugees , many of whom fled a military advance in and around the city of Jisr al-Shugur , have crossed the border into Turkey . The U.N. refugee agency Tuesday said it participated in a government-sponsored mission to Jisr al-Shugur the day before , a trip that included diplomats , reporters and U.N. agencies . The group "  approached Jisr al-Shugur from Idlib to the east " and "  villages were increasingly empty from around 40 kilometers away from Jisr al-Shugur . " "  There was no evidence of people working in the fields . Jisr al-Shugur itself was almost deserted , with most shops shuttered and closed . " The agency said the fact that Jisr al-Shugur and nearby villages were "  empty indicates significant displacement . " The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said 500 to 1,000 people have been crossing from Syria into Turkey daily since June 7 . It also praised Turkey and the Turkish Red Crescent whose efforts "  to provide protection and shelter and cater for the needs of Syrian refugees were commendable . " The agency said many people are "  severely traumatized " by the ordeal and those most vulnerable need help , particularly women with children . "  Syrian refugees spoke to our team about their fears and trauma . Many had lost family members , who they said were either killed , missing or in hiding . Our team heard accounts of murders , targeted assassinations , assaults , civilians getting killed in crossfire , torture and humiliation by the military , " the agency said . "  Most of these people had lost virtually all their belongings and property . In many cases their livestock were shot , fields were torched , and homes and businesses destroyed or confiscated . " Robert Ford , the U.S. ambassador to Syria , traveled north with ambassadors and members of the media , all of whom appeared to be local , an American diplomat said . Two sites said to be mass graves were shown to the group . It was not possible to tell how many bodies were present , but the stench was strong . Ford mentioned the predicament of refugees and a Syrian officer told him they could "  return at any time without fear of retribution . " He visited Jisr al-Shugur , largely empty with evidence of fighting . The International Committee of the Red Cross said it has been asking for "  unrestricted access to areas and people affected by the unrest . " ICRC President Jakob Kellenberger ended talks with Syrian Prime Minister Adel Safar and Foreign Minister Walid Muallem in Damascus on the issue , ICRC said Tuesday . "  The Syrian officials were receptive , and agreed to give the ICRC and the Syrian Arab Red Crescent wider access to areas of unrest . I will closely monitor how this understanding is put into practice , " Kellenberger said . He also asked that ICRC delegates be permitted to visit detainees . "  The Syrian government has expressed its readiness to discuss terms and conditions relating to ICRC visits , " Kellenberger said . "  This is a first step forward . " This move comes as the Syrian president offered another general amnesty Tuesday for those accused of crimes , Syrian state TV reported . It 's the second known amnesty overture from the embattled Syrian leader since protests erupted in March , and it concerns any alleged unlawful acts that occurred before Monday . Al-Assad issued a similar amnesty on May 31 that included the arrests of people belonging to various political groups . But that offer and mentions of reform in a rare public speech Monday have done little to quell widespread anger toward al-Assad 's regime . On Monday , al-Assad offered vague promises of reform and called for refugees to go back home . Al-Assad said he was "  working on getting the military back to their barracks as soon as possible " but also warned the government would "  work on tracking down everyone who shed blood or plotted in shedding the blood of the Syrian people , and we will hold them accountable . " In his third speech to the country in three months , he raised the possibility of amending the Syrian Constitution and referred to the need for a "  national dialogue , " but he made clear his government would not engage in one-on-one talks with the opposition . Al-Assad blamed armed gangs and conspiracies for the violence that has gripped Syria , saying the unrest has tarnished the country 's image and weakened its security . "  There are those who are killing in the name of religion and want to spread chaos under the pretext of religion , " he said , referring to conspiracies as "  germs " that can not be "  exterminated . " The speech was met with demonstrations in a number of Syrian towns and cities , opponents of the government said . . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Jenifer Fenton and Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	NEW : Fighting erupts in the Syrian city of Homs U.S. ambassador was among those visiting northern Syria A human rights official says dozens of peaceful protesters are arrested in Aleppo More than 10,000 Syrian refugees reportedly have crossed the border into Turkey
CNN  -- On an historic autumn day in 2012 , online warriors from both sides of the epic Apple-Samsung feud agreed to set aside their powerful smartphones and resolve their tensions , which had grown intolerable . What follows is the HTML version of their agreement , the Cupertino-Seoul Apple-Samsung Fanboy Treaty . Conciliatory Treaty WHEREAS , the respective Parties , the Apple Fanboys  also known as "  Apple Fanbois , " "  Fanb0yz , " "  iPhoners " or simply "  The Mac Faithful , " among many other names  and the Samsung Fanboys  also known as "  Apple H4terz , " "  Galaxians " or "  Androiders "  seek a lasting peace , both online and off , and ... WHEREAS , online forums , queues for new products and technology blogs have become polluted with smack talk , useless feature comparisons and Photoshopped ads meant to deride and belittle each other 's device preference , and ... WHEREAS both sets of Parties recognize that a competitive market is both critical and necessary for continued technological innovation to benefit all , especially early adopters ... NOW , THEREFORE , the Parties agree to abide by the agreements herein , enumerated in the terms of the articles set forth below : ARTICLE 1 Apple Fanboys agree not to keep bringing up the August 2012 $ 1 billion patent verdict against Samsung as a way of trying to squelch any disagreement over who may have copied what , recognizing that the case covered a limited scope of features . Samsung Fanboys will similarly cease efforts to end all arguments by discussing "  Open " versus "  Closed " platforms , accepting that there are numerous advantages and disadvantages to each . ARTICLE 2 Apple Fanboys wo n't list how many apps are available for iOS  more than 700,000 , since the treaty brought it up  on every message board about app development while Samsung Fanboys will minimize cross-Party discussion of expandable SD-card memory , replaceable batteries , screen size , NFC technology or how Android 's notifications are still way better than Apple 's , even after Notification Center was added to iOS and Mac OS X. ARTICLE 3 Both Parties will agree that Widgets , often touted as a selling point by Samsung Fanboys , are actually kinda dumb , but then so is Apple 's "  Podcast " app , which is just absolutely the worst . Apple Fanboys acknowledge that Animated Wallpaper would be a nice feature to have while Samsung Fanboys admit that late at night , they sometimes wake up screaming from nightmares about product upgrade fragmentation across the Android platform . ARTICLE 4 Apple Fanboys vow to stop taking the words of Steve Jobs  RIP  about going thermonuclear on Google over Android as personal marching orders . Samsung Fanboys agree to share some of the 50 Gigabytes of Dropbox storage that came with their Galaxy S3 phone and to let Apple Fanboys play around with the Swype keyboard feature whenever it is requested . ARTICLE 5 Both Parties agree to a complete and immediate ban on mocking in the following manner : Apple Fanboys will no longer pick up a Samsung Note device and hold it up to their ear , shouting , "  HELLO !? I THINK THIS PHONE IS TOO BIG FOR MY FACE ! " Samsung Fanboys likewise agree to stop posting images online of people holding up iPads to take photos , superimposed with the word "  FAIL " on the image . ARTICLE 6 Samsung Fanboys agree to immediately boycott and disown television commercials making fun of Apple customers standing in line . Apple Fanboys , in exchange , promise to stop treating iPhone and iPad launch days like a national holiday or , Steve Jobs forbid , like the Woodstock of their generation . ARTICLE 7 The oath to be taken by both Apple and Samsung Fanboys upon ratification of this peace treaty shall be in the following form : "  I ... . do solemnly swear allegiance to all sleek , cutting-edge , full-featured mobile devices , be they made by Apple or by manufacturers of Android-based products . Should I feel the need to criticize , boast by comparison or complain about a product that rivals the one I own and use , such Internet-based venom will be directed at a third-party target -LSB- namely Windows mobile or , ha ha , BlackBerry users . LAME . -RSB- . " IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the respective Parties sign this Treaty by digital signature or QR Code , then Tweet a link for all to see . BY AGREEMENT OF BOTH PARTIES , war between Apple and Samsung Fanboys is declared to have terminated October , 2012 .	Writer proposes a peace treaty for "  fanboys " of Apple , Samsung products Under the modest proposal , Apple lovers would cease citing $ 1 billion lawsuit win Samsung loyalists , in turn , would stop mocking Apple devotees ' habit of lining up for everything Both parties reserve the right to mock Windows , BlackBerry
CNN  -- A week of Nobel Prize announcements begins Monday in Sweden with the prize for physiology or medicine . Monday 's ceremony at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm will be followed by the announcement of the physics prize on Tuesday , the chemistry prize Wednesday and the economics prize October 13 . The prize for literature will be awarded on a date to be announced later . The Nobel Peace Prize will be awarded on Friday . Each prize comes with 8 million Swedish kronor  $ 1.2 million  . Two Americans and a German shared the Nobel Prize in medicine last year . James E. Rothman and Randy W. Schekman , and German Thomas C. Sudhof were awarded the prize for discoveries of how the body 's cells decide when and where to deliver the molecules they produce . Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel created the prizes in 1895 to honor work in physics , chemistry , literature and peace . The first economics prize was awarded in 1969 .	The week begins with the prize for physiology or medicine Last year , the prize was awarded to two Americans , one German The Nobel Peace Prize will be awarded on Friday
