In "  Stand Your Ground " Florida , Michael Dunn said he felt threatened by a car full of teens playing loud music and pumped about 10 rounds from his 9 mm pistol into their SUV , killing 17-year-old Jordan Davis . There were , of course , no return shots , because the teens were unarmed . Dunn is white , and all the teens in the car were black . He did n't bother to call the police afterward . Dunn , 47 , is on trial , charged with murder . He took the stand Monday , detailing how he was pulled up at a gas station when he asked the teens to turn down the music -- "  rap crap " he called it . Through the teenagers ' tinted windows he saw menace , someone reaching for something . "  You 're not going to kill me , you son of a b *** h , " Dunn recalled saying as he reached for his loaded gun in his glove box . And he only "  stopped firing when it appeared the threat was over . " Under Florida 's "  Stand Your Ground " law , which could be used in this case , you are granted immunity from criminal and civil charges -- even if you did n't first try to retreat -- if you can show you had a reasonable fear of imminent bodily harm or death . And reasonable is up to interpretation . A 2012 study by The Urban Institute found that in the "  Stand Your Ground " states , when white shooters kill black people , "  34 % of the resulting homicides are deemed justifiable . Only 3 % of deaths are ruled justifiable when the shooter is black and the victim is white . " And Dunn feels justified . "  I am NOT a murderer , " Dunn has said . Instead , he has taken on the mantle of victimhood and claimed , "  I am a survivor . " Dunn saw black and Dunn saw "  threat . " And he still does . He wrote , while awaiting trial , "  This jail is full of blacks , and they all act like thugs . ... This may sound a bit radical , but if more people would arm themselves and kill these **** idiots when they 're threatening you , eventually they may take the hint and change their behavior . " But it 's not just the vigilantes . In January , Philadelphia police determined that a group of African American teens wearing hats and scarves in 13 degree weather looked "  suspicious . " The resulting stop and frisk led to the crushed testicles of a straight-A student who was simply on his way to a high school basketball game . He is now in a wheelchair . Recently , researchers at Stanford University conducted studies where police and others , cued with an image of a black person , quickly deciphered very blurred images often associated with crime , such as a gun . White people see an African American , and they 're immediately looking for something illegal . They almost instantly see a threat . Trayvon Martin , Renisha McBride , Jonathan Ferrell and the scores of other unarmed African Americans gunned down because the killers felt threatened make that clear . Still , there 's another story . The toll that the assumption of white innocence has on public safety is rarely examined . For example , years ago in Wisconsin , one of Jeffrey Dahmer 's young victims ran naked , bleeding and screaming into the arms of Milwaukee 's finest . But the serial killer 's blond hair worked like pixie dust : The officers ignored the pleas of several African American women , who begged the police to protect the child and get him to safety . Instead , the cops took Dahmer 's word that this frail 14-year-old Asian American boy was really a consenting adult and handed the child back over to the cannibal . For most Americans , danger does n't look like Jeffrey Dahmer . The second part of the same study at Stanford affirmed it . Researchers found when they flashed pictures of whites to police and others , subsequent fuzzy images linked to crime remained a blur for a lot longer . In the Rorschach psyche of America , the words "  white " and "  crime " are not synonymous . This means that authorities are slow to recognize the threat even of serial killers and certainly by gun-toting shooters in neighborhoods , malls , schools , and airports -- if they 're white . The ability of white skin to mask a threat was evident in Atlanta last year . In October , a white man pulled up to an elementary school and breezed through an elaborate security system while packing multiple guns , including an AK-47 , and nearly 500 rounds of ammunition . Eight hundred children scrambled out of the building and a SWAT team set up outside . Then , Michael Brandon Hill pointed his gun out the school window and started shooting . As dramatic as the shootings may be , the assumption of white innocence has a more widespread , corrosive effect on the criminal justice system and society . The New York Police Department has documented evidence that the relatively small number of whites who were stopped and frisked accounted for nearly twice as many illegal firearms and one-third more contraband than blacks or Latinos . Still , Deputy Inspector Christopher McCormick instructed his officers to target African Americans . "  I do n't have any trouble telling you this , " he said , "  male blacks 14 to 20 , 21 . " In other words , where the presumption of white innocence is concerned , facts carry much less weight than perception . Similarly , whites and Hispanics are two-thirds of all crack users in the United States ; yet , the U.S. Sentencing Commission found that 79 % of sentenced crack offenders in 2009 were black . As journalist Saki Knafo noted , "  When it comes to illegal drug use , white America does the crime , black America gets the time . " Law professor Jonathan Simon wrote about the ways that the American obsession with crime has created "  a culture of fear . " Yet , any sense of real safety and security will continue to elude this nation as long black is the default threat setting in America .	Michael Dunn says he was justified in killing black teen because he felt threatened Carol Anderson : Dunn thinks he 's a victim even though teens had no weapons She names Trayvon Martin , Renisha McBride , Jonathan Ferrell -- all gunned down She says "  white " is seen as innocent , "  black " carries presumption of being a thug
CNN  -- The city of Hebron on the West Bank has been a flashpoint of tension between Israelis and Palestinians for decades . But you 'd never know it from a video posted on YouTube , showing armed Israeli soldiers walking into a Palestinian club there this week during a wedding party . They did n't go in shooting . And the young Palestinian men inside did n't throw a single stone or fist . The soldiers had heard the dance music streaming out into the streets and went inside to boogie with the crowd , CNN affiliate Channel 2 reported . The Palestinian revelers gave them a rousing welcome , heaving the soldiers up onto their shoulders , still in their flak jackets and helmets . They raved together to the happy , pulsating rhythms of electronica , one soldier atop a Palestinian 's shoulders , bouncing his assault rifle to the beat . The soldiers walked out with smiles on their faces . But their bosses at the Israel Defense Forces were n't laughing . "  The IDF views this as a serious incident . The soldiers exposed themselves to unnecessary danger and were disciplined accordingly , " it said in a statement . The soldiers were from the elite Givati Brigade , Channel 2 reported , tasked with fighting terrorism . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report	Israeli soldiers walk into a club in flak jackets and helmets , carrying guns They did n't shoot ; they danced with other guys in the club Young Palestinian men heaved the soldiers onto their shoulders Everyone was smiling -- except for the soldiers ' commanders
CNN  -- A 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck Saturday near the southern Philippine island of Mindanao , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries , the state-run Philippines News Agency  PNA  reported . The temblor hit at 12:37 p.m. local time , 149 kilometers  93 miles  south of Davao , the USGS said . It struck at a depth of about 98 kilometers . No tsunami warning or watch has been issued . In August : Strong offshore quake in the Philippines Rescuers struggle to aid Philippines storm victims CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	No tsunami warning or watch has been issued The earthquake occurred in the ocean , south of the city of Davao
CNN  -- Former England and Mexico coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has been appointed as coach of the Ivory Coast national team for the World Cup finals in South Africa . Eriksson led England to the quarterfinals of both the 2002 and 2006 World Cup finals but had a less successful spell with Mexico , and was sacked from that post in April last year . The Swede was recently director of football at lower league English side Notts County , but left that position when the club ran into financial difficulties . The appointment of Eriksson was announced live on national television on Sunday evening by Souleymane Alex Bamba , a member of Ivory Coast 's Football Federation . The news came exactly a month after previous coach Vahid Halilhodzic was dismissed -- also on live television . A statement released by the Ivory Coast Football Federation  FIF  later read : "  Aware of the great expectations of our population who have taken a keen interest in the matter , the executive committee focused its choice on Mr Sven-Goran Eriksson . "  The Swede has been , among others , coach of England and Mexico . He is an experienced technician who has been proven . "  His mission is to lead our team during this World Cup , and to ensure that there is an honorable participation in a competition reserved for the top 32 football nations in the world , and it obviously will be difficult . The FIF only confirmed Eriksson 's appointment for the World Cup and it is still unclear whether they will be seeking a more permanent coach after the tournament in South Africa has ended . Ivory Coast have been handed a difficult draw in South Africa and face both Brazil and Portugal in the group stage of the competition .	Sven-Goran Eriksson is appointed coach of the Ivory Coast national team Swede Eriksson will lead the nation at the World Cup finals in South Africa Eriksson led England to successive World Cup quarterfinals in 2002 and 2006
CNN  -- Luis Suarez is "  now a Barcelona player in all respects , " according to the Spanish club . Liverpool and the Spanish side announced last week they had agreed terms for the sale of the Uruguay international , with a transfer fee reported to be in the region of # 75 million  $ 128.5 million . Suarez , who was due to sign a five-year contract with the Catalan giants , traveled to Barcelona Tuesday to complete the transfer . Although no official announcement has been made , Barca sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta revealed in a news conference Wednesday that a deal has now been finalized . Following the four-month ban from football-related activity imposed by FIFA on Suarez for biting Italy 's Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup , Zubizarreta conceded he had to be careful what he said about the striker . When the transfer has been officially announced , Barcelona will be unable to unveil Suarez due to his ban . The Spanish club have presented previous big-money signings , such as Cesc Fabregas and Neymar , to their supporters at the Camp Nou stadium . Despite appealing , Suarez saw FIFA uphold his suspension last week , and he will now take his case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  in Switzerland in hope that the sanction will be overturned . Suarez joined Liverpool in January 2011 from Dutch club Ajax for # 22.8 million  $ 39 million  , scoring 82 goals in 133 appearances . He played a pivotal role in the Reds ' title challenge last year , netting 31 times in 37 appearances . Liverpool came up just short in the race for the English Premier League title , finishing second to Manchester City , but ensured Champions League football for the first time in four seasons . Costa signs One long-standing transfer that has definitely been concluded is that of Diego Costa 's move to Chelsea . Costa has long been linked with a move from Atletico Madrid , and the London side announced Tuesday that a deal has been completed . It is reported that Chelsea met the striker 's buy-out clause , believed to be worth # 32 million  $ 54.8 million  . The 25-year-old , who helped Atletico to the Spanish La Liga title and the European Champions League final last season , has signed a five-year contract . Costa , who was born in Brazil but was part of Spain 's squad at the 2014 World Cup , expressed his delight at joining Chelsea , while he revealed he is looking forward to working under manager Jose Mourinho . "  I am very happy to sign for Chelsea . Everybody knows it is a big club in a very competitive league , and I am very excited to get started in England with a fantastic coach and teammates , " he told Chelsea 's official website . "  Having played against Chelsea last season -LSB- in the European Champions League -RSB- I know the high quality of the squad I am joining . "  I would like to thank everybody at Atletico who made me into the player I am , it was an incredible time for me , but now I am starting a new adventure and I hope to win many trophies with Chelsea . " Costa will be joined at his new club by a familiar face in former Atletico teammate Filipe Luis . Chelsea confirmed Wednesday that an agreement has been reached to sign the left-back , who also played a key part in securing Atletico 's first Spanish championship in 18 years . Luis is reported to be joining for a fee of # 20 million  $ 34.25 million  , with the move subject to the 28-year-old agreeing personal terms with the English side . Elsewhere , Liverpool confirmed the signing of Lazar Markovic from Benfica Tuesday . The 20-year-old winger is the English club 's fourth signing of the summer -- after Rickie Lambert , Adam Lallana and Emre Can -- and he can not wait to get started . "  I am very happy that I have joined such a great club , " he told Liverpool 's official website . "  I hope that I will fulfill the expectations of the supporters , coaches , players and all connected to the club . "  I have seen what the players are like , I have seen what the supporters are like , and I can not wait to start playing here . "	Luis Suarez has completed his move to Barcelona , according to the Spanish club Barcelona sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta confirmed the news Wednesday Diego Costa has joined Chelsea from Atletico Madrid Costa will be joined by former Atletico teammate Filipe Luis .
Rome  CNN  -- Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has lashed out at a ruling by the country 's high court that upheld a prison sentence for him in a tax fraud case . In a nine-minute video on Thursday , an indignant and defiant Berlusconi vented his anger over the court 's decision . "  In exchange for the commitments I have made over almost 20 years in favor of my country and coming almost at the end of my public life , I receive as a reward accusations and a verdict that is founded on absolutely nothing , that takes away my personal freedoms and my political rights , " he said . "  That is how Italy recognizes the sacrifices and commitments of its best citizens ? " Berlusconi wondered out loud . "  Is this the Italy that we love ? Is this the Italy that we want ? Absolutely not . The high court had said earlier Thursday that it supported a lower court 's four-year prison sentence for Berlusconi . Three years of that sentence are covered in an amnesty aimed at cutting down on prison overcrowding , effectively reducing Berlusconi 's sentence to one year . The high court also ordered a lower court to reconsider whether Berlusconi , 76 , should be banned from public office -- a controversial issue that could play a key role in the country 's political future . A lower court convicted Berlusconi of tax evasion last October , sentencing him to four years in prison and barring him from public office for five years . In May , an Italian appeals court in Milan upheld that decision . The former prime minister ca n't appeal the high court 's decision in the case . But it 's unlikely he 'll spend time behind bars , because of his age and the shortness of the sentence . Berlusconi is a member of Italy 's Senate and therefore enjoys immunity from any type of arrest . The Senate would have to vote to have his immunity lifted in order to serve any sentence . Berlusconi , who served on and off as prime minister between 1994 and 2011 , is one of the most colorful and controversial figures in the lively history of Italian politics . A look at the life of Silvio Berlusconi For years , he has been entangled in fraud , corruption and sex scandals that have often reached Italian courts . In June , a panel of judges sentenced Berlusconi to seven years in prison for abusing power and having sex with an underage prostitute . Berlusconi 's attorney told reporters he plans to appeal that conviction . Undaunted by the court battles , Berlusconi has not only launched appeals , but in December made two significant announcements : his engagement to 27-year-old Francesca Pascale , and then , his political comeback . In Italy 's February elections , the three-time prime minister appealed to Italian voters by denouncing the unpopular austerity policies of technocrat Mario Monti . For all his critics , Berlusconi won almost 30 % of the vote in February and remains an influential figure in Prime Minister Enrico Letta 's fragile coalition government . CNN 's Becky Anderson , Peter Wilkinson and Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	NEW : Berlusconi lambasts a court ruling against him , saying it 's baseless His tax evasion conviction is upheld , but the impact on his political career is unclear He is unlikely to serve time behind bars because of his age The high court says a lower court should reconsider barring him from public office
CNN  Sarah Brady , who with her husband , James Brady , pushed for stricter gun control laws , including the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act , died Friday , her family said . Brady , 73 , died of pneumonia , the family said . "  Sarah courageously stepped up after Jim was shot to prevent others from enduring what our family has gone through , and her work has saved countless lives , " their statement said . James Brady , President Ronald Reagan 's press secretary , was shot in the head by John Hinckley Jr. during his attempt to assassinate Reagan in 1981 . Brady spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair , advocating against gun violence . He died in August . Sarah Brady was also involved in gun violence prevention for the past 30 years . She was the chairwoman of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence and the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence from 2000 until she died . The National Rifle Association said its thoughts and prayers were with the Brady family . "  Although we disagreed on public policy , Sarah Brady was an honorable American who we always respected , " the gun rights organization said . People we 've lost in 2015 On the Brady Campaign 's website , she said she got involved in gun control after her young son picked up what she thought was a toy gun on the seat of a friend 's pickup . Her son started to wave it around and she took it from him . It was not a toy , she said , and she fumed over what she imagined could have happened . The loaded gun was much like the one used to shoot her husband . "  It just hit me like a ton of bricks , " she told CNN in 2013 . "  So I asked Jim if he felt comfortable with me speaking out , and he said , ` Of course . ' " After that , the Bradys made it their business to be gun control activists . Despite budgets that were just a fraction of the gun lobby 's , the Bradys and their colleagues helped pass federal and state laws , including Maryland 's 1988 ban on cheap handguns known as Saturday night specials , 1993 's Brady law requiring background checks on certain kinds of gun purchases and a ban on manufacturing and future sales of some military-style firearms , which lasted from 1994 to 2004 . Read Sarah Brady 's 2014 op-ed for CNN.com Former President Bill Clinton , who signed the Brady bill in 1993 , and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in a joint statement Saturday that the Bradys "  were fierce champions of sensible gun legislation . " Sarah Brady "  transformed tragedy into a courageous campaign , and because of her work and her remarkable life , American families are safer today , " the Clintons said . Brady Campaign and Center President Dan Gross said in a written statement that few people are responsible for saving as many lives as Sarah and James Brady . "  Our nation has lost a great hero , and I have lost a dear friend , " he said . "  I am certain that she would want nothing more than to know we are carrying on her and Jim 's legacy with the same fiery compassion and dedication that made her so remarkable . " Sen Charles Schumer , a New York Democrat who helped write the Brady bill , concurred . "  She was strong and forceful , sweet and kind , and someone I considered a friend and patriot for decades , " he said . "  She was a true hero and will be missed by America . " James Brady was one of four people wounded in Reagan 's shooting outside a Washington hotel . Suffering a head wound , it was erroneously reported at one point that Brady had died . He was , however , left partially paralyzed . Reagan , severely wounded as well , also survived the attack and served two terms as President . Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the shooting and has spent the ensuing years in a psychiatric hospital . The Brady bill was fiercely fought over for seven years before Congress approved it and President Bill Clinton signed it into law in 1993 . CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Thom Patterson contributed to this story .	NRA says although it disagreed with Sarah Brady , she was an honorable and respected woman Sarah Brady became involved in campaigns against gun violence after her son to picked up a loaded gun Her husband died in August , having spent the last part of his life in a wheelchair from being shot
CNN  -- Confidence -- on the court and off it , Venus Williams is finding her mojo again . A year ago the tennis star was diagnosed with a debilitating auto-immune disease during the U.S. Open , but next week she will step back on the courts of her home grand slam tournament boosted by her recent results and the relaunch of her fashion label . Williams defended her women 's doubles gold medal at the recent Olympic Games alongside younger sister Serena , who has roared back from her own health problems to win both the Wimbledon and London 2012 singles titles . "  The Olympics really built my confidence , " the 32-year-old Venus told CNN . "  I was n't able to play a lot of matches beforehand -- just three matches in about two months , which is not a lot . "  So going to the Olympics I did n't have a lot of matches , but I made the best of it and I played I think some of my best tennis of the year . " Clijsters ready for U.S. Open farewell The former world No. 1 's passion , fashion , is also on the upswing following the recent relaunch of her label EleVen at an event in New York -- which also hosts the U.S. Open . "  EleVen is about being better than a 10 , " said the current world No. 47 . "  So it 's about being a personal best , it 's about not accepting any limits , that anyone puts on you or that you can even put on yourself , because sometimes we do . "  It 's about expressing yourself for who you are . So EleVen means a lot of things but it just means bringing out the best in you . "  I feel that when I wear EleVen , I feel my best . So I want people to feel their best when they wear EleVen , confident and good about themselves . " Throughout her career , the seven-time grand slam champion has been as well known for her striking outfits as she has her powerful tennis strokes . Some of them pushed the boundaries of sporting design , and Williams said she is reining in her more experimental urges . "  Some of my favorite things were the goddess dress that I wore at Wimbledon , I think it was 2007 , " she said . "  And one of the craziest ones was the can-can dress . "  That was my idea of having lace on skin . For me it was fun , and it was experimental because at that time it was just me wearing it . But at that time I was like , ` What can I do that can be worn on the court ? Can you wear lace ? Yes . Can you wear fringe ? ' "  Because I did this fun dress after Tina Turner , and it was so fun , but at this point the experiments are over and it 's about bringing classic designs . " Tennis legends tip Murray for grand slam glory at U.S. Open Williams ' obsession with design is such that she took time away from playing tennis to gain a fashion degree . "  To get my degree was important to me , mostly because of how I grew up -- my parents always chose education -- so for me it felt like an achievement to be able to do that , " she said . "  But also I love fashion , and I knew it was something that I wanted to do , and I wanted to bring credibility to it , and I have to say the education helps a ton , so it 's served me very well . " Williams said she is excited about all the elements of her life coming together again . "  I 'm very excited about my game , I 'm excited about tennis , I 'm excited about wearing all the new EleVen clothes , " she said . "  There are so many wonderful things coming up so I think between great tennis and great fashions on the court , it 's going to be an amazing U.S. Open for me . " Williams is , however , still coming to terms with her battle against Sjogren 's Syndrome -- which can cause extreme fatigue among its symptoms . "  I 've come a long way , and I 've gone through a lot of ups and downs for sure , " she said . "  When you have an auto-immune disease , you ca n't expect everything to be the way it was before . You have to take the set of circumstances you have , and work with those . "  I 'm working on it every day , but I know that I can live this dream and I think it gives a lot of other people hope , because it 's not easy , but you know I 'm working on it . " The story of the Williams sisters ' rise to prominence , their dominance of the women 's game and the struggles they have both experienced in recent years -- with Serena surviving potentially life-threatening blood clots -- has captivated tennis fans . They have won a combined total of 33 singles and doubles grand slam titles , so what lies ahead as they approach the twilight of their tennis careers ? "  There 's a lot more clothes to design , " Venus said . "  Serena and I both want to play the Rio 2016 Olympics , we think that 'd be a great place to shine for us and for the U.S. and everything . "  So we 're not done yet , we still have great tennis in us , and it 's amazing to do this every day . "	Venus Williams recently relaunched her clothing label EleVen in New York The seven-time grand slam champion was diagnosed with Sjogren 's Syndrome last year The former world No. 1 won the women 's Olympic doubles title alongside sister Serena Williams took time out of her playing career to obtain a fashion degree
Los Angeles  CNN  -- John Travolta 's lawyer argued a time-stamped photograph and a restaurant receipt show the actor was not in Los Angeles when a massage therapist claims he sexually assaulted him at the Beverly Hills Hotel . "  We found out the dates of the claim , we knew the story was false , " Travolta lawyer Martin Singer told CNN Wednesday . The federal lawsuit , which includes claims by two men that Travolta groped them while on their massage tables , seeks $ 2 million in damage for each plaintiff . The lawyer who filed the suit said "  droves " of potential plaintiffs have been calling him with similar stories , but he must check their evidence before adding them to the case . "  These are people from different resorts from every state from Hawaii , Arizona , Texas , New York where they were there when he was banned or they were assaulted or they claim to be escorts that were hired by Travolta , " attorney Okorie Okorocha told CNN Wednesday . Okorocha is a young Pasadena lawyer who said much of his practice is focused on going after sexual predators . He said he is not intimidated by the prospect of going against Singer , a veteran lawyer known for aggressive tactics in his representation of "  A-list " Hollywood clients . "  They ai n't got nothing on me , " said Okorocha . "  I 'm the real deal . He stepped into the ring with a gorilla . I am relentless . If you read the reports , if you look at my records , I do not give up on anything . " But Singer came out swinging hard against Okorocha on Wednesday , first questioning the suit 's detailed description of the first incident in which Travolta allegedly groped a male massage therapist repeatedly and finally masturbated during the two-hour session in a bungalow at the Beverly Hills Hotel on January 16 . It claimed Travolta picked up the plaintiff -- identified as John Doe No. 1 -- in a black Lexus SUV and took him to a hotel bungalow where an African-American chef was cooking hamburgers . "  My client does n't have a black chef , does n't own an SUV or a Lexus , " Singer said . "  He drives a sedan . " And he was in New York that day to be fitted for his wardrobe for his film "  Killing Seasons , " Singer said . He arrived in the city on January 15 , a day before the alleged assault in Los Angeles , and remained there at least through the next day , he said . A photograph of Travolta , which Singer said was taken at the New York fitting , bears a digital timestamp of January 16 at 4:30 p.m. , although the time zone was not specified . Singer also provided a receipt for a $ 382 meal at Mr. Chow , a Manhattan restaurant , apparently printed at 11:38 p.m. the same day of the alleged Los Angeles assault . The merchant copy of the receipt does not include a signature . "  My client was sexually assaulted at 10 a.m. , " Okorocha said Wednesday . "  I can get there on horseback to Mr. Chow 's in New York in 12 hours . That 's not that remarkable . " He noted that Travolta is a licensed pilot with a private jet . Singer 's claim that Travolta was on another side of the country and not with John Doe No. 1 will be easy to disprove , Okorocha said . "  In this information age , it 's very hard not to leave a digital footprint and travel around and use cell phones and vehicles and computers , rent bungalows at the Beverly Hills Hotel . " The second plaintiff , who claims a similar encounter with Travolta occurred at an Atlanta hotel where he was a staff massage therapist on January 25 , was added to the lawsuit Tuesday . Okorocha said the case should be easy to prove because of documentation that was done soon after the incident . "  He tells his boss , the employees all talk about it . There 's e-mails going back and forth about the incident . " "  This second ` anonymous ' claim is just as absurd and ridiculous as the first one , " Singer said Tuesday . It was "  obvious " that Okorocha "  checked media reports that my client was in Atlanta working on a movie " before filing the second claim about an Atlanta incident , he said . "  However , the claim by Doe No. 2 is just as fabricated as the claim by Doe No. 1 , " Singer said . "  Our client will be fully vindicated in court on both of these absurd and fictional claims . " Unless Travolta accepts an out-of-court settlement , the actor can expect to testify in public and on camera about the allegations , Okorocha said . "  He 's going to have a videotaped deposition with me asking him questions and if he goes to trial he is going be on the witness stand answering my questions , " Okorocha said . "  That is far more intensive and productive as far as evidence than any police report will ever be . " The plaintiffs are identified in court filings only as John Doe No. 1 from Texas and John Doe No. 2 of Atlanta , a move their lawyer says is allowed by federal law to protect victims . Travolta 's lawyers know their names , Okorocha said . Singer said that Okorocha filed his clients anonymously to keep other people from recognizing them and coming forward with evidence against them . Travolta , 58 , has been married to actress Kelly Preston for 20 years . The oldest of their three children , Jett , was 16 when he died of a seizure while the family was vacationing in the Bahamas in January 2009 . The lawsuit alleges that Travolta called the first plaintiff , who advertises online with "  professionally themed ads , " to arrange for a massage at $ 200 an hour . Travolta picked him up at a Beverly Hills address and drove him to the hotel , according to the lawsuit . When they entered the bungalow , Travolta "  shamelessly stripped naked " in front of a professional chef and the plaintiff , the lawsuit states . "  He wants me to get on the table , can you believe that ? " Travolta told the chef , according to the document . "  For the first hour the massage was without incident , other than he kept purposefully sliding the towel down that covered his buttocks to reveal about half of gluteus area , " the suit states . The massage therapist repeatedly slid the towel back up 10 times in the first hour , "  reminding Defendant that state law required that a massage client be fully draped during the massage , " the suit states . When Travolta "  started to rub Plaintiff 's leg , " he "  thought it was accidental , " it said . Later , however , there was more touching by Travolta "  and this time Plaintiff told Defendant to please not touch him again , " the complaint said . "  Defendant apologized , but then snickered to himself like a mischievous child , " it said . The lawsuit then described Travolta allegedly touching and grabbing the massage therapist 's penis . "  This was painful and uncomfortable , " the suit said . Travolta apologized and suggested they "  must have gotten our signals crossed , " and that he thought that the massage therapist "  wanted the same thing he did , " it said . "  Defendant then tried to act like it was a simple misunderstanding . " Travolta then asked him to switch places on the table for a "  reverse massage , " the lawsuit states . Travolta allegedly offered to perform a sexual act on the therapist . Although the therapist "  felt very afraid for his safety , " he agreed to stay and continue with the massage after Travolta told him "  OK , I 'll behave myself , " the suit said . Travolta 's statement "  gave plaintiff confidence that his predatory behavior was finally under control , " the suit said . When he resumed with a deep tissue massage on his shoulders , Travolta told him , "  Say something nice to me , " it said . Travolta , who allegedly began masturbating , then got up and screamed at the plaintiff "  how selfish he was ; that Defendant got where he is now due to sexual favors he had performed when he was in his ` Welcome Back Kotter ' days , " the suit said . Hollywood is controlled by homosexual men "  who expect favors in return for sexual activity , " the lawsuit document quotes Travolta as saying . "  Defendant then went on to say how he had done things in his past that would make most people throw up , " it said . The complaint said Travolta told the therapist that "  he was smart enough to learn to enjoy it , and when he began to make millions of dollars , that it all became well worth it . " When the therapist refused to take part , Travolta said , "  No problem . I will find new friends , " the suit said . He then offered to call a "  Hollywood starlet " who wanted "  three-way sex , " but "  they needed to have sex together first before calling her , so this way they would be in-sync with each other sexually , " the suit said . The actor told him he could "  make millions and be famous " if he lost some weight and adapted to same-sex relations , the suit said . When the therapist threatened to call police if he was not returned to where he was picked up , Travolta drove him back , although calling him "  selfish " and a "  loser " on the way , it said . He paid the therapist $ 800 , double the $ 400 owed for the two hours , the suit said . CNN 's Carolyn Sung and Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	Travolta 's lawyer challenges details of the alleged Beverly Hills Hotel incident on January 16 The actor was in New York from January 15 for several days , his lawyer says People "  from every state " are calling to join the lawsuit , says lawyer who filed it Travolta must testify in public and on camera unless he settles the suit , the lawyer says
San Diego  CNN  -- We start with the obvious question : Why do the media , political observers and presidential campaigns spend so much time talking about the Latino vote ? Many Americans resent the implication that some votes are more important or have more impact than others .  No one is saying that 's the case . Still , why do n't we talk with equal enthusiasm about voting by African-Americans or white evangelicals or left-handed senior citizens who live in Rhode Island ? Here are four reasons : 1 . The number of Hispanic voters has been increasing steadily -- by 2 million since the last presidential election . An estimated 12 million Latinos are expected to cast ballots in November , up from 10 million in 2008 . That could account for as much as 10 % of the total number of ballots cast across all demographic groups . 2 . Latino voters live in swing states that pick presidents . They are a major presence in four battlegrounds : Colorado , Florida , Nevada and New Mexico . While they are also a force in blue states such as California and New York and red states such as Texas and Arizona , their real influence is in the purple states . 3 . Hispanics are up for grabs , more than African-Americans who vote overwhelmingly for Democrats and white conservative Christians who usually support Republicans . While the majority closely identify with the Democratic Party -- a December 2011 study by the Pew Hispanic Center said 67 % call themselves Democrats and 20 % Republicans -- Hispanics have in the past shown a willingness to support Republicans with moderate views on issues such as immigration . 4 . The Hispanic population will become more important and politically powerful . According to the 2010 census , the number of Hispanics in this country grew 43 % in the last decade . Only one group is growing faster : Asian Americans . By 2050 , Hispanics are projected to number 132 million and represent 30 % of the population . What questions would you like to ask the candidates ? Share a short video question . It 's a new world . Look no further than the 23rd Congressional District in Texas , where Republican Rep. Francisco "  Quico " Canseco and Democratic challenger Pete Gallego recently faced off in a debate in San Antonio . The debate was entirely in Spanish , a show of respect in a district that is 66 % Latino and where 53 % of residents speak a language other than English at home . Unfortunately , there are still remnants of the old world . For that , we can thank both political parties who put their own interests ahead of everyday Americans -- with Latinos being no exception . In this nation of immigrants , the federal government and local law enforcement officers now work hand-in-glove to round up and deport the undocumented . And this is n't just happening in Republican-controlled Arizona . Thanks to a program called Secure Communities , which requires local police to submit to federal authorities the fingerprints of anyone they suspect might be in the country illegally  read : Hispanics  , that kind of cooperation is now standard operating procedure from sea to shining sea . The program was started at the end of 2008 , but it has been ramped up during the Obama Administration as a way of increasing deportation figures . Latinos , according to the Pew study , are nearly twice as likely as the general public to support a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants . In the presidential matchup between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney , Latinos have a Hobson 's choice between a Republican challenger who talks about getting tough on illegal immigrants and a Democratic incumbent who already has . Of course , there is always the chance that Latinos do n't consider immigration a top priority . But we have already been assured that they do . By whom ? Why , by Democrats who use the issue to attack Republicans , and Republicans who use it to attack Democrats . Back in the world of bad choices , if Latinos fall in line behind Obama , despite his record 1.5 million deportations and the dividing of hundreds of thousands of families , they will send the president a clear message : "  Do with us what you will . We have no real influence and no power because we have no principles and no integrity . You can wipe your feet on our concerns , and we 'll still support you . " If they vote for Mitt Romney despite his harsh rhetoric in the primary , they 'll be saying : "  It 's OK to propose simple solutions , to demagogue the immigration issue , to twist your opponents ' positions and to caricature immigrants as takers and a burden on society . We 'll still take a chance on you as a better alternative to what we have now . " If Latino voters go down either path , there could soon come a day when we wo n't have to worry about discussing the power of the Latino vote -- because there may not be much power to discuss . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Four reasons why so many are focused on the Latino vote this election He says Latino voters rolls have swelled , and they are well-represented in swing states He says they skew Democrat , but may be open to GOP ; immigration an issue either way Navarrette : Latinos face Hobson 's choice in election
CNN  -- Alone in the darkness beneath layers of rubble , Dan Woolley felt blood streaming from his head and leg . Then he remembered -- he had an app for that . Woolley , an aid worker , husband , and father of two boys , followed instructions on his cell phone to survive the January 12 earthquake in Haiti . "  I had an app that had pre-downloaded all this information about treating wounds . So I looked up excessive bleeding and I looked up compound fracture , " Woolley told CNN . The application on his iPhone is filled with information about first aid and CPR from the American Heart Association . "  So I knew I was n't making mistakes , " Woolley said . "  That gave me confidence to treat my wounds properly . " Trapped in the ruins of the Hotel Montana in Port-au-Prince , he used his shirt to bandage his leg , and tied his belt around the wound . To stop the bleeding on his head , he firmly pressed a sock to it . Concerned he might have been experiencing shock , Woolley used the app to look up what to do . It warned him not to sleep . So he set his phone alarm to go off every 20 minutes . Once the battery got down to less than 20 percent of its power , Woolley turned it off . By then , he says , he had trained his body not to sleep for long periods , drifting off only to wake up within minutes . Woolley 's job keeps him tech savvy . He oversees interactive projects for the Christian child advocacy organization Compassion International in Colorado Springs , Colorado . CNN iReport : Looking for loved ones in Haiti With his injuries tended to , he wrote a note to his family in his journal : "  I was in a big accident , an earthquake . Do n't be upset at God . He always provides for his children even in hard times . I 'm still praying that God will get me out , but he may not . But even so he will always take care of you . " The journal is stained with his blood . After more than 60 hours , Woolley was pulled from the rubble . "  Those guys are rescue heroes , " he said of the crew that pulled him out . Interactive map of where to find aid , hospitals in Haiti His colleague David Hames has not been found . The two had been standing together when the earthquake struck and the Hotel Montana crumbled . They were making a film about poverty in Haiti and had just gotten back to the hotel , heading to the elevator in the lobby . "  Then all of a sudden just all craziness broke loose , " Woolley said . "  Convulsions of the ground around us , the walls started rippling and then falling on us . -LSB- Hames -RSB- yelled out , ' I think it 's an earthquake ! ' I looked for someplace safe to jump to and there was no safe place . " When the shaking stopped , Woolley could n't see . And his friend was not with him . He turned on the focus light of a camera he was wearing around his neck , but he did n't have his glasses . "  So I actually took some pictures and would look at the back of the lens of the camera and saw in one of those pictures the elevator that I ended up hobbling over to . And that became my safe place . " Once in the elevator , he used the app -- called "  Pocket First Aid & CPR " from Jive Media -- to tend to his injuries . Woolley said his phone "  was like a high-tech version of a Swiss Army knife that enabled me to treat my own injuries , track time , stay awake and stay alive . " Woolley heard voices of some other people trapped nearby , and they spoke with each other . "  About a day , maybe day and a half in , we heard rescuers , and they had a list of our names at that point , because they were able to talk to one of the people we were talking with . And so then it seemed like , OK , this is going to happen , we 're actually going to get rescued . "  But then it just took a long time and there were times where I did n't hear anything or I 'd hear drilling in a far part of the building and just did n't get any reassurance they were still coming for me , " Woolley said . "  The scene outside was a lot more chaotic and less simple than I imagined in my head . ... But eventually they came for me and did an amazing rescue . " Back home now in Colorado Springs with his wife Christina and children Josh , 6 , and Nathan , 3 , Woolley said he 's grateful to God for getting him through the ordeal . "  Happiness is a morning with ... family , filled with Legos , kissing boo-boos and normalcy . "	Dan Woolley , a Colorado aid worker , was trapped in Haiti hotel after earthquake Woolley used cell phone application to learn how to control bleeding , survive iPhone application , called "  Pocket First Aid & CPR , " is from Jive Media "  That gave me confidence to treat my wounds properly , " Woolley says
CNN  Tampa police have arrested a pair of teenagers in last week 's shooting of a young pit bull mix that was left for dead . The 17-year-olds face aggravated animal cruelty and armed trespassing charges after tying the hound , now named Cabela , to railroad tracks and shooting her multiple times . Surveillance video from the area showed a group of individuals walking the dog along the tracks in the city 's Sulphur Springs neighborhood before later running away , said Detective Patrick Messmer . Neighbors heard gunshots and police were called . Cabela was purchased to be used in dog fighting , but she was n't any good at it so they wanted to get rid of her , according to Messmer . "  This appears to be an isolated incident , " he said . "  It does n't appear that there was a large amount of dog fighting that goes on in the neighborhood . " On March 5 , police found Cabela tightly tied to the tracks and shot three times -- twice in the neck and once in the shoulder . "  Nothing gets you ready ... to see a dog -- a helpless animal -- tied so tight to a railroad track around the neck that it 's literally pinned down , " said Sgt. Rich Mills , who freed her . "  She was literally pinned down . She could not get away even if she tried . " Once freed , Mills rushed Cabela to Tampa Bay Veterinary Emergency Center . Initially , it was thought the young dog would have to her right front leg amputated because the damage was so severe , but a metal rod was inserted and she 's recovering . In fact , Cabela 's already walking on her repaired leg . Rehabilitation will take four to six weeks , according to Dr. Jamie Davidson . Breaking : an arrest made in case of Cabela-dog shot and tied to tracks-more info at 9:30 p.m - @TBVES @TampaPD pic.twitter.com/FDWN0uvSE9 Donations started pouring in once word of the injured pup got out . "  A little overwhelming , but really touching that so many strangers were willing to help Cabela , from all around the world , " said Davidson . Donations have ranged from $ 20 to several hundred dollars and came from as far away as Germany and England . The teens in the case were identified by police from the surveillance video . One of them has a lengthy record and was already known to authorities . Messmer says other arrests are possible .	Police found the pup after neighbors heard gunshots Cabela is expected to be rehabilitated within 4 to 6 weeks Her treatment cost thousands of dollars
CNN  -- Pope Francis has made clear that "  wealth and income inequality is a moral issue " that needs addressing as a priority . Expect President Barack Obama to address that theme strongly during his State of the Union address Tuesday -- but for very different political reasons . Barack Obama will make economic inequality central to his 2014 agenda in his State of the Union address on Tuesday night . The president 's speech will be watched intensely not just in the United States , but right across the world . This is because , right now , inequality is a very salient issue internationally . And , interestingly , it is not just politicians , but also other prominent figures  including , most notably , Pope Francis  who are championing this agenda . Less than a year into his papacy , Francis has already criticized what he sees as modern society 's "  idolatry of money . " He has clearly stated that "  wealth and income inequality is a moral issue " that needs addressing as a priority . And in a sign that Obama recognizes the growing international momentum behind this issue , the White House last week announced that the president will travel to the Vatican in late March . The talks will center around the "  shared commitment -LSB- of the Pope and President -RSB- to fighting global poverty and growing inequality . " Obama 's State of the Union address , and his March meeting with the Pope , will not just bring global attention to this agenda . It will also encourage campaigning on similar themes by politicians around the world , especially from the left of center . To date , mainstream left parties in many countries have failed to capitalize electorally , particularly in Europe , on the last few years of economic downturn that has been the most acute period of crisis since at least the 1930s . But , the fortunes of the center left could yet be on the turn . In Europe , for instance , UK Labour Party Leader Ed Miliband hopes to win office next year on a platform of voter discontent in the country over stagnant living standards . Meanwhile , Canada 's Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau is championing a narrative of the struggling middle class in advance of the 2015 ballot in that country . And , in New Zealand , Labour Party Leader David Cunliffe hopes to seize power by exploiting economic inequality issues in an election expected this year . Meanwhile , in the United States , the White House calculates that a core economic fairness agenda has the potential to reboot Obama 's flailing second term of office , and prove a winning national theme for the Democratic Party in November 's mid-term congressional elections . To this end , Obama plans to use his address to build popular support , and also press for specific proposals to address income inequality , including extending jobless-benefits , and expanding the federal minimum wage to at least $ 10 . Professor Johannes Lindvall 's fascinating research on the political consequences of the Great Depression , and the post 2008/09 Great Recession , is potentially illuminating about the left of center 's political prospects in coming years . He has shown that the electoral implications of both of these defining historical moments were similar to begin with : conservative parties generally performed stronger in ballots than the mainstream left soon after both economic crises began . As Lindvall asserts , this could be potentially explained , in part , by the fact that the initial trauma of both the Great Depression and Great Recession were widely perceived as so significant that many middle class voters cast their lot in with conservative parties which were seen as better able to tackle the crisis . In the two years after 2008/09 alone , for instance , center-left parties lost ground , or were jolted by significant electoral losses in countries in Asia-Pacific  Australia and New Zealand  , to Europe  Czech Republic , Finland , Germany , the Netherlands , Sweden , the United Kingdom  and North America  in the 2010 U.S. mid-term elections  . What is potentially even more interesting , however , is that Lindvall found that once the Great Depression was no longer seen by voters as a major continuing threat , the political pendulum tended to swing back toward parties of the center left . Of course , it is by no means certain that history will repeat itself . Lindvall , for instance , notes that politicians of the mainstream left today have less new agenda setting ideas and policy options than in the 1930s when an era of expansionary fiscal policies and welfare programmes blossomed . Nonetheless , the longer the legacy of the 2008/09 crisis continues to bite , from higher youth unemployment to stagnant living standards , the greater the opportunities could be for the centre left to benefit . Now as in the 1930s , economic hardship is being felt in many countries not just by the poor , but also the middle classes . And , it is this discontent that left-of-center politicians , including Obama , Miliband , Trudeau , and Cunliffe , are seeking to tap into . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Hammond .	Andrew Hammond : President Barack Obama will make economic inequality a priority Pope Francis has criticized modern society 's "  idolatry of money , " he writes Hammond : The White House announced the president will travel to the Vatican in March The visit is a sign Obama recognizes the momentum behind this issue , he says
CNN  -- A man dressed as a priest caught at Amsterdam 's airport with three kilos of cocaine under his vestments claimed to police that his packages contained "  holy sand " , Dutch police said . Security officials conducting a normal security check at Schiphol airport last year . Police stopped the man at Amsterdam 's Schiphol airport as he was transiting on a flight from South America , Robert Van Aapel , a spokesman for the Dutch Royal Military Police told CNN by phone Saturday . "  He refused to be searched saying that he was a religious person and it was not allowed , " Van Aapel said . "  However , this is normal procedure so our officers insisted . They asked him again and after the second time they carried out the search and discovered the man had packs strapped to his legs below his priest 's clothes . He told us they contained holy sand , " he said . He said the man , who is aged around 40 and a Bolivian national , was arrested Thursday after arriving in to the airport on a flight from Lima , Peru . He was attempting to transit on a flight to Milan when he was apprehended with the cocaine , worth around $ 105,000  $ 155,000  . The Bolivian appeared in court Friday on charges of drug smuggling , Van Aapel said . Dutch police are trying to establish if the man is a real priest after he claimed to be a senior member of the clergy in the Bolivian capital La Paz , he added . E-mail to a friend	Police : Man stopped at Amsterdam 's Schiphol airport dressed as a priest Initially refused to be searched , saying that he was a religious person Found to have $ 155,000 worth of cocaine strapped to his legs under his vestments Officers trying to establish whether the man , on flight from Peru , is a priest
CNN  -- The U.S. Justice Department said Monday it is suing Puerto Rico 's police department for discrimination , alleging a female officer suffered three years of harassment for her race , color and religion . The allegations are the latest in a series of claims against the commonwealth 's troubled police force , and they follow an agreement last week between the Justice Department and Puerto Rico to reform the island 's 17,000-strong force . The suit alleges the PRPD , the nation 's second-largest police department , subjected officer Yolanda Carrasquillo to verbal harassment from 2007 to 2010 , violating Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act . It says a civilian co-worker "  regularly used racial and other offensive slurs directed towards Carrasquillo , and other black or dark-skinned employees , that disparaged her race , color and Christian faith . " The verbal abuse happened daily and was often in front of police supervisors , the suit says . Carrasquillo made numerous complaints to her supervisors , but the department never took any meaningful steps to stop the harassment or discipline the person responsible , the Justice Department said . The department failed to follow its own anti-harassment policy that requires supervisors to prevent and stop discriminatory behavior after they become aware of it , the suit says . CNN reached the spokeswoman for the police department 's superintendent , who said she would call back if he was able to make a comment . There was no reply by late Monday . The Justice Department 's lawsuit seeks monetary damages for Carrasquillo and asks the PRPD to develop and implement policies that would prevent employees from being subjected to harassment on the basis of race , color or religion . Carrasquillo originally filed a discrimination charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , which referred the matter to the Justice Department . "  Public employers should set an example for others by upholding the law and taking prompt and effective action to stop discriminatory harassment , " said Jocelyn Samuels , the principal deputy assistant attorney general for the department 's Civil Rights Division . Last week , the Justice Department and Puerto Rico signed a major civil rights agreement to fix a pattern of police misconduct by the PRPD , mostly relating to the department 's interaction with the public . It is pending final approval by a federal judge . The pact covers 11 core areas including use of force , searches and seizures , equal protection , civilian complaints , training and supervision . An earlier Justice Department investigation uncovered evidence that officers failed to adequately investigate sexual assault and domestic violence allegations . Journalist Dania Alexandrino in Puerto Rico and CNN 's Carol Cratty in Washington contributed to this report .	The suit says the PRPD discriminated against a female officer for 3 years It says a co-worker used slurs disparaging her race , color , and religion The Justice Department seeks monetary damages and corrective action The department and Puerto Rico signed a deal last week to reform the troubled force
When a photographer is at the right place at the right time , a lightning show can be absolutely magical . Seattle photographer Tim Durkan remembers the time he stood in a rainstorm for 90 minutes waiting for the perfect lightning shot . His clothes and his camera were soaked , but he said he loved the experience . "  The crowd of about 50 people were literally cheering each and every lightning strike ! " Durkan said , describing the group of amazed photographers . While the lightning that comes with summer storms can be some of the most beautiful natural phenomena to photograph , these storms can be dangerous . Remember : If you hear thunder , lightning is close enough to strike you . You can reduce your risk by setting up your camera on a tripod and operating it with a wireless remote trigger while you remain inside your home or vehicle , said National Weather Service lightning safety expert John Jensenius . The National Weather Service has compiled a list of lightning safety tips here . Have you captured an incredible photo of lightning ? Let 's see what you 've got . Share your best images with CNN iReport .	Summer produces some spectacular lightning and it shows in the photos Use a tripod and a wireless remote to capture lightning photos , NWS suggests But remember , photographing storms can be dangerous , so stay out of harm 's way
Mark Twain first told us that truth can be stranger than fiction , which is of course true . But in this instance , it 's funnier , too . That 's the premise behind the off-Broadway comedy "  Tail ! Spin ! , " the story of some of the most memorable political sex scandals of recent times . Remember these classics ? Mark Sanford , former South Carolina Governor : "  As much as I did talk about going to the Appalachian Trail , that is n't where I ended up . " Anthony Weiner , former U.S. Congressman : "  I have engaged in several inappropriate conversations , conducted over Twitter , Facebook , email and occasionally on the phone with women I had met online . " Larry Craig , former Idaho Senator : "  I am not gay . I have never been gay . " It 's those -- and hundreds of other priceless lines -- that make "  Tail ! Spin ! " unique . The entire play -- every word -- is taken verbatim from the news conferences , interviews , books , texts and , yes , tweets of those involved . "  I realized I could never write the kinds of things that these guys actually said and have an audience believe them . And so that 's when I realized , it 's got to be verbatim , because that 's the only way for folks to see what these things are actually like , " said playwright Mario Correa . Different male actors play each of the infamous politicians but starring alongside them is Saturday Night Live alum Rachel Dratch who plays all of the wounded wives , mistresses and other women . She portrays 16 characters during the 75 minute performance . "  It pays far less than SNL , but it 's good for me because it 's , in general , my comfort zone . I started out -LSB- at Chicago 's famed improve group -RSB- Second City doing sketch , and so the idea of like switching characters is kind of something I 've been doing for a long time , " Dratch told CNN . In fact , it was n't the number of characters -- but rather what those characters were saying that first struck Dratch about the script . "  The thing I was most shocked at was the graphic nature of the talk . Like you hear like , ` oh they were sexting , ' and then you see like what were they sexting and you 're like , ` whoa . ' This is beyond any of my sexting skills , " Dratch said . Some of the exchanges -- especially messages sent by former U.S. Rep. Mark Foley during the Congressional Page scandal -- may not be fodder for a family website . But most of them confirm the suspicions of many ofthose already cynical about politics -- that the main players somehow feel , no matter how they behave , they wo n't get caught . The difference between life and art in this instance is that the play pays as much attention to the aggrieved women as the offending men , nearly all of whom stood by their husbands during the scandals -- literally . Dratch had to channel what they would have been thinking appearing at those awkward press conferences . "  I imagine when the scandal hits , you know , maybe later they 're going to marinate on it and make your decisions . But when it hits you probably just want to like air on the side of ` I 'm going to believe what he says , I 'm going to keep the family together , blah blah blah , ' " she said . "  I do n't know I could see myself doing that in a whirlwind press thing . I 'll put myself there or I 'll sort it all out later with a skilled therapist . " Despite the starring role of infidelity , Correa -- a former Congressional staffer -- says his play is more about power than sex . "  I think a lot of us make mistakes in our personal lives , I know I have , but the reason we do n't take these crazy , sort of outlandish risks and expect to get away with them is because we do n't have power to protect us . But these guys are like , ` I 'm a member of Congress , of course this is not going to come back to me , I 've got a business card . ' " That 's exactly what Larry Craig showed to a police officer after being confronted inside a restroom at the Minneapolis airport . Spoiler alert : It did n't help .	A play in New York stars Rachel Dratch and the dialogue is verbatim from political sex scandals Dratch talked to CNN 's Gloria Borger about the role
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- Critics have traditionally had a field day slamming Davos as an event where the elite hop on their private jets to quaff champagne and pat each other on the back . Where nothing of any value  except to those present  ever occurs . And ten , or maybe even five years ago , they were probably right . Watch : Davos Live : All the action from WEF 2013 But since then , business and governments have had a massive wake up call . And Davos is becoming a very different event . Social media has empowered people to hold business and leaders accountable and to sanction and even remove those who behave in the wrong way . Read more : How Davos can become less self-absorbed and more useful We are now living in the "  age of damage . " Every week we see a new example of this -- from BP to News International , from Walmart to Starbucks , from the BBC to Foxconn to Libor . As Unilever CEO Paul Polman -- who chose the 2010 World Economic Forum as the venue to launch his plan to double Unilever 's revenue while halving its carbon footprint -- said in an interview recently : "  The consumer is able to identify responsible businesses from less responsible businesses . The pressure is higher but if you then deliver you will be rewarded more . " The new price of doing well is doing good and Polman seems to have the proof . "  Unilever has one of its fastest growth rates now , " he said . "  We have just passed the    50 billion barrier -- since 2011 we have created a Heinz or a Campbell Soup in incremental turnover without affecting the bottom line . " Read more : All you need to know to be a Davos delegate Barclays CEO Antony Jenkins is another leader who understands both the challenges of operating in this era of radical transparency , and the power of social media . At the One Young World Summit in October he told delegates about the screen in his office that carried a rolling Twitter feed of tweets about Barclays . On the day the Libor scandal broke , Jenkins said it became an angry torrent , too quick to follow . Last week , he wrote to the 140,000 Barclays staff telling them : "  The rules have changed . " He unveiled a new approach for the organization where staff would be assessed on their adherence to a set of values that defines Barclay 's overall purpose in society . Read more : Why 2013 could be a game-changer on climate Jenkins and Polman are both great examples of what I call "  green-blooded capitalists " . Leaders who passionately believe in the power of business to be a force for good . They will both be attending this week to drive their missions , alongside many other CEOs -- all of whom understand that far from being a place to hide , they will be under more scrutiny than ever in Davos . At a simplistic level , in the last century NGOs and charities had great intentions , but not always great execution . Businesses had great execution , but not always great intentions . This century needs to be about , and can be about , great intentions and great execution . Business can be a major force , in fact , the major force to drive positive change in the world . And Davos , with its unique ability to bring together NGOs and business , can play an important role in that transformation . But at the end of the day , actions speak louder than words . And all of us attending should keep that front of mind . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Jones .	Social media has brought greater accountability to business Business can be a major force to drive social good in the world , says Jones He says that businesses that do good in the world do well
Jacmel , Haiti  CNN  -- Tuesday morning , Joachin "  Clark " Jean-Gilles was a millionaire . Tuesday night , he was sleeping in his car . Jean-Gilles was owner of the Peace of Mind Hotel in Jacmel , Haiti , a three-story , 30-room hideaway in a quiet tropical valley on Haiti 's southern coast , 25 miles from the bustle of the capital , Port-au-Prince . Jean-Gilles and his wife , Marie , lived in an apartment on the property , close enough to watch carefully over the guest rooms , conference rooms , boutique and restaurant , close enough that they pledged to know the first name of every guest . After the 7.0-earthquake hit , they slept in their aging Isuzu , parked in the hotel driveway . Jean-Gilles figured a split second was the difference between life and death when the temblor struck . He was working in a ground-floor conference room and first heard , then felt the quake . He asked his electrician , Roberne St. Louis , who was working nearby , what was happening . "  Get out . Now . Get out . Now , " St. Louis said . Jean-Gilles cleared the collapsing structure by a mere second , he estimated . His wife , who was working in the couple 's apartment on the second floor , was n't able to get clear . People nearby heard her screams after the shaking stopped and removed the cinder blocks entrapping her by hand . She was shaken and scratched , but walked away from the wreckage . "  I am alive . God is good , " she repeated over and over on Saturday . Are you in Haiti and safe ? Share your photos with CNN The Peace of Mind Hotel was a dream come true for Jean-Gilles , 57 , and Marie , 59 . Born in Port-au-Prince , they moved to the United States shortly after meeting 34 years ago . Together , they owned a beauty supply store in Jersey City , New Jersey , and invested in real estate . In 2003 , they cashed out their U.S. investments , returned to Haiti and began building the Peace of Mind Hotel , looking to make a future for themselves and the people of their homeland . "  In a country that is so poor , we knew we could do well . We could help people by creating jobs , " Jean-Gilles said . They did just that . The Peace of Mind , which they valued at about $ 2 million , was theirs free and clear . They employed 40 people during the construction and had 25 on staff when the quake struck . One employee , who is also a relative , was killed in the collapse . Her body was retrieved on Saturday . One other body remained in the rubble of the Peace of Mind , that of an American working in Haiti who 'd stopped in for a few drinks and to use the Internet . Heavy machinery pulled away chunks of debris and the smell said searchers were close to finding that body , too . The couple 's relatives in the United States did n't learn of their survival until this story was published on CNN.com . A relative saw the couple 's picture on CNN.com 's homepage and told others , said the couple 's daughter-in-law , Karen Jean-Gilles of Fort Lauderdale , Florida . She said she and other relatives were going crazy with worry until they saw the picture . The relatives in the United States still have n't been able to reach the couple , but Karen Jean-Gilles ' husband plans to go to Haiti and find them as soon as commercial flights resume , she said . "  I was crying . I was just so happy that they are OK , " Karen Jean-Gilles said Sunday evening . " As for the hotel , while business was n't overwhelming during its first year , hope was high for February , when the annual carnival celebration brings thousands of people to Jacmel . Business in Haiti relies a lot on hope . There is no insurance for small-business men like himself , Jean-Gilles said . And he 'd yet to find international insurance since he opened the hotel last February . He 'd worked six years on it and invested a lifetime of savings . Saturday , Jean-Gilles said he wanted to rebuild , but was at a loss on how he could make that happen . "  We do n't have a source of revenue . This hotel was the source of our revenue . All we 've worked for our whole life . And it 's gone , " he said . Still , he tossed around options . An outbuilding that served as a kitchen survived . Maybe he could build around that . And there 's a swimming pool that was just about complete . That was something to work with . And there was the hope and faith that had let him live his dream , if only for a few short months . "  God is good . Remember , God is good , " Jean-Gilles told a neighbor in the valley as he contemplated rebuilding . "  This time it will be flat . I am not building up anymore . " Karen Jean-Gilles said her father-in-law and mother-in-law spent their life savings and did "  everything they could possibly think of doing to get this hotel up and running . " Clark Jean-Gilles looked at the hotel as "  being the legacy to his grandchildren , " she said . "  I 'm just so happy that they are OK , but I 'm sad about the hotel , " Karen Jean-Gilles said . "  We do n't know what they 're going to do now . My husband wants to get to Haiti to help them , but the airlines are closed . So , it 's really complicated , but we 're just thankful that they 're alive . " CNN 's Don Lemon and David Williams contributed to this report .	NEW : Relative learns couple survived when she saw their picture on CNN.com Joachin "  Clark " Jean-Gilles spent life savings building hotel worth $ 2 million Jean-Gilles and wife slept in car after quake destroyed hotel 30-room hotel took six years to build ; Jean-Gilles without insurance or income to rebuild
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Ten girls were killed in eastern Afghanistan on Monday when a landmine exploded as they were out collecting firewood -- the latest casualties in one of the most mined countries in the world . Two other girls were injured in the incident in Nangarhar province , said Ahmad Zia Abdulzai , the spokesman for the province 's governor . Landmines -- those planted by insurgents and those left over from the Soviet occupation -- continue to kill dozens of Afghans every year . "  Naturally curious , children are likely to pick up strange objects , such as the infamous toy-like ` butterfly ' mines that Soviet forces spread by the millions in Afghanistan , " according to UNICEF . Read more : The low-tech , high-design tumbleweed minesweeper designed by former Afghan refugee	Two others are injured in the blast Landmines continue to kill dozens in Afghanistan
CNN  -- On safari in Europe ? Surely the place has been settled too long for that -- roads and real estate must have edged out the wild creatures that once roamed the continent . Not entirely . With an intrepid spirit -- and a dose of patience -- you 'll find big game experiences from the Arctic Circle to the shores of the Mediterranean . Polar bear  Norway Not many places in the world make you carry a gun when you 're leaving town . Svalbard , Norway 's frozen northernmost territory , does . Anyone leaving a settlement is required by law to carry a rifle in case they need to kill a polar bear in self-defense . The world 's largest land carnivore , polar bears prey mainly on ringed seals , but without a bear-sized gun you could become a snack . Midway between Norway and the North Pole , Svalbard is an archipelago of black rock , snow and glaciers surrounded by ice floes . It 's hard to believe that anything could live here , but these islands and the waters around them are home to about 3,000 polar bears . They spend much of their time at sea , so it 's often best  and safest  to see them from a boat . Plenty of companies offer boat trips in small expedition vessels from Longyearbyen , Svalbard 's main town , including Nordic Visitor and Spitsbergen Travel . Bear sightings are almost guaranteed , with basking walruses a bonus . When to go : midsummer , when 24 hours of daylight give you plenty of time to see bears and other wildlife . Rifle rental costs around $ 30 per day from adventure travel stores on Longyearbyen 's main street . You need special permission from the Governor of Svalbard or a weapon license to carry a rifle . SAS and Norwegian fly to Longyearbyen from Oslo . More information from Visit Norway . Moose  Sweden Sweden : moose capital of the world . The country has more of the creatures per square kilometer than anywhere else in the world . Despite the best efforts of Swedish hunters , around 250,000 moose  more often known as elk in Europe  roam the country 's forests . In autumn , they sometimes wander into towns and villages , drunk on fermented apples . The rest of the time , moose can be hard to find , blending into their native habitat with surprising ease for such a large animal . One of the best places to see them is the Bergslagen forest  wolves and beaver also inhabit the forest  , two hours ' drive from Stockholm . From the Kolarbyn Eco Lodge  Skarsjon , 73992 Skinnskatteberg ; +46704007053  -- billed in self-deprecating style as "  Sweden 's most primitive hotel " -- you can set off on a twilight moose-spotting walk with every chance of seeing groups of up to 20 of the magnificent beasts . When to go : August-September is the best time to see big bull with mighty antlers . Getting there : Skinskatteberg train station is two kilometers from the eco-lodge . Lynx  Spain Fewer than 250 Iberian lynx survive in the wild -- most in the Mediterranean forests of the Sierra Morena , in Andalusia , and in the grasslands and pine woods of the Coto Donana , close to the mouth of the River Guadalquivir . You need to spend up to a week  and rise before dawn  in the Sierra de Andujar Natural Park or the Donana National Park to maximize your chances of seeing Europe 's only big cat . If lynx fail to show up , you may see mouflon , red and fallow deer , wild boar and spectacular birds , including black vulture , griffon vulture , imperial eagle and -- in the coastal wetlands of the Coto Donana -- flamingos . When to go : all year . Sierra de Andujar Natural Park Visitor Center , Las Vinas de Penallana , kilometer 13 , Highway A6177 , approximately 100 kilometers east of Cordoba ; +34953549030 Coto Donana National Park Visitor Center , La Rocina , approximately 130 kilometers southwest of Seville ; +34959442340 Wild horses , wild cattle  Netherlands It 's a bizarre sight . In a feral enclave surrounded by the most artificial landscape in Europe -- those parts of the Netherlands reclaimed from the sea -- thousands of wild horses , red deer and Heck cattle roam . An expanse of almost 60 square kilometers of meadows and wetlands , Oostvardersplassen is the result of "  rewilding " an area of land reclaimed from the sea that was originally zoned for industry . When the original plans remained undeveloped , Dutch scientists introduced deer , konik  "  little ponies "  from Poland and Heck cattle . The last are relics of a 20th-century German attempt to recreate the giant aurochs of northern Europe , extinct since the 17th century . Vast flocks of graylag geese add to the feeling that you 're deep in the wilderness . In fact , you 're just more than 60 kilometers from Amsterdam . When to go : all year , but best in spring and autumn . Oostvardersplassen Visitor Centre , Kitsweg 1 , 8218 AA Lelystad ; +31320254585 ; visit by guided walking tour only . Getting there : Almere Oostvardes train station is two kilometers from the visitor center . Bison  Poland , Belarus Straddling the border between northeast Poland and Belarus , the Bialowieza forest is Europe 's last remaining expanse of primeval woodland . It 's home to the only wild herd of European bison , also called wisent or , in Polish , zubr . About 450 of these huge , shaggy beasts live in Bialowieza National Park  +48856829700  on the Polish side of the border , where they plod through snow-covered meadows in winter and graze on bison grass in summer . The forest is also home to elk , red and roe deer , wild boar , wolf , beaver and lynx -- but the bison is the big ticket attraction . When to go : all year round , but best between May and September . Getting there : Bialowieza is about 260 kilometers  4 hours , 20 minutes ' drive  east of Warsaw . By rail to Hajnowka , then bus to Bialowieza village . Mouflon  Corsica Corsica 's rugged , sparsely populated interior provides a refuge for one of Europe 's most striking mountain mammals : the mouflon . Much of the island 's fierce hinterland is contained within the Natural Regional Park of Corsica , where maquis scrub and high pine forests provide a refuge for the endemic wild sheep that 's the island 's emblem . Beneath the towering 2,710-meter summit of Mt. Cinio , the high alpine meadows of the Asco Valley are home to Corsica 's biggest mouflon population . When to go : spring and autumn . Maison du Mouflon et de la Nature , Mairie d'Asco , Asco ; +33 495 47 82 07 ; about 70 kilometers west of Bastia Brown bear  Finland The swathes of uninhabited taiga along Finland 's border with Russia are the best place in Europe to see brown bear close up . In summer , you can hope to see as many as 20 bears in one night at the Martinselkosen Wilds Center  Pirttivaarantie 131 , Ruhtinansalmi ; +3588736160  -- wolf and wolverine are sometimes seen here , too . Females with cubs make their appearance in June , adolescents turn up throughout the summer , big males come and go . You 'll be watching at night from a carefully camouflaged  and comfortable  hide . Bears are likely to be 10-30 meters away from you , but with luck -- and if you stay quiet and still -- they may come closer . When to go : May to mid-August . Getting there : flights and trains from Helsinki to Kajaani , 160 kilometers south of Pirttivaarantie .	Spotting polar bear in Norway 's Svalbard , you have to carry a rifle by law Bison roam Eastern Europe 's last patch of primeval forest Rare Iberian lynx reward the wait in Spain
CNN  Students en route to Yangon , Myanmar , to protest an education bill were met with violence from police Tuesday , according to multiple media reports and international watch groups . "  We all watched while a young man was beaten extremely hard and repeatedly by about three or four policemen in heavy riot gear , " U Zarni , a spokesman for the Cooperative Committee for Trade Unions , told CNN . Students are seeking changes to an education bill that they say limits academic freedom and have been in negotiations with authorities , but these have been curbed because of the crackdown . The violence Tuesday occurred in Letpadan , a town of about 145 kilometers  90 miles  north of Yangon , the nation 's largest city . The students ' march began in Mandalay , about 640 kilometers  400 miles  north of Yangon . Zarni said the students had been "  given the red light " on proceeding to Yangon . "  They had decided they would drive into the city , meet with other students there for 15 minutes of talks and then disperse , " Zarni said . "  But within about an hour of being given this information , they were told that was n't the case . " "  Some students decided they would try , thinking the police would just take them away , but the police were so brutal . " Police arrested about 40 to 50 people , according to Zarni . "  They broke a reporter 's camera and cheered about it . They hit women . They hit monks who were also there . They went into the monastery and detained everyone who had run to hide in there , " Zarni said . Human rights issues have been at the forefront in Myanmar , also known as Burma , as the country emerges from decades of authoritarian military rule , with elections planned for late this year . "  The public and we are losing confidence in the democratic transitions , " Zarni said . Khin Lay , director of the Triangle Women Support Group , agreed . "  Students , human rights , women 's rights -- we 're all extremely angry about the way we have been treated over the years , " said Lay . "  But we 've been waiting for the 2015 elections with patience because we believe in the democracy movement , and we 're hoping that we have the opportunity to exercise our right to vote . So they should show us some respect , too . "	Police in town north of Yangon , Myanmar , crack down on students marching in protest of an education bill "  The public and we are losing confidence in the democratic transitions , " says trade unions spokesman
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- An emotional Oscar Pistorius apologized Monday to the family of Reeva Steenkamp , the girlfriend he killed on Valentine 's Day last year , saying he woke up thinking of them and praying for them every day . "  I would like to take this opportunity to apologize -- to Mr. and Mrs. Steenkamp , to Reeva 's family -- to those who are here today who knew her , " Pistorius said as he took the stand for the first time at his murder trial . "  I ca n't imagine the pain and the sorrow and the emptiness that I have caused you and your family . ... I can promise you that when she went to bed that night , she felt loved , " he said , his voice breaking as if he was fighting back tears . It was the first time he has spoken in public about Steenkamp 's death , which he says was an accident . He pleaded not guilty to murder when the high-profile trial opened last month . Steenkamp 's mother , June , sat stony-faced in court as South Africa 's onetime Olympic golden boy choked out his statement . Judge Thokozile Masipa also betrayed no emotion as Pistorius spoke but did once ask him to talk louder , saying she could hardly hear him . Monday was the first day of the defense phase of the trial , following three weeks of prosecution in March . Pistorius , who says he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder in his house in the dark , testified that he has been suffering nightmares since the killing and wakes up smelling blood . He told the Pretoria court that he is afraid to sleep , and "  if I hear noise , I wake up just in a complete state of terror . " He said he is on medication , including an antidepressant and sleeping aids . Earlier , the first defense witness , pathologist Jan Botha , talked about the wounds Steenkamp suffered when Pistorius shot her and about when she last ate . The South African amputee sprinter put his head in his hands as Botha said that the shot that hit Steenkamp 's arm was "  akin to a traumatic amputation " and that she died "  fairly quickly after sustaining the head wound . " Botha went first because of "  family health reasons , " Roux said , breaking with the South African legal custom of the defendant testifying first . He said Botha was the only defense witness who will go "  out of order . " Childhood remembered Pistorius , 27 , is accused of intentionally murdering Steenkamp , 29 . The defense team will call 14 to 17 witnesses , Barry Roux , Pistorius ' lead lawyer , said as he opened his case . The prosecution rested its case on March 25 after 15 days and 21 witnesses . Oscar Pistorius on trial : Explore each side 's case Pistorius took the stand late Monday morning after the pathologist finished his testimony . Roux spent much of the day trying to build up a picture of Pistorius as a dedicated athlete , responsible person and devoted Christian who was "  bowled over " by his love for Steenkamp . Pistorius was also prompted to talk about his awareness of crime , including having come to the aid of victims of crime . Talking about his childhood , Pistorius said his mother kept a firearm in a padded bag under her pillow . His father was often not around , and Pistorius said his mother would sometimes wake her children up , thinking they were being burgled . He said she was very supportive of him and "  never made me feel any different from the rest of the kids . " "  Everything I learned in life , I learned from her , " he said . He spoke about her death when he was 15 and attending boarding school . He did not know she was sick until he got a call asking him to come visit her at a hospital , he said . Later , he got a call from doctors telling him to come immediately and arrived when she was on her deathbed . She died 10 minutes after he arrived , Pistorius testified . She had encouraged him to be a normal child and participate in sports despite his disability , he said . Roux took him through his athletic triumphs , including his success as a Paralympic sprinter , but also highlighted times he felt vulnerable or afraid . He was badly injured in a boating accident in 2009 , he said , which left him "  a lot more vigilant about losing my life ... more fearful . " And he said he can not stand still without his prosthetics on . "  I do n't have balance on my stumps , " he said . "  I ca n't stand still on my stumps . " That could be a key to his defense . He says he fired his gun because he would have been unable to defend himself or run away when he heard what he thought was a burglar . Roux asked for court to adjourn for the day about 20 minutes early after Pistorius testified that he did not sleep the previous night . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel seemed to be on the verge of objecting when Masipa intervened , saying , "  He does look exhausted . " The trial is due to resume Tuesday morning . Trial to last until mid-May Pistorius admits that he killed Steenkamp , firing four shots through a closed door in his house in the early hours of February 14 , 2013 . Three hit her , with the last one probably killing her almost instantly , according to the pathologist who performed the autopsy . But Pistorius says he thought she was a nighttime intruder in his pitch-black house and believed he was firing in self-defense . The trial , which began on March 3 , is scheduled to continue until the middle of May . Pistorius first achieved global fame as an outstanding double-amputee sprinter who ran with special prostheses that earned him the nickname "  Blade Runner . " Masipa will decide the verdict in collaboration with two experts called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . In South Africa , premeditated murder carries a mandatory life sentence with a minimum of 25 years in prison . Pistorius also could get five years for each of two unrelated gun indictments and 15 years for a firearms charge he also faces . If he is n't convicted of premeditated murder , the sprinter could face a lesser charge of culpable homicide , a crime based on negligence . The sentence for culpable homicide is at the judge 's discretion . Reeva to Oscar Pistorius : ` I 'm scared of you sometimes ' Gory details lend Oscar Pistorius trial a ` CSI ' flavor Ex-police commander 's testimony aids defense at Oscar Pistorius ' murder trial CNN 's Richard Allen Greene reported and wrote from London ; Nicola Goulding reported from Pretoria , South Africa ; and Emily Smith reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian and legal analyst Kelly Phelps contributed to this report .	Oscar Pistorius starts with apology , saying he can not imagine the pain he caused Defense witness is questioned about Reeva Steenkamp 's wounds , when she last ate Pistorius defense teams will call 14 to 17 witnesses , lawyer Barry Roux says Pistorius says he thought Steenkamp was an intruder and shot in self-defense
CNN Student News  -- September 22 , 2014 This Monday , we 're all about geography , history , politics , and happiness . We start in a South Asian country that has two new leaders . We update you on a momentous vote in Scotland . And we explain how a border dispute coincided with a meeting focused on trade and cooperation between the world 's two most populous countries . Also featured : how happiness may start with our outlook . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Oso , Washington  CNN  -- Among the mounds of mud and ripped-down trees , you see an occasional appliance , a tire here and there , the twisted cables that used to be part of the telephone system . What you do n't see are homes . They are gone . And it is difficult to even figure out where they once stood and what became of them . The sheer force of a landslide on March 22 pulverized this neighborhood in rural Washington , leaving behind a graveyard in the debris where 28 bodies have been recovered and where crews painstakingly search for people who are listed as missing . On that awful Saturday , a rain-saturated hillside along the north fork of the Stillaguamish River gave way , sending a square-mile rush of wet earth and rock into the outskirts of the town of Oso in Washington 's North Cascade Mountains . Since then , rescuers have trudged through the muck -- 70 feet thick in some places -- looking for bodies , though some cling to hope someone might be found alive even 10 days later . The death toll in the massive landslide rose to 28 , the Snohomish County Medical Examiner 's Office said Tuesday afternoon . The latest victim identified was Adam Farnes , a 23-year-old who died at a hospital on the day of the slide . His name was not on the list of the missing . Authorities so far have released the names of 22 deceased victims , ranging in age from 4 months to 71 years . Twenty people remain missing , down from 22 on Monday , authorities said . ` These are our people ' : Residents unite to help Washington landslide victims Tough , nasty , dangerous conditions About 600 people , including more than 100 volunteers , and cadaver dogs are involved in the search , officials have said . The debris field is full of toxic sludge -- a combination of human waste , toxic chemicals from households , propane tanks , oil and gas that make the search extremely dangerous , according to Lt. Richard Burke of the Bellevue Fire Department , who is the spokesman for efforts on the western side of the mile-wide slide . Every person , animal and thing that comes out of the field has to be decontaminated . Some of the workers have come down with dysentery , while supervisors are concerned that others may be at risk for tetanus . Some of the areas in the search zone are too unstable for crews to work there . It would be like working in quicksand , Burke said . It smells of sewage , but more than a week after the slide , it 's not a strong odor , and the dogs , who can detect humans 10 feet under the surface , are undeterred . Two of the nine dogs involved in Monday 's search were suffering the effects of hypothermia , the coordinators of the landslide recovery teams said in a statement on the Snohomish County website . Some of the volunteers are aiding in the recovery of family mementos from the debris . The sounds of chainsaws fill the air , as do the rumbling motors of the excavating equipment , which grabs large objects like trees and moves them to the side . Then other people move in for a hand search or a visual inspection of a plot . Orange ribbons mark the grid , indicating areas that have been checked , while some indicate a find of interest . Boards are placed over the thick slop , making a wooden path for workers to walk . One of the biggest challenges has been standing water , but warmer temperatures and a lack of rain have helped workers , who are running pumps all day long to drain areas of the debris field . Areas that were submerged 24 hours prior were able to be searched on Tuesday . Two U.S. flags fly among the men and women working in the field . One , recovered from the debris , hangs in remembrance of lives lost . The other is at half-staff on the lone tree left standing in this part of the slide zone . Who are the victims ? CNN 's Jason Hanna and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Two U.S. flags fly above the workers in the field , one was found in a debris pile Excavators move large objects to the side , then teams go in for a hand search Large appliances and tires are part of the scene of devastation Twenty people still are missing , authorities said
CNN  -- "  It could have been the secret to my success or the secret to my demise , " a wistful Serena Williams says of her 2013 season . The irresistible force in women 's tennis is talking about her record-breaking year , one in which she vowed to play more than she ever had done previously . It was a decision that paid huge dividends . Not only did her victories at the French Open and U.S. Open take her grand slam tally to 17 , she also successfully defended her season-ending WTA Championships crown . She claimed 11 titles in 2013 -- the best return in the women 's game for 16 years -- adding $ 12.3 million in prize money to what has become a very healthy bank balance over the years . Far from slowing down , Williams has a new spring in her step at the age of 32 . Her 17 major titles mean she is just one behind Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova and within sight of Steffi Graf , out in front on 22 grand slam titles in the post-1968 Open era . "  It is getting exciting , " Williams told CNN . "  I have four grand slams next year to try and at least catch up with Martina and Chrissy so it will be really exciting . "  Hopefully I can do it but really being here 17 is fun , obviously I want more and I never want to stop until I reach my goals . "  I 'm excited about just looking forward to the possibilities of next year . "  I started with 15 and this year I 'm starting with 17  next year  so hopefully I can win a couple -- one , two or three , who knows ? Any would be good for me . " Serena 's career has been transformed since she teamed up with coach Patrick Moratoglou after a demoralizing first round defeat at the 2012 French Open . Having tumbled to 175 in the world after a series of injury-hit seasons , he helped Serena roar back to the top of the game ; if and when Serena breaks 18 , his pride will be immeasurable too . "  Martina and Chris , they are legends , so to have Serena part of this small group means a lot , " Frenchman Moratoglou said . "  It means a lot to her too that she 's only one grand slam away to reach them and then maybe to overtake them it 's an option that you can really think about it . "  There will be a lot of emotion when she 'll be close to winning the next grand slam and sitting next to those great champions , but she can make it . "  Steffi is a bit far away still . I think it 's too early to speak about Steffi -- she has 22 -- so  Serena  has to win five more and six more to overtake Steffi so that 's a long way . "  I think it 's important not to look at the mountain when you want to climb it , just the next step . " Moratoglou is from the school of thought that a defeat , however painful , can provide an important reality check and provoke an elite athlete into a drive to ensure it is n't repeated . That pivotal reverse to Virginie Razzano at the French Open last year spurred Williams on to a spike in form and another shock grand slam exit -- to Sabine Lisicki at Wimbledon this year -- acted as a similar catalyst . "  It was definitely motivating -- I definitely learnt a lot from that match , " Williams explains of her defeat to the German in round four . "  It was n't good that I lost but it was good that I was able to learn from that loss and I was able to do better and I won some matches because of that loss so I guess it helped me out . " And though Serena is quick to pay tribute to her team from agent to coach , hitting partner to physio , she also revealed that she still leans on the support of her mum , who was with her during her triumphant WTA Championships campaign , and dad to help her game . She said : "  I called my dad every match at the U.S. Open from the third round on , he really helped me in that tournament , and he really helped me behind the scenes to win some matches . "  I was really happy to have the support and have his help and so yeah I definitely rely on my dad and my dad for a lot of coaching . "	Serena Williams tells CNN 2013 season was make or break for her career World No. 1 decided to pack her schedule and had her most successful year Williams won the French Open , U.S. Open and season finale WTA Championships Serena hoping to draw level with Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova on 18 slams
CNN  -- Urban transport in Bolivia 's administrative capital of La Paz has always been about what goes up and down . Situated in a deep canyon more than 10,000 feet above sea level , the Andean metropolis is one of the highest cities in the world . Densely populated barrios  neighborhoods  occupy the hills encompassing the bustling city center , rising a further 1,400 feet towards the satellite town of El Alto . While these lofty locations create a dramatic setting -- particularly at night when the slopes are illuminated by thousands of house and street lights -- servicing them with reliable transit services has long proven difficult . Bus journeys that are only a few miles long can often take up to an hour during busy periods as heavy traffic clogs the city 's steep and narrow streets . See also : Silk Road Railways link Asia and Europe Come the second half of 2014 , however , an all-new system of mass transportation is set to reduce the burden on these chaotic roadways . The La Paz urban gondola will consist of three separate service lines stretching across a combined 10.7 kilometer  6.1 mile  area of the city . These giant structures , most commonly associated with ski-resorts or mountaintop tourist spots , will cater for a combined hourly capacity of 9,000 passengers and come in at a reported cost of $ 235 million dollars . With individual pods traveling at a speed of 18 kilometers per hour  11 mph  , the gondola aims to offer a transit system many times faster than more traditional modes of city transportation . As it currently stands , "  one person coming in the morning from El Alto to the south area spends between one and a half and two hours to reach his destination , " explained Javier Telleria , CEO of Doppelmayr Bolivia , the company behind the project . With the gondola , this same journey will "  take 24 minutes . " "  The capacity may be lower when compared to a metro line or a railway but these options are not suitable on these slopes , " he added . "  They are also much cheaper and cause less disruption during the building process as they can be built in a straight line and take up a fraction of the space that a road or railway line would require . " Socio-economic benefits These sentiments were echoed by Michael McDaniel , a designer from innovation firm Frog Design and advocate of an urban gondola for Austin , Texas , in an interview with Marketplace earlier this year . He estimated that the cost of building a gondola comes in at between $ 3 million and $ 12 million per mile , comparing favorably against $ 400 million per mile for subway systems and $ 36 million per mile for light rail systems . See also : Introducing the world 's biggest ship Cost benefits like these have been key in convincing South American cities like La Paz that urban gondolas are a viable and economical transport solution . Rio de Janeiro , Medellin and Caracas have all introduced similar systems in recent years . When these projects have been successful , they have brought with them a wide range of social and economic benefits . Medellin 's Metrocable , which connects some of the city 's poorest districts with its main metro line , was even recognized as a key factor in the Colombian city winning the prestigious Urban Land Institute ` Most Innovative City of the Year ' award in early 2013 . Marketing executive at Doppelmayr , Ekkehard Assmann , meanwhile speaks of private compliments the company received from Venezuelan officials regarding the Caracas "  Teleferico " project and how it has "  increased economic opportunity " as well as "  lowered crime rates " in many poorer and previously disconnected areas where stations are located . Bridging urban islands For Steven Dale , founder of the Canada based website , The Gondola Project , these observations speak to the wider benefits of gondolas when introduced into the right type of urban environment . "  Being able to connect people from an island , which is what these barrios often are , to the wider city where they can access economic , social and cultural opportunities , that 's the real value , " Dale said . "  You would n't have been able to do it in certain places without a cable car " due to the various building and topographical challenges , he added . See also : Could drones be the new highways ? Such positive social outcomes have got other cities around the world thinking about their own transport needs and the potential benefits urban gondolas can bring . Projects are reportedly in the works in the likes of Lagos in Nigeria and the city of Toulouse in France , according to The Gondola Project . Whether these ventures meet with the same success however is far from certain . The London legacy Many skeptics point to the "  cable car " system built in East London to connect the O2 Arena and the ExCel Exhibition Centre across the River Thames during the 2012 Olympic Games as an example of an urban gondola project gone wrong . Although used by large numbers of people during the Olympics , passenger numbers today are a fraction of what they were when the facility first opened , according to figures provided to CNN by local politicians . The surrounding area is connected to major tube and light railway transport routes but is not home to a large residential population that would have any practical need to use the structure frequently , explained London Assembly member , John Biggs . "  It 's a nice bit of tourist infrastructure but it 's not a serious mass transit solution in this part of London , " Biggs said . "  It has an annual operating cost which is a six figure sum . This is massively greater than the revenue from fares income . " See also : 8 spectacular infrastructure projects Although critical of the London project , Biggs believes the gondola concept itself can still offer a valuable urban transit option if constructed in locations where there is demand and the economic case can be justified . "  Many towns  in South America  have quite a hilly landscape and they are a good way of getting people out to the suburbs , " he said . "  There are  also  other parts of the world like across shipping lanes where they can in fact be quite useful , but none of these things really applied to London , " Biggs added .	An urban gondola 10.7 kilometers in length is being designed and built in the Bolivian city of La Paz Medellin , Rio de Janeiro and Caracas have already installed similar structures as modes of mass city transportation Those behind the La Paz project hope it will reduce traffic congestion and connect some of the city 's poorest areas
The chilling images from North Korea brought back memories from one of the most disturbing and important moments of none other than Saddam Hussein 's tactics for establishing his iron-clad rule of Iraq . The young North Korean leader , Kim Jong Un , it appears , has learned from the most ruthless and long-lasting of modern dictators . On Monday , North Korea 's citizens saw what would have seemed impossible just a few months ago : The man who had stood at Kim 's side since he came to power , his uncle Jang Song Thaek , publicly humiliated in a shake-up that signaled a fierce power struggle and sent a stern message to the country and the world . The televised footage showed what unfolded during the meeting of the party 's Central Committee , reportedly the day before . In a room of stunned party members , two uniformed soldiers grabbed Jang -- until recently the country 's second most powerful man -- and took him away after he was accused of betraying Kim and the revolution . Just a few days later , on Thursday , the North Korea government-controlled Korean Central News Agency reported that Jang had been executed for betraying the regime : "  Despicable human scum Jang , who was worse than a dog , perpetrated thrice-cursed acts of treachery in betrayal of such profound trust and warmest paternal love shown by the party and the leader for him . " Decades-old grainy black and white images from Iraq tell a similar story of power and intrigue whose consequences are now well-known . On July 22 , 1979 , during a meeting of Iraq 's Baath Party , the names of 60 top party leaders labeled traitors were read as , one by one , the terrified men were removed from the hall . That footage was also distributed widely -- a sign to all that Hussein would let no one stand in his way , instilling fear even among the most powerful in the country . It was a moment that as much as any other cemented Hussein 's rule for almost a quarter of a century . In keeping with the totalitarians ' textbook , the North Korean regime denounced Kim 's uncle in language that would be familiar to those who have lived under the worst dictatorships . The masterpiece of totalitarian prose , published for all to read in the state media , accused Jang of leading a "  dissolute and depraved life . " It condemns him for pretending to support Kim while "  dreaming different dreams , " and living a life of corruption , ambition , drug use , "  wining and dining at back parlors and deluxe restaurants , " as well as "  gambling in foreign casinos at the party 's expense " and being "  affected by the capitalist way of living . " Kim 's uncle , the regime charges , was "  behaving against the elementary sense of moral obligation and conscience of a human being . " Most of all , Jang -- married to the sister of Kim 's late father , former leader Kim Jong Il -- is accused of planning to challenge his nephew and undermine him as "  unitary center " of the state . It 's a stunning ledger of charges and one that makes no effort to conceal there is a power struggle in North Korea . Tellingly , the accusations speak of a Jang Song Thaek "  group , " which suggests the purge is far from over . There have already been reports that a couple of Jang associates were executed . State media has followed the reports with a scrubbing of the files . Jang is being erased from the records . The man who stood at Kim 's side when his father died is being Photoshopped out of existence . All mentions of him -- except for the condemnations -- are disappearing from the website of the Korean Central News Agency . And every photograph is now suddenly , and not-so-mysteriously , free of his image . He has even been deleted from a recent documentary about Kim Jong Un . The question is what comes next : What does this mean for the millions of North Koreans living under Kim 's brutal rule ? How does this execution and purge affect nuclear-armed North Korea 's behavior on the global stage ? Jang was known as something of a reformer , although that term must be viewed within the context of the totalitarian regime . He supported limited market reforms and reportedly opposed Pyongyang 's nuclear test earlier this year -- both positions that put him at odds with the military . There is little doubt that Jang 's execution strengthens the military 's hand . The experience from Iraq suggests that a reign of fear among the powerful serves only to entrench the harshest policies . High-ranking officials , worried about appearing weak or disloyal , will be more reluctant to suggest reforms that loosen the regime 's grip . That is dismal news for those who live in a state that is the world 's worst violator of human rights . A new report from Amnesty International says as many as 200,000 North Koreans , including children , the elderly and generations of families live in prison camps where they routinely endure torture , starvation and worse . Life outside the camps is also subject to harsh conditions for most North Koreans . When the younger Kim came to power in 2011 after his father died , some held hope that his time living in Switzerland had instilled reformist instincts , expecting he would moderate domestic policies and undertake more conciliatory actions toward the rest of the world . But so far , he has proven as defiant and inflexible as his father and grandfather . In a major crisis a year ago , he launched long-range missiles and later detonated a nuclear weapon and then threatened a nuclear attack against the U.S. and South Korea . Kim may now want to prevent anyone from taking advantage of turmoil in Pyongyang with another show of force . It is not clear what exactly caused the high-level purge . The military might have triggered and won the clash with Jang . Some suggest Kim may now be a figurehead in a military-led regime , but he already reshuffled the military command . He appears to be in control . More likely , however , Kim is consolidating power , much like Hussein did in 1979 . He is building his own inner circle of trustworthy loyalists and daring anyone to defy him . The young heir who rose to power two years ago under the protection of an experienced uncle is sending notice that he is not a child any more . The dictator is all grown up and settling in for a long time in power .	Kim Jong Un accused his uncle of betrayal ; North Korea media say uncle was executed Frida Ghitis : This tactic used by Saddam Hussein in consolidating his power Ghitis : Kim 's uncle was accused of living in depravity ; now , the military is in charge Kim is sending a brutal message that he will punish any whisper of dissent , Ghitis says
CNN  The blizzard of 2015 is n't done yet . While sparing much of New York and New Jersey , the much talked-about storm managed to wallop parts of New England on Tuesday . And even after producing coastal flooding and dropping several feet of snow  including 30 inches in Framingham , Massachusetts , and up to 6-foot drifts statewide  , there 's more to come . "  We fully expect that there are parts of eastern and central Massachusetts where people may get ... another 5 to 10 inches of snow , " Gov. Charlie Baker said around midday . " ... And there are areas around eastern Massachusetts , at this point , that you would probably describe as being in a whiteout-type condition . " Massachusetts was n't the only state getting hit hard Tuesday afternoon . The National Weather Service has also reported about 16 inches of snow in Portland , Maine ; over 21 inches in Hudson , New Hampshire ; and 28 1/2 inches in Orient on New York 's Long Island . It 's not just the snow . East-facing coastal areas -- already coping with early morning flooding , heavy snow and potent winds -- are bracing for a new high tide and the storm surge expected with it around 5 p.m. Nantucket and its 15,000 residents "  lost power to the entire island , " said police Chief William Pittman , a situation he attributed to sustained winds of roughly 50 mph , punctuated by gusts of around 80 mph . National Grid had restored electricity , using generators , to most of them by noon , state emergency management director Kurt Schwartz said , though a more permanent solution was still probably a day away . On Massachusetts ' South Shore , the ocean roared inland to flood the Brant Rock Esplanade lined with homes and businesses . The town 's police department posted a photo of what it called a "  major seawall breach  that  caused structural damage " to an unoccupied home , while authorities in neighboring Duxbury showed a deck blown yards away from a home . And not far away in Scituate , slushy ice , seawater and debris clogged streets . "  And they 're talking about another wave  of snow  , " said Jim Cantwell , a state representative for both Marshfield and Scituate . On the northern edge of the storm in Maine , Rockland resident Steve DePasa said at 1 p.m. that up to 15 inches of snow was already on the ground , and "  we 're expected to get another 10 inches . " So what can you do in the meantime , besides pray that the power stays on ? "  It 's just go out and clean up a little bit so you can , " said DePasa , a CNN iReporter . "  Then wait a few hours and do it again . " The good news ? Most people seemed to have heeded the warnings about the storm , which was forecast as "  crippling " and "  potentially historic , " by stocking up and staying off the roads . If you go through this every year , after all , there 's a good chance you 'll know the drill . "  During these storms , everybody has to hunker down and just be safe , " said Bob Connors from Plum Island , on Massachusetts ' North Shore . "  We 've become pretty proficient at that . " While residents of Rhode Island and Massachusetts battled Tuesday 's storm , others in the Northeast -- namely people in New York and New Jersey -- were breathing a sigh of relief . Compare that with a day earlier , when they 'd have been more likely to be hyperventilating , given the all but cataclysmic warnings about the coming storm . They were told it could turn 58 million people 's lives upside down . Seven states , from New Jersey to New Hampshire , declared states of emergency . School was called off for not just Tuesday but Wednesday as well . Public transit shut down . Businesses closed , suggesting a far-reaching economic impact in one of America 's busiest commercial regions . Yet by mid-morning , snow was n't even falling in New York City . By then , travel bans in New Jersey and New York -- even places like Long Island 's Islip , which got more than 20 inches of snow -- had been lifted , as some restrictions remained in effect in neighboring Connecticut . New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio called all the warning and preparations "  a better safe than sorry scenario . " "  We 've dodged the bullet , " he told CNN . "  This is nothing like we feared it would be . " The forecast even improved for Boston . Once expected to see up to 30 inches of snow , the prediction for the Massachusetts capital was downgraded to 15 to 25 inches early Tuesday . Still , 2 feet of snow is n't anything to scoff at . Just ask all those who had their cars snowed in , their front doors blocked and their backyards littered with branches Tuesday . "  The worst part is the steady winds , I think they were approaching 50 mph , " said Pittman , Nantucket 's police chief . The storm has also proved dangerous . A 17-year-old died after he hit something while snow-tubing Monday night in Huntington , New York , Suffolk County 's Tim Sini said . And an 83-year-old man who suffered from dementia was found frozen to death in his backyard in the same Long Island county , he added . In Marshfield , Massachusetts , there are worries that homes and businesses along the coast could experience significant damage due to the deteriorating seawall . "  If you do n't have that line of defense , then you could have severe damage and homes that will fall into the ocean , " said Cantwell . "  Without the seawall , you 'd have tremendous erosion . " Even New Englanders who live further inland are n't out of the woods yet . Worcester , Massachusetts , had 25 inches around midday Tuesday , with another 6 inches expected as the afternoon rolled on , Mayor Joseph Petty said . Crews are already trying to clear streets , but it 's not easy . "  The biggest problem we have now is the winds putting the snow back on the streets after we plow them , " Petty told CNN . "  We have about 35 - to 50-mph winds , which are supposed to slow down as well . " Yet , as Hartford Mayor Pedro Segarra points out , local authorities ca n't let up -- not if they want life to go back to normal anytime soon . "  We do n't have an option . When it snows , we have to clear the streets , " he said . And if you 're trying to escape this wintry mess , do n't count on it . Traffic crawled on everything from side roads to highways -- including the Massachusetts Turnpike , which was closed to traffic as of early Tuesday afternoon -- and many public transit systems shut down . Amtrak was also affected , suspending Northeast Regional and Acela Express services between New York and Boston for Tuesday because of the weather . Flying out was n't an option due to the combination of stiff winds , heavy snows and ice . What to know if you 're traveling More than 4,700 flights in and out of the United States had already been canceled as of 2:15 p.m. Tuesday , the flight-tracking website Flightaware.com reported . That 's on top of 2,800 scrubbed Monday . Hundreds more have already been called off for Wednesday . Some airports turned into makeshift shelters , whether folks liked it or not . A Virgin Atlantic New York-to-London flight was delayed for roughly 6 hours Monday due to an ill passenger , bad weather , mechanical problems and other issues . By the time the flight was finally canceled around midnight , roads were closed and passengers had to stay at New York 's Kennedy airport overnight , according to the airline . By early Tuesday afternoon , incoming flights began arriving again at New York 's LaGuardia airport . Delta tweeted that it would have a limited number of flights landing at Kennedy and Newark Liberty in nearby northern New Jersey as well . The storm warnings seemed to impress even the most jaded Northeasterner , as groceries flew off store shelves from Brooklyn to Bangor . Still , it 's not like everyone was shaking in their snow boots . As Steve Nogueira , a retired meteorologist who lives in Taunton , Massachusetts , said , "  We 've done it before . " And the coastal city of Portsmouth , New Hampshire , could soon be shaking for a different reason . Hundreds have accepted an invitation , via Facebook , to a massive community snowball fight -- one that organizer Devin Murphy joked is in the proud tradition dating back to around 1624 , when the city was first settled . Murphy said parents have asked if their kids are welcome . They are , he said , and the snow should be light and less dangerous . Some of the bars in the small , close-knit New England community will be open to cater to the snowball fight warriors . Murphy called the response tremendous , especially compared with what he got the last two times he tried to organize such an event . "  At this point , it 's just going to be fun , " he said . Fresh off snowblowing his driveway , Jim Robins estimated about 2 feet of light , fluffy snow had fallen outside his home in Dover , New Hampshire . That 's hardly a dusting , but it 's also not surprising when you live in New England . "  Sure , that 's a lot , but I have tons of family in Buffalo and they were dealing with 6-10 feet of  snow  at the start of the season , " Robins said . " ... We will weather this like the New Englanders we are . " CNN 's Ed Payne , Josh Levs , Ralph Ellis , Ashley Fantz , Sara Ganim , Joe Sutton , Dana Ford , Aaron Cooper , Joshua Gaynor , Taylor Ward , Teri Genova and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Flights begin arriving again at New York 's LaGuardia airport Massachusetts governor : 5 to 10 inches more snow could fall in parts of state "  This is nothing like we feared it would be , " New York 's mayor says of the impact on his city
CNN  -- Can a quasi-mystical system rooted in ancient philosophies bring enlightenment , efficiency and a better bottom line to organizations ? For a growing number of companies across the world , the answer seems to be yes . From small businesses in Europe to U.S. government departments , a popularized personality typing system , known as the enneagram , is being promoted , with claims that it improves teamwork , communication and leadership . "  The enneagram " refers to an ancient symbol -- a circle inscribed with nine points -- with each point indicating a different personality type , driven by a set of fears , motivations and behaviors . Key to the system is that when you understand these , you can change and direct your behavior in order to reach your full potential -- and bring it out in others . It might sound a little hokey to some , but a yearlong study conducted in 2004 by Saville & Holdsworth reported that the enneagram is on par with the Myers-Briggs system , the Big Five and other well-known , accepted psychological systems . "  It is a sort of GPS of wisdom , " says Pernille Lauritsen , founder of Mindjuice , a leadership training company in Denmark that has used the enneagram for the past 7 years . "  It is a shortcut to understanding what drives people , and to discover strengths and blind spots around yourself and others . " Read more : Struggle fuels career growth Do you know someone who alphabetizes their spice cabinet ? They may be a type 1 , organized and ethical , with a strong sense of right and wrong . Often they are teachers , idealists , and advocates for change . The corporate boardroom is likely to be frequented by a number of type 8 personalities . Self-confident , protective and even heroic , under stress they can turn into ego-centric bullies who are secretive and fearful . "  The enneagram allows you to grasp the reality other people are living in , to see where they are coming from , their filters , their points of view -- and then speak directly to that , " says Helen Palmer , one of the worlds key authors and experts on the enneagram , and co-founder of the Enneagram Worldwide . The enneagram symbol has roots in antiquity and can be traced back to ancient Greece . But it was not until the 1960s when Bolivian philosopher Oscar Ichazo used it to explain the human psyche that it started to enter the mainstream . It was brought to the U.S. and popularized by a student of his , American-taught psychologist Claudio Naranjo , in 1971 . Palmer , who was among Naranjo 's first students , says the enneagram has since been given a major push by modern neuroscience . "  It proves we can retrain and improve our brains , " she says . Read more : What jazz musicians have in common with the best leaders Today , the system is used in therapy and education , and can have a strong spiritual dimension -- but one of the first and major fields of use is business , where it has been adapted as a way of bringing insight into oneself and others . It is typically done with a half-day to two-day course in which participants learn about the nine personality types , pinpoint their own and find out what makes them tick -- and ticked off . That knowledge , says Ramazan Turan , partner in Danish auditing firm Athos , is invaluable . During one particular conflict with a collaborator , he says he recognized that an underlying issue was not being addressed from the other 's viewpoint . "  Instead of arguing my case as I normally might have , I asked him what his real concern was , " he says . "  That simple shift created a completely different conversation that allowed us to address the real conflict and move on . " Read more : How CIA tricks help the best bosses A 2011 study by Enneagram in Business covering 72 companies , including Best Buy , Daimler-Mitsubishi , Toyota and Avon , found that using the enneagram led to better communication and collaboration , rising sales and increase in employee engagement . "  It is a language for figuring out what gets in the way of change and progress , " says Todd Pierce , former CIO of biotechnology company Genentech , who says it helped his management team resolve core issues in a matter of hours . But the system is not without its hitches , and its mystical background does raise some eyebrows . "  I do n't know that people are ready for this , " says Gus Kious , President of Summa Physicians in the U.S. , who has taught the system at hospitals and with senior management . "  The enneagram requires a degree of investment of time and self , and I get the sense that people are impatient . " Pierce however is an advocate of the system : "  You just have to try it . We live in a world that is becoming hyper-connected . We need to make sure we deal with the human software . "	The enneagram system sorts individuals into nine personality types In businesses , it has been adapted as a way of bringing insight into oneself and others A report shows it is on par with the Myers-Briggs system and other well-known psychological systems The system is typically taught in a half-day to two-day course
CNN  -- "  Breaking Bad , " it 's time for your curtain call . The addictive AMC series , which concluded last September , is expected to be one of the major frontrunners when the nominations are announced Thursday for the 66th Primetime Emmy Awards . Its final half-season , which earned both big ratings and critical plaudits , is just about guaranteed to earn the show another nomination for best drama -- and that 's only the start . Star Bryan Cranston , who already has four Emmy wins for the show , should easily nab another nod . Co-star Aaron Paul should get one as well . Altogether , the drama that turned "  Mr. Chips into Scarface , " in the description of creator Vince Gilligan , should make out quite well . "  Remember my name , " indeed . But it may face some stiff competition , especially since both the drama and comedy series categories have been expanded up to seven nominees this year . Here are some other Emmy storylines to pay attention to : 1 . "  True Detective " is on the case . The praise for the "  Breaking Bad " finale had barely started to die down when HBO 's "  True Detective " zipped into the zeitgeist . The first season , which starred Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson as two Louisiana homicide detectives -- one of them given to existential flights of fancy about life , the universe and nothingness -- may have actually helped win McConaughey an Oscar . Emmy voters have no doubt paid attention . 2 . The return of Netflix . If last year 's eight nominations for "  House of Cards " were n't enough , this year will likely bring more honors for the Washington-set drama and its Machiavellian characters . Moreover , the first season of "  Orange Is the New Black " -- which narrowly missed qualifying for last year 's Emmys -- is probably going to be in the thick of the comedy races , along with "  Louie , " "  Veep , " "  The Big Bang Theory " and "  Modern Family . "  "  Orange 's " second season , which was released on June 6 , will qualify for next year 's awards . 3 . Room for the offbeat . HBO 's "  Silicon Valley " might not be able to find a slot among the comedy series nominees , since there are more than enough viable candidates . But the late actor Christopher Evan Welch , who played the eccentric investor Peter Gregory in the show , might earn a nomination for his standout supporting work  if that 's not an oxymoron  . Similarly , Fox 's "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine " had an up-and-down season , with its surprise Golden Globe win contrasting with mediocre ratings and uneven scripts . That may not be enough to get it a best comedy series nomination . But the show does benefit from some great supporting characters , including Andre Braugher as Capt. Ray Holt and Chelsea Peretti as Gina Linetti , aka "  the Paris of people . " 4 . Remember "  Orphan Black " ! Last year the Outrage Machine  commonly known as "  the Internet "  was inflamed by the lack of attention paid to "  Orphan Black , " the thrilling BBC America series that stars Tatiana Maslany as several mysterious clones . Emmy probably wo n't have to be prompted twice ; the most recent season of "  Orphan " got plenty of exposure and Maslany 's face has been everywhere . The CNN 10 : Tatiana Maslany and more fresh faces to watch in 2014 5 . The big HBO movie . Every year HBO -- which , it should be noted , is a unit of Time Warner , as is CNN -- earns a bunch of nominations for one or more of its made-for-HBO movies and miniseries . Last year it was "  Behind the Candelabra . " Previous years have showered nominations on "  Game Change , " "  Angels in America , " "  Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee , " "  Grey Gardens " and "  John Adams . " This year , look to "  The Normal Heart , " the film version of Larry Kramer 's wrenching play about AIDS , to be among the leaders for total nominations , with stars Mark Ruffalo and Julia Roberts leading the way . With the movie category being separated from miniseries for the first time this year , look for shows like "  American Horror Story " and "  Fargo " to be recognized -- and have a shot of winning now . 6 . Leading women . Even with more nominees being named this year , the race for lead actress in a drama looks to be the most competitive . This is a good thing because there are standout performances from every corner of television . Emmy favorites like Claire Danes  "  Homeland "  , Kerry Washington  "  Scandal "  , Robin Wright  "  House of Cards "  , Julianna Margulies  "  The Good Wife "  and Elisabeth Moss  "  Mad Men "  could be upset by newcomers including the aforementioned Maslany , Lizzy Caplan  "  Masters of Sex "  , Michelle Dockery  "  Downton Abbey "  or Keri Russell  "  The Americans "  . Tell us , which actors and shows do you want to see honored by the Emmys tomorrow ? Fun facts about the Primetime Emmys Seth Meyers to host Emmys	Emmy nominations will be announced on July 10 "  Breaking Bad " expected to do very well ; last season was widely hailed and watched "  Orange Is the New Black 's " first season qualifies , will likely score nods Will there be room for "  Orphan Black " this time ?
CNN  -- A Montreal teacher has been suspended for showing his 10th grade students the killing and dismemberment video allegedly filmed by Canadian gay porn actor Luka Magnotta , the school board said on Wednesday The class viewing allegedly took place on the morning of June 4 , the same day German authorities captured Magnotta in a Berlin Internet caf  , ending an international manhunt for the suspected killer . Jun Lin , a 33-year-old student at Montreal 's Concordia University , was killed in late May in one of the city 's grisliest crimes in years . Police say they believe Magnotta killed and dismembered Lin and posted a 10-minute video of the slaying online . Montreal police Cmdr. Ian Lafreniere said the video shows Magnotta engaged in sexual acts involving body parts and included evidence of cannibalism . Victim 's family recalls his ` love of life ' "  At the beginning of class each day , history teachers from the school talk about actuality , what happens around Montreal , and that was part of the actuality that day , so he wanted to talk about it , and kids said that they wanted to watch it , so basically he just did what the kids wanted to do , " student Carole-Anne Bouchard-Giroux told CNN affiliate CTV . One of the vice principals at Cavelier-De LaSalle High School in Montreal overheard two students speaking between classes shortly after the incident , school board representative Jean-Michel Nahas said . The vice principal spoke to several students and decided during lunch to immediately suspend the teacher and launch an investigation . Around 20 students viewed the video , and at least six students sought help from a crisis team of psychologists and counselors that was made available to students after the incident , Nahas said . The 29-year-old suspended teacher wrote the vice principal an e-mail later in the day apologizing for his actions and was "  sorry for all the damages that could have been caused by the video , " Nahas said . Nahas said the school board is not releasing the teacher 's name because of the ongoing investigation . Nahas said he still was n't sure how the teacher was technically capable of showing the video . "  There are many filters on the computers at the school and when we tried to view it ourselves , we were not able to , " he said . "  It was impossible to view it -LSB- over the school Internet connection -RSB- so we do n't know how he was even able to . " Additional psychologists and counselors were made available to students again Wednesday because of the sudden media attention . The suspended teacher met with the school board Wednesday afternoon in Montreal . The board wants to know "  why he did it , if he has any justification of it , and what he has to say about it , " Nahas said while the meeting was in progress . A statement released after the meeting said the board met with the teacher , who presented his version of events . The school board will investigate further before deciding the fate of the teacher , the release said . The school and the board "  reiterate that this is an unconscionable act for which all consequences are considered , up to dismissal of the teacher , " the release said . The teacher is suspended with pay pending completion of the board 's investigation . Opinion : The sick fascination with a death video	Montreal school suspends teacher , is investigating incident Video allegedly shows Luka Magnotta performing sexual acts on body parts Teacher reportedly showed video as part of daily current events discussion
For the next three weeks at least , flying to and within China is going to be a stressful affair , for even the hardiest of travelers . Hundreds of flights were canceled or delayed Monday and China 's civil aviation regulator warned that more flights in 12 airports will be affected over the coming three weeks . The worst affected airports so far have been Shanghai 's two airports -- Pudong and Hongqiao -- two of the country 's busiest airline hubs . Another 120 flights were delayed for more than two hours . Domestic travelers have been switching to high-speed trains  Chinese only  after hearing of the widespread delays , leading to severe overcrowding on main rail routes some have likened to the Chinese New Year migration . Officials and airlines have shed little light on the reasons for the disruptions but local media have suggested the cause is due to military exercises . Speculation is rife on social media . "  Perhaps I 'm ill-informed but I 've never heard of any other countries ' military exercises affecting civil airlines on such a large scale , " posted user @luoyu on Weibo , China 's version of Twitter . "  I 've also never seen such vast adjustments affecting a quarter of civil airlines ' flights in China 's history . Whatever is causing the wide-scale delays , it 's making history . " What 's going on ? Local officials cited "  air traffic restrictions " while Shanghai-based China Eastern Airlines said "  the airspace was occupied , " according to the Shanghai Daily newspaper . "  Among situations for air traffic restrictions being imposed are when military maneuvers are taking place , " the newspaper added . CCTV , the state television channel , shared on its Weibo account -- China 's equivalent of Twitter -- a widely circulated memo , originally published on a Chinese flight crew blog , that said the civil aviation authority has requested airlines to reduce flights by 25 % in eastern China . Hundreds of flights to and from eastern China were canceled or delayed Monday , with 200 flights canceled at Pudong and Hongqiao . Flights departing from other eastern Chinese cities ' airports , including Nanjing and Hangzhou , were also affected . MORE : And the world 's best airline 2014 is ... Where to expect delays "  The following 12 airports will experience massive delays for 26 days ! Fliers , bring snacks and water ! " the CCTV post said . "  From July 20 to August 15 , operations of these airports -- including Shanghai Hongqiao , Shanghai Pudong , Nanjing , Hangzhou , Hefei , Jinan , Wuxi , Ningbo , Qingdao , Lianyungang , Zhengzhou and Wuhan -- will be affected by high-frequency exercises conducted by another party . All airlines are requested to reduce flights by 25 % and fliers are expected to face delays . " Officials at the Civil Aviation Administration of China declined to comment when approached by CNN . Past delays This is the second large-scale air traffic disruption in China in the last two weeks . More than 100 flights were canceled or delayed on July 14 in Shanghai . In December 2006 , Shanghai Pudong International Airport closed and hundreds of flights were canceled or delayed due to military exercises . Two Internet users have been held by police for allegedly fabricating and circulating "  anti-corruption-related " claims , according to Hong Kong newspaper South China Morning Post . The Internet users claimed the disruption was due to the arrest of a high-ranking government official trying to flee the country . Another 37 people were reprimanded in the crackdown against Internet "  rumor mongers , " according to SCMP . China 's air traffic woes continue Lengthy flight delays are common in China . The country 's largest airports , serving the mega-cities of Shanghai and Beijing , suffer some of the worst flight delays in the world . In June 2013 , Beijing 's Capital International Airport hit the bottom of a list of the world 's most delayed airports , according to U.S.-based air travel information service FlightStats . Just 18.3 % of flights from the airport left on time during that month and around 42 % of flights suffered delays of 45 minutes or longer . Second worst on the list was Shanghai 's Hongqiao , where just 24 % of flights departed on time . Overly cautious air traffic control and airspace restrictions for civilian aircraft are two of the reasons for these delays , but flights are also affected by thick smog and once , an unidentified flying object  UFO  . MORE : Delayed ! Why flying in China is hard	Military exercises thought to be behind China flight cancellations and delays for next three weeks Domestic travelers switching to train travel , leading to overcrowded trains 12 airports in China to be affected , including both Shanghai airports
Three teenage girls who set out from a Denver suburb apparently bound for Syria to join extremists fighting there are back home after their parents alerted authorities and the trio was stopped in Germany , U.S. officials said . The teens -- two sisters of Somali descent and a friend whose family is Sudanese , according to a Denver community leader -- were detained when their flight landed in Frankfurt on Friday after the FBI flagged their passports . They were flown back to Denver on Sunday , officials said . Parents of the girls called the FBI after becoming concerned the girls may have been traveling to Turkey . The FBI , which is investigating why the girls left , is "  aware of the situation and assisted with bringing the individuals back to Denver . That is all the information we can provide at this time , " said agency spokeswoman Sue Payne in Denver . Colorado teen pleads guilty in plan to join ISIS The girls -- all U.S. citizens -- are 15 , 15 and 17 years old , according to officials . The oldest one appears to have been the organizer of the trip . The FBI is combing through the girls ' online communications to determine who , if anyone , was helping them . They are believed to have stolen money from their parents . According to Glenn Thompson , bureau chief of the Arapahoe County Sheriff 's Office , $ 2,000 was missing from the father of the two sisters . The girls ' parents had no indication their children planned to travel . None of the girls had ever run away before . It 's not exactly clear how the girls planned their trip or how they were going to make their way to Syria , but authorities say their ultimate plan was to try to join extremists fighting there . The FBI has spoken to the teens and interviewed their families , and the agency said at this point they are not facing any charges . Opinion : What lures Americans to Syria fight ?	Authorities are combing through the girls ' online communications The teens were detained in Frankfurt after their parents alerted the FBI Officials say their plan was to join extremists fighting in Syria
CNN  At his first fundraiser for his new leadership political action committee , Jeb Bush told donors and former George W. Bush administration officials that he 's seriously considering a run for president but has yet to make a final decision . According to two sources who attended the private event in Greenwich , Connecticut , Bush emphasized that he 's aiming to spread his message to nontraditional GOP voters and ticked through his positions on immigration , education and foreign policy . Both sources asked not to be named to speak more freely about the event . Noting he had recently stepped down from his board memberships , Bush humorously said he was "  unemployed " for the first time in his adult life , drawing laughs from the audience . The attendees , both Bush supporters , described the former governor as relaxed , comfortable and personable . Iowa chairman sets Valentine 's date for Jeb Bush He did n't mention Hillary Clinton by name , but Bush alluded to the former secretary of state and potential Democratic presidential frontrunner while offering criticism of the Obama administration 's foreign policy . Hearst Connecticut Media Group first reported the criticism about Clinton , as well as other details from the fundraiser . "  He made reference to the fact that one of the candidates who looks like they 're going to run has a four-year track record of being part of that failed foreign policy , " one source told CNN . Jeb Bush launches leadership PAC More broadly , Bush said that President Barack Obama has weakened the United States on the international stage due to inconsistent policies and a lack of willingness to back up promises with action , the attendees said . "  He was very critical of the point of view that disengagement could make America safer , " one source said , adding that Bush spoke of "  the importance of American leadership . " He argued that the threat of terrorism is not just a concern at home but abroad , citing Wednesday 's shootings in Paris as an example . Jeb Bush calls for ` respect ' in gay marriage debate During a question-and-answer session , Bush was asked about concerns that he 'd be compared to his father and brother . Both sources confirmed Bush said he should be judged based on his own record as governor and that he 's his own person . The website for his leadership PAC , Right to Rise , says that Bush wo n't "  cede an inch of territory " on any demographic group or voters , suggesting that he 's seeking to bring his message to a diverse set of people . Both sources said that at the fundraiser Bush focused on how he 's not only multilingual but also multi-cultural . He mentioned his wife , Columba , who 's from Mexico , and how one of his daughters-in-law is of Iraqi descent , referring to Sandra Algudady , a native Canadian of Iraqi descent who married his son , Jeb Bush , Jr. . Jeb Bush 's long campaign begins ? On immigration , Bush argued that diversity is a strength and that immigrants have had a vital role in building the country through businesses and hard work . "  He said their overall enthusiasm is great and we need to work on celebrating people who come to America rather than having it be a discussion focused around negative elements , " a source said . "  He talked about it quite a bit , not at all reluctantly . " He touted his record as governor -- especially on jobs and education -- and his business experience , saying he 's someone who 's not only cashed paychecks , but issued paychecks . Both commented on the "  excited " and "  warm " reception that Bush received at the crowded event . "  He did an excellent job , and he received a very warm welcome on a very cold night , " said David Walker , who also attended the fundraiser and served as U.S. comptroller general under both Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush .	Jeb Bush held his first fundraiser for his new leadership PAC as he considers a presidential bid Sources at the event said Bush talked about foreign policy , immigration and his potential campaign
CNN  -- One brief window of opportunity when all the elements align themselves . The light , the look - it all comes together . Point and click : Richard takes a lesson from Magnum photographer Raghu Rai in Delhi . And then -- the click . A fleeting magical moment come and gone , then lost forever . But preserved in one picture . This month Richard Quest goes in search of the perfect photo . "  Get me Demarchelier ! " One of the orders barked by the infamous editor in "  The Devil wears Prada . " Patrick Demarchelier was indeed worth that special mention in the film . Richard visits this uber fashion and portrait photographer . In New York Demarchelier teaches Richard the techniques involved in composing the perfect picture . The great Henri Cartier Bresson once said : "  Photography is the simultaneous recognition , in a fraction of a second , of the significance of an event . " Magnum Photos bequeathed us with a living record of our history . From the Normandy Landings to Tienanmen Square , Magnum 's members have captured some of the most iconic images of the photographic age . To find out more about Magnum photos please click here . Richard finds out what it takes to join this elite brotherhood . In New York , he visits Steve McCurry , the man behind National Geographic 's "  Afghan Girl . " Then it 's off to Delhi to meet the legendary Raghu Rai Whatever you do do n't photograph wildlife and babies ! Richard is off to find out why getting that perfect shot can often be next to impossible . Try getting either to stand still ! Quest learns from the masters in both of these -- the acclaimed baby photographer Anne Geddes and , in San Francisco , award-winning wildlife photographer Frans Lanting . You just have to look at our news stands to see what a celebrity-obsessed culture we live in . Every few months a new gossip magazine emerges promising even better and more compromising pictures of celebrities at their best , at their worst , showing us what they 're doing and what they definitely should not be doing . We are the voyeurs , and we just ca n't get enough of them . The paparazzi have spawned this celebrity culture showing celebrities as anything but perfect . In London Darren Lyons , snapper turned celebrity himself , tells us how his business really works . But while we all love to curl up with a good gossip magazine , most of these photos will never be remembered . But there are photos that will endure , like those taken at our weddings . The wedding photographer is one of the honest jobs in the business . We visit a wedding in L.A. and capture a couple 's special moments . Finally , Quest is back with Frans Lanting in San Francisco . And this time he is the one taking the photographs . They go to the Ano Nuevo state reserve to photograph a colony of elephant seals . To view more of Frans Lanting 's work please click here . Richard shows us his metal as he snaps away . But then it 's back to the studio to see if his photographs will indeed seal the deal . E-mail to a friend	Richard Quest goes in search of the perfect photo He meets Patrick Demarchelier , Steve McCurry , Frans Lanting and Anne Geddes Quest puts his new skills to the test by photographing a colony of elephant seals
CNN  -- Lindsey Vonn promising return to competitive skiing continued as she claimed fifth place in the women 's World Cup Super-G at Lake Louise on Sunday . Vonn , who placed 11th in Saturday 's downhill race and 40th in the same discipline on Friday , finished 0.85 seconds behind Sunday 's winner Lara Gut . The 22-year-old Swiss star 's fourth victory of the season was achieved in a time of one minute 22.86 seconds , 0.03 seconds ahead of Tina Weirather from Liechtenstein . Austria 's Anna Fenniger finished 0.33 seconds back to claim third . Vonn suffered a serious knee injury at the world championships in Schladming last February and her return to competition was delayed following a training crash last month . But after a mishap-free racing weekend , the 29-year-old looks like having a realistic chance of defending her Olympic downhill title in Sochi next February . "  I 'm really happy with my skiing . It 's getting better every day , " Vonn said . "  I know now that I can win and be on the podium . That gives me confidence and that was my goal this weekend . To be honest I do n't know yet what races I am going to do in Europe . My focus is on the Olympics and with my knee the way it is , I am just not sure how many races I will do , " she added . "  I want to put myself in the best position going into Sochi very confident and try to win . I will think about all this after this weekend and come up with a decision with my coaches . " Meanwhile in Beaver Creek , America 's Ted Ligety 's victory in the men 's giant slalom on Sunday saw him become the first man since the great Italian skier Alberto Tomba in 1991 to win four consecutive giant slaloms . Following a 30-minute delay for wind and snow , Ligety won in a combined time of two minutes 35.77 seconds , comfortably quicker than compatriot Bode Miller  two minutes 37.09 seconds  who finished second . Austria 's Marcel Hirscher finished third . "  I feel like I skied well the whole way done considering the conditions are tough out there ; it 's pretty bouncy , Ligety said . "  I was able to arch the places I needed to arch . I was a bit surprised by the time difference because with the snow conditions right now it 's not a feel-good course . " Read more : Lindsey Vonn 's comeback speeds up	Lindsey Vonn claims fifth place in women 's Super G event at Lake Louise American making her competitive return following knee injury last February Ted Ligety equals mark of Italian skiing legend Alberto Tomba at Beaver Creek
CNN  -- With just a few clicks of a mouse , kids as young as 12 can have free condoms delivered to their doors in California . News of the program 's expansion to two new counties comes as the federal government approves the "  morning-after pill " without a prescription for girls as young as 15 . The development has garnered mixed reactions . "  I would ask parents the question , ` Who should be making decisions for the best welfare of your child -- you as a parent , or the state , who has no direct connection , has no understanding , has no relationship with your child ? ' " San Diego-area pastor Chris Clark told CNN affiliate KSWB . "  If I was 12 and hearing this ` news ' and looking at my Lego blocks , I would feel like such a loser . ` Is everyone doing it but me ? ' Talk about pressure ! " CNN commenter Song Sing Sing posted . Commenter bare_necessities "  could n't disagree more . " Having received free condoms during a fifth-grade health class , bare_necessities says classmates usually used them to make balloons . "  Most , if not all , of us had n't even become interested in the other sex at that age , but I 'd like to think that the experience prepared us better for when we did . Condoms do n't make children more sexually active . " The alarming rates of sexually transmitted diseases among teens call for immediate action , health officials say . The Condom Access Project has been around for a year . Late last month , it expanded to San Diego and Fresno counties , bringing the number of counties it serves to seven . As part of the project , anyone between 12 and 19 years old in those counties can confidentially request a pack of 10 condoms online , up to once a month . It 's similar to Planned Parenthood programs that offer free condoms to teens who come to the organization 's health centers . With each order , teens also receive personal lubricant to reduce breakage as well as educational information , said the California Family Health Council , which runs the Condom Access Project . So far , the program has sent nearly 30,000 condoms to youths via home mailers in the past year . "  Despite broad retail availability , teens continue to face many barriers to accessing condoms , " such as embarrassment , cost and confidentiality , the council said . The mail-order program targets counties that the council has designated as "  STD hot-spots . " "  California is experiencing a near public health crisis with STD rates among teens rising to alarming levels , " said Julie Rabinovitz , the council 's president . "  By providing sexually active teens and their parents with the tools they need to prevent STDs and unintended pregnancy , we are hoping to move the needle in the right direction . " While teen pregnancy rates in the state have declined steadily over the past decade , rates of sexually transmitted diseases among California teens ages 15 to 19 are rising , the council said . In 2011 , more than 42,000 cases of chlamydia and 4,800 cases of gonorrhea were reported in that age group , according to the California Department of Public Health . Out of California 's 58 counties , San Diego and Fresno counties are among the highest for both chlamydia and gonorrhea cases . The program runs on a $ 5,000 annual budget supported by federal tax dollars , CNN affiliate KSWB reported . The health council says it operates the country 's largest Title X system in the country , providing sexual and reproductive health care for more than 1 million Californians a year . It also receives support from grants and individual and corporate donations , the group said . The federal Title X Family Planning program , enacted in 1970 , provides contraceptive services and preventative health care . By law , priority is given to people from low-income families , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . FDA OKs morning-after pill for ages 15 and up CNN 's Travis Sattiewhite contributed to this report .	Health council : "  California is experiencing a near public health crisis with STD rates " Teens in San Diego and Fresno counties are now able to get free condoms delivered by mail Youths in five other California counties have already received about 30,000 free condoms The program runs on a $ 5,000 annual budget supported by federal tax dollars
CNN  -- The health of literary giant Gabriel Garcia Marquez is stable but "  very fragile , " his family said in a statement this week . At 87 years old , his age means "  there are risks of complications , " the family said . The Colombian author has been recovering at his Mexico City home since April 8 , after being hospitalized for nine days for infections in his lungs and his urinary tract . "  He is and will continue to recover at his home , " the family said . Garcia Marquez 's wife , Mercedes Barcha , and his sons Rodrigo and Gonzalo , thanked the public for its outpouring of support , and asked for privacy . The Nobel Prize recipient , known as "  Gabo , " was born in the northern Colombian town of Aracataca , the inspiration for the fictional town of Macondo , the setting of the 1967 novel "  One Hundred Years of Solitude . " He won the Nobel Prize for literature in 1982 "  for his novels and short stories , in which the fantastic and the realistic are combined in a richly composed world of imagination , reflecting a continent 's life and conflicts , " according to the Nobel Prize website .	The Colombian author is in stable condition , the family says He is convalescing at his home in Mexico City Garcia Marquez , 87 , was hospitalized this month for an infection
CNN  Fans of Belgian football side Standard Liege have been widely condemned after unfurling a banner depicting the decapitation of a former player during a match against league bitter rivals Anderlecht on Sunday . The giant image of former Standard captain Steven Defour , who joined Anderlecht from Portuguese club Porto last year , was unveiled in a stand behind the goal before kick off in a Belgian Pro-League match . The banner appeared to depict Jason Voorhees from the horror movie series "  Friday The 13th " holding a sword in one hand and Defour 's severed head in the other , with the caption reading , "  Red or Dead . " The incident was widely condemned with Belgian football officials quick to register their disgust on social media . Thibault De Gendt , competitions director at the Belgian Football Association tweeted : "  It was disgusting and took place in front of children . We hope never to see this again ! " while Bob Madou , Executive Director of Business at the Belgian FA called the banner "  distasteful and unacceptable . " This view was echoed by Belgian foreign affairs minister , Didier Reynders who called it "  stupid , nasty and irresponsible . " Defour , who played for the Standard Liege from 2006 to 2011 , had a game to forget on the pitch for his new club . The 26-year-old was sent off in the second half after picking up a second yellow card for kicking the ball into the home crowd . Following his dismissal , the home side netted twice to seal a 2-0 win .	Fans unfurl "  Red or Dead " banner depicting Steven Defour 's severed head Belgium 's foreign affairs minister called it "  stupid , nasty and irresponsible " Defour was sent off the pitch for kicking the ball into the home crowd
CNN  -- Royal Caribbean Cruises cut short a seven-day Alaska cruise aboard its Celebrity Millennium and canceled four of the ship 's upcoming trips because of a problem with the motor , a company spokeswoman said Wednesday . The Millennium was carrying 2,200 guests and 958 crew members when the motor experienced a "  technical issue " Sunday , spokeswoman Cynthia Martinez said . The captain decided to return to port at Ketchikan , Alaska , to evaluate the problem , and the company ultimately decided to cancel the rest of the trip . "  It is important to note that the ship can sail at a reduced speed with only one motor , " Martinez said . "  However , in an abundance of caution , we have decided to cancel the sailing and have the repairs made at the shipyard immediately . The safety of our guests and crew is always our highest priority . " Millennium left Vancouver , British Columbia , Friday and was due to make stops at the Alaskan ports of Juneau and Skagway before ending in Seward in two days . Several charter flights have already departed Ketchikan to take passengers back to the Pacific Northwest , Martinez said . The company canceled cruises departing on the following dates : August 23 , 2013 -- from Seward to Vancouver August 30 , 2013 -- from Vancouver to Seward September 6 , 2013 -- from Seward to Vancouver September 13 , 2013 -- from Vancouver to San Diego , California Passengers booked on the canceled cruises will receive a full refund and a certificate for a future Celebrity cruise , the company said . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Celebrity Millennium was in the middle of an Alaska cruise when the problem happened The captain decided to return to port and the rest of the cruise was canceled Royal Caribbean canceled four upcoming cruises on the Millennium Passengers will receive refunds and certificates for future travel
CNN  Manchester United 's Louis van Gaal and Sunderland 's Gus Poyet were the latest managers to criticize the heavy Premier League schedule during the festive period but while the duo lamented their teams playing four games in 13 days , fans in England and around the world continue to enjoy the action on offer . The Premier League is , after all , the only major football league not to shut down over the holidays . Some supporters had more reason to cheer than others , and on that note , here 's a look at the winners and losers in the Premier League during its busiest time of the season . Winners Manchester City : One of the standout results over the Christmas period had to be defending champion Manchester City slumping to a 2-2 draw with Burnley -- at home and after holding a 2-0 second-half lead . But that was the lone blemish for Manuel Pellegrini 's men , despite nearly squandering another two-goal advantage at home to Sunderland on New Year 's Day . City collected 10 of 12 points , scoring 11 goals in the process without talismanic striker Sergio Aguero . City was also without the services of the perhaps equally influential Vincent Kompany in the heart of the defense . Once eight points behind Chelsea , City and the Londoners are now level atop the table . Tottenham : Harry Kane proved to be a hurricane that stormed past Chelsea on Thursday . He scored twice , assisted on another and won a penalty in the stunning 5-3 victory over a team that had previously had Tottenham 's number . With fellow strikers Roberto Soldado and Emmanuel Adebayor continuing to misfire , his emergence has come at the right time for Tottenham . Kane , Nacer Chadli and Christian Eriksen make for an impressive attacking trio . Tottenham -- like City -- earned three wins and a draw to climb to fifth , only two points behind Southampton in the race for the final Champions League spot in England . Southampton : A freefall down the table , some would have said , was inevitable for the Saints after they lost five straight games heading into the Christmas rush . Yet Southampton turned it around in a hurry , gathering 10 points . It beat the struggling duo of Everton and Crystal Palace prior to drawing Chelsea and downing Arsenal . Sure the referee might have helped Southampton against Chelsea -- not awarding a seemingly clear penalty to the visitor -- but Southampton bossed proceedings against Arsenal . For all the talk this season of striker Graziano Pelle and midfielder Dusan Tadic , do n't forget the work of fullbacks Ryan Bertrand and Nathaniel Clyne . Hull City : Winless in 10 games , Hull manager Steve Bruce was hoping for respite on Boxing Day against Sunderland . When Adam Johnson scored for the Black Cats in the first minute , though , it seemed like more bad luck was on the way for Hull . Hull , however , rallied for a 3-1 win and better form followed . After somehow losing to Leicester 1-0 -- hitting the post twice and firing 19 shots -- the Tigers eased past Everton 2-0 to rise to 15th . Burnley : How could a team that amassed a mere two points in four games be a ` winner , ' you ask ? Well , Burnley , seemingly doomed for relegation in October , showed plenty of grit even with a thin squad -- manager Sean Dyche named the same starting XI in all four games . The lack of rotation cost Dyche on Thursday , since he had to make three injury enforced subs within 40 minutes , but Burnley still rallied three times to draw Newcastle away 3-3 . As if coming back against City was n't enough . The two losses were narrow defeats to Spurs and Liverpool . If Eibar is a sentimental favorite in La Liga , Burnely -- now a point off safety -- is the Premier League equivalent . Losers Everton : The honeymoon period is over for Roberto Martinez . Adored by the Everton fans last season -- enjoying success with a more attractive style than David Moyes ' methodical approach -- Martinez 's team lost all four games . It scored in only one of them . Lingering near a Champions League place early in the season , Everton now finds itself a mere four points above the relegation zone . West Bromwich Albion : Moyes ' former assistant at Everton , Alan Irvine , did n't last long in his first stint as manager , getting fired after the sagging Baggies lost 2-0 to Stoke . But here 's good news for the West Brom faithful : Tony Pulis is on the way . Pulis has never been relegated as a manager and is the reigning manager of the season in the Premier League , working wonders at Crystal Palace before leaving the Eagles on the eve of the current campaign . Crystal Palace : Irvine was n't the first manager to go in the Premier League this season . That ` honor ' went to Neil Warnock at Palace following a 3-1 home defeat to Southampton on Boxing Day . Warnock 's second stint in charge at Selhurst Park started well enough but the team has won once since late September . Warnock said publicly that Palace needed strikers and it 's not difficult to see why with a return of 20 goals . In the last seven , Palace has netted twice . Former Palace midfielder Alan Pardew is set to take over from Warnock . Aston Villa : When Aston Villa won three of its four first league games this season , relegation troubles appeared to be an afterthought . And despite Villa still being five points above the bottom three , it 's hard to imagine its fans content . Palace 's dearth in front of goal is nothing compared to Villa , which has scored 11 times in 20 games . In three draws and a loss in the past fortnight , the Birmingham-based club found the back of the net once . Chelsea : The festive period began perfectly for Chelsea . Playing at one of the toughest grounds in England , the Blues beat Stoke 2-0 . Then came another 2-0 win , against a then in-form West Ham . Chelsea looked unstoppable . But slip-ups ensued at Southampton and Tottenham , with Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho not happy with the referee on both occasions . A Mourinho team has always won the league when it has led at the end of a year , but Chelsea 's dip has given Manchester City hope .	Chelsea dropped five points in its last two games during the festive period But Manchester City prospered in the Premier League , taking 10 of 12 points Other teams to excel included Harry Kane 's Tottenham and Southampton Everton , Crystal Palace and West Bromwich Albion all struggled , though
CNN  -- Rwandan President Paul Kagame hit back Monday at human rights activists who say he 's behaving like an autocrat and fueling a bloody civil war in Rwanda 's neighbor , Congo . "  If you are talking about people in the human rights community from outside ... I have an issue with this , " Kagame said , 16 years after he was hailed as a hero for ending a genocide that killed at least 800,000 people . "  You tend to make a judgment of a country , 11 million people , on what a couple of people have said and  they  do n't take into account what Rwandans say . " Kagame added , "  Nobody has asked the Rwandans ... it 's as if they do n't matter in the eyes of the human rights people . It 's our own decisions in the end . " He said everyone in Rwanda has to play by the rules and be accountable . "  There has to be leadership to make things move in the right direction , " Kagame stated . Kagame 's comments came a month after the New York-based group , Human Rights Watch , said opposition activists are facing increasing threats , attacks , and harassment ahead of Rwanda 's presidential election in August . Human Rights Watch said opposition party members have suffered serious intimidation by individuals and institutions close to the government and Kagame 's ruling Rwandan Patriotic Front  RPF  . The RPF took power in 1994 after its army swept into the capital of Kigali and overthrew the Hutu-dominated government responsible for the massacre of hundreds of thousands of Rwandans , most of them members of the minority Tutsi community . In the aftermath of the 100-day genocide , the fastest in modern history , Kagame transformed his country , turning it into one of the fastest growing nations in Africa and -- in the view of some -- a model of economic and social development . Kagame said Rwanda has made significant progress in erasing some of the scars left behind after the tragedy . "  That 's why the country is stable . That 's why the country is moving on . That 's why the country is developing . " Kagame insisted he has nothing to do with the continuing civil war in mineral-rich Congo , even though he acknowledged that Rwandan troops intervened there a decade ago in an attempt to stop rebel groups from returning to Rwanda . The war became the largest and most destructive conflict in African history , costing more than 5 million lives , as various groups and foreign armies fought for control of Congo 's land and mineral resources . "  I can not be blamed for the problems of Congo or any other country , " Kagame said . "  There are the Congolese who have their own country , who are supposed to manage it , who are supposed to govern it . It has nothing to do with me . "	Human Rights Watch said opposition activists are facing harassment ahead of elections Kagame dismisses the opinions that outsiders may hold about Rwanda Country has made progress in erasing scars left from 1994 genocide , Kagame says Kagame insists he has nothing to do with the civil war in mineral-rich Congo
Tattooed and pale , with an Arabic vocabulary of a few dozen words at best , 24-year-old American Peter Kassig is not who you would expect to see striding up and down the corridors of a hospital in Tripoli , Lebanon , clutching a wad of bloodied bandages . "  This is one of the worst wounds we have on the floor ; this one is pretty bad , " he says as he works to help clean out the raw lower leg wound of a patient . "  They were going to have to amputate the leg , but they were able to reconnect the artery , right , " he asks Marwan , a 27-year-old nurse from Homs , Syria , who , like most of those Kassig works alongside , fled his homeland to treat his countrymen in Lebanon . Despite the language barrier , the two have bonded , as Kassig has managed to with all those he 's been interacting with , the type of unique bond born of shared intense experience whether it 's with the patients , some who do n't survive or the doctors and nurses who have suffered horrors Kassig is only beginning to comprehend . "  There is this impression , this belief that there is no hope , " he explains . "  That 's when it 's more important than ever that we come in against all odds and we do something . " How did an American end up in a Lebanon hospital treating wounded Syrians from months of escalating violence ? Kassig 's journey began when he joined the U.S. Army Rangers in 2006 and deployed to Iraq in 2007 . He was honorably discharged for medical reasons after a brief tour and returned to the United States to study political science and train for 1500-meter runs . But something was n't right . "  I was going to school with kids who look the same , were the same age as me , but we were n't the same , " he says . "  I wanted more of a challenge , a sense of purpose . " Portraits of conflict : Can an image stop the bloodshed ? In 2010 , Kassig took time off and began his certification as an emergency medical technician . In the two years that followed he fell in love , got married and quickly divorced . Devastated and heartbroken , he went back to school , but he could n't shake his depression . "  I needed to make a drastic decision . It was a huge identity thing ; it was time to re-evaluate , " he says . "  I needed a game changer . " He decided he would head to Beirut , follow the situation in Syria and try to help . So on his spring break this year he packed his medical kit and flew into the Lebanese capital . "  I took a chance , " he says . "  There was n't a single person when I told them I was coming to Lebanon who said , ` Yeah , that 's a great idea . You should do that . ' " The next two weeks were filled with eye-opening misadventures as Kassig began to scratch at the surface of the complexities of the Syrian conflict and the Middle East as a whole . "  I had learned enough to know that I did n't know anything , " he says . After finishing the semester back in the United States , he returned to Lebanon , only this time with a plan . "  We each get one life and that 's it . We get one shot at this and we do n't get any do-overs , and for me , it was time to put up or shut up , " he says . "  The way I saw it , I did n't have a choice . This is what I was put here to do . I guess I am just a hopeless romantic , and I am an idealist , and I believe in hopeless causes . " Kassig is now working to start a number of projects to help those in need and putting his EMT skills to use whenever he can . "  I am not a doctor . I am not a nurse . But I am a guy who can clean up bandages , help clean up patients , swap out bandages , help run IVs , make people 's quality of life a little bit better , " he says . "  This is something for me that has meaning , that has purpose . " Some of those Kassig helps to treat are rebel fighters , all who vow they will return to the battlefield as soon as they can . Others are the innocent victims of a spiraling conflict . Lying in one of the hospital beds is 24-year-old Louliya . She says she and her three children were run over by a military jeep as they were trying to escape the Syrian military siege of their village . Her spinal cord was crushed , leaving her unable to move from the neck down . She was smuggled across the border to Lebanon for surgery . She 's only just started to be able to regain feeling . She smiles bravely but is unable to stop the tears from rolling down her face . "  All I want is to be able to hold my children in my arms again , " she says softly , trying but failing to imitate the cradling of a child . Despite dangers , doctors honor oath in a secret Syrian field hospital In a room across the hall , Yaseen smiles devilishly as she tells us she 's 7 , laughing as her older sisters correct her . She 's actually 5 . Both her little legs are bandaged , a result of gunshot wounds she sustained as her family was fleeing the violence and their vehicle came under fire . "  It just itches , " she says , giggling and insisting she was never afraid . Other wounds are more gruesome : Dr. Ahmed Obeid , also a refugee from Homs , shows pictures on his cell phone of a raw wound , crawling with maggots . There 's another photo of a young man with all of the flesh on his back removed -- a patient they were unable to save . It was a case that caused Kassig to begin to appreciate just what it was they were up against . "  The tissue had turned necrotic , which basically means it was dead , " Kassig explains . "  We had to cut out a huge piece of skin , the whole upper side of his back . " It 's what happens when the wounded ca n't be evacuated in time . A bitter lesson Syrians know too well . Kassig says his direct exposure to what was something of an alien conflict and culture before has now transformed his perspective . "  There is this mentality from where I come from back home that I have a little bit of a problem with , " he says . "  I do n't want to get on a political soap box , but at the same time we have to think about why as a country we choose to help certain people and not others . "  We have to think about why we just chalk up the Middle East -LSB- as -RSB- this complex enigma that we will never understand because they are so different from us . But at the end of the day , they are really not . It 's just about whether or not you 're willing to go out on a limb and understand something , " he says . "  Peter can tell the American people who we are , " says Marwan , the Syrian nurse . "  We are not what the regime says we are -- terrorists and al Qaeda . Peter knows we are good people , who love joking and laughter . We just want to live . " Kassig has been struck by the resilience of the Syrians he has met , by their ability to smile and somehow joke even in the darkest of circumstances . "  This kid has his leg blown off , " he says , "  and he still had the ability to crack jokes and smile , and he had the doctor cracking up . He had the whole room laughing . That 's just the way they are , the people that I have met and worked with in the hospital . It 's been absolutely humbling . " Sitting in the room where the hospital workers also sleep , Kassig stares up at the TV screen , always following with everyone else the news in Syria , image after image of death and destruction . He says he believes that America has lost its humanity , that the nation needs to take a firm political stance , although he 's not advocating military intervention . "  This is real , and it 's scary stuff , and it 's sad what is happening to people here , " he says . "  People back home need to know about it , they need to know . Sometimes you got ta take a stand , you got ta draw a line somewhere . " When outrage is n't enough | Your take : Intervene or not ?	American , 24 , helps treat wounded Syrians in Lebanon He has served in Iraq but ooked for a ` game-changer ' after returning home He hopes Americans understand what 's going on in the region
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iranians headed to the polls Friday in a parliamentary election , marking the first nationwide balloting since a disputed vote triggered massive protests nearly three years ago . In ornate mosques that serve as polling centers , voters waited patiently in long lines to cast their ballots . Some of the centers were decorated with huge banners celebrating the achievements of the Islamic Republic of Iran . "  Elections protect the country , " read one slogan . "  The capture of the drone was another slap in the face of the enemies of the Islamic Republic , " declared another poster , above a photo of the U.S. spy drone that was captured by Iran late last year . "  I have voted in every election in Iran , " said a retired university professor named Nasser Ahadi , who brandished an ink-stained finger in a "  victory " sign after he cast his ballot . "  The fundamentalists ... the group that are now governing this country will win this election , " he predicted . Not all Iranians were enthusiastic about the election , though . "  I 'm not voting , " said a mustachioed man in a small Tehran tailor shop , who asked not to be named because of the plain-clothed security officer who stood conspicuously outside listening in on the conversation . "  I voted for Ahmadinejad before , and I regret it because he 's not doing a good job , " he said , referring to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . About 3,400 candidates are vying for 290 seats in the parliamentary election . The Islamic nation faces an escalating international outcry and Western sanctions over its nuclear program , prompting leaders to call for a higher voter turnout to establish legitimacy . Days before the vote , campaigning intensified as workers distributed leaflets and plastered candidate posters along tree-lined streets in Tehran . State television broadcast wall-to-wall programming encouraging voters to cast their ballots . "  Our progress in science and economics depends on your vote , " slogans read in the publicity campaign that included a quote from the late founder of the nation , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , saying "  The measure of a nation is its vote . " In Iran , elections are heralded by the revolutionary regime as a popular demonstration that it enjoys the overwhelming support of the population . The Interior Ministry predicted voter turnout of about 60 % , the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency reported . Results from smaller precincts could be available in 48 hours , but larger cities may not have complete results until 72 hours , the news agency said . But the poll marks the first time Iranians are voting since allegations of rigging in the 2009 elections triggered mass street protests against Ahmadinejad 's re-election . Security forces used deadly force to crack down on the opposition Green Movement and presidential candidates Mir Hossein Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi were placed under house arrest , where they remain . But at a campaign rally for candidates from the conservative Principalist Front on Wednesday , one lawmaker running for re-election offered a different account of the aftermath of the 2009 vote . "  During the 2009 elections , attempts were made to use cheating in the elections as an excuse to plot against the regime , " said Zohreh Elahian . "  Attempts were made to show the world that there is no democracy in Iran and that the people are not the ones who have the power to elect their leaders , " she said . "  That 's why the Friday elections represent the people 's will to participate in determining their own future and their country 's fate . " There are no candidates from the Green Movement in this year 's parliamentary election . Iranian political analysts describe the vote as a contest between rival conservative factions within the government . "  The underlying issue is whether or not you support Ahmadinejad , " said Sadegh Zibakalam , a political scientist at Tehran University . "  It 's a rivalry between Ahmadinejad on the one hand and the supreme leader on the other ... not overtly , and not directly of course . " Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei publicly supported Ahmadinejad 's controversial re-election victory during the dispute over the 2009 ballot results . But tensions have flared between the two leaders over the last year , with Ahmadinejad disappearing from public view for 11 days after the supreme leader overruled his decision to fire an intelligence minister . Several of Ahmadinejad 's top political allies have also been subjected to lawsuits and investigations . In the run-up to this week 's vote , the supreme leader urged factions to overcome previous divisions and repeatedly called for unity . He accused the United States and its allies of trying to stop Iranians from voting , saying a high turnout would be "  another firm slap in the face of world arrogance , " according to Press TV . "  Vigorous participation of the Iranian nation in the election will send a message to hegemonic powers and will be beneficial for the country 's future , " he said . On Tehran streets , some Iranians blamed increasingly harsh American economic sanctions for the precipitous drop in the value of the nation 's currency over the last several months . At polling stations , some voters seemed to suggest there were few ideological differences between the candidates . "  I 'm just going to vote out of chance . They 're all good , " a voter named Behzad said . "  It does n't make any difference . They 're all the same . All Hezbollah , religious , very nice kind people . " "  To be honest , most of the -LSB- candidate -RSB- groups are very similar , " said Dr. Ali Reza Marandi , a former health minister and current parliament member running for re-election . He said the group of candidates he was running alongside , called the United Principalist Front , campaigned on the platform of "  Spirituality and Justice . " Some opposition activists from the Green Movement expressed despair about the election in conversations with CNN . "  What you see on Iranian TV is all propaganda . All the voters are saying , ` See , this is democracy , we are voting , ' but we all know it 's rigged , " said an art student from the city of Shiraz in a phone conversation with CNN . "  These elections have been rigged since 1979 and always will be until the mullahs stop running this country into the ground . I am not voting today because my vote does not count and never has counted . " "  Moussavi and Karrubi are under house arrest , my friends and family have been arrested , jailed , falsely accused , and beaten , " said an engineer , speaking by phone with CNN from Tehran . "  I feel like a coward that I can not go on TV and tell the world what is happening in Iran , but what good am I to the future of this country if I am dead . I am ashamed . " About 48 million people are eligible to vote , according to state-run Press TV . Iranian officials announced the polling stations would remain open an additional three hours Friday night . Mitra Mobasherat and Joe Duran contributed to this report .	Many voters participate , but others sit it out , saying vote is "  rigged " The parliamentary election features about 3,400 candidates vying for 290 seats Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's 2009 re-election sent throngs to the streets over fraud allegations Iran faces an escalating international outcry over its nuclear program
CNN  -- Brazilian authorities have confiscated food "  not fit for consumption " from two hotels that will host the English and Italian national teams during the upcoming World Cup competition in Brazil . According to Procon , the Brazilian consumer protection agency , inspectors found food past its consumption date at the Portobello Hotel in the city of Mangaratiba , a suburb just west of Rio de Janeiro . The Italian national team is expected to stay at the Portobello . In a surprise inspection Monday , Procon said , inspectors found 25 kilograms  about 55 pounds  of expired pasta , shrimp , salmon and margarine . At Portobello , inspectors also seized 24 kilograms  about 53 pounds  of steak , sauces , beef heart , cheese , sugar and fish without expiration labels . Fabio Domingos , head of Procon in Rio de Janeiro state , told Agencia Brasil , the state-run news agency , that he 's very concerned about the number of establishments that have violated sanitation rules . "  It is unacceptable for a hotel like Portobello to store expired food . It 's one of the two largest hotels in Rio state that will be hosting international teams and it 's storing expired shrimp , meat and pasta . All of the expired food has been disposed of by our agents , " Domingos said . In a statement , Juliana Castanheira , a Portobello Hotel press representative , said executives there "  are taking measures to fully comply with the law . " "  This was an exception to our practices , " Castanheira said . "  Since our team has had to work hard to meet high demand from the public , there was a failure in the disposal of food which expired the day before the visit by the inspection agency . However , no expired or unsafe food was served to our customers . " Last week , in another surprise inspection , Procon inspectors found food past consumption quality at the Royal Tulip Hotel in the S # o Conrado neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro . That hotel is expected to host the English national team during the World Cup . Inspectors there found 2.36 kilograms  about 5 pounds  of expired lard , Parma ham and salmon . The hotel released a statement to CNN saying , "  Rio de Janeiro 's Royal Tulip would like to make it clear that it follows all external and internal standards of quality control of its food and drinks and is investigating this incident . " All establishments with violations have 15 days to explain to contest the charges . Otherwise , they face a fine . As part of stepped-up effort to improve food safety , hotel and tourist services during the World Cup , Brazilian authorities launched Operation Shirt 10 , named for the jersey number worn by iconic Brazilian star Pel  , whos real name is Edson Arantes do Nascimento . Out of 13 establishments that have been inspected so far , eight have been cited and fined for expired food and other violations . The establishments where inspectors found sanitation and other violations include restaurants , supermarkets , bakeries , stores and hotels . But a Procon statement said the Caesar Park Hotel , where the Dutch national team will stay , passed inspection without a problem . Brazil will host the World Cup from June 12 to July 13 , with its team among 32 squads from around the world competing for the championship . Games in the 2014 World Cup will be played in twelve Brazilian cities : Belo Horizonte , Brasilia , Cuiaba , Curitiba , Fortaleza , Manaus , Natal , Porto Alegre , Recife , Rio de Janeiro , Salvador , Sao Paulo .	Surprise inspections turn up food that was past consumption dates Expired food was confiscated at two hotels where World Cup teams are to stay One hotel says the food had expired the day before the inspection , and was not served The other hotel says it follows quality control standards , and is investigating
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The person who leaked British lawmakers ' controversial expense claims earlier this year , triggering a national scandal , was motivated by outrage at apparent equipment shortages for British troops , a newspaper said Friday . The mole was angry at apparent equipment shortages for British troops deployed around the world . The mole was one of 20 people employed to process and censor the expenses claims before their scheduled official release in July , according to The Daily Telegraph . The man leaked the claims to the Telegraph , which printed them in a series of front-page articles in May . The articles brought public embarrassment to Parliament and even forced some lawmakers to resign . The 20 employees going through the claims were guarded by British soldiers to ensure nothing was leaked . The soldiers were working there in between tours of duty in order to earn extra money to pay for badly needed military equipment , the Telegraph said . One of the soldiers had taken on the temporary work to earn enough money to buy a lightweight Kevlar protective vest similar to the ones used by U.S. troops , while another soldier was trying to earn money for desert boots , gloves , and sunglasses , the Telegraph said . Hearing the soldiers ' stories while at the same time looking through what were revealed as excessive claims made by lawmakers , prompted the mole to take action , the newspaper said . "  It 's not easy to watch footage on the television news of a coffin draped in a Union Jack and then come in to work the next day and see on your computer screen what  members of Parliament  are taking for themselves , " the mole told the Telegraph . "  Hearing from the serving soldiers about how they were having to work there to earn enough money to buy themselves decent equipment , while the MPs could find public money to buy themselves all sorts of extravagances , only added to the feeling that the public should know what was going on . " Watch report on what prompted outrage " The Telegraph does not name the man who leaked the claims . He tells his story in a book , "  No Expenses Spared , " released Friday about the scandal written by two Telegraph reporters . Speaking in the book , the mole says he is "  bloody glad " he released the information , but is disappointed in the reaction from lawmakers so far . Controversial claims detailed by the newspaper included thousands of dollars ' worth of interest on a mortgage that had already been paid , money spent to clean a moat on a country estate , and more than $ 1,000 spent on a small house on a pond for ducks . More than a dozen members of Parliament caught up in the scandal promised to step down in the next election . It led Prime Minister Gordon Brown to reshuffle his Cabinet and forced the speaker of the House of Commons to resign , the first time that had happened since 1695 . Claims for allowances for second homes -- which most lawmakers have because they need to be in London for parliamentary business -- were a big point of controversy . The Telegraph exposed how some lawmakers "  flipped " the designation of their main and second homes to avoid taxes or make big allowance claims . Many lawmakers defended their claims as being within the rules . But even where that was the case , the public criticized lawmakers for greed and for taking advantage . The reports forced the government to release the claims in June , a month earlier than planned . But unlike the information revealed by the Telegraph , the officially released documents were redacted , with key details blocked from view . Parliament said the edits were made to protect the security and privacy of lawmakers , their staffs and third parties . The issue of equipment shortages for British troops has been simmering for years . Some relatives of fallen soldiers have blamed their loved ones ' deaths on a lack of proper gear in the battlefield . This month , the widow and father-in-law of Sjt . Paul McAleese , killed by a bomb in Afghanistan , said the soldier had voiced concerns about safety conditions at his base in Wishtan . The father-in-law , Stephen Minter , wrote a letter to Brown detailing what he believed to be a lack of equipment for British troops . In July , Sasha Buckley , the childhood sweetheart of Rifleman Daniel Hume , who was killed in Afghanistan , voiced the same concerns to the Daily Mail newspaper . "  The real tragedy is that he wo n't be the last soldier killed out there , " she told the paper . "  There will be many more coming home unless the government give them the support they need . That means more equipment now -- soldiers like Dan deserve better . " The Ministry of Defence has maintained that soldiers are properly equipped . In a statement Friday , a ministry spokesman said providing the best equipment for British troops is the top priority . "  Every soldier who deploys to Afghanistan receives Osprey body armor and a Mark 6a helmet , " the spokesman said in a statement . "  They also receive a black bag containing all their operational requirements . Valued at # 3,500  $ 5,600  , it contains everything a soldier will need from boots and socks to camel backs  strap-on water bottles  . Commanders now have a variety of helicopters , protected patrol vehicles , unmanned aerial vehicles and other key equipments at their disposal , and we are committed to ensuring that their needs are met , both in the short and long term . Since 2006 , we have delivered equipment valued at more than 10 billion pounds  $ 16 billion  to the armed forces . "	Mole one of 20 people employed to process and censor MPs ' expenses Soldiers guarding them did so to earn extra cash between tours of duty Mole became angry at MP claims as soldiers saved to buy essential equipment Claims included thousands of dollars ' worth of interest on mortgages already paid
CNN  -- Rapper Young Jeezy allegedly beat up his teenage son and threatened to kill him during an argument 15 months ago . Jeezy -- whose real name is Jay Wayne Jenkins -- was released on a $ 45,000 bond on Friday , hours after turning himself into the jail on a grand jury warrant , Fulton County , Georgia , sheriff 's spokesman Tracy Flanagan said . The 36-year-old artist is set to appear in an Atlanta court on January 29 on felony charges of battery , terroristic threats and false imprisonment , Flanagan said . His son told police the alleged incident at this Atlanta apartment in September 2012 "  stemmed from a text message he sent to his father . " His father "  walked into the bathroom where he was and slammed his head against the sliding shower door , " then "  picked him up and threw him into the wall in the bedroom , " the police report said . When the teen tried to run downstairs and away , he was blocked by his father 's bodyguard , the report said . Jeezy then "  pulled him back into the room , threw him on the bed , choked him and stated ` I 'll kill you , " the son told police . He then allegedly threw him against a wall and onto the floor before kicking him in the head . "  The juvenile stated his father stated to him ` I 'll put a bullet in your head right now , ' " the report said . The boy 's mother called police two days later when her son returned to her and she noticed bruising and scratches on his face , " the police report said . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Jeezy -- real name is Jay Wayne Jenkins -- was released on $ 45,000 bond Friday He has a court date for January 29 on for battery , terroristic threats and false imprisonment Son tells police dad said : "  I 'll put a bullet in your head right now "
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese President Hu Jintao , set to begin handing over power to his successor , warned Thursday that a failure to deal with corruption could bring down China 's ruling Communist Party and the state it controls . Hu was speaking at the party 's 18th National Congress in Beijing , a key meeting of top officials that will usher in a new set of leaders of the world 's most populous nation . After a decade in power , Hu is expected to hand over the party 's top job to Vice President Xi Jinping . "  If we fail to handle this issue well , it could prove fatal to the party , and even cause the collapse of the party and the fall of the state , " Hu said of corruption during his speech at the start of the congress in the Great Hall of the People in the heart of the Chinese capital . His comments to a vast room full of delegates stood out in light of the huge political scandal that has rocked the party this year . The controversy involved the former high-flying politician Bo Xilai who is now under criminal investigation after being ousted from his posts and the party itself . He is accused of corruption , abuse of power and improper sexual relationships ; official news reports have said Bo made "  severe mistakes " related to the killing of a British businessman -- a crime for which Bo 's wife was imprisoned -- and a diplomatic incident involving his former police chief in Chongqing . More than 2,200 delegates from across China are gathering for the Congress , and they in turn select the 200-plus members of the party 's Central Committee , who in turn appoint the Politburo and ultimately the all-powerful Politburo Standing Committee -- the country 's decision-makers . But most , if not all , of the outcomes are predetermined after a long period of secretive deal-making between party power brokers . The congress itself meets every five years . It is designed to assess the country 's progress , and set new directions . Every 10 years it selects the new leadership . This year , the legacy of the Hu years is under the microscope . Under Hu and Premier Wen Jiabao , China 's economy has continued to grow , lifting tens of millions of people out of poverty . China is now the world 's second-biggest economy and closing fast on the United States . But there have been disappointments and discontent along the way , and Hu 's much vaunted "  harmonious society " is showing signs of cracking . Chinese leaders have endured a tumultuous year . The veil of secrecy around the party has been lifted , with reports of rifts and infighting . And the fall of Bo brought about China 's biggest political scandal in decades . Bo , once party chief of the massive metropolis of Chongqing , is now in disgrace awaiting trial . His wife , Gu Kailai , is in prison , convicted of murdering a British business associate . Senior party leaders and their leaders have had to deal with unusual scrutiny of their affairs , with Western news organizations publishing investigations into the wealth accumulated by the families of Xi and Wen . Chinese authorities responded to the reports by blocking the websites of the news organizations involved : Bloomberg News and The New York Times . But China 's army of censors is having to grapple with the rapid rise of social media platforms on which information moves and mutates at a dizzying pace . China is treading many fault lines : a widening gap between rich and poor , rising unrest about issues like pollution and land seizures , and a slowing economy that some say is in need of serious reform . Hu mentioned some of those tensions Thursday along with several other contentious issues -- like food safety , health care and law enforcement -- acknowledging that "  there are a lot of difficulties and problems on our road ahead . " Another issue Hu 's government has struggled to tackle during its decade in power is the discontent and unrest among Tibetans living under Chinese rule . Authorities were given a grim reminder on Wednesday of the disillusionment and desperation of many Tibetans in western areas of China after four people set themselves on fire to protest Chinese rule . One teenage Tibetan monk died and two were injured after self-immolating in a majority Tibetan region of Sichuan Province , said Penpa Tsering , a spokesman for the Tibetan parliament in exile in Dharamsala , India . And a 23-year-old Tibetan woman died a separate incident in Qinghai Province , Tsering said , citing unidentified people in Tibetan areas . Dozens of Tibetans are reported to have set themselves ablaze in the past 18 months to express their unhappiness with Chinese rule . In his speech Thursday , Hu also made a case for China to strengthen its presence on the seas off its coast . Beijing has become embroiled in a string of territorial disputes with countries like Japan , the Philippines and Vietnam over areas thought to contain large reserves of natural resources under the sea bed . The leadership should "  build China into a maritime power , " Hu said , citing the need to exploit marine resources and "  resolutely safeguard China 's maritime rights and interests " among the goals . CNN iReport : What do you think of the power transition ? Share your comments and experiences and best could be used online or on air . CNN 's Stan Grant , CY Xu and Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	Thousands of delegates gather in Beijing for the meeting The key meeting follows a year beset by scandal for the party Four Tibetans set themselves on fire , the Tibetan government in exile says
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- The suspect in the weekend shooting at an Arizona political meet-and-greet is scheduled to make an initial appearance Monday before a federal magistrate . Jared Lee Loughner will appear in a Phoenix , Arizona , courtroom at 2 p.m. Monday  4 p.m. ET  , prosecutors said . He is accused of opening fire outside a Tucson supermarket , where U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , was meeting with constituents Saturday . Six people were killed and 14 others wounded in the shooting . Giffords remained in critical condition Sunday after being shot through the skull , while a federal judge , a congressional aide and a 9-year-old girl were among the dead . Federal authorities have charged Loughner with first-degree murder , attempted murder and attempting to kill a member of Congress , counts that involve the shootings of federal employees . State prosecutors also could bring charges in the remaining cases . A federal public defender known for handling high-profile cases , Judy Clarke , has been appointed to represent Loughner , a federal judicial source said . Clarke defended "  Unabomber " Ted Kaczynski and assisted in the case of confessed al Qaeda operative Zacarias Moussaoui . Loughner has invoked his right against self-incrimination and is not talking with investigators , Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik said over the weekend . But court documents released Sunday show that investigators found a letter from the congresswoman in a safe at the house where Loughner lived with his parents , thanking him for attending a similar 2007 event . "  Also recovered in the safe was an envelope with handwriting on the envelope stating , ' I planned ahead , ' and ` my assassination ' and the name ` Giffords , ' along with what appears to be Loughner 's signature , " the affidavit says . A law enforcement official said investigators are interviewing "  anyone , everyone , we can . " Loughner 's parents were cooperative when interviewed , the official said . Investigators have not found anything connecting Loughner to extremist groups , the law enforcement official said . They believe Loughner was unemployed at the time of the shooting , according to the official . Months before Saturday 's shooting rampage , one of Loughner 's former instructors said he saw Loughner as a threat and kicked him out of class . Loughner was "  physically removed " from the Pima Community College algebra course in June -- less than a month after it began -- instructor Ben McGahee told CNN . McGahee said Loughner sometimes shook , blurted things out in class and appeared to be under the influence of drugs at times , McGahee said . "  I was scared of what he could do , " McGahee said . "  I was n't scared of him physically , but I was scared of him bringing a weapon to class . " The 9mm pistol used in Saturday 's shootings was purchased at a gun store in November , FBI Director Robert Mueller told reporters Sunday . And a law enforcement source said the suspect tried to buy ammunition at a Walmart store but was turned down because of his behavior . Another Walmart store later sold him the ammunition , the source said . When he tried to enlist in the Army in 2008 , the service rejected him for reasons it says it ca n't disclose due to privacy laws . But an administration official told CNN on Sunday that Loughner had failed a drug test . In postings on the social-media sites YouTube and MySpace , Loughner railed against government "  mind control , " being surrounded by people he considered illiterate and the illegitimacy of the U.S. government . In class , McGahee said Loughner accused him of violating his free-speech rights : "  And of course free speech is limited in the classroom . " One such outburst was "  the straw that broke the camel 's back , " and McGahee -- who had already raised concerns about Loughner with administrators -- had him removed . Loughner "  needed psychological help , " and McGahee said he was not surprised to hear his former student was the suspect in Saturday 's bloodbath . "  This guy was mentally disturbed . He was very isolated , " he said . In a statement Saturday night , Pima Community College said Loughner was suspended after a series of run-ins with campus police between February and September , capped by the discovery of a YouTube video in which he accused the college of operating unconstitutionally . Loughner quit school after the suspension , the college said -- and it warned him that to return , he had to present a doctor 's note stating that his presence would not be "  a danger to himself or others . " McGahee said the school responded to complaints about Loughner but "  they did n't do it early enough . " "  I think they did the best they can do , but as far as the time frame goes it could have been shortened , " he said . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Bill Mears , Jessica Yellin and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : A law enforcement official says suspect 's parents were cooperative when interviewed Jared Lee Loughner faces federal charges in slayings , is n't talking to investigators Federal public defender has been appointed to represent Loughner Court documents say "  my assassination " and "  I planned ahead " scrawled on envelope
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Tickets for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa have gone on sale . Italy will be looking to defend their World Cup trophy in 2010 in South Africa . Just over three million tickets are available for next year 's 64-match tournament , the first to be held in Africa , although only half of those will be sold to the public . Requests for tickets can be made on the FIFA.com Web site from February 20 until March 31 . Applications will be followed by a random draw for tickets on April 15 . Fans around the world can apply for the first 740,000 tickets now . Applications can be made for individual tickets or team-specific ones . There will be four further sales periods , with the second running from May 4 to November 16 . Unlike the first-sales phase , applications will be dealt with on a first come first served basis . Are you planning to go to the World Cup in South Africa ? Let us know your thoughts on the first Africa hosted World Cup Later in the year , 570,000 will be made available to supporters of qualified countries and a further 344,000 will also be made available to those buying tickets through an official tour operator . "  Our ticketing policy has been drawn up to reflect our determination to ensure that FIFA 's flagship competition is accessible to all football fans , " said Jerome Valcke , FIFA secretary general . Owing to South Africa 's location , demand for tickets overall is expected to be down on the 20 million requests made for 750,000 tickets at the first stage of the last World Cup in Germany . Prices range from $ 80 for the cheapest ticket in the group stages up to $ 900 for the most expensive seat in the house to watch the final in Johannesburg on July 11 next year . A special $ 20 ticket , making up 15-20 percent of the total , can only be bought by South African residents to encourage local attendance . Only South Africa as hosts have so far qualified for the tournament , which kicks off on June 11 , also in Johannesburg . The organizers , already beset with problems during construction of stadiums that led to speculation the tournament would have to take place elsewhere , will hoping to avoid a repeat of the empty-seat fiasco of the last two World Cups . Of the 700,000 tickets available for sale overseas for games in Japan , more than 40 percent were reserved for national associations and around 30 percent for sponsors . Only between 50 and 60 percent of these set-aside allocations sold out leading to anger among traveling fans without tickets . And the same thing happened in Germany , when stadium announcers boasts of games being a sell-out were met with ironic cheers from the stands .	First lot of tickets have gone on sale for 2010 World Cup in South Africa Three millions tickets in total will be made available for 64 matches Prices range from $ 20 for a South Africa resident to $ 900 for the final itself
CNN  -- HBO 's deadly "  Game of Thrones " returned Sunday night with one ominous rallying cry -- "  All men must die " -- and few disappointments . Now that it 's in its fourth season , the fantasy series could be excused if it started to show wear and tear . After all , we 've seen programs with simpler plots and fewer cast members lose their edge in less time . But Sunday 's premiere , "  Two Swords , " proved that creators David Benioff and D.B. Weiss are just getting started . In fact , the only real letdown for fans did n't have anything to do with "  GoT " at all , but HBO 's mobile platform HBO Go , which crashed due to an overwhelming demand for Sunday 's premiere . HBO Go crashes under heavy ` Game of Thrones ' demand Adapted from George R.R. Martin 's "  A Song of Ice and Fire " book series , "  Game of Thrones " is at its heart a bloody race for power between competitive houses in Westeros . After the third season left avid watchers in a state of shock thanks to a gruesome wedding ceremony , they returned on Sunday to find the "  Game 's " major players repositioning themselves on the board . With the famous Stark Valyrian steel sword split in two by Hand of the King Tywin Lannister  Charles Dance  , viewers were made keenly aware of the fissures that abound throughout the Seven Kingdoms . Daenerys Targaryen  Emilia Clarke  is building an army while trying to keep a handle on her still-growing dragons , and Arya Stark  Maisie Williams  has begun to cross out names on her list of vengeance . In the North , the Free Folk -- or the Wildlings as they 're called -- have their eyes trained on breaching the Wall where the men of the Night 's Watch , including a Jon Snow  Kit Harington  ready to pay for his broken vows , stand guard . And in King 's Landing , where the precious Iron Throne sits , the ruthless and rich Lannisters are not as secure as they 'd like to believe . With a grand wedding approaching for the young King Joffrey , there are visitors from Dorne afoot -- and they , too , like to pay their debts . "  Right off the bat , season four sends the viewer a signal : Forget the Westeros you knew , " warns the A.V. Club 's Erik Adams , who gave the episode a B + grade . "  Forget where on the board you 've mentally placed any of ` Game Of Thrones " chess pieces . It 's not a reboot , but ` Two Swords ' is a starting place that feels distinct . " While "  fortunes have risen and fallen while we were away , and the awful power of King Joffrey seeps deeply into the Seven Kingdoms , " the episode "  stealthily belongs to the Starks -- who are down , but not out . That 's an enticingly rich way to begin a season . " Time magazine 's Eric Dodds agrees that while "  the Lannisters appear strong and unchallenged with the Starks out of the picture and Jaime returned home only slightly worse for wear , the cracks are readily apparent . ... By all accounts , the season-opener was setting the table for what promises to be a season filled with violence and intrigue . For now , the fear is only creeping in along the edges . Once it arrives in full , that 's when the real fun is likely to begin . " It 's true that not much happened in the way of action -- by "  GoT " standards , anyway -- but it was rich in character development , says The Daily Beast 's Andrew Romano . "  A  nd character , ultimately , is what ` Game of Thrones ' does best , " he observes . "  Some viewers might even complain that there was n't enough sex or swashbuckling in ` Two Swords ' -- that the episode was ` slow . ' But it is in these slow moments -- the moments between each big plot twist , when showrunners D.B. Weiss and David Benioff decelerate the narrative to linger over the nuances of character -- that ` Game of Thrones ' truly distinguishes itself from other epic television series . " Even better , The Hollywood Reporter 's Tim Goodman says that the next two episodes should be just as good . "  The consistent excellence in ` Game of Thrones ' is truly something to behold , " Goodman says in a review . "  Even in three episodes , viewers will sense things tightening up -- that winter and war are coming and they are coming on full-stop . If there 's anything to complain about with ` Game of Thrones ' it 's the 10-episode seasons , which cry out for 13 episodes given the immense world that ` Thrones ' inhabits . "	"  Game of Thrones " began its fourth season on Sunday Critics say it upheld the show 's reputation as one of the best programs on TV While it was n't as action-packed , it did explore character development The subsequent two episodes are expected to be just as good
CNN  When an officer kills an unarmed suspect , the question arises time and again : Can a police department investigate a high-stakes case involving one of its own , without bias ? For Wisconsin residents decrying the death of unarmed teen Tony Robinson , the question is n't even an issue . "  The investigation is being conducted by the state . We have a new law here in Wisconsin where departments are no longer conducting their own internal investigations for officer-involved shootings , " Madison Mayor Paul Soglin said . In fact , Wisconsin is one of only two states with such legislation . The other is Connecticut . And that brings some comfort to Robinson 's family . "  I trust Wisconsin and the way they 're handling the investigation , " Robinson 's uncle Turin Carter told reporters . "  We spoke to investigators from DCI  Department of Criminal Investigation  . We trust them , and we trust them to handle this with integrity and to treat it as it comes . We do n't want our biases involved , we do n't want anybody else 's . We want them to act strictly as fact-finders , and that 's what we believe in , and we have confidence in that . " Wisconsin 's law , which was enacted just last April , requires "  an investigation that is conducted by at least two investigators ... neither of whom is employed by a law enforcement agency that employs a law enforcement officer involved in the officer-involved death . " After that , investigators must provide a report to the district attorney . If the district attorney determines there are no grounds to prosecute the officer involved , then the investigators must release their report to the public . Connecticut 's law requires the state 's Division of Criminal Justice with investigating any deadly force by law enforcement , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . The state 's chief attorney can appoint a special prosecutor , and the law also allows anyone to make a written request to the chief attorney to appoint a special prosecutor , the NCSL said . After that , Connecticut 's Division of Criminal Justice must submit a report to the state 's chief attorney detailing whether the use of deadly force was appropriate . While such laws are rather novel , a dozen other states have proposed measures about appointing special prosecutors for , or providing independent investigation in , officer-involved deaths , according to the NCSL . They include California , Connecticut , New York , Texas , Missouri , Minnesota , West Virginia , Kansas , Illinois , Tennessee , Mississippi , Oklahoma . "  Typically it does n't work when you have to police yourself , " said Mel Robbins , a CNN legal analyst who has began her career as a New York City public defender and now practices criminal law for Legal Aid Criminal Defense Society . "  This is why we have whistle blower protective statutes because people inside an organization will do everything they can to shut that person up . "  Having laws that require an outside agency to investigate would actually help police and prosecutors , " she said . "  There 's a suspicion that many have that police are corrupt . Many are not , but that is the perception . To begin to address that , these laws are needed . " She noted the case of Tamir Rice , a 12-year-old Cleveland boy who was playing with a pellet gun when an officer shot him dead in November 2014 . After they were pressured from the child 's family and the public , the police released surveillance footage that showed that officers who arrived on the scene before the shooting did not administer first aid to the boy . Robbins thinks it 's best to let a unit of prosecutors within the attorney general 's office to review police-involved shootings rather than create an entirely new outside agency . CNN legal analyst and former New York City prosecutor Paul Callan said there are several reasons why outside entities , such as special prosecutors , are n't tasked with reviewing police shootings . "  Traditionally , elected district attorneys think they 've done a fair and reasonable job with cases , " he said . "  And frankly they perceive  appointment of a special prosecutor  as an insult and an attack on their integrity . It implies they are incapable of investigating police . "  There are "  powerful political forces lobbying against this kind of legislation , " Callan said . It 's also very costly to create parallel investigative structures just for police shootings , he said , and when budgets are already stretched thin , the idea of creating a new bureaucracy is n't appealing . Callan also noted the possibility that the appointment of a special prosecutor could work against minorities in certain situations . "  For the first time we are seeing minorities coming to political power in large U.S. cities and getting to the point where they can elect African-American or Hispanic district attorneys , " he said . "  If a special prosecutor is appointed by a governor -- maybe a governor who is white who would appoint someone who is white -- does that really work to answer the call  for justice  ? In the end you could have minorities deprived of power and not treated fairly by the system . " Though Wisconsin 's law has been in place for less than a year , it has already been applied in another officer-related killing . Milwaukee police officer Christopher Manney shot Dontre Hamilton , a mentally ill man , more than a dozen times last April . The officer said he opened fire when Hamilton grabbed his baton and struck him with it . Manney was not charged in the death , but he was fired for not following protocol . Robinson 's death stirred memories of two other unarmed men killed by police : Michael Brown , who was shot by officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson , Missouri , and Eric Garner , who died at the hands of New York police officer Daniel Pantaleo . But there are stark differences between Robinson 's case and the two others . After Brown 's death in August , Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson asked the neighboring St. Louis County Police Department to investigate . The case was not investigated by the state and was referred to a grand jury -- just like in Garner 's case . "  The decisions of grand juries not to indict the officers involved in the deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown raised two primary concerns , " the NCSL said . "  First , many were worried that since the evidence on which grand juries base their assessment is sealed , there is no opportunity for public scrutiny of their decisions . "  Second , there was apprehension over the decision not to appoint a special prosecutor in either case . Some are concerned that police may receive favorable treatment due to the close proximity in which law enforcement and district attorneys work . " Robinson 's case wo n't just by handled by state investigators ; it 'll go through another layer of scrutiny by the district attorney 's office , Koval said . "  The State of Wisconsin 's Division of Criminal Investigation  DCI  has the exclusive authority to investigate all elements of the officer involved shooting -- forensics , interviews , technology feeds , etc. , " Koval wrote on his official blog . "  This investigation is then turned directly over to the second layer of review , the District Attorney 's Office , who then makes a ruling on the question of whether there is criminal culpability on the part of my officer . " After the deaths of Brown and Garner , President Barack Obama announced the "  Task Force on 21st Century Policing , " aimed at strengthening trust between communities and officers and identifying which practices can be improved . The task force 's interim report , released this month , calls for independent investigations and independent special prosecutors in officer-related deaths . "  The importance of making sure that the sense of accountability when , in fact , law enforcement is involved in a deadly shooting is something that I think communities across the board are going to need to consider , " Obama said . "  We have a great opportunity , coming out of some great conflict and tragedy , to really transform how we think about community law enforcement relations so that everybody feels safer and our law enforcement officers feel , rather than being embattled , feel fully supported . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Julie In and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Wisconsin state investigators -- not local police -- will investigate Tony Robinson 's killing by officer Wisconsin and Connecticut are the only states that require independent probes in such cases 12 states have pending legislation requiring outside entities to examine police involved shootings
CNN  -- Football has traditionally been a male preserve -- but no more , according to a U.S. academic who says social media is helping grow women 's interest in the sport . Facebook statistics show female interest in teams considered World Cup underdogs -- such as Iran , Colombia , the U.S and Costa Rica -- is well over 40 % in the number of posts mentioning those countries . Iran received over 472,927 social mentions , with 43 % of those coming from women , while of the 3.25 million mentions relating to Costa Rica , 46 % were from female contributors . "  The additional attention that social media has given the sport offers women additional outlets to access the tournament that they may not have traditionally had " , says Stacy Torres , a doctoral student in Sociology at New York University . "  Now women can follow the games more independently with social media and unprecedented streaming options , " added Torres , an avid Chile fan who has written about the experience of being a Chile fan at the World Cup for New Republic . Of the people talking about Costa Rica 's 1-0 surprise win over Italy in the group stages , 44 % of them were women , while Colombia goalkeeper David Ospina has over 27,487 mentions on social media , with 61 % of them women . "  There was strong engagement among younger women supporting Mexico , specifically mentioning "  Chicharito , " -- Javier Hernandez 's nickname , who scored the last goal in Mexico 's game with Croatia , " added a Facebook spokesman . Chile 's success in the World Cup -- the South Americans were regarded as unlucky to go out in the last 16 stage after Brazil 's penalty shootout win -- has arguably also shown the cultural significance of the tournament . "  This is what the World Cup is about , " said Torres . "  My father has taught me how to relish Chile 's flair , energy and heart . Today we feel sad and disappointed but not defeated . For us , they 've already won . " Brazil 's soccer soul : A love too deep to bear ? Julio Cesar : We must not fail And the World Cup semifinalists will be ...	Female participation is higher when supporting the underdogs at the World Cup . Iran received over 472,927 social mentions of which 43 % came from a female audience Costa Rica have one of the highest percentages of female contributors on social media Women led the social media buzz in the Group A game between Mexico and Croatia .
CNN  -- Much has been made in recent years about America 's growing gap between rich and poor . I 'm sure you feel beaten over the head with statistics comparing the struggling 99 % with the top 1 % of earners , those chosen few whose economic and political clout of rich few has increased to levels not seen since the Great Depression . So I 'll spare you the stats and simply ask one question that 's not considered nearly often enough in the post-Occupy era : Is America 's current income distribution fair ? Forget about how we got here . Forget the Wall Street suits and the cardboard-holding protesters . Obama and Romney . Bloomberg and Buffett . Pretty much delete 2007 to 2013 from your brain . Is the system fair ? And what information do you need in order to decide ? For intellectual guidance , I 'm turning to the work of the late philosopher John Rawls , whose 1971 book "  A Theory of Justice " was written about eight years before this rich-poor gap in the United States started to widen . Rawls argues , in a roundabout way , that a society is unfair if its citizens would not agree to be randomly reassigned to another income class . Michael Norton , an associate professor at Harvard , explained it to me this way : Imagine you 're moving to a new country , but when you do , you will randomly be assigned to any income level that currently exists in that society . Would you move ? If so , it 's fair . If not ? Well ... This idea is great as far as thought experiments go , but how should I know whether I would make that gamble ? Like most Americans , I tend to come into contact with people who are very much like me , economically at least . Most of my friends have gone to college . Many hold jobs in highly skilled industries . There 's a range , and I do live in a neighborhood with a serious homelessness problem , but I do n't engage the full spectrum of modern American wealth -- from the very poor to the extremely rich -- in my day to day life , and I bet that you do n't either , if you 're honest . It 's hard to assess the state of inequality if it 's partly invisible . Would I play that John Rawls lottery ? I 'm not sure . So I 'm going to test this theory in real life . And I 'm going to call it the Rawls Test , named for the philosopher whose work inspired this journey . This week , I 'll be going to an undisclosed location , which happens to be the most unequal place * in America . I 'm going to meet people from all five income brackets , spend time with them , trying to get a real understanding of the economic challenges they face . Step away from the statistics . And then I 'll decide : Is this the America I want to live in ? Do you ? Does everyone in this country have a more or less equal chance of success if they work hard and want to get ahead , as politicians from both parties argue they should ? Consider this a referendum not on this undisclosed place but on inequality in America writ large . The Rawls Test and the stories that will follow originated with you . This summer , I asked readers of this column to vote on five stories you wanted me to cover as part of the Change the List project . Income inequality was the top pick , with 16,789 of 32,546 voters putting this issue in their top five . This test is just the start of a big conversation on the topic . I invite you to follow the journey on a Tumblr called "  Rawls Test , " or on Twitter . I 'll be tweeting with the hashtag #rawlstest . If you have questions about the project or for the people I encounter , please ask . At the end of the experiment , I 'll ask you to consider this fairness question with me . Then , if needed , we can get into the messy details about what would make our society better . Until then , think about the Rawlsian lottery and whether you might play it . And wish me luck ! * Data note : There are many ways to measure the "  most unequal place " in the United States . By one measure , which I 'm not disclosing for fear of giving away the location , I 'm in the most unequal place in the country . By others , I could be in New York . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Income inequality will be the focus of the next Change the List story 16,789 of 32,546 CNN voters picked the topic ; it was the top choice John Sutter is traveling to the most unequal place in America Follow the journey on this "  Rawls Test " blog on Tumblr
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States imposed stiff sanctions against Iran on Thursday , targeting two Iranian military groups and a number of Iranian banks and people it accuses of backing nuclear proliferation and terror-related activities . "  What this means is that no U.S. citizen or private organization will be allowed to engage in financial transactions with these persons and entities , " Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said . "  In addition , any assets that these designees have under U.S. jurisdiction will be immediately frozen . " Rice and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson made the announcement in a brief appearance before reporters on Thursday morning . Rice accused Iran of "  pursuing nuclear technologies that can lead to a nuclear weapon ; building dangerous ballistic missiles ; supporting Shia militants in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq , Afghanistan , Lebanon and the Palestinian territories ; and denying the existence of a fellow member of the United Nations , threatening to wipe Israel off the map . " Watch Rice tell why sanctions are being imposed " "  Many of the Iranian regime 's most destabilizing policies are carried out by two of its agencies : the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , or the IRGC , and the Quds force , an arm of the IRGC , " she said . She said the sanctions were being imposed "  because of the Revolutionary Guard 's support for proliferation and the Quds force support for terrorism . " The United States also designated three Iranian state-owned banks for sanctions , two of them "  for their involvement in proliferation activities " and the other "  as a terrorist financier , " Rice said . "  Iran funnels hundreds of millions of dollars each year through the international financial system to terrorists , " Paulson said . "  Iran 's banks aid this conduct using a range of deceptive financial practices intended to evade even the most stringent risk management controls . " The Revolutionary Guard Corps , he said , "  is so deeply entrenched in Iran 's economy and commercial enterprises , it is increasingly likely that , if you are doing business with Iran , you are doing business " with the corps . "  We call on responsible banks and companies around the world to terminate any business with Bank Melli , Bank Mellat , Bank Saderat , and all companies and entities " of the corps , Paulson said . The move marks the first time the United States has attempted to punish another country 's military through sanctions . Previous sanctions imposed by the United States have been tied to Iran 's nuclear program . The United States has been working with other world powers to halt what they believe is Iran 's intent to develop a nuclear arsenal . Iran says it is pursuing nuclear power for peaceful reasons . Mohamed ElBaradei , director-general of the United Nations ' International Atomic Energy Agency , said last month that Iran 's declared nuclear material has not been diverted from peaceful use and criticized U.S. rhetoric regarding Iran . The Quds Force is blamed by the U.S. military for training and arming Shiite militias in Iraq and smuggling highly lethal explosives into Iraq , where they are used to attack coalition forces . Iran denies the charge . "  If the Iranian government fulfills its international obligation to suspend its uranium enrichment and reprocessing activity , I will join my British , French , Russian , Chinese and German colleagues , and I will meet with my Iranian counterpart any time , anywhere , " Rice said . "  We will be open to the discussion of any issue . But if Iran 's rulers choose to continue down a path of confrontation , the United States will act with the international community to resist these threats of the Iranian regime . " Last month , representatives of world powers announced that unless a November report shows a "  positive outcome " of talks with Iran about its uranium enrichment program , they will move ahead with plans for a resolution imposing additional sanctions on the country . The U.N. Security Council has repeatedly demanded that Iran suspend enrichment of uranium and has imposed limited sanctions on Tehran for refusing to comply . The European Union is weighing its own unilateral sanctions . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kathleen Koch and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	U.S. puts sanctions on Iran 's Revolutionary Guard , banks , individuals Revolutionary Guard accused of supporting nuclear proliferation Guard 's Quds force said by U.S. to support terrorism Sanctions mean financial assets of Revolutionary Guard , others , are frozen
CNN  -- President Obama needs to send U.S. marshals to Southern California . They can protect the Central American women and children whom the federal government has sent out West , with more due to arrive every 72 hours under an immigrant redistribution plan hatched by the Obama administration . The next group of immigrants is expected to arrive on July 7 . The marshals could ensure that nobody interferes with this federal law enforcement operation , as was done last week by angry protesters in Murrieta , California , a small town in southwest Riverside County , about 70 miles north of San Diego . It was there that the Border Patrol had planned to process about 140 women and children who had , just a few hours earlier , arrived on a plane from South Texas . More than 52,000 unaccompanied minors have been caught trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border since October . I 've written about immigration for 25 years and , from my many visits to the U.S.-Mexico border , and the tours I 've taken with Border Patrol agents in Arizona , Texas and California , I know this much : The war against immigrant smugglers is a battle of wits and a contest of wills . In managing the border children crisis , the Border Patrol recently showed wits . Now , by sending in the marshals , Obama can demonstrate the will . Last week , on the Fourth of July , Border Patrol agents avoided some unpleasant fireworks by outsmarting dozens of those who are against the buses and those who are n't . Both crowds had descended on Murrieta anticipating a repeat of what had happened three days earlier , when the group protesting the arrivals blocked and turned around three Department of Homeland Security buses carrying the women and children . In both protests , Murrieta police officers were on the scene . But during the first one , they were worthless . They should have arrested those protesters who blocked Border Patrol buses and forced them to retreat . They were better during the sequel , and , in fact , arrested a handful of people . While the dueling crowds were facing off in Murrieta , the Border Patrol took a detour from the airport and transported the immigrants to another processing center in San Ysidro , about 15 miles south of San Diego . There will likely be more protests in California over the next few weeks . If things get out of hand , someone could get hurt . That 's why we need U.S. marshals , to prevent that from happening . I should n't have to make federal case out of this , because it already is one . It 's a federal policy that lets these children stay in the United States with relatives . They 're in the custody of a federal agency , in a federal law enforcement vehicle , driven by federal law enforcement officers . It 's the federal government 's job to protect its personnel and the people being transported and to ensure that this operation is not sidetracked by mob rule , even if that means arresting those who get in the way . The images coming out of Murrieta reminded me of another group of protesters intent on defying an order from the federal government : white Southerners in the 1960s . They also terrorized children , African-Americans who sought to attend desegregated public schools , much as the children on the bus were terrorized by the angry mob . It 's not a perfect comparison ; the children on the bus were undocumented immigrants , many of whom might qualify for refugee status if they can show "  credible fear " of returning to their home countries . The African-American children were U.S. citizens . Still , I was n't the only person in America thinking that we had seen this movie before . "  This green-eyed and blond-with-gray woman who is 74 years old can not believe that ` my fellow citizens ' have n't learned anything over the last 50-plus years , " wrote one reader . "  I remember college friends who went to Alabama and Mississippi to help register voters , teach people to read , march for civil rights for ALL of us , no matter what color or race or socioeconomic status . Opinion : The right fate for immigrant kids "  The screaming and hateful people in  Murrieta  reminded me of the people who screamed at little black kids walking to schools  accompanied by law enforcement  , who treated James Meredith and Autherine Lucy and so many young people horribly . It is so sad that after all these years , so many people have n't gotten a clue about decency and kindness . " In 1956 , Lucy was the first African-American to attend the University of Alabama . In 1962 , Meredith became the first African-American to attend the University of Mississippi . Both students were tormented by classmates . Once Meredith enrolled at Ole Miss , rioting broke out on the Oxford , Mississippi , campus . Attorney General Robert Kennedy sent 500 U.S. marshals to maintain order and protect the civil rights pioneer . By trying to thwart the intent of the federal government , the Murrieta mob seems to want to relive the '60s . Fine . Let 's go back to the '60s . Send in the marshals .	Ruben Navarrette : Obama needs to send U.S. marshals to protect women , kids at border Federal law enforcement relocation operation met with protests in Murrieta , California On July 4 , Border Patrol tricked the anti-immigration protesters by going somewhere else The faces in Murrieta reminded Navarrette of white Southerners blocking desegregation
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- The city of Dubai is offering gold as an incentive for a weight loss initiative it will launch this week . The "  Your Weight in Gold " program , which begins Friday registering and weighing participants in different parts of Dubai , will last about a month . The final weigh-in will take place August 16 , after the end of the holy month of Ramadan . To qualify , contestants must lose a minimum of two kilograms  4.4 pounds  during the month , and they will receive one gram of gold for each kilogram of weight lost . Based on market prices Thursday in the United Arab Emirates , two grams of gold would be worth about $ 82 . The three people who lose the most weight will be entered into a drawing for a gold coin worth more than $ 5,400 . Would you lose weight if money were at stake ? According to the statement by the Dubai Municipality , those taking part in the contest can register on any day during the month but must be overweight . Contestants are not allowed to use unhealthy methods to lose weight . "  Ramadan is the most appropriate season to launch such initiatives , as it reminds us about many health benefits of reducing weight and encourages us to take strong steps to change our bad lifestyles , " said Hussain Nasser Lootah , the director general of the Dubai Municipality . Ramadan requires fasting from sunrise to sunset , but many people overeat when they break their fast . Dubai is famous for its big shopping malls , fast food chains and soaring summer heat that makes it difficult for people to exercise outdoors . Two years ago , the municipality launched the "  Yallah Walk " initiative , which created walking tracks in different parts of the city to encourage a healthier lifestyle . Obesity is a big problem in the Arab Gulf countries . In the United Arab Emirates in particular , 33.7 % of adults are obese , according to 2008 data used in a recent United Nations report . Kuwait has the highest percentage in the region , at 42.8 % , with Saudi Arabia following at 35.2 % . Nearby Qatar has 33.1 % . Childhood obesity is also concerning in the United Arab Emirates . A 2005 study showed that the prevalence of obesity among youth is two to three times higher than the international standard . Against this backdrop , contests such as the one in Dubai may be a golden opportunity for change . Money talks when it comes to losing weight CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	Contestants in program must lose at least 2 kilograms during the month They will receive one gram of gold for each kilogram of weight lost Officials warn of overeating when people break their fast during Ramadan
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- A TV-size probe adorned with a painting of the Indian flag successfully rammed into the moon Friday evening as part of the country 's first unmanned lunar mission , Indian space officials said . The spacecraft carrying India 's first lunar probe , Chandrayaan-1 , lifts off from Sriharikota . The Moon Impact Probe detached from the unmanned lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 and made a hard landing on the lunar surface around 8:31 p.m. New Delhi time  10:01 a.m. ET  , said the official , Srinivasa Murthy Satish . Space official Shiv Kumar said the 34-kilogram probe hit the moon surface traveling at 1.6 kilometers per second , which is a speed of 5,760 kilometers per hour  3,579 mph  . Kumar said the probe transmitted sufficient signals to the mother craft before landing , but no more were expected after the impact . A news release from the Indian Space Research Organization said , "  The probe had a hard landing on the lunar surface that terminated its functioning . " Watch the launch of India 's first lunar mission " Ramachandra Rao Guruprasad , a spokesman for the Indian Space Research Organization , said the probe was not meant to be retrieved . "  One of the objectives of this probe is to understand the moon for future soft landings , " he said . He added that the Chandrayaan-1 was to transmit the data it recorded from the probe to the ISRO . The Chandrayaan-1 -- Chandrayaan means "  moon craft " in Sanskrit -- was successfully launched from southern India on October 22 and is now orbiting the moon . iReport.com : Feeling spacy ? Its two-year mission is to take high-resolution , three-dimensional images of the moon 's surface , especially the permanently shadowed polar regions . It also will search for evidence of water or ice and attempt to identify the chemical composition of certain lunar rocks , the group said . The craft is carrying payloads from the United States , the European Union and Bulgaria . India plans to share the data from the mission with other programs , including NASA . The Indian space agency noted that the landing came on a historically significant day -- the birthday of late Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru , who started the modern Indian space program in 1962 . Two years ago , the European Space Agency sent the Smart-1 probe smashing into the lunar surface .	Unmanned Indian probe lands succesfully on the moon Friday Probe hit the moon at a speed of 5760 kilometers per hour Two-year mission seeks high-resolution , 3-D imaging of the moon 's surface Probe will also search for evidence of water or ice
CNN  -- Riding through the streets of Moscow or flipping through channels of Russian TV , it 's difficult to escape messages from the country 's natural gas monopoly , Gazprom . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin visits the central control room at the Gazprom HQ , Moscow , January . "  I 'm driving under a huge Gazprom sign right now , " Yuri Pogorely , vice-president of Interfax , the Russian business news wire , said in a phone interview . Television ad campaigns have promoted the company as a "  national treasure " and , more recently , the business that makes "  dreams come true . " "  It can make someone think , why does a Russian monopoly need this kind of branding ? After all , there are other state-owned companies that do n't present themselves as a symbol of Russia , " Pogorely said . "  But Gazprom is not just any company . " If the Soviet Union promoted its interests through satellite states and military prowess , Russia today flexes its might on the global stage through its vast oil and natural gas fields . And no company exemplifies this more than Gazprom . "  By reputation , it is the largest and most powerful Russian company , " said Lev Snykov , an analyst with VTB Capital in Moscow . Watch Gazprom chief Alexander Medvedev explain future strategy " But its strong-arm tactics in contract negotiations with the Ukraine -- shutting off gas supplies three times in the past four years at the height of winter -- have European Union customers looking for alternatives to their reliance on Russian natural gas . The company has the world 's largest distribution system of gas , maintaining 97,560 miles  157,000 kilometers  of pipelines that stretch , like Russia , from the Far East to Europe . The perennial conflict with the Ukraine -- through which much of the natural gas supply of Eastern Europe flows -- is of deep concern to nations such as Germany and Greece , which depend on Russia for up to 50 percent and 90 percent of their natural gas , respectively . Gazprom saw its market share in the European Union drop in the second half of 2008 . Gas exports from Russia to Europe dropped 33 percent in October alone , according VTB Capital . "  The Ukraine conflict may have served as a catalyst for European customers to become more averse to Russian gas imports , " says a VTB report on the Ukraine crisis . The Russian economy , reliant on commodities , is suffering because of the fluctuating oil market , down from its record of nearly $ 150 a barrel to about $ 60 today . As a result , Gazprom saw profits fall 84 percent in the last quarter of 2008 , prompting the company to slash its dividend by 86 percent , to 11 cents a share . Russia has 20 percent of the world 's gas reserves , and is the single-largest producer of natural gas . Gazprom posted profits of $ 30.8 billion last year -- down from $ 40 billion the year before -- and its business alone accounts for 10 percent of Russia 's gross domestic product . So it 's no surprise that Gazprom is a pet project of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin . His replacement as president , Dmitry Medvedev , is a former chairman of the company . Putin 's "  interest in Gazprom is very deep . As a journalist who writes about energy issues , I 've seen him give very detailed information and knowledge about what 's happening with the company and company logistics , " said Pogorely of Interfax . "  When you hear him speak , it 's like you 're not talking to the prime minister of Russia , but one of the top company managers . " Alexander Medvedev , deputy chief executive officer of Gazprom Exports , deflects questions about the perception that Gazprom is a tool of Russian government and energy policy . Watch Medvedev explain Gazprom 's plans " "  Nobody is challenging the view that Gazprom is a very special company , that we have a mixed capital structure , the majority of our shares are in the hands of the Russian government , " he said . "  But the rest are in the hands of private shareholders , including private citizens all around the world . " The company 's goal is to become an energy leader with a diversified portfolio around the world , he said . "  Like Alexander Ovechkin ... not everyone enjoys him , but he 's a leader , and we would like to perform as good as Ovechkin in hockey , " he said , referring to the controversial Russian ice hockey star who was named Player of the Year this week by National Hockey League players . That sentiment echoes how Russians feel about Gazprom . A recent poll by the Public Opinion Foundation found one in five Russians under 26 would like to work for Gazprom . "  In rural areas , Gazprom is dramatically important for people because of our harsh winters , " Pogorely said . "  Russians love someone big who sticks up for you . OK , sometimes they may not be very nice to you . But if he cares for you and makes your life better , that 's OK , " Pogorely said . "  But if you 're doing business in Russia , Gazprom is the power you would n't mess with . "	Russia , single-largest natural gas producer , has 20 percent of global gas reserves Gazprom business accounts for 10 percent of Russia 's gross domestic product Gazprom disputes with Ukraine has seen European nations wary of the company Russian president and prime minister show strong interest in the company
CNN  -- The Obama administration will allow minors to obtain one form of the emergency contraception known as the "  morning-after pill , " dropping its appeal of a judge 's order requiring it to be sold over the counter . U.S. District Judge Edward Korman had ruled in April that the government must allow over-the-counter sales , and a federal appeals court rejected the administration 's challenge to that ruling last week . The administration had been criticized by some women 's rights groups for trying to stop contraception sales to underage females . In a Monday letter to Korman , Justice Department attorneys said the Food and Drug Administration and the Department of Health and Human Services had agreed to make the single-pill version of the drug available "  without age or point-of-sale restrictions . " "  It is the government 's understanding that this course of action fully complies with the Court 's judgment in this action , " the letter states . "  Once the Court confirms that the government 's understanding is correct , the government intends to file with the Circuit Court notice that it is voluntarily withdrawing its appeal in this matter . " The FDA has asked the maker of the single-pill emergency contraceptive known as Plan B One-Step to submit a new request for over-the-counter approval , the letter states . The agency "  will approve it without delay " once filed . But the FDA wo n't allow girls to obtain a two-pill version of the drug , saying there is less safety data available on the use of the product by younger adolescents . An Obama administration official told CNN on Tuesday that the latest court ruling meant that a version of the drug would have to be made available over the counter , and if the administration had appealed , it would have been the two-pill version . Facing that reality , officials decided to move forward with the one-pill version rather than letting the two-pill configuration hit the market , the official said . The key ingredient in Plan B is the synthetic hormone levonorgestrel , which can prevent fertilization or prevent a fertilized egg from embedding in the uterus . Emergency contraceptives are intended for use within 72 hours after sex but are most effective if taken within 24 hours . The FDA announced two years ago there would be no limits on over-the-counter sales of morning-after pills . But Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius unilaterally ordered the age and prescription restrictions , prompting lawsuits . Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington , praised the decision . "  After far too long of a delay , science has prevailed , " said Murray , who called emergency contraception "  an essential part of women 's basic health care . " "  Today 's move by the administration means the safety and effectiveness of Plan B , not politics , will dictate access , " she said . And the abortion rights group NARAL Pro-Choice America said the decision "  ends a nearly decade-long battle over lowering barriers to this important medication . " "  Health experts like the American Academy of Pediatrics and many others agree that emergency contraception is safe and effective for women of all ages , " Ilyse Hogue , president of the rights group , said in a statement hailing the move . "  We 're happy to see this long overdue victory for science over politics . " The move is likely to draw criticism from opponents of abortion rights , who had condemned Korman 's April ruling . Korman had criticized what he called "  nonsensical " government rules that he said unfairly favored the single-pill version over the cheaper , generic two-pill version . Under current policies , prescriptions are still needed for the generic version for those under age 17 . Supporters of Korman 's ruling called it a landmark decision , while opponents raised concerns about safeguards being eliminated . The FDA said in May that it was changing its regulations , allowing sales by a private pharmaceutical firm , Teva Women 's Health , to those 15 and over without a prescription . Only those 17 or older were previously allowed to buy the contraceptive . Many developed countries require a prescription for oral contraceptives , including Canada and most of Europe . Other countries sell the pill without a prescription .	NEW : Decision keeps two-pill version of drug off over-the-counter market , official says The FDA says it will allow over-the-counter sales of one-pill product A federal judge in New York had ordered the drug be made available without restrictions The Obama administration 's appeal of that ruling was rebuffed last week
CNN  -- A new study finds that 54 percent of teens talk about behaviors such as sex , alcohol use , and violence on the social networking giant MySpace -- presenting potential risks even if all they 're doing is talking , researchers said Monday . Do you know what your teen has posted on social networking Web sites ? The study looked at MySpace profiles of 500 people who identified themselves as 18-year-old males and females in the United States . References to risky behaviors included both words and photos , the authors said . Not all teens who write about risky behaviors in their profiles actually engage in them in real life , said Dr. Megan Moreno of the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health , one of the authors of the study , which appears in the January issue of Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine . They may instead talk about sex , substance use , or violence because they are contemplating doing those things , or because they want to brag without actually doing what they say , Moreno said . Even if teens have not actually engaged in risky behaviors but merely brag about them online , this can still affect their future behavior , said study co-author Dr. Dimitri Christakis , professor of pediatrics at the University of Washington and director of the Center for Child Health , Behavior and Development at Seattle Children 's Hospital . Those who lie about the behaviors to show off may receive positive feedback from others -- comments such as "  that 's great " or "  I do the same thing " -- that encourage them to actually try out the behaviors , he said . Apart from that , teens who claim such behaviors are more likely to be victims of bullying and unwanted invitations for sex , he said . In a second study , Moreno and colleagues identified 190 profiles of 18 - to 20-year-olds that contained three or more references to sexual behaviors or substance abuse . The authors then made a profile of their own , called "  Dr. Meg , " from which they sent a single e-mail to half these profiles , warning them about the risky information and offering information about clinical resources . They found that , after three months , 42.1 percent of the profile owners who received the e-mail -- and 29.5 percent of those who did not -- either removed references to risky behaviors or made their profiles private . "  It 's really not that MySpace is bad or good . I think the lesson is that it 's a tool , and how you use it determines the kinds of outcome you 're going to get , " Moreno said . Experts say the bottom line is that parents should get more involved in the online lives of their children . "  I tell parents that they should absolutely create their own MySpace and Facebook page , " Christakis said . The study inspired him to create his own Facebook account , and his 10-year-old already wants to know about his "  friends , " he said . In some cases , parents should even have their children 's passwords for these social networking sites , especially when the children are around age 13 or 14 , said Vivian Friedman , child-adolescent psychologist at the University of Alabama at Birmingham . Friedman was not involved with the study , but she is well aware of the problem . One of Friedman 's patients , the daughter of a preacher , posted nude photographs of herself online , a move that cost her father his job , Friedman said . But she said 54 percent as a figure for profiles with risky behaviors seems too high , given that most of what happens on social networking sites is "  chit-chat . " "  I have parents that catch their kids bragging about something on MySpace , and when you actually confront them , the kid says ' I really was n't doing it , ' and they can prove they were not at the party where they were supposed to have been drinking , " she said . Beyond keeping a watchful eye on risky interests and pictures , parents should also use social networking sites such as MySpace -- which had about 120 million users as of this summer -- as an opportunity to learn about their childrens ' favorite movies and hobbies , as well as their top friends , she said . "  You so often hear parents say ' I do n't even know my kid anymore . ' Here 's a very easy tool to get to know your kid again , " she said . ,	Study : 54 percent of MySpace profiles of 18-year-olds mentioned risky behaviors Authors looked at 500 randomly chosen Web profiles from U.S. teens Many teens took down content or made profiles private after e-mail warning Experts : Parents should know what their children are doing online
CNN  -- Cycling superstar Mark Cavendish will be riding for a new team next year after the collapse of HTC-Highroad , but gave no clues Friday to his eventual destination . The sprinter took his tally of Tour de France stage victories to 20 with five wins on this year 's race amid continued speculation he was going to jump ship to British-based Team Sky . He said this week that he would make public his decision within a month , but then HTC-Highroad owner Bob Stapleton announced Thursday that the team would fold because they could not find a sponsor for 2012 . Cavendish , who has been with the team for five years , was quick to pay tribute to them on his personal website . "  I am obviously very disappointed that HTC-Highroad will no longer be a team at the end of this season , " he said . "  I am hugely indebted and incredibly grateful to my teammates and all the staff for their support over the last five years and I am immensely proud of what we have achieved together . " But the Manxman , who claimed the green jersey for the first time in this year 's Tour de France , would still not reveal where he was headed . "  A number of teams have expressed interest in me riding for them in 2012 , " he added . "  I have now made a decision I am happy with and will be in a position to discuss my intentions once everything has been finalized . " Team Sky , who boast his fellow British Olympic teammates Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas , remain the favorites to get his coveted signature , but Cavendish has also been linked with new Australian team GreenEdge . They announced Friday the signing of world pursuit record holder Jack Bobridge and brothers Cameron and Travis Meyer , three of the most promising riders in cycling as they add to their 2012 roster . But they will do well to match the achievements of the soon to be defunct HTC-Highroad , who have been the most successful team in the professional peloton with their men 's and women 's teams achieving nearly 500 victories over five years .	Mark Cavendish heading for new team after HTC-Highroad fold Record breaking sprinter Cavendish "  proud " of team 's achievements Cavendish set to reveal which team he will ride for soon Australian squad GreenEdge sign Cameron and Travis Meyer and Jack Bobridge
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Most of the weapons that Mexican drug cartels use are smuggled from the United States , but the U.S. government lacks a cohesive strategy to combat the arms trafficking , according to a Government Accountability Office report to be released Thursday . Assault rifle magazines are among weapons seized in April in northern Mexico near the U.S. border . In Mexico last year , drug violence was blamed for the deaths of 78 soldiers and more than 6,000 others . This year , the drug violence has claimed more than 2,900 lives , according to the newspaper El Universal . Much of the violence has affected the U.S.-Mexico border . Over the last five years , about 87 percent of firearms seized and traced by Mexican authorities were purchased in the United States , a draft of the report says . Most of the weapons were acquired at gun shops and shows in border states , according to the report . Many of these are high-caliber and high-power weapons , including AK-47s and AR-15 semiautomatic rifles . The two agencies tasked with curbing arms smuggling to Mexico , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives and Department of Homeland Security , "  do not effectively coordinate their efforts , in part because the agencies lack clear roles and responsibilities , " according to the draft . In a statement Thursday , W. Larry Ford , ATF assistant director , said the bureau and Immigration and Customs Enforcement "  are working to finalize a memorandum of understanding to maximize our joint effectiveness to combat violent crime along the Southwest border . " U.S. agencies also face other obstacles . Officials told the GAO that some federal firearms laws restrict the collection of information of arms purchases and limit reporting requirements for multiple sales , hindering anti-smuggling efforts . Of the guns traced back to the United States , about 68 percent were manufactured there and about 19 percent were made in other countries and imported to the U.S. before being smuggled to Mexico . "  The U.S. government lacks a strategy to address arms trafficking to Mexico , " the draft of the report says . The GAO noted that U.S. anti-drug efforts in Mexico do not focus on weapons smuggling , and most of the efforts are aimed at keeping the flow of drugs from coming north , not stopping arms from flowing south . The report will say that the $ 1.4 billion Merida Initiative , the biggest drug enforcement aid package the United States has given Mexico , does not provide dedicated funding to stop weapons smuggling . Most of the weapons cross into Mexico in vehicles crossing international bridges along the border , where southbound inspections by customs officials are rare . Customs and Border Protection , which oversees the international crossings , reported that in the 2008 fiscal year , a total of 70 weapons were seized in southbound inspections . In the same time period , Mexican authorities captured 30,000 weapons , 7,200 of which were submitted to the ATF for tracing , the report says . The gap between seizures and traces is a statistic that gun-rights groups say puts in question whether the majority of illegal guns in Mexico really come from the United States . The report will be released Thursday afternoon at a hearing on arms trafficking held by the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere .	Drug violence reportedly has killed more than 2,900 people this year in Mexico Most of drug cartel weapons seized are smuggled from U.S. , report says U.S. government lacks strategy to combat arms trafficking , study says Government Accountability Office report will be released at subpanel hearing
CNN  -- Giant killer hornets have killed at least 42 people in China since July and left more than 1,600 injured and dozens more suffering from multiple organ failure and severe allergic reactions . But the Asian giant hornets are n't just a problem in China -- they 're also found in other countries , including nearby South Korea and Japan . Travelers would do well to know how to behave if they 're faced with these deadly creatures  tip : walk away , do n't run  . While it 's easy to assume that the relevant vaccinations -- and maybe an anti-malarial medication or anti-histamine -- would keep us safe on our overseas travels , such an assumption can be dangerous . There are plenty of unexpected threats out there that could turn your vacation into a nightmare -- and possibly kill you . Here are 10 of the more treacherous creepy-crawlies out there . 10 . Loa loa This disease is spread by the bite of the innocuous mango fly , but can leave victims with worms crawling out of their eyeballs .  Google "  Loa loa " at risk , the images are graphic . It 's only number 10 on this list because it wo n't kill , and may not even blind , but it 's still pretty freaky . For travelers to sub-Saharan Africa the best protection method is to cover up with long sleeved clothing and consider using insect repellent . 9 . Assassin Bug The Assassin Bug first finds its sleeping victim using its natural thermal-imaging camera , then a chemo-sensor that can detect carbon dioxide . Once it lands on the face the bug feeds on blood from the lips or eyelids -- without its victim even knowing it 's there . As the insect feeds it also defecates , and that 's how a tiny single-celled parasite can leave the assassin bug and enter your bloodstream , leading to Chagas Disease . Over the years Chagas Disease can lead to the stopping the muscular contractions of the guts , leading to the body filling up with its own waste products , or it may simply cause heart failure . The bite of an infected Assassin Bug supposedly killed Charles Darwin , after decades of suffering . Although present in the United States , this bug , and the disease it carries , is normally only a problem in Central and South America . Sleep in a romantic thatched beach hut at one 's peril , because assassin bugs love making their homes in such places . 8 . Botflies If you knew that there was a large , slow-moving fly at large in South America , and that if it landed on you it was likely to lay eggs onto your skin that would hatch immediately and release larvae that would burrow into your flesh and eat you alive , then you 'd probably squash it . But the botfly has evolved to avoid this response by "  kidnapping " other innocuous flies or mosquitoes and laying eggs on them instead of its intended host . When the "  kidnapped " fly lands on the skin , the eggs drop off , larvae burrow into the skin and make it their living dinner -- without the parent fly ever being at risk . A botfly infestation might not kill , but is messy , and it hurts . Doctors will usually cut out the larvae pustule and prescribe antibiotics to clear it out of the system . Again , the best protection is to cover up . More : Surviving the world with Bear Grylls 7 . Intestinal worms , roundworms , hookworms and tapeworms These creatures rarely kill , but they will cause discomfort and embarrassment . In more severe cases , they can grow in the brain , causing fits and seizures . Tapeworms are usually contracted when eating under-cooked meat , whereas the larvae of hookworms and roundworms do n't even need to be eaten . They can access a body by burrowing through skin , without the victim noticing . Once in your body , roundworms share their victims ' ingested food  although they can also block the intestines  . The hookworm , however , feasts on the blood . Do n't eat under-cooked meat and never walk barefoot in developing or tropical countries because the roundworm ascaris lumbricoides is said to infect 75 % of the world 's population . 6 . Irukandji The Irukandji jellyfish , considered by researchers to be one of the world 's most poisonous creatures , is only the size of a thimble . A tiny jellyfish that is almost invisible , the Irukandji has a painless sting , but can cause massive pain and suffering afterward . The threat is not just for swimmers . It 's been reported that a 45-year-old Filipino was stung by an Irukandji while fishing from a bulk carrier . The man , who was airlifted to hospital , was 25 meters above sea level when stung . It 's thought that the creature was blown up with sea spray . Jellyfish nets are n't effective either because this tiny animal can slip through . Wearing a "  stinger suit " is advised when swimming in Queensland or the surrounding region during Irukandji season , and never swim on beaches without lifeguards with reliable local knowledge . This little beast is most problematic around the east coast of Australia . More : A traveler 's guide to eating insects 5 . Wandering spiders One of the most venomous and dangerous spiders in the world is the Brazilian "  wandering spider , " or "  banana spider , " although its bites are also famous for another nasty side effect . The venom can cause involuntary and long-lasting priapism for men . Chances are the victim wo n't be able to put it to good use before he dies from the other components of this potent toxin . 4 . Bloodworms The very name "  bloodworm " sounds macabre . But the damage they can do to the human body , and the sheer scale of the problems caused by these tiny parasites , is far scarier . The larvae  cercaria  of these little animals live in freshwater snails , usually in relatively clear water . But when they sense a warm-blooded host , such as a human being swimming past , they swim towards it , penetrate the skin , move around the body , and finally make their home in the intestines , or the bladder , where they can live and reproduce for up to 12 years gradually destroying the organ that they made their home . It sounds like something out of a sci-fi film , but it is definitely not rare . Up to 200 million people suffer from schistosomiasis  bilharzia  worldwide and a large proportion of these will die prematurely from the illness . The solution -- do n't swim in slow moving fresh water anywhere in sub-Saharan Africa or South America . In other places check first . People have even contracted the disease in un-chlorinated swimming pools in Rio de Janeiro . 3 . Sand flies In South America a sand fly bite can lead to the eyes or nose being eaten away by bacteria , and in the Indian sub-continent the disease that they carry can  and often does  kill . The tiny flies do n't make a buzzing noise and can sneak through mosquito nets , making any form of defense difficult . Insect repellent , long-sleeved clothing and avoiding sand fly habitats are the best tactics . 2 . Day-biting mosquitoes Researchers are working on a dengue fever vaccine . For now , the only protective measure is to cover up and wear repellent . Most of us know that we should avoid going out at night without some form of protection against evening-biting mosquitoes , whether that is in the shape of long-sleeved clothes , insect repellent or simply staying inside . However , day biting mosquitoes can spread a disease called dengue fever , otherwise known as "  break-bone fever . " The first time the victim contracts it , he or she will probably survive . The second time it 's possible to develop dengue hemorrhagic fever , in which case one 's organs can turn to mush and bleeding proceeds from every orifice -- and there 's a good chance of death . Dengue is widespread across most of the tropics , with cases often occurring among backpackers on idyllic Southeast Asian islands , but if that 's not bad enough daytime biting mosquitoes can also spread tiny worms that cause lymphatic filariasis . Also known as "  elephantiasis , " the worms block the lymph nodes of the body 's drainage system " causing testicles to swell to the size of beach balls and legs to resemble tree trunks . In areas of India up to one third of the population may be infected , and the disease is essentially incurable . So , cover up in the day time as well as the evening , unless you know that it 's safe to bare your flesh . 1 . Candiru fish Candiru fish attacks are not a regular occurrence , but the consequences are so dire that it definitely merits its place as the No. 1 craziest threat when traveling . The way to avoid this blood-sucking fish 's unwanted attentions -- do n't pee in the Amazon . Though there 's much debate about this fish and alleged tales of its attraction to urine , no man wants one stuck in their urethra , as happened to at least one poor chap in recent years . Once inside , it will feed on flesh before surgery is required to get it out . Tae kwon do black-belt and former motor vehicle mechanic Dr. Mike Leahy is the host of "  Bite Me " TV program , which is currently being re-run on National Geographic . You can catch up with Mike at www.mikeleahy.tv or follow him on Twitter @OfficialDrMike .	Killer Asian giant hornets are n't just a problem in China but in other Asian countries Travelers should not assume vaccinations and medications will keep them safe from deadly insects Covering up is essential during travels
Federal prosecutors can no longer obtain search warrants for information obtained by journalists unless a reporter is the subject of a criminal investigation for conduct unrelated to news gathering , the Justice Department announced Friday . It is one key change in guidelines stemming from controversial federal investigations over leaks of classified information that resulted in efforts by prosecutors to obtain journalist records about reporting on national security issues . In response to the uproar , Attorney General Eric Holder conducted a review of agency policy and briefed President Barack Obama on his plans for changes earlier in the day . Obama had previously ordered him to address the matter and report back . White House spokesman Jay Carney said the president accepted Holder 's report that changed 30-year-old guidelines , which also had followed numerous meetings with members of the news media and members of Congress . Holder says he did not mislead Congress over reporter leak probe The revised guidelines used by prosecutors nationwide will be implemented quickly . No congressional action is necessary . Revelations that the Justice Department subpoenaed AP phone records and obtained a search warrant for e-mail correspondence involving a Fox News reporter as part of separate national security leak investigations provoked outrage among media . There was also concern from civil libertarians , privacy advocates and some members of Congress that prosecutors had gone too far . Obama said he was troubled at the possibility the leak investigations might chill the work of journalists aiming to hold government accountable . "  Journalists should not be at legal risk for doing their jobs . Our focus must be on those who break the law , " Obama said in May . Opinion : Obama wo n't let media do their job The Justice Department defended the scrutiny and Holder subsequently said he would never prosecute reporters for doing their job . In addition to the change on search warrants , prosecutors now have to give news organizations advance notice of subpoenas unless notification would "  pose a clear and substantial threat to the integrity of the investigation , risk grave harm to national security , or present an imminent risk of death or serious bodily harm . " That is a switch from current rules , which presumes prior notification would not occur unless an assistant attorney general finds there would be no harm . The attorney general now must make the decision about whether prior notification of a search warrant would harm an investigation . If the attorney general determines a delay is necessary to protect an investigation , it can last no longer than 90 days . But under the new rules the working presumption is that news organizations will be notified in advance and would have the opportunity to challenge subpoenas for material . "  While these reforms will make a meaningful difference , there are additional protections that only Congress can provide , " said Holder . "  For that reason , we continue to support the passage of media shield legislation . " In the case involving the AP , the Justice Department last year obtained two months of phone records for reporters and editors at the news service as part of a probe that AP said was focused on its account of a foiled plot in Yemen to bomb a U.S. airliner in May 2012 . AP was not informed until a year later . Justice says it followed rules in leak probe , but key question unanswered In the second probe , the department obtained a search warrant in 2010 for e-mail correspondence between Fox reporter James Rosen and a former State Department contractor accused of leaking Rosen classified material on North Korea . Rosen was not charged in the investigation although a government affidavit referred to him as a possible co-conspirator . Holder said it was never the intent to prosecute a reporter . The changes announced by the Justice Department include a requirement that the intelligence community certify a leak has caused harm before the attorney general would allow prosecutors to seek media-related records . The department also will provide yearly reports on the number of requests made for information from reporters . The Justice Department also will create a News Media Review Committee . That panel will include the department 's chief privacy and civil liberties officer as well as the director of public affairs , two officials who might take a hard look at requests to interview reporters or obtain their records . The department will launch a separate group called the News Media Dialogue Group which will meet in six months to review whether the changes in guidelines have been effective . That panel will include representatives from news organizations . Opinion : Obama leak ` scandal ' wildly overblown	New limits on when prosecutors can seek information from journalists in classified leak probes Changes stem from national security controversies involving AP , Fox News reports Attorney General Eric Holder briefed President Barack Obama on new policy Holder says media shield law needed to give press additional protection
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VICE  -- Faustino Barrientos has spent most of his 81 years in complete solitude and isolation . Since 1965 he 's worked as a gaucho -- the horse-riding ranchers and shepherds of the harsh southern swath of Chile and Argentina known as Patagonia . For most of his life , Faustino 's sole human contact has occurred once every two years , when he herds his cattle to the nearest town to sell . The gaucho lifestyle , which essentially consists of hunting and herding , has remained constant since the colonial era . To say these guys are lonesome is an understatement -- this is n't like moving to the country and starting a blog about local varieties of heirloom carrots . But Faustino was n't always alone . He was raised on the shores of Lake O'Higgins in a place known as Once Hermanos , which is named after his family of 11 brothers and sisters . Over the years , the siblings moved away one by one . Then their parents died , their houses were burned down by vengeful neighbors , and the land was sold . Faustino eventually moved to Argentina , traveling the country and honing the skills that would allow him to eventually return to Lake O'Higgins and live off the land for the next 46 years . While Argentinean Patagonia can be barren and almost desert-like , Chilean Patagonia is rugged in the classical sense . It 's peppered with craggy , Gothic mountains , dense forests and sparse pockets of civilization . Lake O'Higgins is located in the Ays  n region , one of the most remote areas of Patagonia . It 's the least populated region in Chile , and one of the most sparsely populated places in the world outside Antarctica . The closet thing to an urban center is a place called Coihaique , in which more than half of the region 's 100,000 residents reside , and smaller frontier settlements are home to fewer than 500 people , such as Villa O'Higgins where Faustino sells his livestock . Like most of the developing world , Faustino 's land is rapidly changing . The transformation began shortly after the Falklands War . In the mid-1970s , Chile and Argentina became involved in what came to be known as the Beagle Conflict , a territorial dispute over the nearby Picton , Lennox , and Nueva islands . This kerfuffle served as the main reason for Chile 's support of the UK during the Falklands War , another convoluted and somewhat silly conflict over a few chains of islands off the coast of Argentina that the British had long claimed as their own . At the time , Chile 's dapper general-turned-dictator Augusto Pinochet was in command and decided that Chile needed a highway to make its far-flung regions more accessible to the military . See the rest of Faustino 's Patagonian Retreat at VICE.COM So , in 1976 , the Chilean Army Engineering Command began construction on the Carretera Austral , forever changing Patagonia and its residents . By 1986 , a mostly unpaved road connected remote communities throughout the country , and the Chilean military finally had easy access to the South . Due to the increased road access , the area developed a nascent yet thriving adventure-tourism industry based out of towns like Coihaique in the North and Torres del Paine and Punta Arenas in the South . Villa O'Higgins , however , has remained somewhat isolated despite all of the recent developments . It was only accessible by plane until 2000 , when the final 62 miles of the 770-mile road finally linked the remote village to the rest of the highway  via an hour-long ferry ride to Puerto Yungay  . Faustino lives 20 or so miles from Villa O'Higgins , but those miles are of the Chilean Patagonia variety . It takes him several days to make his biennial trip , wrangling his cattle up precarious switchbacks , along the sides of ravines , through rapid mountain rivers , and , eventually , to town . He lived like this , without really seeing another soul outside his biannual trips into town , for about 35 years , until the boats came . First , about a decade ago , a government ship began cruising the lake weekly for whatever reasons the government had deemed important . Then came the semiweekly tourist ship that would take sightseers to the O'Higgins Glacier -- a favorite among the global warming picture-taking set . At 81 years old , Faustino is still spry and still does n't go to town very often , but he has somewhat adapted to the changes surrounding him . Now he retrieves his supplies from the boat and generates electricity via a solar panel , and he even recently got a new neighbor . The world is catching up to him , but it 's a safe bet that whatever time Faustino has left will be spent staying as far away from civilization as he can manage .	VICE meets an 81-year-old man who has spent most of his life in complete isolation Faustino Barrientos lives in Patagonia ; only human contact came once every two years As development changes his surroundings , Barrientos has had to adapt
CNN  -- Charles Smith insisted Sunday that the former NBA players who went to North Korea for a basketball diplomacy trip , led by Dennis Rodman , were n't paid by the repressive regime . "  Absolutely not . I think I am astute enough to understand the dynamics , especially collecting monetary dollars from North Korea . No , we did not get paid from North Korea at all , " he told CNN in a lengthy exclusive interview on "  New Day Sunday . " Smith , who retired from the NBA in 1997 after nine seasons , said an Irish online betting company and a documentary film crew paid expenses for the ex-players turned hoops ambassadors . However , last month the Irish company , Paddy Power , said it had disassociated itself from Rodman 's project after the execution of Kim 's uncle and top aide , Jang Song Thaek . Speaking by satellite from Beijing , Smith said it was n't about the money . He saw it as an opportunity to go to a reclusive country and exchange cultural information with other athletes and citizens . But he did n't see it as a birthday present for North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . "  That 's the date that was set . I did n't know it was his birthday , " he said in the half-hour interview . "  And it did n't matter to me once I found out that it was his birthday . " Smith said he felt for Rodman , who asked for his help organizing the trip and who really seemed to want to pull off a big event . "  I saw the pressure mount . I saw him change , and it was very difficult keeping him and everyone together  once controversy began over traveling to North Korea  , " he said . The trip also met with criticism because North Korea still holds Kenneth Bae , a U.S. citizen who was arrested in November 2012 , convicted last spring by Pyonyang of "  hostile acts " intended to topple the government , and sentenced to 15 years in a labor camp . Some questioned whether the players would advocate for his release , but they did n't -- at least not publicly . "  We did n't go there for that . We went there to do what we normally do , and that 's to be cross-cultural ambassadors and use the game of basketball as a bridge for exchange , " he said . Smith said the difference between this trip and other sports exchanges was that the players were n't sent as representatives of the United States . "  We 're athletes doing it ourselves , " he said . When celebrity meets brutality Smith said he has no regrets about going . He said he was able to meet some North Korean citizens and even came across one man who winced before shaking the hand of the first African-American he had ever met . Smith said the man told him they did n't have a very good view of African-Americans . The man rubbed his hand as if the color would come off , Smith said . Rodman appears to bow , sings ` Happy Birthday ' to North Korea 's Kim "  Then the next day after we talked for a while , he came up to me and said he was sorry , " Smith said . The former NBA player , who now travels frequently as a basketball ambassador , said he did n't go to any areas where people are hungry . Smith also swapped sports stories with North Korea 's sports minister and basketball players from the national team . He thinks that will be a positive outcome from the trip . "  We accomplished a relationship on the sports side in North Korea , " he said . "  Where it goes from there , I do not know at this point in time . But we established a relationship . They 've asked us to come back . Whether we go back or not , I 'm not sure . I do n't know . But there was a relationship established between a group of individuals in two different countries that do n't communicate . " Rodman apologizes for North Korea outburst , says he 'd been drinking	NEW : Smith says players were n't acting as political liaisons Players were "  absolutely " not paid by the North Koreans , Charles Smith tells CNN In 30-minute interview he says he felt for Dennis Rodman , who put a lot of pressure on himself Smith says he did n't know the date of the contest was the birthday of North Korea 's leader
CNN  -- Two U.S. Army soldiers were killed Thursday in Afghanistan , the Department of Defense said . Staff Sgt. Benjamin G. Prange , 30 , of Hickman , Nebraska , and Pfc. Keith M. Williams , 19 , of Visalia , California , were killed by an IED blast in Mirugol Kalay in Kandahar Province , the DOD said . Also on Thursday , Pfc. Donnell A. Hamilton , 20 , of Kenosha , Wisconsin , died at Brooke Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas , from an illness he contracted in Ghanzi Province in Afghanistan . With combat operations in Afghanistan ending this year , President Barack Obama has announced he plans for almost 10,000 American troops to remain in the country in 2015 if the Afghan government signs a security agreement . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry recently brokered an agreement between the nation 's two presidential candidates -- Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani -- to accept the outcome of an audit of the recent election . Preliminary results from the June runoff showed Ghani in the lead , but Abdullah alleged massive election fraud . The inauguration of the new president , originally scheduled for the first week of August , will be postponed while the votes are recounted . Violence still flares . On July 15 , a car bomb exploded in a busy market in eastern Afghanistan , killing more than 40 people , officials said , in what is said to be the deadliest attack in the country this year .	Two soldiers were killed by IED in Kandahar Province on Thursday Another soldier died Thursday in Texas from an illness contracted on duty in Afghanistan
CNN  -- Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton stormed to his third pole position in four races at qualifying for the Chinese Grand Prix on Saturday . The Briton , who will be hunting down a third successive win this season on Sunday , finished just over half-a-second ahead of Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo posting a time of one minute , 53.860 seconds in the third qualifying session  Q3  . Ricciardo 's teammate , Sebastian Vettel finished third with Mercedes 's driver Nico Rosberg joining his compatriot on the second row of the grid after a wet qualifying session at the Shanghai International Circuit . "  It 's so slippery out there , " Hamilton said . "  Trying to find the grip , obviously not making mistakes on your lap , and really putting it together , especially when you have these guys pushing you . "  So , it was a tough session . I really enjoyed it . The car was feeling great . We always have stuff we can improve but the team have done a great job this weekend . A good position for the race and I hope we can follow through tomorrow , " Hamilton added . Ricciardo , who had his disqualification from the Australian Grand Prix confirmed in the week , was pleased with second place after admitting to finding the conditions tough going . "  To be honest , I struggled a bit throughout the session , at least personally I did n't feel like I was getting on top of the conditions but then the last set of inters right at the end of Q3 we managed to get a bit more out of it and I put a good lap together , so pretty pleased to be on the front row , " the Australian said . Fernando Alonso , who won this race last season , found his Ferrari still off the pace and had to settle for fifth . And it was another disappointing day for the Spaniard 's teammate Kimi Raikkonen -- the Finn failed to make it into Q3 and will start from 11th on Sunday . All eyes are on new Ferrari team principal Marco Mattiacci who has been tasked with reversing the fortunes of the Italian team after a poor start to the season . The 43-year-old , who replaced outgoing Stefano Domenicali , who quit as team boss on Monday , told reporters he was "  extremely motivated " to succeed following Friday 's practise session . Further down the grid , the Williams pair of Felipe Massa and Valtteri Bottas continued their promising start to 2014 finishing six and seventh respectively . Force India 's Nico Hulkenberg will start Sunday 's race from eighth ahead of Toro Rosso 's Jean Eric Vergne with Lotus ' Romain Grosjean making up the top 10 . Read more : CNN 's essential guide to F1 in 2014 Read more : Why ca n't women win in F1 ?	British driver makes it three out of four poles this season Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg qualifies fourth Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel second and third respectively Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso will start Sunday 's race from fifth
CNN  -- When Apple introduces new iPhones on Tuesday , as everyone expects them to do , the company that practically created the smartphone will face an unusual task : keeping up with the competition . There 's still plenty to be said for the iPhone 's sleek , simple design , easy-to-navigate operating system and tidy "  closed garden " app environment . But as phones running Google 's Android operating system , particularly Samsung 's , have gained in popularity , iPhone owners have increasingly found themselves looking around and wondering , "  Why ca n't my phone do that ? " Many Android phones have bigger screens than the iPhone . Some are water-resistant and can even snap photos underwater . Android apps can update automatically . Users can control Motorola 's new Moto X phone with their voice , without touching it . And that 's just the beginning . Add to that the fact that many in the tech world saw the iPhone 4S and iPhone 5 as incremental advances , not the seismic leaps forward we 'd come to expect from Apple , and you 've got the more pressure on the company to ramp up the "  wow ! " factor . "  The smartphone market is more competitive overall , and in the high-end it has become a duopoly between Samsung and Apple , " said Carolina Milanesi , a consumer-technology researcher with Gartner Research . "  Many feel that Apple needs to regain the distance they once had over their competitors . " The iPhone has remained the world 's top selling smartphone , save for a few quarters when it was dethroned by phones in Samsung 's Galaxy S line . But after making up nearly 24 % of all smartphones sold in late 2011 , Apple 's device is now down to about 14 % , while Android phones account for a whopping 79 % . The iPhone and iPad "  were revolutionary when they first came out , but  rival  products that are out there now are about as close to Apple 's devices as they 've ever been , " Scott Kessler , an analyst at S&P Capital IQ , told CNNMoney . "  The question is whether Apple is going to introduce products that are different enough from their competitors . " So , what could we see come Tuesday ? The most high-profile feature that 's been rumored for the new iPhone is a fingerprint scanner . Such a security feature would let users register a finger or thumb print and use it to unlock their phone . There are reports the phone could be able to access LTE Advanced , a network that would make it faster than phones with 4G connections . That network is not yet available in many areas of the U.S. , however . Apple reportedly also is looking at adding bigger display screens for the iPhone , but they would likely be for future models , not the phones coming this week . As usual , Apple is expected to upgrade the phone with a faster processor , better battery life and an improved camera . But those are the sort of pragmatic upgrades that , while arguably most important to user experience , do n't turn heads the way a novelty like Siri , the iPhone 4S 's voice-activated digital assistant , did in 2011 . Milanesi says Apple needs something more than standard upgrades to get its mojo back . But that shot of adrenalin might arrive in an unconventional way . "  Apple needs a new ` hero product , ' but I do not think it necessarily has to be a phone , " she said . "  With technology innovation slowing down , maybe they are better off turning iPhone into a market-share grabber and showing innovation in another product . " The most likely candidate there could be the company 's anticipated "  iWatch . " Apple is all but certain to be joining the emerging smartwatch market that Samsung entered last week with its Galaxy Gear device . If Apple blows away the competition with a watch that transcends the existing options  as well as those expected from Google and Microsoft  , it could bring back some of the excitement that once met the unveiling of groundbreaking products like the iPod , iPhone and iPad . Opinions are split as to whether Apple will introduce a watch Tuesday . Apple typically does n't launch other major products at iPhone events . But an iWatch rollout later this year or in early 2014 would miss at least some of the coveted holiday-shopping season while giving Samsung and other smartwatch makers a big head start in the marketplace . Then there 's the long anticipated , but yet unseen , Apple TV set  as opposed to the Apple TV streaming device that already exists  . Moving onto customer wrists , and into living rooms , might deflate pressure to sex up the iPhone . Still , it 's hard to imagine a tech world in which the iPhone is n't seen as an elite device . That 's why , when CEO Tim Cook takes the stage Tuesday in Cupertino , all eyes will be on him .	Apple is expected to introduce new iPhones on Tuesday Many say company needs to make a splash to match its competitors Past two iPhone upgrades were viewed as incremental by some Analyst : Other products , not the iPhone , may re-establish Apple 's rep for innovation
Aden , Yemen  CNN  The streets were empty but not quiet . Shelling began to boom through the Yemeni city of Aden on Thursday afternoon as we hurried back to board the boat that had brought us here from Djibouti . Aden is a city gripped by fear , desperation and want . People line up for bread , they line up for cooking fuel , and the electricity only works a few hours a day . And from late afternoon onward , most people stay indoors . That is the time of the shelling , the daily aerial bombardment . How we got to Yemen : 30 dangerous hours in a boat Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago Thursday . But Aden remains a city not fully in the hands either of Houthi rebels or forces loyal to the ousted government of President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi . Everyone we spoke to Thursday told us the same thing : Living in Aden these days is terrifying . We visited a hospital where doctors have given up trying to count the dead and the dying who are brought in . Officials said they believe the toll of the dead runs into the hundreds . Everywhere , we felt , saw , heard and smelled the desperation . We spoke to some of the loyalist military commanders . They said they felt they were pushing back the Houthi forces . The Houthis forced Hadi from power in January , though Hadi still claims to be Yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to Yemen . Those allied with Hadi have accused the Iranian government of supporting the Houthis in their uprising in Yemen . ' A window into hell ' : Desperate Yemenis flee Saudi airstrikes by boat Since Saudi Arabia began aerial raids March 26 , it has launched more than 1,200 airstrikes . Saudi officials said they have killed more than 500 Houthi rebels . But the reality is that a good portion of the armaments the Saudis send in on guided parachutes fall instead into Houthi hands . There is , to be sure , a sense that three weeks into this operation , the Saudis are making some headway with the strikes . But given how far along they are into the operation , the expectation would have been -- especially given the aerial cover the Saudis are providing for loyalist forces on the ground -- that the Houthi forces would have been pushed further back . That has n't happened . Why is Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen ? The government loyalists have gained territory ; that is why we were able to dock . There is an area around one of the smaller ports that is reliably in government hands . But Aden 's main port will be hugely strategic for any potential ground incursion . Those forces will need to be reinforced and supplied through somewhere -- and the port is at the top of the list . Given that control of the city is still divided , there is a feeling that not enough of what the Saudis set out to do has been accomplished . The loyalists were frank with us . We are outgunned , they said . We are fighting a force that is superior to us in terms of its arms , tanks and artillery . "  We 're fighting them with automatic machine guns , " the loyalists told us . "  Those reinforcements are n't getting in to us in time . " CNN 's Don Melvin in London contributed to this report .	Control of strategic seaport of Aden divided between Houthi rebels and government loyalists Some Saudi arms are falling into rebel hands Terrified residents line up for bread and fuel and try to stay indoors
CNN  -- The deal ending the shutdown may not have put a dent in Obamacare , but the battle over implementing the health coverage law is not over . CNN Fact Check : Obamacare One venue that Republicans are turning to for leverage , starting next week : oversight hearings , beginning with some tough questions about why the rollout of the website for enrolling in health care exchanges is having so many problems . "  The American people deserve to know what caused this mess , " said Rep. Fred Upton , R-Michigan , chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee . "  Delays and technical failures have reached epidemic proportions . " Obama : Website glitches unacceptable Upton has already asked officials from the Department of Health and Human Services to brief his committee on the problems at a hearing scheduled for next Thursday . He also is asking them to turn over records of their communications with website contractors about the preparations for the site 's launch , and the problems people have had trying to use it . Logging into Healthcare.gov tough for some early registrants Additionally , the chair of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , Rep. Darrell Issa , last week wrote to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius demanding information about the rollout problems . Joining him was Sen. Lamar Alexander , ranking Republican on the Senate committee on health , education , labor and pensions . HHS official : Sebelius not available to testify Thursday One issue has been the ability to log in to healthcare.gov . A senior administration official told CNN some users , especially those who signed up "  early on , " have been having trouble logging in , but the administration is working on a fix . There also was conflicting word on whether some passwords were deleted if they were created in the first week or so after the launch . Sebelius concedes there have been implementation difficulties . "  I 'll be the first to tell you that the website launch was rockier than we would have liked , " she told an audience in Cincinnati on Wednesday , during her tour to promote Obamacare . But , she told CNN affiliate WLWT , "  There are constant improvements under way , so that we are getting people in much more quickly . " Nevertheless , a couple of Republicans have called on Sebelius to resign . "  Enough is enough , " said Sen. Pat Roberts , who has called for her to step down in spite of being a longtime friend of her family . "  Secretary Sebelius has had three and a half years to launch Obamacare , and she has failed . " Rep. John Fleming of Louisiana tells CNN he is working to collect signatures calling for Sebelius to leave . White House spokesman Jay Carney pushed back on Tuesday . "  The secretary does have the full confidence of the president , " he told reporters . And when he was asked Thursday who would be held accountable for the problems with the website , Carney replied , "  The people who are responsible for making it work are hard at work , fixing the problems that need to be fixed . " He focused instead on the benefits the uninsured Americans are now entitled to . "  The result will be millions of Americans who have insurance who did not have it before . That 's the goal . And the goal is not about the website . The goal is that the American people who have been shut out of affordable health care options in the past have those options available to them . " But former White House spokesman Robert Gibbs , while not naming names , said of the website on MSNBC , "  when they get it fixed , I hope they fire some people that were in charge . " Gibbs : Fire those who botched website Public attention may have been focused more on the shutdown fight this month than the problems with enrolling in the exchanges . But with the shutdown ended , part of the emerging Republican message is that the problems with the Obamacare website reflect broader problems with the law overall . "  I think this is emblematic of how problematic this is going to be in the future , " said Fleming . At a minimum , the implementation of the individual mandate , requiring people to get health care , should be delayed , he said . But a spokeswoman for Sebelius said the online enrollment process is proceeding . "  While traffic is down somewhat from its peak on day one , it remains high as Americans continue to seek to learn more about their new coverage options , " said spokeswoman Joanne Peters . How many have signed up for health care ? Well , it depends	Republicans point out problems with healthcare.gov Some want HHS secretary to step down over rollout White House says technical problems are being fixed It says real story is all Americans can get insurance
CNN  -- On the sidelines of the massive People 's Climate March last weekend in New York , I met an unassuming couple who were on vacation from Texas , the land of oil and gas . Hal and Helen Coon were sitting at a small cafe eating brunch , amused by the spectacle of hundreds of thousands of people parading down the streets of Manhattan in front of them . The crowd was chanting for world leaders to act on climate change , carrying signs that read "  No Planet B " and "  To Change Everything , We Need Everyone , " and generally causing a ruckus . The couple told me they had no idea the world 's largest climate-change demonstration was about to invade their casual dining experience . They were n't so much annoyed by it as unmoved . Why is everything they have to say so negative ? Hal asked . And how did they all get here ? Did they walk to New York ? I 've been thinking about Hal and Helen as the world continues to debate the merits of acting urgently to curb greenhouse gas emissions . President Obama spoke passionately at the United Nations on Tuesday , saying , "  Our citizens keep marching ; we can not pretend we do not hear them . " The scary prospect is that the protests are being heard , but that they 're not persuasive to people like Hal and Helen . I found the event moving -- and met many marchers who attended because they 're already witnessing the repercussions of the changing climate . But , especially on Twitter , I 've also met people who found any number of reasons to doubt the authenticity and urgent reasons behind the protest . We need a new way of talking about climate change -- one that includes all voices while acknowledging the fact that 97 % of climate scientists say the climate is warming and it 's because of us . It 's tempting for those of us who want to see urgent action on climate change to write off everyone who does n't see it that way . So here are six quick ideas on how to broaden the climate change conversation and make it more inclusive . This is coming from the perspective of someone who already cares about climate change , so , particularly if you 're someone who does n't , I 'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments or on Twitter . I 'm @jdsutter . 1 . Focus on community , not science Lots of placards I saw in New York focused on the science of climate change -- how the nation should listen to its science teachers , etc. . That argument already works on me . But research indicates skeptics want information about how fighting climate change could be good for communities and for social cohesion , not doom-and-gloom scenarios or scientific appeals . "  Climate change might eventually cause millions of deaths and all kinds of natural disasters . But do n't tell that to a climate-change skeptic if you want them to do anything about it . " according to an article in NewScientist in 2012 , summarizing research published in the journal Nature Climate Change . "  Instead , focus on how mitigation efforts can help people become more warm and caring towards others or how it can promote economic and technological development . " This is something environmentalists actually have been saying for decades , but the message has gotten lost . Bill McKibben , for example , who is a thought leader behind the People 's Climate March , gave a speech in 2006 emphasizing that reducing dependency on fossil fuels and cars could bring people closer together , in proximity , and consequently strengthen community ties . "  The greatest problem of the fossil fuel era on this planet is not that it 's destroying everything around us , " he said , according to an online transcript . "  But the greatest problem is that that cheap coal and gas and oil has allowed us to live in such independence of each other that we 've largely forgotten what community means , what neighbor means , we do n't depend on each other for anything real anymore . " 2 . Find common interests -- like the ` f**king fish ' There 's far too much stereotyping in the climate change debate . Those who care are labeled smelly hippies . Those who do n't are anti-nature . In reality , there 's nuance . Hal and Helen , my vacationing Texas couple , drive electric and hybrid cars , even though Hal works for an oil and gas company . As Meghan McCain , daughter of Republican Sen. John McCain , pointed out in a recent episode of TakePart Live , conservative interests are threatened by climate change . She suggested highlighting that more often . "  Republicans : You 're not going to be able to hunt and fish as much , which I love doing , if there 's no f**king fish anymore ! " she said on the show . Granted , fish are disappearing for a number of reasons , not least of which is overfishing . But oceans and forests are being affected by warming temperatures . And the underlying point -- that threats to hunting , not just to polar bears , are real , and should be considered and better understood -- is a solid one . 3 . Cut the name-calling The New Yorker 's Andy Borowitz recently wrote a satirical piece called , "  Largest Climate-Change March in History Unlikely to Convince Idiots . " I 'll admit I found it funny , but if we believe in this whole democracy thing , we should n't be content to preach to the choir , and we should n't resort to name-calling . Elected officials -- many of whom , in the United States , have balked at real climate-change action again and again -- represent people , and will listen to people who demand action . "  Calling each other idiots is n't productive , " Meghan McCain said in that video . Her comments , by the way , led a writer for Breitbart News , the conservative site , to call her "  the Hanoi Jane of environmentalism . " Which , I would add , is n't especially productive , either . 4 . Focus on money and innovation Rockefeller . Google . These are names that matter in the business world , and to pro-business conservatives . So it 's telling that both the heirs to the Rockefeller oil fortune and execs at Google have said recently that they will ditch their investments in the fossil fuels industry -- and/or groups that stunt for them . "  There is a moral imperative to preserve a healthy planet , " Valerie Rockefeller Wayne told The Washington Post . The Rockefeller Brothers Fund will "  divest itself of investments in coal and tar sands , promising to reduce that exposure to less than 1 % of the total portfolio by year 's end , " according to CNNMoney . Google , meanwhile , withdrew support for the conservative American Legislative Exchange Council , with company chairman Eric Schmidt telling NPR "  they 're just literally lying " about climate science . Those moves matter . So does the fact that clean energy stands to make a lot of people a lot of money -- and could make the economy more sustainable . That 's something Republicans should get behind , both logically and politically . "  As the impacts of climate change grow larger , the potential harm to economies will increase , " according to "  The New Climate Economy , " a recent report from the World Resources Institute and others . "  What this report shows , however , is that low-carbon policies can also generate strong growth in the medium term  5-15 years  , provided that governments make the necessary policy and investment choices . "  Building more compact cities with good public transport , for example , not only reduces  greenhouse gases  , but also allows people to move faster and more efficiently from home , to jobs , to shops and services ; it reduces traffic congestion and air pollution , and it provides new business opportunities around transport hubs . Harnessing domestic renewable energy resources can boost energy security and reduce trade deficits . There is growing evidence that clean-tech  research and development  has particularly high spillover benefits , comparable to those from robotics , information technology and nanotechnologies . " So , boom . Dealing with climate change could be good for the economy . And could have benefits for health and technological advances as well . 5 . Do n't act like climate change is all that matters Neil Cavuto , the Fox News host , has questioned whether climate change is the world 's No. 1 issue when ISIS is "  chopping off people 's heads . " It 's not an either-or proposition . We can do something about climate and ISIS -- and homelessness , Ebola , etc. . It would be a mistake , however , for climate evangelists to discount other issues in the face of this one . The world is full of problems . Climate change is one . 6 . Note that some -- well , a few -- Republicans do care I 'm a little worried the premise of this list is flawed . While Republicans statistically care less about climate change than Democrats -- and are more likely to be skeptical of climate science -- some do advocate for climate action . About 60 % of non-tea party Republicans told the Pew Research Center in a 2013 poll , for instance , that they believe there is "  strong evidence the Earth is warming . " A smaller batch -- 32 % of non-tea party Republicans -- say it 's mostly because of human activity . It 's worse , however , if you look at Congress . Only 3 % of Republicans there have said publicly that they believe that humans are causing climate change , according to an analysis by PolitiFact . THREE PERCENT ! That 's outrageous , but those who do support the science should be encouraged . And those who do n't should be aware that the politics of climate change can and should shift . And they 'll look very out of touch . The conversation needs to move from that toward what we can do about it -- together . This should n't be framed as an us-vs . - them issue . Climate change affects everyone , as U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said at a climate summit this week . And the protesters in New York were right to say we "  need everyone " in order to fix this .	John Sutter : All of us need to start talking about climate change He says Republicans are too often stereotyped , or excluded from the conversation Sutter offers 6 ways to talk with Republicans about climate change
Baghdad  CNN  -- Tariq al-Hashimi , Iraq 's Sunni vice president , disputes the government 's charges that he organized a death squad targeting government and military officials , saying the false claims are politically motivated and he has never and will never be involved in violence . "  Today it is al-Hashimi , tomorrow it will be someone else , " al-Hashimi told reporters Tuesday in the northern Iraqi Kurdish city of Irbil , where he discussed a warrant issued for his arrest by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Shiite-dominated government . Iraqiya , the Sunni-backed but cross-sectarian political bloc to which al-Hashimi belongs , has accused al-Maliki of consolidating power , saying the Shiite-backed political leader has refused to give up control of Iraq 's Interior and Defense ministries . "  I have said there is a purpose behind this and there is political assassination and today there is a fabrication to embarrass this man after all he has done over the years and despite all the sacrifices made , " al-Hashimi said , referring to himself and his efforts to bring about political consensus in the diverse country during the post-Saddam Hussein era . "  After eight years I am rewarded with this . " The warrant issued for al-Hashimi 's arrest is the latest in a series of events that have threatened to destroy Iraq 's fragile power-sharing agreement between Sunnis , Shiites and Kurds , raising fears about the stability of the country even as the last of U.S. troops are withdrawn . The arrest warrant was issued just days after Iraqiya suspended its participation in Parliament amid claims it was being cut out of the political process . The charges appear to be based on the purported confessions of three men , identified as security guards for al-Hashimi . Iraqi state-run TV aired video of the men 's confessions . CNN can not independently verify their identities . An official in al-Hashimi 's office , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of security concerns , said the three men in the videotaped confessions were security guards for al-Hashimi . The official said the men did not look distressed , though they believe they were under some sort of threat to make such confessions . Among the confessions was one by a man who detailed roadside bombings and shootings that targeted government and security officials in 2009 . The person speaking said orders at times came directly from al-Hashimi and at times through his son-in-law , Ahmed Qahtan , who is also a senior member of his staff . The man said the improvised explosive devices were produced and kept at an abandoned house belonging to al-Hashimi in the al-Yarmouk neighborhood . He also alleged that the vice president personally thanked him after a number of attacks , and that he was rewarded $ 3,000 after the first IED attack against a senior Ministry of Health official . The man in the video said al-Hashimi ordered him to map out security locations and checkpoints for the Baghdad Brigade , which protects the Green Zone . He said he was speaking out to "  clear his conscience " and "  expose this criminal . " Al-Hashimi said he had been warned to adopt certain political stances or the confessions would be aired . He said foreign political agendas and other countries moved this case against him but did n't elaborate . Iraqiya members and others have said al-Maliki is backed by Iran . Addressing reporters in the country 's Kurdish region , al-Hashimi indicated that the claims and the accusations that he engaged in these activities are absurd . He said the case should be transferred to the semi-autonomous Kurdish territory because of its neutrality . He also called for Arab League observers and attorneys from the Arab Lawyers Union to guarantee the fairness of any proceeding . That 's because at present , he said , the country 's "  judiciary has been politicized and lost its independence years ago and is controlled by the executive authority . " "  I have big question marks over these confessions they made , " al-Hashimi said . "  They can be easily disproved and refuted . But despite that , justice must take its course and everyone must resort to it , but on the condition that the requirements for justice are available . " "  I am ready , along with my security guards , to stand in front of any judge as long as the basic requirements for justice are available , " he said . Al-Hashimi questioned the legal procedure in the case and said airing confessions violates Iraqi law . He said federal court , and not the criminal courts , should handle charges against an Iraqi vice president . He also raised the issue of political immunity . Parliament members have immunity and can not be prosecuted in crimes unless their immunity is lifted by the country 's Council of Representatives . Al-Hashimi questioned why he does n't have the same immunity . "  It is strange that an investigation into various , complicated and old crimes committed over the years is concluded within 48 hours , " said the vice president . "  This proves that the confessions were ready before the arrest of some of my security guards who are suspects ; they have worked with me over the past years with the utmost professionalism and no violation or acts punishable by the law were recorded against any of them . " When asked who is responsible , he said he directs "  the blame ... to Mr. Maliki . " Since October , Iraqi security forces have rounded up hundreds of people accused of being members of Saddam Hussein 's outlawed Baath Party or terrorists . Iraqiya says the majority of those people are members of its political bloc and that the prime minister is simply taking out his opponents . The political turmoil in Iraq is raising concerns in Washington , with officials saying they are closely monitoring the reports about the arrest warrant . "  We are talking to all of the parties . We 've expressed our concern regarding these developments . We 're urging all political sides in Iraq to work out their differences peaceably , politically , through dialogue , and certainly in a manner that is consistent with democratic political processes and international standards of rule of law , " said Victoria Nuland , a spokeswoman for the State Department . Ambassador James Jeffrey has been in contact with all of the parties in recent hours , she said Monday . Al-Hashimi left Baghdad Monday for the Kurdish region for emergency talks with Shiite Vice President Khudayyer al-Khuzaie and Iraqi President Jalal Talabani . The Interior Ministry said al-Hashimi has been banned from leaving the country . The vice president questioned statements from U.S. President Barack Obama , who recently said that U.S. troops were leaving an Iraq he described as democratic . He did n't understand if Obama is being misled or ignoring "  the reality on the ground . " "  I am a vice president addressing him today and my home is surrounded by tanks . What democracy are you talking about , Mr. Obama ? " CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	NEW : Al-Hashimi disputes the warrant 's accusations The Iraqi vice president to confront allegations that he organized a death squad to target government officials The charges come amid a political crisis and sectarian tensions
CNN  -- Jackie Chan is giving fans in China a new way to get personal with the Hong Kong-born kung fu superstar . A theme park dedicated to the 59-year-old is under development in Beijing , reports state media . Dubbed the Jackie Chan World Park , it will contain five major themed areas and various cultural exhibition centers filled with items Chan collected over the years , including four antique Chinese wooden buildings . Entrance to the park will be free but visitors will have to buy tickets to enter some of the attractions . No opening date has been given . Chan , who is referred to as "  Cheng Long " in China , confirmed the launch of the park on his official Weibo account last week . According to the People 's Daily , Jackie Chan World Park will be built in the Beijing suburb of Yizhuang . Once popular with Chinese royalty for hunting , it 's now home to Beijing 's Economic and Technical Development Area . More : Jackie Chan 's US$ 30 million private jet at Singapore Airshow 2012 Shanghai is also due for some Chan exposure . The Jackie Chan Museum -- construction began in 2008 -- is due to open this year , though a precise date has n't been set . The museum is set in a renovated factory in the Changfeng Ecological Business District  CEBD  in Shanghai 's Putuo district , beside Suzhou Creek . Chan says that while the Shanghai museum will be used for displaying thousands of movie memorabilia he collected over the years , the Beijing theme park will be used to exhibit his personal collections . "  I wanted to buy everything when I was young , but now I want to donate whatever I have , " he posted on Weibo . "  One person 's happiness ca n't compare to the joy of all , only culture lasts forever . " Chan , who began acting in Hong Kong in 1962 at the age of five , crossed the Pacific to become a household name in the West in the 1990s thanks to comedic martial arts performances in Hollywood films like "  Rush Hour " and "  Shanghai Noon . " Though he 's said in recent interviews he 's going to lay off the stunts that made him famous , Chan continues to act , direct and produce films . More : World 's first Jackie Chan Museum to open in Shanghai	Jackie Chan Museum due to open in Shanghai this year Jackie Chan World Park will contain five major themed areas and various cultural exhibition centers "  I wanted to buy everything when I was young , but now I want to donate whatever I have , " said Chan
CNN  -- Salt Cay , of the Turks Islands in the Caribbean , is the only place I 've been told to keep to the left because livestock has right of way . It 's also the only place where I 've had to wave down a passing airplane . "  Do n't worry , man . You do n't need a ticket to get back to Provo , " I 'm told as I stand on the beach . "  Just stand on the airstrip , wave your hands in the air and the pilot will come and pick you up . No problem . " And he does . I 'm going to Providenciales  "  Provo " to locals  island in the Turks and Caicos islands in the Caribbean to eat more than my fair share of trumpets . "  Titan 's Trumpets , " to be precise , also known as conch . More : World 's 100 best beaches Conch fest coming up November 30 is the date of the 10th Annual Turks & Caicos Conch Festival , held at Blue Hills , Providenciales , around the Three Queen 's Bar & Restaurant  +1 6499415984  . This showcase of local culture will feature a conch-fritter eating contest , a conch-knocking contest , a conch-peeling competition and a conch-blowing tournament . Blowing a conch is all about breath control . And trying not to suffer a pulmonary infarction . The winner of the latter must produce a recognizable tune rather than a plumbing anomaly . There 's a popular folk myth that if you hold a conch shell to your ear you can hear the Caribbean -- as well as the head of marketing and PR at the local tourist board touting upcoming events . On some islands fishermen announce they have fish for sale by sounding a conch sell . When I attempt to play a conch during my time on Turks , all that comes out is a rather controversial "  Wahoo . " There 's no award for Best Conch Home Security Device . But there could be . In the Bahamas , up-turned , broken conches are used on walls to dissuade intruders . Cookery categories at the festival include Best Conch Salad , Best Conch Chowder and Best Specialty Conch , as well as Best in Show . One of the judges will be local radio personality Amishqua "  Big Nish " Selver . "  Our islands really test your conch threshold , " he says . Cooking up a conch Just about every local restaurant serves conch . Stuart Gray 's Coco Bistro  Grace Bay Road , Providenciales ; +1 6499465369  offers conch ravioli with sweet pepper and rose sauce . The Bay Bistro 's conch crepes won Best in Fest 2009 . Chef Eric at Beach House  Lower Bight Road 218 , Providenciales ; +1 6499465800  serves a conch salad with heirloom tomatoes wrapped in rice paper . Hemingway 's offers conch fingers . Blue Hills Road off the Leeward Highway has conch shacks where you "  eat " rather than "  dine . " The menu includes conch saut  ed in rum-and-butter sauce . Your waiter will even wade out to sea and select a conch for you . Having eaten conch in its cracked  fried  , frittered , sweet 'n' sour , smoked and most memorably , at Turtle Cove 's Terrace Restaurant , in its pecan-encrusted and wonton form , I eventually developed many attributes of the celebrated Caribbean gastropod . I did n't move very far . Or quickly . Along with the spiny lobster and flamingo , the conch has pride of place on the islands ' coat of arms . It must be the world 's only heraldic mollusc . Columbus discovered conch on the Turks and Caicos islands in 1492 . He described the shells as "  the size of a calf head . " Provo has the world 's only commercial conch farm and you can go on a tour and learn all you ever wanted to know about edible trumpets , like : all parts of a sea shell are edible . Except the shell . More : 50 most delicious foods A bit about the islands Provo is 550 miles from Florida . It saw its first car only in 1964 . Mopeds can now be hired to tour the 30-square-kilometer island and some of the area 's 230 miles of fairly empty beaches . It 's becoming increasingly known for its marina townhouses and "  new paradigms of home ownership . " Accommodations range from five-star , all-inclusive stalags with well-rehearsed super-casual staff and as-much-as-you-can-heap-on-one-plate buffets to tidy B&B s , such as Columbus Slept Here  +1 6499466587  . The Sibonne Beach Resort  Grace Bay Beach ; +1 6499465547  on Grace Bay is surrounded by less intimate , more impersonal developments , such as The Sands , Somerset and The Palms . The locals , or "  belongers , " are descendants of African slaves brought over by loyalists from Georgia and South Carolina to grow cotton and sisal . Most visitors are divers ; live-aboard dive boats are popular . It 's a sleepy place where a tailback means two bicyclists stopping to talk to each other on a main street . There 's more to see and do on nearby islands . On Grand Turk , Pillory Beach is where Columbus made his landfall . It 's also home to the National Museum , which possesses the hull and rigging of the Molasses Reef , the oldest shipwreck in the New World . For real exclusivity , there 's Pine Cay , where airplanes are hailed like taxis . The 800-acre privately owned island has its own airstrip and cars are banned . The favored mode of transport is electric golf carts . On Pine Cay , iguanas outnumber humans 100 to one . The Turks and Caicos Islands are great for water sports . Between January and April , whales mate offshore . Divers can check out the wreck of the British warship Endymion , which sank in 1790 and was discovered in 1991 . You might also bump into a Civil War-era steamer and blockade runner . Life here is languid and un-hectic . Especially when you factor in all the conch . For more information visit Turks and Caicos Tourism . For more information about the 10th Annual Turks & Caicos Conch Festival visit the official site .	Conch Festival takes place on November 30 on Providenciales island in Turks and Caicos Visitors can wave down a passing plane from the beach on neighboring Salt Cay Columbus discovered the conch on Turks and Caicos in 1492 , describing it as "  the size of a calf head "
CNN  -- Wild horses , raging winds and energy-sapping heat in the land of Genghis Khan ; welcome to the Mongolian steppe . This vast expanse of savannah and grassland is the setting for the world 's longest horse race -- the Mongol Derby . Equestrian 's toughest test is perhaps the last place you 'd expect to find a teenager from the English county of Hampshire . But Lara Prior-Palmer is n't like other teenagers . The 19-year-old is the youngest winner -- and first female victor -- in the five-year history of this most arduous of contests . "  It is the most extraordinary and bizarre race , it 's like the Tour de France crossed with Snakes and Ladders , " Palmer told CNN from a victory party in the Mongolian capital of Ulan Bator . "  It was really dramatic , it would be first-degree heat and the horses would be sweating , then suddenly the air would cool with wind blowing super hard . "  I wanted to do something that was going to put me out of my comfort zone I guess . Mongolia sounded like a really cool country . " The race , officially recognized by the Guinness Book of Records in 2011 as the world 's lengthiest , takes its inspiration from the Mongol Empire 's pioneering postal service . The fearsome Genghis Khan , leader of the Mongols between 1162 and 1227 , established and expanded the "  Ortoo . " It was a messenger system which saw riders travel on horseback between outposts , stopping to either rest , swap horses or pass the message onto another rider . Forty horse stations , "  urtuus " to use the Mongolian name , line the race 's 1000-kilometer route . Not that there is a course set out for the 30 competitors , who use anything from a compass , GPS or good old-fashioned intuition to traverse the landscape between each resting spot . As the race 's official website puts it , "  this is no guided tour , or pony trek . " Each urtuus is manned by local nomads and furnished with tents , beds and food for man , woman and horse alike . Riders must change horse at each urtuus . It is the nomadic tribes who provide the horses for the race and equine welfare is one of the organizers ' highest priorities . A vet is stationed at each urtuus and if the horse 's heart rate is above a certain level , the rider is given a time penalty . There is also extensive medical support for the jockeys , half of whom withdrew from the race before the finish line this year . "  There were 30 at the beginning , but not at the end , " explains Prior-Palmer . "  My body got really cross with me the day I finished , I slept all day . "  I 'm lucky because I 'm young . Any problems I had were really painful but did n't get that bad . I got really swollen ankles , chafing , a few other things , blisters and other stuff . "  The worst thing is the exhaustion , sitting on a horse may look easy but you 've got to keep them cantering . Thirteen hours a day I was on a horse . At lunchtime you 'd want to sleep but you ca n't because there 's another 120 kilometers to go that day . " Prior-Palmer 's determination paid off , although her joy came at the expense of another rider 's despair . American Devan Horn was the first rider to finish the race , but her horse failed a post-race medical inspection . A two-hour penalty ensued and Prior-Palmer was named as the winner . "  It was a strange way to win and I did n't feel very good about it because the other girl was super upset , " said Prior-Palmer . "  It 's slowly sinking in . " So what next for the teenager who made history ? The answer , it would seem , is more history . "  I begin university in September , I 'm going to study history in Edinburgh or maybe at Trinity College in Dublin , I have n't decided , " she said . "  It 's a terrible future for me because everything else is really boring . I 'll have to knuckle down with some work . "	Briton Lara Prior-Palmer , 19 , is youngest winner of Mongol Derby Race recognized by the Guinness Book of Records as the world 's lengthiest Race takes inspiration from the Mongol Empire 's pioneering postal service "  This is no guided tour , or pony trek , " says race website
CNN  -- A boy labeled the youngest detainee in Bahrain 's prison system has been released pending trial , one of his lawyers said Tuesday . The boy , Ali Hasan , was arrested on May 14 and accused of participating in an "  illegal gathering " with about a dozen others , according to the Bahrain International Affairs Authority , the Persian Gulf kingdom 's information office . Authorities accuse him of burning tires at a roadblock . Human rights groups say he is 11 years old . Authorities say he is 12 . Defense attorney Mohsin Al-Alawi said he recently visited Hasan and the boy told him that he did n't take part in an "  illegal gathering . " The boy sobbed , said he is tired and wanted to go home , Al-Alawi said Monday . Human rights groups had been demanding his release and say he was arrested as the country continues to crack down on anti-government protesters . Another attorney , Shahzalan Khamees , said Tuesday the boy was released Monday without bail or restrictions , on the promise that he would appear to face trial on June 20 . "  Since he was detained , he has one phrase that does not change : ' I want to go home . ' Now he is home with his parents and siblings , " Khamees said . The lawyer hopes the case will be dismissed , he said . "  He is a child , and under international law children can not be tried . They can make a mistake , but they can not be legally tried for their actions , " Khamees said . "  The police record states that they saw a bag of garbage in the street and blamed him for using it to block the street , " he said . Authorities should be "  more than satisfied " with the time Hasan has spent in jail "  and the damage they have caused to the boy by imprisoning him , " Khamees said . Bahrain needs to treat children better , he added : "  These are just children . They should be allowed to move like birds from one area to the next without fear of being trapped . " Authorities said Monday that Hasan was "  receiving social care and tutoring at the  detention  center . He completed his last exam of the sixth grade level on Thursday . " The Bahrain Rehabilitation and Anti-Violence Organization , an Ireland-based rights group , said Monday that there are a "  growing number of children detained for investigation in security cases . " The Bahrain Center for Human Rights also accused the government of targeting children under age 15 in its crackdown . The rights group said Hasan is the youngest detainee in Bahrain 's prison system . The government did not immediately respond to the allegation . Bahrain has been heavily criticized by rights groups for its crackdown on anti-government protests that began February 14 , 2011 , in the country -- spurred by popular uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . But the protests failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a crackdown in February and then again in mid-March of last year by Bahraini authorities -- backed by troops from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . Demonstrators and Bahraini authorities have continued to clash , with the opposition accusing the government of being heavy-handed in its crackdown on protests . In November , Bahrain 's Independent Commission of Inquiry issued a report highly critical of the crackdown . The commission , set up by the king , concluded that police had used excessive force and torture during last year 's crackdown . The report recommended reforms to the country 's laws and better training of its security forces . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Ali Hasan is freed but must return for trial later this month , his lawyer says Human rights groups say he is 11 , while authorities say he 's 12 Authorities accuse him of participating in an "  illegal gathering " and burning tires Bahrain clamped down on an uprising inspired by the Arab Spring movement last year
CNN  -- The day my daughter Marley was born , I went straight to the nursery and held her for well over two hours . I just held her and cried because I had never experienced such a love for anyone or anything in my life . I think the nurses thought I was crazy because eventually they told me I needed to go be with my wife . Three days later , before we left the hospital , the pediatric doctor told us she thought Marley might have Down syndrome . My reaction : Are you freaking kidding me ? I immediately had a panic attack and was taken to the emergency room . Thoughts were racing through my mind : How could my perfect daughter have Down syndrome ? How could they not know for sure ? How could the general ultrasound , which said we had a 1-in-18 ,000 chance of having a child with Down syndrome , be wrong ? Why was God punishing me ? How could I live with a daughter that was going to be rejected by everyone ... including myself ? I entered into a deep depression for the first year of Marley 's life . My wife became concerned about me , so I started taking antidepressants and seeing a counselor . I contemplated leaving my wife , or giving my daughter up for adoption , and suicide . I would lie awake at night thinking about my future , and searching for a reason to live . I believed all the negative things the world told me about Down syndrome , and viewed it as a curse on my family . The entire time , I could n't stop thinking about how this would change my life ! Read Barr 's original post on CNN iReport But the truth is , I felt badly about myself . At one point , I wrote a letter to myself asking why things had to be this way . I prayed for God to take my worthless life in exchange for removing Marley 's extra chromosome . I would even quietly lie awake at night contemplating how I would feel if she suddenly stopped breathing while she slept . Finally , one Saturday morning , when Marley was about 2 months old , I got up and told my wife I was going for a walk . I had no intention of coming back . I was going to leave my wife and daughter . I could n't do it anymore . But then , after I left , I started having second thoughts , and that 's when I remembered that my wife had signed up for an online support group . I ended up spending the next two hours talking on the phone about my daughter and family with a man I had never met . He had a 2-year-old with Down syndrome . I can not explain it , but after talking to him for two hours I had the strength to go home and face another day . For the next six months , I got up and faced one day at a time . Years ago , my father said to me , "  If you want to fix a problem , then do something about it . " I followed his advice . First , I tried to gain as much knowledge as I could about raising a child with Down syndrome . Next , I started calling every family I could find that had a child with Down syndrome . I owe a great deal to these families because they were willing to talk to me despite the 12-hour time difference between Bangkok and the States . I also started forcing myself to interact with my daughter . She was desperate for me to start loving her , and she continued loving me until I broke down and did the same . I was scared to accept my daughter because that would mean accepting her disability . But the reality was the only thing keeping me from loving my daughter was my own ignorance . Once I overcame my own selfish expectations for my daughter , I slowly began to see the beautiful girl that would change my life forever . Mom : Down syndrome does n't change my dreams And finally , I talked to God . I talked to Him just like He was sitting in a chair beside me because that was the true barrier in my life . I was honest with God throughout the entire process , and that is when I started finding peace . Healing is a process and a journey . I would have never experienced this life-changing transformation if Marley had not been born . It is true , there are difficult times having a daughter with Down syndrome . But it also true that she is very much like any other child . Marley smiles , laughs , plays , is able to meet many developmental milestones  albeit her own pace , with her own style  , makes mistakes , and , most importantly , completes our family . She literally brightens my day every time I see her . She 's now 2 years old , and at this age all children develop at different rates . Marley can walk ; swim ; sign and speak words ; throw and kick a ball ; follow simple directions and throw tantrums . She also knows how to manipulate her grandparents . But she has not learned how to run or jump . She is taking thyroid medication and has a small heart defect . The key is , she is very similar to most toddlers her age and every child with Down syndrome is different just like every child is different . Before our summer break , she passed an entrance exam to start at a British preschool in September with her peers who are not labeled as "  special-needs children . " In my opinion , these limitations we put on children with Down syndrome are outdated and lead to a lack of acceptance in our society . The medical community focuses on so many of the challenges associated with Down syndrome that we develop an unnecessary fear -- but these are only differences . The truth is , I am a better person today because of my daughter , my daughter who has Down syndrome . I am thankful for a wife that was willing to push me to change , and support me when I struggled . Want to respond , or got a story to share ? Write a personal essay Mostly , I thank God for Marley . I remember praying while waiting those first two weeks to get her confirmed diagnosis : "  God , if you heal my daughter , then I will give up my own salvation . " God did n't need my salvation -- that was a gift from him to me , just like Marley is a gift to us . The reality is that I am still saddened that Marley has Down syndrome , but I am beginning to realize that God can bless us regardless of our circumstances . I will never be able to fully understand why Marley has Down syndrome , but I do know she has made a difference in my life , my wife 's life , and in the lives of so many in our community . What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments below . Send your own parenting confession to CNN iReport and it could be featured on CNN.com .	Jack Barr Jr. had a panic attack when he found out his daughter had Down syndrome Barr planned to go for a walk and never return to his family , but then had a change of heart Now , he wants to encourage other parents to think differently about Down syndrome Got a parenting confession ? Share it with CNN iReport
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez froze diplomatic relations with Colombia late Tuesday , citing verbal aggressions from the neighboring South American country . Venezuelan Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro speaks to journalists on Monday in Caracas . The televised announcement followed declarations from the Colombian government Monday that anti-tank weapons purchased by Venezuela ended up in the hands of the guerrilla Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known as the FARC . In addition , Colombian President Alvaro Uribe said the guerrillas were trying to buy anti-aircraft missiles . Venezuela received a shipment of Russian SA-24 Igla shoulder-fired missiles earlier this year and showed them off at military parade in April . Chavez recalled Venezuela 's ambassador to Colombia , as well as most of the embassy 's staff . "  Leave only the lowest functionaries , " he said . Chavez also threatened to take over Colombian companies operating in Venezuela if Colombia offends Venezuela one more time . Colombia 's claims are "  mistaken , " added Chavez , who called the country 's leaders "  irresponsible . " There was no immediate reaction from the Colombian government . Tuesday 's developments came one day after Chavez signed a military agreement with Russia to buy enough BMP-3 armored fighting vehicles and T-72 tanks to double the nation 's inventory , according to the Jane 's Defense Weekly publication . Chavez said he will use the tanks in his "  Western Shield Plan " on the border with Colombia . Tensions between the two countries have been high since March 2008 , when Chavez ordered tanks to the border in response to a Colombian attack on FARC bases in Ecuador . More recently , Chavez has severely criticized Uribe for entering into negotiations to allow the United States to open military bases in Colombia . The United States says it needs the bases because Ecuador has ordered the closing of a U.S. installation there . Chavez accuses the United States of wanting the bases so it can attack Venezuela . Analysts say Chavez 's actions toward Colombia are tied to his feelings toward the United States . "  Chavez hates the United States and he wants to lead a group of countries that do n't pay attention to the United States , " said Myles Frechette , the U.S. ambassador to Colombia from 1994-97 . "  Uribe is a guy who is in tune with the United States . " Frechette notes that "  Colombia and Venezuela have complementary economies " and could sell more goods to each other under better conditions . Jennifer McCoy , director of the Americas Program at the Carter Center , makes the same point . "  It 's a conflict between two ideologies between two countries that are mutually dependent on each other , " she said . The latest dust-up started Monday , when Colombia accused Venezuela of selling arms to the FARC . Colombian Vice President Francisco Santos said army troops had found AT-4 shoulder-fired grenades in recent raids on jungle camps used by the FARC . "  This is not the first time that this happens , " Santos said . "  In several operations in which we have recovered weapons from the FARC , we have found powerful munitions and powerful equipment , including anti-tank weapons , from a European country that sold them to Venezuela and that turned up in the hands of the FARC . " The guerrillas were trying to buy anti-aircraft missiles , Uribe said . Analysts say that could change the guerrilla war 's dynamics . "  The AT-4 is much less of a heavy weapon , but surface-to-air missiles would give the FARC a much greater military capability , " said Anna Gilmour , senior America 's analyst for the Jane 's Country Risk consultancy group . Uribe said Monday that must not be allowed to happen . "  The international community must help us , " he said . "  These bandits have historically been able to rely on many sources for armaments . We have found out through intelligence that they are now looking to buy surface-to-air weapons to use against our airplanes . " Venezuelan officials denied any involvement . "  To me it seems that this is a new attack against our government based on lies , " Venezuelan Minister of the Interior and Justice Tareck El Aissami said at a news conference Monday . "  We absolutely deny that our government or our institutions are providing assistance to criminal and terrorist organizations . "  It 's laughable , it sounds like a cheap film made by the American government . " Sweden probes ` serious incident ' Officials in Sweden , where the anti-tank weapons were made by Saab Bofors Dynamics , verified that the AT-4s were sold to Venezuela in the 1980s . Anders Jorle , Sweden 's foreign ministry spokesman , told CNN the government "  considers this as a serious incident " and is investigating . "  We 've been in contact with Colombian and Venezuelan authorities to clarify how this happened , " Jorle said Tuesday . "  The weapons were part of a lot sold to Venezuela 20 years ago . No weapons have been exported to Venezuela since 2006 . " The Swedish Foreign Ministry added that the Swedish Inspectorate of Strategic Products , the authority responsible for checking weapon exports , will consider not selling any more weapons to Venezuela . The FARC most likely acquired the AT-4 grenade launchers in the past 18 months , said Jane 's analyst Gilmour . This is not the first time that Venezuela has been tied to the FARC , which has been fighting the Colombian government for more than 45 years . Last fall , the U.S. Treasury Department accused two senior Venezuelan intelligence officials and a former official of providing weapons to the FARC and assisting the rebels with narcotics trafficking . The U.S. identified one of the individuals as Hugo Armando Carvajal Barrios , director of Venezuela 's Military Intelligence Directorate . Another individual was identified as Ramon Emilio Rodriguez Chacin , who was Venezuela 's Minister of Interior and Justice until September . Rodriguez Chacin was "  the Venezuelan government 's main weapons contact for the FARC , " the Treasury Department said . "  The FARC uses its proceeds from narcotics sales to purchase weapons from the Venezuelan government . Rodriguez Chacin has held numerous meetings with senior FARC members , one of which occurred at the Venezuelan government 's Miraflores Palace in late 2007 . Rodriguez Chacin has also assisted the FARC by trying to facilitate a $ 250 million dollar loan from the Venezuelan government to the FARC in late 2007 . " Computers recovered last year in the Colombian attack on the FARC base in Ecuador showed that "  Chavez has been heavily involved with the FARC , " said Susan Kaufman Purcell , director of the Center for Hemispheric Policy at the University of Miami . "  Chavez has been modeling himself more on what -LSB- former Cuban leader Fidel -RSB- Castro used to do in terms of helping insurgencies and destabilizing countries , " Purcell said . Analysts point to Venezuela 's increasing militarization as a threat to stability . From 2005-07 , Venezuela bought $ 4.4 billion in weapons and military hardware , including 24 Sukhoi-24 aircraft , 50 combat helicopters and 100,000 AK-103 assault rifles , Gilmour said . Last year , Russia extended a $ 1 billion credit line for further acquisitions . "  Venezuela has been trying to frighten everyone in the region by buying Russian weapons , " said former U.S. envoy Frechette . He said Chavez has become increasingly frustrated that he does n't always get his way , such as in his relations with Colombia . So he turns to the Russians . Analysts : Chavez role in military sales in question Chavez 's involvement in the sale of the anti-tank weapons to the FARC is open to discussion , though . "  The more interesting question is how they got there and whether Chavez had anything to do with it , " Purcell said . Frechette agrees , saying , "  Nobody can say this was done by Chavez . " The former envoy believes there 's a good chance that the sale was carried out by corrupt officers without Chavez 's involvement . "  Do n't underestimate the corruption in that country , " he said , adding that some military officials might have "  discovered these things that have been sitting in a warehouse since the 1980s . " Whether Venezuela would sell surface-to-air missiles also is open to discussion . Gilmour says Venezuela will want to safeguard its stockpile . "  Venezuela would not want any kind of seepage because the missiles were acquired so recently and Venezuela-Russia relations are pretty positive at the moment , " she said . Purcell said Russia might not care , pointing out that "  Castro did all sorts of things that the Soviets did n't like " but still kept supporting him for decades . "  Russia has a lot of different interests , " she said . "  It 's not clear that they would walk away from the relationship . " CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Venezuela recalls ambassador to Colombia , most of embassy staff Colombia claims weapons purchased by Venezuela ended up in hands of guerrillas Venezuela President Chavez threatens takeover of Colombian firms in his country
Kalamata , Greece  CNN  -- Throughout its history , Greece has been conquered by the Macedonians , the Romans , Persians and , in modern times , the Ottoman Empire and Nazi Germany . But now there is a new and different battle being waged against the Greeks , and the enemy is not wielding swords or guns but the threat of bailouts and default . For many , it 's a modern-day tragedy that even the Greek classical writer Euripides would have a hard time envisioning . After reading all the bad economic news coming out of Greece , it 's easy to lose sight of the fact that the Greek people are still carrying on their daily lives . Greeks may be cutting back on their vacations , but the country has seen a rise in the number of tourists . The Association of Greek Tourism Enterprises expects more than 10.5 million visitors this year , a 9.6 % increase from 2010 . On a recent trip to my mother 's hometown of Kalamata , I was curious to see how this seaside city on the southern part of the Peloponnese , best known for its luscious olives and as the birthplace of the New Age performer Yanni , was faring amid the country 's economic crisis . As my flight descended over Athens , I could n't help but think that I was flying from the heels of one storm -- Hurricane Irene had just ravaged the eastern U.S coastline -- into the throes of another . The sea of white marble buildings below offered no glint of the economic tempest that has produced fear , anxiety and scores of strikes and protests throughout the country . The uneventful three-and-a-half hour bus ride to Kalamata  about $ 30  is expected to get shorter with a new stretch of national highway from Athens . But how quickly will the work get done in the current economic climate ? Only time will answer Greece 's growing list of uncertainties . As in Athens , cigarette smoke is pervasive in Kalamata , and pedestrians yield to cars , whether you like it or not . But there the similarities end . Unlike Athens , which is home to more than 3 million Greeks , the images of protests and distress are nowhere to be visibly found in this sun-drenched town of just over 100,000 . Here , the city seems to embrace the energy of the sun . Young people seem to outnumber the old . The origins of the city 's name remain murky , but according to relatives , it 's probably derived from the Greek words "  kala ommata , " which means "  beautiful eyes . " Kalamata is hardly a destination most tourists consider when they think of a vacation in Greece . The islands of Mykonos and Santorini are usually the headliners in that fantasy . Kalamata , the 10th largest city in Greece and the capital of Messinia , is built on the foot of the Tavgetos and near Messinia Bay . It draws mostly Greek vacationers , as it 's a good home base close to other tourist sites in Messinia and ferries to some nearby islands , including the Ionian island of Kythira and Kissamos in Crete . Within an hour 's car ride , you can visit the beaches Navarino or the castles and historical sites of Mystras , Olympia , Koroni , Methoni and Mani . Though Kalamata has grown dramatically since an earthquake ravaged portions of the city in 1986 , some areas have a small-town feel . It 's not uncommon to catch the smell of jasmine on a summer evening while walking the paths between the family-owned plots of lime , fig and orange trees . The pride and joy of many residents is owning some land -- even a small parcel -- where they can grow a variety of things including cucumbers , squash , tomatoes and herbs . Kalamata has a historical center with beautiful neoclassical houses . A 13th-century castle dominates the town and has an interesting archaeological museum and a folklore museum with relics of the War of Independence of 1821 . In addition to its theaters and theatrical groups , Kalamata hosts an International Dance festival during the summer in the amphitheater of the castle . But for most people , the lure of Kalamata is the beaches , with their blue waters and free sun beds . The tranquil beaches in Kalamata are more than 6 miles long , and elderly people taking a morning swim is a familiar sight . Take a leisurely walk or bike ride along the promenade , and it 's hard not to stop into one the many tavernas for a cold Mythos beer and a Mikri Pikilia : a selection of sardines , meatballs , calamari , tomatoes and cucumbers . I always have to smile when I get up from a taverna 's hard straw chairs . Although patrons wo n't ever be rushed out by a waiter trying to turn over a table , the uncomfortable seats are more than likely to leave you with a funny walk for the first several strides . And while unemployment in Kalamata , which city officials put at 10 % , is far below the national average , there 's still a feeling of uncertainty in the streets . "  The mood is gloomy . Things are tough , very tough . It seems there is no hope , and there is n't a light at the end of the tunnel , " Mayor Nikas Panagiotis said . "  Strikes happen every day ; there is unemployment . But compared to Athens , things are better . Not as bad as some places in Athens , but this does n't mean that things are easy in Kalamata . There is no work , and they do n't give us any hope , and that is the worst , " he said . Panagiotis says Kalamata 's annual budget of about 100 million euros is very dependent on tourism to cover the gap with what comes from Athens , which supplies only around 65 million euros . Although Kalamata does very well with tourism -- and the new national highway will help -- high unemployment and a small but increasing number of immigrants from North African countries , Afghanistan , Pakistan and Sri Lanka have put strains on social services , the mayor said . Hotel owner Nikos Haikos , 35 , whose establishment bears the family name and is situated across the street from the beach , says business has been mixed this year . "  This year we did not have a very good season in the beginning . June did not go as we preferred . " The hotel had a good May , July and August , but that success came with sacrifice . "  We lowered the price in the high season to keep the hotel full , " Haikos said . The rooms , which normally go for 100 euros in the high season , were lowered to 70 euros this year . With the economy in shambles and the government reducing benefits and cuts to pensions , that 's less money for Greeks to spend on holidays , Haikos said . So he 's planning to adapt to the circumstances and begin making arrangements with the hotel site Booking.com . "  Good companies , if they manage , will survive . If you give good quality , with inexpensive rents , you will have tourists and still be able to pay off the expenses , and you will continue to live , " Haikos said . Penny Manis contributed to this report .	Traveler was curious to see whether economic crisis had reached the town Protests and distress are not visible in Kalamata , he says The city is rich with history and culture alongside its bright beaches and blue waters
CNN  -- Venezuelan authorities on Wednesday announced additional arrests in connection with a massive shipment of cocaine in an Air France flight from Caracas that landed in Paris . In a prepared statement , the Venezuelan Attorney General 's Office said 17 people have been arrested in the drug trafficking case . The flight originated at Simon Bolivar International Airport in Caracas , the Venezuelan capital . An Air France executive in Venezuela , six airline employees , a security guard and a loading platform supervisor are among those arrested . Eight members of the Venezuelan national guard are also in custody and were scheduled to appear in front of a judge Wednesday afternoon for a preliminary hearing . On September 11 , French authorities discovered 1.3 tons of pure cocaine stuffed inside 30 suitcases on the flight . The colorful bags did not match any of the passengers on board , CNN affiliate BFMTV reported . The street value of the stash is about 200 million euros , or $ 270 million . $ 2.6 million in cocaine found in British woman 's luggage French authorities did n't publicize the find until Saturday . Venezuela 's Public Ministry announced the arrests of three of the national guard members Sunday . Woman busted in Spain for cocaine in breast implants Authorities worked with Spanish , British and Dutch police on the investigation , BFMTV said . This case "  illustrates the importance of strengthening International cooperation in the fight against traffickers , " French Interior Minister Manuel Valls said . Suspected drug smugglers sail to jail In Venezuela , authorities promised a swift investigation as soon as the confiscation was announced in Paris . All 17 arrests were made in less than three days . Venezuelan Interior and Justice Minister Miguel Rodriguez Torres told reporters in Venezuela that authorities think an organized crime group with Italian and British members is responsible for the shipment . "  The suitcases were not taken into the plane through the regular baggage platforms at the airport . We 're investigating how the drug  shipment  got to the airport , " he said . CNN 's Rafael Romo , Holly Yan , Christabelle Fombu and Nelson Quinones contributed to this report .	Airline executive , six airline workers , security guard , loading platform supervisor arrested Eight members of the Venezuelan national guard are also in custody 1.3 tons of cocaine traveled in 30 colorful suitcases from Venezuela to France The bags were n't registered to any of the passengers on the flight
London , England  CNN  -- A detailed and well-preserved Roman parade helmet -- complete with fine facial features on its face mask , tight curly hair , and a griffin-topped cap -- sold at auction Thursday for 10 times its estimated amount . The helmet sold at Christie 's auction house in London for 2.28 million pounds  $ 3.6 million  . It had been estimated at 200,000 to 300,000 pounds  about $ 316,000 to $ 475,000  . The buyer of the helmet was not immediately known . The Tullie House Museum in Carlisle , near where the helmet was found in May by a person with a metal detector , had launched a public fundraising appeal to try to procure the helmet as the centerpiece for a new Roman gallery . Christie 's called the Crosby Garrett helmet -- so named for the village where it was found , about 45 miles south of the Scottish border -- an "  extraordinary example of Roman metalwork at its zenith " and said it dates to the late 1st to 2nd century A.D. "  The Crosby Garrett helmet sets itself apart by virtue of its beauty , workmanship , and completeness , particularly the face mask , which was found virtually intact , " Christie 's says . "  In addition , the remarkable Phrygian-style peak surmounted by its elaborate bronze griffin crest appears unprecedented . " The helmet is made of two sections : the tall pointed helmet and the face mask . The latter has openwork eyes , which would have allowed the wearer to see during the cavalry sports events -- known as hippika gymnasia -- when it would have been used . The face has incised eyelashes on the upper and lower lids , herringbone eyebrows , and pierced nostrils , all framed by three rows of corkscrew curls . At the peak of the cap is a small griffin , seated with its wings outstretched , revealing the incised feather detail . Its right paw is raised and rests on the rim of a small amphora . Colorful streamers may have been attached to the helmet when it was worn , Christie 's says . Arrian of Nicomedia , a Roman provincial governor under Hadrian , wrote the only surviving contemporary source of information on cavalry sports events , according to Christie 's . He describes cavalrymen divided into two teams that took turns to attack and defend , and suggests that wearing the helmets was a mark of rank or excellence in horsemanship . "  Participants would also carry a light , elaborately painted shield , and wear an embroidered tunic and possibly thigh-guards and greaves , all of which would contribute to the impressive spectacle , " Christie 's says . "  These events may well have accompanied religious festivals celebrated by the Roman army and were probably also put on for the benefit of visiting officials . The displays would have been intended to demonstrate the outstanding equestrian skill and marksmanship of the Roman soldier and the wealth of the great empire he represented . " The helmet is one of only three that have been discovered in Britain complete with face masks , Christie 's says . The first was found in 1796 and is now at the British Museum in London , and the other was found around 1905 and is at the Museum of Antiquities in Edinburgh , Scotland . The helmet was offered for sale along with other antiquities , including Egyptian pottery and Etruscan and Greek gold jewelry . Tullie House Museum said a benefactor pledged 50,000 pounds  $ 79,000  toward its fundraising appeal to bring the helmet back to the region , on condition the public matched the amount . In all , the museum said it hoped to raise 80,000 pounds  $ 127,000  in order to obtain financing from other organizations for an auction bid . "  Tullie House 's archaeology collections are extensive with a particularly important collection of Roman Cumbria material , especially from Carlisle and the Hadrian 's Wall area , " it said . "  In the development of its collections , Tullie House prioritizes artifacts that are judged to be of high importance to the local heritage and to ensure that items remain or are returned to Cumbria . " Carlisle was an important military center in Roman times , when it was known as Luguvalium . The first Roman fort in Carlisle was built in 72 and 73 A.D. during the initial conquest of northern Britain , at a strategic point overlooking the confluence of two rivers , and just west of the main north-south road , which was used regularly by troops , according to the museum .	The ancient headwear sold for $ 3.6 million The helmet dates to the late 1st to 2nd century A.D. It would have been used for military displays , not battles
London  CNN  -- Gas prices might have breached the $ 4 per gallon mark in the U.S. , but there wo n't be much sympathy for the American plight in Europe . In fact , that U.S. price of # 2.52 a gallon looks highly affordable compared to the UK 's current average cost of # 6.22  $ 9.85  . In some places here you 'll pay an eye-watering # 7.27  $ 11.52  for a gallon of super unleaded . And prices throughout the rest of Europe are similarly high . But it is worth sparing a thought for the hard-pressed Norwegians who 'll pay # 7.28  $ 11.54  for a gallon of the regular stuff across their country . If the price of oil was the only factor to dictate the expense of gas it would n't be such a bitter pill . But it is n't . The government decides how much we 're going to pay per gallon . Surprise , surprise , it also decides that the majority of it should be diverted to their coffers . So of our # 6.22 average , # 3.74  $ 5.92  , or a bit over 60 % , ends up in the Treasury 's back pocket . The government is n't the only guilty party . Fuel producers take 36 % , which goes some way to explaining Shell 's obscene # 18.1 bn  $ 28.6 bn  profits from last year . What 's the highest price you 've seen ? And of course unrest in the Middle East including sanctions against Syria and simmering discontent over Iran is n't helping . But every time the price of oil goes up , the British Government is quids in . Its second tax , VAT  Value Added Tax , similar to U.S. sales taxes  , is levied on the final cost , giving us an inescapable double whammy . Hardly unsurprisingly , all this money grabbing has had a noticeable effect on the cars Europeans drive . People now discuss their motors in terms of miles per gallon rather than miles per hour . Owning a car that does a mere 35mpg seems so last century . And no one will be impressed unless your mpg figure starts with a six . Would I like to be smoking about in a dirty great beast with a dipsomaniac 's thirst for the hard stuff ? Of course I would . But if I could afford to buy such a car , running it would be akin to having a mistress who drinks champagne rather than chardonnay . At first I felt deep resentment at being forced into a small car . But you know what ? Today 's small cars are big in benefits . The Volkswagen Polo I now drive is the same size as the first ever Golf . The difference is it 's comfier and has more features , including a petrol gauge that moves in slow motion . Fuel is a drug the U.S. has long since needed weaning off . Admittedly Americans have to cover greater distances than Europeans . But you do n't need a glorified double bed powered by a throbbing great V8 to do that . A sensibly-sized car with a two-liter turbo will do the job just as comfortably . And with developing nations such as China , Brazil and India demanding ever more fuel , the planet ca n't put up with anyone 's penchant for gas-guzzling monsters any more . But if the European experience is anything to go by , the $ 4 gallon is n't going to alter driving habits dramatically . America needs petrol prices to double if people are to permanently park up their 15mpg pick-up trucks . Maybe then it 'll elicit a bit of sympathy from over here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Foxall .	In the UK , a gallon of gas can easily come to around $ 10 , says writer , compared to around $ 4 in the U.S. Foxall : High price of fuel impacts the type of cars that Europeans drive Europeans now discuss their motors in terms of miles per gallon , says writer , rather than miles per hour Writer : America needs petrol prices to double if people are to permanently park up their 15mpg pick-up trucks
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A darkened room in a Hong Kong university building is an unlikely portal into an ancient world . But with the touch of an iPad Mini , the space is digitally transformed into a 1,500-year-old Buddhist grotto . Its walls decorated with exquisite but faded paintings of enlightened beings , dancers and musicians . Another swipe and a pair of 3-D glasses brings the cave to life . Vivid pigments show how the cave must have looked when the paint first dried and animation and magnification reveal the tiniest of details . "  We can turn up all the lights , we can also fly up to the ceiling , " says artist and academic Jeffrey Shaw , as he controls the virtual environment . Shaw , an Australian , co-leads a team at the School of Creative Media at Hong Kong 's City University , which has pioneered the immersive digital technology -- harnessing advances in cinema , computer games and virtual reality . They believe the techniques developed will help preserve key heritage sites in Asia before they are irrevocably damaged by the onslaught of mass tourism . "  The primary concern is how to maintain the integrity of these caves for posterity , " Shaw says . The team has worked on similar projects for Angkor Wat in Cambodia and Hampi in India but say this is the most ambitious in scope . The cave featured in the prototype is part of a larger complex located thousands of miles north of Hong Kong in the Chinese city of Dunhuang , once a Silk Road oasis and now a Unesco world heritage site . For almost two thousand years , the Mogao Grottoes , as the caves are known , withstood marauding barbarian hoards , earthquakes and the Gobi Desert 's shifting sand dunes . Today , the caves and their frescoes face a different and perhaps more potent threat -- how to manage the increasing number of tourists that come to see caves . Some 680,000 tourists visited in 2011 and that number was exceeded by at least 100,000 last year . But the steep rise in visitors over the past decade has raised the level of humidity and carbon dioxide inside the caves , undermining conservation efforts . The grotto depicted by the team at City University is already closed to tourists and only 70 of the 492 decorated caves are open to the public . The pressures brought by the surge in visitors at Dunhuang are shared by many heritage sites across China and Asia , as the region 's newly affluent middle class begin to travel in greater numbers . Wang Xudong , the vice director of the Dunhuang Academy , which is responsible for looking after the caves , says the optimum capacity for the Mogao Grottoes is 3,000 people a day . However , on October 2 , during China 's week-long national day break , more than 18,000 tourists visited the site . Plans are underway to limit visitor numbers through an online reservation system but Wang says that the use of digital tools to capture the caves before any further deterioration is a priority . A 50-strong team is documenting the site through extensive high-resolution photography and 3-D laser scanning . Each cave takes three months to document and the project is thought to be unparallelled in scale compared to similar efforts at other heritage sites . A new visitor center is due at the end of 2013 that will have a feature film theater and a 3-D reproduction of the original caves . "  It will help regulate the number of tourists and reduce the time spent in the caves on guided tours , " Wang says . "  This will greatly alleviate the pressures brought by tourism on conserving caves that are on display . " The Dunhuang Academy and its digital team collaborated closely with City University in designing the cave recreation , which is called "  Pure Land : Inside the Mogao Grottoes at Dunhuang . " The installation was shown outside China for the first time in December when it was exhibited at the Smithsonian in Washington . After some refinements , the technology will also be deployed at Dunhuang , allowing visitors to interact with the caves in a completely different way . "  You could say it 's a surrogate experience of visiting the caves but it 's not merely mimicking a visit , " says Shaw . "  Once you 've got the cave in a digital representation you can do very special things with that you ca n't necessarily do in the actual cave . " A magnifying glass allows you to explore the one-to-one scale virtual environment , which depicts seven figures known as medicine Buddhas and other traditional images . Faded incense burners , lutes and harps were drawn by hand with traditional brushes before being scanned and modeled in 3-D . And experts in traditional dance at the Beijing Dance Academy were filmed in a blue-screen studio to bring to life their ancient painted counterparts . The effect is disarmingly beautiful and not at all gimmicky but will visitors to Dunhuang be satisfied at marveling at a recreation rather than the real thing ? Shaw says they may have to be . Sealing caves to ensure their preservation is becoming an accepted practice despite debate over whether heritage sites should be hidden from public view . Most famously , the Lascaux Caves in France , which depict 17,000-year-old paintings of prehistoric animals , were closed to the general public in 2008 after the caves were beset by fungus and black mold . There are no current plans for a similar move at Dunhuang , but Shaw and his team believe that their digital technology may be the ultimate solution to the site 's preservation -- and others like it .	Ancient Buddhist cave in China re-created in 3-D Techniques developed by team at Hong Kong 's City University They hope these digital tools will help preserve heritage sites in Asia
CNN  -- At an age when most pensioners are winding down their lives , Fauja Singh began a new one . In his late 80s , and feeling "  more dead than alive " following the loss of his wife and one of his sons , he took up marathon running . Now 102 , he has become an unlikely celebrity despite a birth defect that prevented him being able to walk until the age of five . "  Running showed me kindness and brought me back to life by making me forget all my traumas and sorrows , " he told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  When I took up running , it was like meeting God himself . I have been running ever since . " With his distinctive flowing grey beard and the traditional Sikh headgear that has earned him the nickname "  the Turbaned Tornado , " Singh has been a star entrant at marathons all over the world . It is a far cry from his humble upbringing in India , which despite its village tranquillity was also a test for the young Singh -- who was unable to walk until he was five due to weakness in his legs . "  It took me another five years to gain strength and become strong . By age 10 I was living a normal life , " he recalls . While many older people suffer bodily deterioration , Singh said tests done when he was 94 showed his left leg had the bone density of a 35-year-old and his right leg that of a 25-year-old . "  My response was , I knew my left leg was weak , " he smiles . As he says later : "  Life is a waste without humor -- living is all about happiness and laughter . " More medical tests done when he was 99 "  showed that I was a man of 40 years of age . " Singh grew up in a village in the Jalandhar district of the north-western Punjab state along with his four brothers and sisters and their parents . "  One does n't know about life 's complexities at that age . Whatever means one has always seems to be enough , " he said . "  Life was good because we had land and animals ... there was no stress . " Singh now lives in London , the UK 's bustling capital city , having finally made it his home in the 1990s after several trips to Britain . "  After my wife died and when I suffered another tragedy -- the loss of my son -- I came here for two years but I did n't like it as my mind was still in India . Eventually I had to come to terms with it , " he said . "  Then I took up running -- eventually I was able to overcome my sadness . " Singh started out competing over shorter distances -- from 100 meters up -- but was convinced to try for the 26 miles and 385 yards that makes up a marathon . "  I had run a 20K but I could n't tell the difference between a kilometer and a mile -- I thought I had done 20 miles so I thought I could do the other six quite easily , " he said . "  Then I met Harmander  Singh , his longtime coach and mentor  , he trained me in a couple of months to run the full distance -- and then I was 89 years old . " Singh 's fastest time is the five hours and 40 minutes he took to run the 2003 Toronto Waterfront Marathon at the age of 92 . Eight years later he returned to the Canadian event to become the first marathon centenarian , this time clocking more than eight hours . It was not accepted by Guinness World Records ' rule-keepers due to his lack of a birth certificate , although he did produce a letter from Britain 's Queen Elizabeth congratulating him on his 100th birthday . Just days earlier he had set five world records for his age group in the space of a few hours in events from 100m to 5,000 m at a Masters meeting in Toronto . As well as soothing his soul , running has also brought Singh unexpected fame -- he appeared in an Adidas advertising campaign along with soccer superstar David Beckham and boxing legend Muhammad Ali in 2004 . "  I was really , really happy as I did n't even know who these people were before that , " he said . Most of Singh 's marathons were charity fundraisers , in line with his Sikh beliefs . "  There are two noble things in life : one to do charity and other to look after your body , " he said . "  This includes the high principles outlined by my religion , to earn an honest living and to share your means with those less fortunate . "  I am inspired by honest people who do n't cheat others . To me the famous are those who are kind to fellow human beings and dedicate their life to charity . " And it is religion that helps him keep going when he hits the dreaded "  wall " during a race -- he experiences the transcendental effect of such exercise that was so eloquently documented by Japanese author Haruki Murakami in his book "  What I Talk About When I Talk About Running . " "  The first part of the run is when I am quite cheerful ; my heart is singing a song and dancing seeing the different colors of life , " Singh said . "  When I get really tired , I start chanting God 's name : ` Waheguru , Waheguru . ' "  Running also makes people more spiritually aware and in-tune with their inner self . A retired marathon runner will still retain all these qualities . " And having become the world 's oldest marathon runner , Singh is indeed now retired . His final race was the 10-kilometer event ahead of February 's Hong Kong marathon , after which he took the advice of his family and Harmander Singh . "  I have retired because given my age , my body has deteriorated a bit , but retirement has n't slowed me down , " he said . "  I lead a very active and healthy life . I walk for three to four hours a day , play with kids and do all my day-to-day chores myself . I might have continued to run for another year but I realized I had to eventually retire one day . " A strict vegetarian  he appeared in a campaign by animal rights group PETA  Singh describes himself as "  an illiterate person " -- this interview was translated from Punjabi with the help of his coach . While he lives a simple life -- in bed by 10 p.m. after relaxing listening to Punjabi radio , and up again by 6 a.m. -- he does admit to one guilty pleasure : shopping . "  Though I am an old man now , I am still very particular about my personal style . I love shopping for suits and shoes -- I keep looking for the latest and best available , " Singh said . "  I do n't have many expenses but I do spend often on new suits and shoes even though I have a lot of them . " Running shoes , in particular , remind him of the happiness he has discovered . "  I am very fond of my running shoes , I absolutely love them . I wear them for pleasure . I ca n't imagine my life without them . "	Fauja Singh was the first 100-year-old to ever run a marathon Now 102 , he has quit competitive racing but still runs every day He took up athletics after overcoming the loss of his wife and son Born in India , he has made Britain his home since the 1990s
CNN  -- New developments in the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 over the weekend revealed more details about what happened before the plane went off the grid on Saturday , March 8 . But there are still major questions as investigators look for the missing aircraft . Here 's a cheat sheet to help you get up to speed on the latest twists in what 's become one of the greatest aviation mysteries in history : What do we know about the plane 's altitude during the flight ? During the plane 's last contact with air traffic controllers as it was approaching Vietnamese air space , it was reportedly flying at a cruising altitude of 35,000 feet . But military radar tracked it changing altitude after making a sharp turn as it headed toward the Strait of Malacca , a source close to the investigation told CNN . The plane flew as low as 12,000 feet at some point before it disappeared from radar , according to the source . The official , who is not authorized to speak to the media , told CNN that the area the plane flew in after the turn is a heavily traveled air corridor and that flying at 12,000 feet would have kept the jet well out of the way of that traffic . Military radar tracked the flight between 1:19 a.m. and 2:40 a.m. the day it went missing , the source told CNN , but it 's not clear how long it took the plane to descend to 12,000 feet . Why would a plane drop so drastically in altitude ? A mechanical problem could explain it , some analysts said . The new details about altitude are "  highly significant , " said Mary Schiavo , a CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . "  It explains so many pieces that did n't fit together before , " she said . "  Now , if we have a scenario where something happened , the plane made a dramatic turn and dropped from 35,000 feet to 12,000 feet , this scenario would fit what a pilot would do in the event of a catastrophic onboard event , such as a rapid decompression , a fire , an explosion . That 's what you would have to do , descend , get down and turn around and try to get back to an airport that could accommodate an ailing plane . " But other analysts cautioned that it 's too soon to know and unclear whether the new information is reliable . "  We 've had so much information come out and so much contradictory information come out , that I caution against jumping to any types of conclusions at this point , " said Mark Weiss , a former American Airlines pilot and CNN aviation analyst . How they 're searching for debris Was the aircraft 's sharp turn programmed ? Malaysian authorities said Sunday that the last transmission from the missing aircraft 's Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System showed it heading to Beijing . That information seems to be at odds with the supposition , reported heavily in many media outlets last week , that someone reprogrammed the plane 's flight path before the co-pilot signed off with air traffic controllers for the last time . "  The last ACARS transmission , sent at 1:07 a.m. , showed nothing unusual , " Malaysian officials said in a written update on the search . "  The 1:07 a.m. transmission showed a normal routing all the way to Beijing . " This new information about the last transmission reduces , but does n't rule out , suspicions about foul play in the cockpit . And it is more in line with the theory that some sort of emergency on board forced pilots to change course , analysts said , but it 's still unclear what happened . Who 's looking for the plane now ? Countries from central Asia to Australia are searching for the missing plane along arcs drawn by authorities based on satellite pings hours after it vanished . One arc tracks the southern Indian Ocean zone that 's the focus of current attention . The other arc tracks over parts of Cambodia , Laos , China and into Kazakhstan . Australia is heading up the search in the southern zone , in an area about 2,500 kilometers  1550 miles  southwest of Perth . Australian navy ship HMAS Success and 10 aircraft are participating in the search Monday . The crew of a Chinese search plane spotted "  suspicious objects " in the area , China 's state-run news agency Xinhua reported Monday . The Chinese plane has reported the coordinates of the objects to Australian authorities , as well as to the Chinese icebreaker Xuelong , Xinhua said . If search crews do turn up anything confirmed to be from the plane , they 'll soon have more technology to help them . The U.S. Navy is sending a supersensitive hydrophone listening device to Australia to be on standby if debris from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is found and a search for the plane 's voice and data recorders can be done , a U.S. military official said Sunday . The device is pulled behind a ship at slow speeds and is used by the Navy to find downed aircraft to a depth of 20,000 feet . The equipment was moved to JFK International Airport in New York on Sunday and will be shipped to Australia via commercial air Monday , the official said , emphasizing that the move does n't signal any change in the status of the search . What clues are pointing to the southern Indian Ocean ? France 's Foreign Ministry said Sunday that radar data from a satellite pointed to floating debris in the Indian Ocean 2,300 kilometers  1,430 miles  from Perth , Australia . The data were immediately passed along to Malaysian authorities , and French satellite resources will home in more on the area , the ministry said . Satellite images previously issued by Australian and Chinese authorities have also captured possible large floating objects in that area , stoking hopes that searchers might find debris from the missing plane . The satellite image from China , captured March 18 , shows an object that 's 22.5 meters long and 13 meters wide  74 feet by 43 feet  , officials said . Australian-led search teams in the southern Indian Ocean found no sign of it Saturday . Have search teams found anything ? Not much , but they did find a wooden pallet as well as strapping belts , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority 's John Young said . The use of wooden pallets is common in the airline industry . "  It 's a possible lead ... but pallets are used in the shipping industry as well , " he said Sunday . The ocean is full of debris , and experts say that makes spotting possible wreckage more difficult . Is that even the right place to be looking ? That depends on who you ask . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott , whose country is heading up search efforts in the southern arc , sounded optimistic over the weekend . "  We have now had a number of very credible leads , and there is increasing hope -- no more than hope , no more than hope -- that we might be on the road to discovering what did happen to this ill-fated aircraft , " he said . Analysts said Sunday that the new details about altitude could mean that investigators are looking in the wrong spot . If the plane had been flying at 12,000 feet , CNN aviation analyst Mark Weiss said , it would have burned more fuel than it would at a higher altitude , which could mean projections about where it ended up are off base . "  I do n't know that we 're necessarily searching in the right place , " CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said . "  Seeing some wooden pallets floating in the southern sea is not what I would call evidence of an aircraft . So , I think it 's quite possible that it could be in another place entirely , and maybe the search needs to be reevaluated . " Can NASA help ? NASA is repositioning satellites to help look for the plane , but that could take a couple of days , the agency said Sunday . The space agency said that it will check the archives of satellite data and use space-based assets such as the Earth-Observing-1 satellite and the ISERV camera on the International Space Station to scour for possible crash sites . The resolution of these images could be used to identify objects of about 98 feet  30 meters  or larger . Listening for fading pings CNN 's Sara Sidner , Tom Cohen , Steve Almasy , Ben Brumfield , Mitra Mobasherat , Jethro Mullen , Mariano Castillo , Faith Karimi , Barbara Starr , Mary Kay Mallonee , Ram Ramgopal and Nancy Leung contributed to this report .	NEW : A Chinese flight crew spots "  suspicious objects " in the Indian Ocean , state media report Source : The missing plane flew as low as 12,000 feet before it disappeared from radar Some analysts say that supports the theory that there was a mechanical problem 10 search planes are scouring the Indian Ocean for signs of the plane
CNN  -- As delivery of aid to Haiti is hampered by damaged ports and an overwhelmed airport , another conduit into the earthquake-ravaged nation -- its border with the Dominican Republic -- has become a challenging crossing itself , a United Nations situation report says . The 200 miles from the Dominican capital of Santo Domingo to the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince has been backed up and can take as long as 18 hours to travel by vehicle , according to the report from the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  , released this weekend . A CNN crew reported taking 12 hours to drive from Santo Domingo to Port-au-Prince on Tuesday , though the crew left before dawn , intending to avoid peak traffic . Vehicles crossing from the Dominican Republic into Haiti included large trucks carrying supplies and vans and public buses that seemed to be local , the crew reported . Some aid trucks were followed by sport utility vehicles , likely transporting international aid personnel . Traffic is heading the other way , too , the U.N. reported . "  Hospitals in the border region -LSB- in the Dominican Republic -RSB- are overwhelmed and have begun to refer patients to hospitals in other cities , " OCHA reported , citing the Office of the Resident Coordinator in the Dominican Republic . "  There is a shortage of specialized medical supplies , equipment , and physicians at these hospitals , and no clear inventory of what is needed , " the report continued . "  An effective waste management system is required for the border region in order to avoid disease and contamination of rivers . " As a result , U.N. aid distribution is being shifted to a different road that goes through the Dominican border city of Jimani , instead of the main highway that leads through the Dominican city of Elias Pina . The CNN crew , which passed through Jimani , did not witness many injured Haitians crossing from there into the Dominican Republic . A giant pothole there made crossing the border there a one-car-at-a-time affair . According to a priest in Elias Pina , Haitians there were worried about their families back home . "  There are many Haitians living here in Elias Pina and many do n't know anything about their families , " the Rev. Mike Seis of the Green Bay Diocesan Mission in Elias Pina wrote in a letter recently . "  The casualties are staggering . This weekend all of the Catholic parishes in the Dominican Republic from the 11 dioceses in the country will be sending their Sunday collections to Catholic Charities of Haiti . " CNN 's Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	U.N. : Heavy traffic making 200-mile Santo Domingo-Port-au-Prince drive take up to 18 hours This hinders post-earthquake aid distribution from the Dominican Republic to Haiti U.N. : Hospitals in the Dominican Republic near the Haitian border are overwhelmed U.N. shifting aid distribution away from main highway between two nations
CNN  -- Russia 's top diplomat Sunday accused the United States of "  blackmailing " Moscow into backing tough ground rules for Syria 's chemical disarmament that would include the threat of force if Syria balks . Syria has agreed to give up its arsenal of chemical weapons under international pressure and delivered an inventory of its poison gas stocks to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons over the weekend . But U.N. Security Council members are still trying to hammer out a resolution to outline the process , with Russia and Western powers at odds over the language . In a Sunday interview on Russian television , Lavrov said Washington was threatening to sink the deal unless the resolution was drawn up under Chapter VII of the U.N. charter , which would authorize the use of force against Syria if it does n't comply . As Syria 's leading ally , Russia has opposed threats of military action . "  The U.S. partners are blackmailing us , " Lavrov told the state-owned Channel One network . "  They say they will quit the work at the OPCW in The Hague if Russia does not back the resolution based on Chapter VII at the U.N. Security Council . " Lavrov said the Americans "  are interested in proving their superiority , and this is absolutely not the objective that drives us -- to solve the problem of chemical weapons in Syria . " Russia on Syria - No more ` nyet ? ' Speaking on condition of anonymity , a senior U.S. State Department official responded that Washington is n't focused on words , "  but actions . " "  What our team at the U.N. is focused on right now is working through the details of a U.N. Security Council resolution with the strongest possible enforcement mechanism , " the official said . "  We 're not going to litigate the details of a potential resolution in public . " Syria is 21/2 years into a civil war that has already left more than 100,000 dead , according to the United Nations . The United States and several of its allies , particularly France , began calling for military action against Syrian government forces after an August 21 attack outside Damascus that they said involved the use of chemical weapons against civilians . U.N. weapons inspectors reported Monday that the nerve agent sarin had been used in the attack . Though the inspectors did not assign blame , Washington said details of the report pointed toward troops loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad as the perpetrators . Syria 's government denies unleashing chemical weapons , and Russia said Syrian rebel forces may have been behind the August 21 attack . Lavrov and his U.S. counterpart , Secretary of State John Kerry , laid out a framework for Syria 's disarmament on September 14 . Kerry and Lavrov spoke again Sunday to reiterate "  the importance of working together on implementation of their agreement in Geneva , " the senior State Department official said . The plan calls for Syria to submit a comprehensive declaration of its chemical arms within one week . The OPCW said Saturday it had received the list from Syria . The plan then calls for international inspectors in position to secure that arsenal no later than November . Veteran weapons inspectors have said securing and destroying the Syrian stockpile could take huge numbers of people , including hundreds of inspectors and thousands of troops to provide security . But Lavrov said Sunday that he did n't see the need for a large contingent of troops to back up the inspectors , and said Moscow was ready to stand guard "  along the perimeter of areas where the experts will be working . " "  We are ready to assign our servicemen and military police on this mission , " he said . "  I do not think there is a need for deployment of large contingents . I believe that military observers would be enough . " In Syria , meanwhile , a Russian Embassy official said two people were hurt when a mortar shell struck the Russian mission in Damascus , the state news agency RIA Novosti reported . RIA Novosti quoted the unnamed official as saying the strike was "  apparently an accident . " CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali and Emma Lacey-Bordeaux contributed to this report .	Russia 's foreign minister complains of U.S. pressure in U.N. talks The Americans "  are interested in proving their superiority , " Lavrov says U.S. wants "  the strongest possible enforcement mechanism , " official says
CNN  It takes a village to raise a triathlete . Since returning home from our kickoff weekend where we got to experience life as a full-time triathlete , I 've been juggling training life with a full-time job , hectic commute and time with friends and family . With my Fit Nation teammates spread far and wide , this was a solo effort . Throw in a notorious Chicago winter that refused to go gently into that good night , and I 'll admit it : I was not very diligent in getting all of my training done . "  Partner up , " the Facebook status read . Jae Rockwell , the founder of my local women 's fitness groups , Women RUN the World , posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable . And so that 's what I did . I 'm lucky to count a handful of both experienced and aspiring triathletes among my friends . So , I reached out to them to ask what they were up to . Annastasia W. , who 's training for her first Ironman half-triathlon this summer , suggested a group brick workout at our local gym . She invited several other women , including complete newbies , through the SoleTri Sisters Facebook group and 10 of us met up on a cold Chicago morning to swim for 15 minutes , bike for 30 minutes and run for 15 minutes . That was great motivation to keep up with my workouts for the next week . A few weeks later , I traveled to Little Rock , Arkansas , to run a marathon . I traveled to Little Rock with three phenomenal "  fitspirations " : Samantha Goga , Natali Villarruel and Umber Rahman -- who are members of an obstacle course race group called the Midwest Vikings . Seeing how much fun they 've had participating in some really daunting physical challenges helped me push through some of the more difficult moments of running my first marathon ! Swimming remains my weakest link . I just learned to swim last summer . Sometimes I forget that and do n't cut myself any slack or recognize how far I 've come . Once my formal swim class ended in February I found myself seriously slacking on my swim training . Enter my swim angels , Lovie Twine and Eanista Bailey . They took me out into Lake Michigan last year after my first swim class was complete for a celebratory "  swim "  which was really just wading  . It was great to have them join me for a swim workout . I appreciated their perspective and gentle coaching . And you know what was happening while I was partnering up ? Spring was on the way ! And that meant I could finally break free of my Computrainer bike sessions and hit the road . I was lucky enough to connect with the Major Taylor Cycling Club of Chicago  MTC3  for a series of novice rides they 've been hosting on local trails around Chicagoland . With two falls behind me  hey , those clips take some getting used to  , we got in nearly 23 miles and a new addiction was born . Riding outside with the wind whipping your face , chasing your friends and breathing fresh air is exhilarating and I 'm looking forward to many more rides outdoors . I want to say thank you to the fellowship of fitness that I 've been lucky enough to find . There are so many others we keep me inspired , accountable and motivated . I 'm so grateful that they keep me moving in the right direction and I hope that I can help others do the same . So when times get tough , partner up !	Working out in a group of friends inspired Fit Nation participant Erica Moore
Louisville , Kentucky  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton sounded a populist tone in a fiery campaign appearance Wednesday , as she continued to unveil a political message ahead of the midterm elections . "  The other side has done everything it can to divide you , " she told several thousand raucous fans in Louisville . "  This election is about the future . " Clinton 's speech comes as the former secretary of state moves back into the political sphere with a series of rallies for Democrats up this midterm cycle . On Wednesday , she rallied supporters of Alison Lundergan Grimes , who is challenging Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in a high-profile race . "  Let 's put another crack in the glass ceiling , and elect this incredible young woman to the United States Senate , " Clinton exhorted the cheering audience . Clinton criticized McConnell and politicians in Washington for causing gridlock and slowing economic growth , and she lamented the avalanche of money outside groups are dumping into the midterm elections . She urged Kentuckians to send a new voice to the Senate . Some of her biggest applause lines centered on pocketbook issues such as raising the minimum wage and equal pay . "  Is n't it amazing that it 's 2014 , and we are still debating whether women deserve equal pay for equal work ? " she asked . "  If there 's only one reason that will motivate you to go vote in the next 20 days , put that at the top of the list . " Clinton 's visit to Kentucky comes a day after the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee said it would stop running ads in support of Grimes . On Thursday , Clinton heads to Michigan to campaign for Senate candidate Gary Peters and gubernatorial candidate Mark Schauer .	Hillary Clinton argued that Republicans are trying to divide voters at a Kentucky event She 's supporting Alison Lundergan Grimes , a Democrat challenging Mitch McConnell Clinton 's message , as it has been at other events , was heavily focused on women "  Let 's put another crack in the glass ceiling , " Clinton urged voters
Editor 's note : CNN agreed to change the names of the two men in this article to protect their identities . Rami and Kamal , both gay Iraqis , say they rarely show affection for men in public . BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Kamal was just 16 when gunmen snatched him off the streets of Baghdad , stuffed him in the trunk of a car and whisked him away to a house . But the real terror was about to begin . The men realized he was gay , Kamal said , when he took his shirt off and they saw that his chest was shaved . "  They told me to take off my clothes to rape me or they would kill me immediately . This moment was the worst moment in my life , " he said , weeping as he spoke of the 2005 ordeal . "  I was watching them taking off their clothes , preparing to rape me . I did not know what to do , so I started shouting loudly , ` Please do not do that ! I will ask my family to give you whatever you want . ' " Watch the tormented life of gays in Iraq " His pleas went unheeded . "  The other two kidnappers took off my clothes by force , and , at that time , I saw them as three dirty animals trying to tear my body apart . " He was held for 15 days , released only after his family paid a $ 1,500 ransom . He was raped every day . Only once , he said , was he allowed to talk to his family during captivity . "  I told my family that I was beaten by them , but I did not dare to tell my family that I was raped by them . I could not say it , it 's too much shame . " CNN spoke with Kamal , now 18 , and his 21-year-old friend Rami about what it 's like to be gay in Iraq . Coming out as gay is not easy in any country , but to do so in Iraq could mean a death sentence or torture . The two men rarely show feelings toward each other in public . They spend a lot of time in Internet cafes in Baghdad , surfing gay chat rooms and seeking contacts with other gay men in Iraq and elsewhere . Since the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003 , the situation for gays and lesbians in Iraq has deteriorated . Ridiculed under Hussein , many now find themselves the targets of violence , according to humanitarian officials . Lesbians are also victims of harassment and violence , but not nearly as often as gay men . It 's unknown how many homosexuals have been killed by militias in the lawless streets of Iraq 's cities , but some Web sites post pictures of Iraqis they say were killed for being gay . One photo on the Iraqi Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender site shows a group of men standing around three male bodies sprawled on a street , blood pouring from their heads . "  Gay Iraqi victims of the police and death squads , " the site says . A U.N. report on human rights in Iraq reinforces the accusations of violence . Although gays are supposed to be protected by law in Iraq , it says , they face extreme brutality . "  Armed Islamic groups and militias have been known to be particularly hostile toward homosexuals , frequently and openly engaging in violent campaigns against them , " the report said , adding that homosexuals have been murdered . "  Militias are reportedly threatening families of men believed to be homosexual , stating that they will begin killing family members unless the men are handed over or killed by the family , " it said . The report was issued at the end of 2006 and is the last U.N. study to touch on the subject . Human rights experts say homosexuals are targeted for cultural reasons as well . "  Gay men and lesbians in Iraq face a lot of risks right now , because homosexuality is sometimes interpreted by people in Iraq as being a Western import , " said Scott Portman with the Heartland Alliance , a group that promotes human rights worldwide . "  So they can sometimes be targeted by insurgent groups or militias , in part , because of animosity toward the West and , in part , because homosexuality is not well-accepted in Iraqi society . " He added , "  the biggest threats right now are from militia organizations , who will attack and actually sometimes kill gay men and women . " Kamal and Rami say the dangers are all too real in Baghdad -- and they live in secrecy not to shame their families . "  I would rather commit suicide than allow my family to find out I am gay , " Rami said . Kamal said he often pretends to have girlfriends in social settings and tells his friends he 's dating girls . "  I am also careful with the way I dress -- not to show them that I am gay , especially my family . " What would his family do if they found out ? "  They will force me to give it up , and I can not do that , " he said . "  The ` normal ' people can not live in Iraq . Imagine how the life is for gays . " Rami added , "  I do not know why people hate gays even though so many have this tendency . But still they hate it . " Homosexuality is a touchy subject for many Iraqis . When CNN asked Iraqis in Baghdad how they felt about homosexuals , we found intolerance to be widespread . One man said he considers gays no different from "  criminals and terrorists . " Another claimed that homosexuality was "  illegal under Islamic law , and -LSB- gays -RSB- should be punished by law like criminals . " Rami said he once fell in love with a man who was part of the Mehdi Army , a Shiite insurgent group loyal to the radical anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr . Their relationship eventually soured . "  One day he told me he would come over to my house and kill me in front of my family , " Rami said . "  I told him I would come outside and be killed in the street because I do not want my family to find out I am gay . " Both men hope to escape Iraq . They say their ideal destination would be San Francisco , California . For now , both of them keep their feelings secret . Kamal is still tormented by what happened to him nearly three years ago . "  During my sleep , I only see nightmares , and I start crying . My family thought it was because they were beating me . " He paused . "  Only my close friend Rami knows about this secret . "	Gay Iraqi describes being raped for 15 days by gunmen at 16 He says he never told his family : "  I could not say it , it 's too much shame " Expert : Homosexuality is seen as a "  Western import , " grounds for brutality Another gay Iraqi says he 'd commit suicide before telling his family he is gay
CNN  It started out as a morning walk , but ended up with a 57-year-old grandpa laying partially paralyzed in an Alabama hospital bed . Sureshbhai Patel , who is visiting from India , needed spinal fusion surgery to repair damage to his back after his family says a police officer in Madison twisted his arm and forced him to the ground . Officer Eric Parker was arrested on Thursday , Madison police Chief Larry Muncey said . Parker faces a charge of misdemeanor third-degree assault . Parker turned himself in to sheriff 's officials , the chief said . The department released two videos shot by cameras on the dashboards of police cars at the scene . The video shows an officer slamming the man to the ground . The incident began Friday when Madison police got a suspicious person report . Police say someone in the small community about 12 miles east of Huntsville called to report a man walking in neighbors ' driveways and peering into garages . "  The caller , who lives in the neighborhood did not recognize the subject and thought him to be suspicious , " a statement from Madison police said . When police responded , there was a language barrier . Patel , who is helping take care of his developmentally delayed , 17-month-old grandson Ayaan , speaks little English . Chirag Patel , told CNN Affiliate WHNT that his father tried to communicate with officers , telling them "  No English . Indian , " when they approached . He also said his father gave police his address and pointed to his son 's house . Madison police agree that there was "  a communication barrier " between officers and the elder Patel . The police statement says Patel reached into his pocket while speaking with the officers . "  Officers attempted to pat the subject down and he attempted to pull away , " the statement reads . That 's when officers forced Patel to the ground , leaving him with an injured neck and no feeling in his arms , the family says . Months of physical therapy are ahead for Patel , who can now move his hands , but ca n't grasp anything , WHNT reported . Chirag Patel said his father can move his right leg but not his left The family filed a civil lawsuit against the police department , CNN affiliates reported . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Officer arrested , faces charge of third-degree assault Sureshbhai Patel is visiting from India to help take care of his grandson He required back surgery after police forced him to the ground
CNN  -- Forget sitting by a roaring fire as snow falls outside -- for many there 's no better place to celebrate the festive season than by the water 's edge on a warm summer 's evening . But if you ca n't escape the cold to hit the ocean this year , these songs will help you to forget the chill and take you to the sea , wherever you may be . We 've got your seaside playlist covered . But what 's your favorite sea-inspired tune ? Let us know in the comments below . "  Beyond the Sea , " Bobby Darin No sea-inspired playlist would be complete without this song . "  Beyond the Sea " has been sung by many artists over the past six decades , but Bobby Darin 's version is undoubtedly the most famous . Despite the performer recording the song in the late 1950s , it 's been used in many recent films from "  Austin Powers " to "  Finding Nemo . " Fellow actors Ewan McGregor and Cameron Diaz sung "  Beyond the Sea " in the film "  A Life Less Ordinary , " while Kevin Spacey lent his vocal chords to it in a biopic about Darrin named after his most famous song . "  Sail on Sailor , " The Beach Boys It 's hard to go past The Beach Boys when compiling a list of seaside classics . The group -- made up of brothers Brian , Dennis and Carl Wilson , along with Mike Love and Al Jardine -- are synonymous with beach tunes and surfing hits . "  Sail on Sailor " was released on the 1973 album "  Holland , " one of the last albums the Californian pop group released . "  Under the Sea , " from Disney 's "  The Little Mermaid " While perhaps not a traditional party song , it is a childhood favorite for many . In the movie , mermaid princess Aerial longs to join the human world above the water 's surface . However , the king 's advisor , a lobster called Sebastian , tries to convince her otherwise , singing to her about the joys of ocean life , telling her "  darling it 's better , down where it 's wetter . " "  Octopus 's Garden , " The Beatles The fab four recorded this song for their 1969 album "  Abbey Road . " Unusually for The Beatles , this song was written by drummer Ringo Starr , who was also the lead vocalist on the track . The upbeat tune tells of the carefree nature of an octopus 's life below the surface , featuring lyrics such as "  in our little hideaway beneath the waves , resting our head on the sea bed . " "  Sittin ' on  The Dock of the Bay , " Otis Redding This was the last song recorded by Redding before he was killed in a plane crash in 1967 . It was released after his death and was the first posthumous song to reach the number-one spot on the U.S charts . Redding was also posthumously awarded a Grammy for the song in 1968 . He was inspired to write the soulful masterpiece after staying on a houseboat in California . "  The Ocean , " Led Zeppelin British rock band Led Zeppelin penned this tune in the early 1970s at the height of their success . It 's believed the band were referring to their "  ocean of fans " when they wrote this song , with lyrics such as "  singing to an ocean , I can hear the ocean 's roar . " But it 's just as easy for a keen seafarer to imagine dramatic ocean waves when listening to this tune . "  Girl and the Sea , " The Presets For a change of pace , this tune could be perfect to get your party started . By electro-pop act The Presets , "  Girl and the Sea " is guaranteed to get people on the dance floor . It 's said the duo recorded this song , their debut , in the bathroom of their home . "  Mermaid in the Night , " Jimmy Buffett For those who appreciate country music , Jimmy Buffet 's "  Mermaid in the Night " is the perfect ocean-inspired song . It appears on the 1989 album "  Off to see the Lizard , " just one of the more than 30 albums Buffet has released . This fun tune tells of the singer falling in love with a mermaid while fishing one evening , with lyrics like "  I 'm in love with a creature from the sea , she brings out the crustacean in me " .	MainSail looks at what could feature on your seaside playlist This list includes hits from The Beach Boys to Led Zeppelin What are your favorite sea-inspired tunes ? Tell us below
Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon on Saturday declared a state of emergency and implemented a midnight to 5 a.m. curfew in Ferguson , where the police shooting of an unarmed black teenager sparked a week of protests and sporadic looting . "  I 'm committed to making sure the forces of peace and justice prevail , " Nixon said at a community meeting . "  If we 're going to achieve justice , we first must have and maintain peace . " But the meeting at a local church at times was tumultuous . People repeatedly interrupted Nixon , shouting , "  You need to charge the police with murder ! " and "  We want justice ! " And some residents said law enforcement officers had instigated the violence with their military-like tactics . State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson , in charge of security for the town , praised local citizens who tried to stop the looting of several businesses early Saturday . He said law enforcement would not be heavy-handed in enforcing the curfew . "  We wo n't enforce it with trucks , we wo n't enforce it with tear gas , " he said . But at least one resident was skeptical about whether the curfew would work . "  It 's an intimidation thing . And you 're basically suppressing people who still have questions that need answers , " said Carissa McGraw , who has joined protests throughout the week . "  You have people who -- at this point -- do not care what authorities say right now . " Michael Brown killed a week ago Ferguson , a town of about 22,000 people near St. Louis , entered the national consciousness on August 9 when a white police officer , identified as Darren Wilson , shot and killed and Michael Brown , 18 , on a city street during the middle of the day . Accounts of what happened vary widely . Police said Brown struggled with the officer and reached for his weapon . Several witnesses said Brown raised his hands and was not attacking the officer . Since then , Ferguson has become a tinder box , with regular street protests , an influx of heavily armed law enforcement officers and intense media coverage . A new development in the investigation popped up Saturday when a Brown family lawyer , Anthony Gray , said that Michael Baden will conduct a second autopsy on the the teenager 's body . Baden is a high-profile pathologist who testified in the O.J. Simpson , Phil Spector and Drew Peterson trials . Early Saturday morning , before sunrise , a fragile peace was shattered when looters again targeted neighborhood businesses while law enforcement in riot gear largely looked on without intervening . Some protesters tried to stop the looting , at times standing in front of one convenience store and preventing others from doing more damage . Police , criticized days earlier for being too aggressive with protesters , now drew the ire of merchants who told CNN they were n't doing enough . "  You still have a job to do now , and now you 're not doing your job , " Tanya Littleton said of police after thieves broke into her beauty supply shop in the St. Louis suburb and made off with bags of hair extensions worth hundreds of dollars . At noon Saturday -- the hour that police say Wilson shot Brown a week earlier -- protesters outside the police station silently raised their arms into the air , mimicking Brown 's purported actions right before he died . Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson joined loud but peaceful crowds that marched in the street carrying signs saying "  Mike Brown is our son " and "  The whole world is watching Ferguson . " They chanted "  Hands up , do n't shoot " and "  Hey hey , ho ho , killer cops have got to go . " Looting earlier in the day The looting began at the Ferguson Market and Liquor store , which has become part of the case . Minutes before Brown was shot , police say , a man fitting his description allegedly stole cigars and roughed up a store clerk as surveillance cameras recorded . Ferguson police released surveillance video of that robbery on Friday , but then emphasized that Wilson stopped Brown not because of the theft , but because Brown and a friend were "  walking down the middle of the street blocking traffic . " Release of the video on Friday angered some , who say police were using it to distract from Brown 's killing and make him look bad . As protesters took to the streets early Saturday , more than two dozen people blocked off the convenience store with cars . Police with riot gear , tactical rifles and armored vehicles were nearby , commanding them through loudspeakers to free it up . Instead , bottles flew , mayhem erupted , and looters ransacked the store , which the owner had boarded up . It was the first of at least three stores raided . 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting Complete coverage of the Ferguson shooting Opinion : How many unarmed people have to die ?	Curfew to be imposed from midnight to 5 a.m. "  We want justice ! " community members shout at governor Highway patrol captain : "  We wo n't enforce it with trucks , we wo n't enforce it with tear gas " Resident of Ferguson is skeptical that the curfew will be effective
A wave of explosions targeting Syrian government forces killed dozens of people at a popular Aleppo square Wednesday in an attack for which a Syria-based extremist group has claimed responsibility . Al-Nusra Front said the strikes were carried out by suicide bombers driving cars packed with explosives , followed by raiders disguised in Syrian military uniforms , according to a statement posted on a website that publishes claims from extreme Islamist groups . " The second explosion happened at 8:17 a.m. outside the Governorate Building where a suicide bomber blew up a car bomb loaded with 500 kg of explosive material , " the Interior Ministry said in a statement . Two mortar shells also fell near the Municipal Palace , it said . At least 40 people were killed and about 90 were wounded when three car bombs exploded in Saadallah Al-Jabiri Square , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Though Syrian state-run media put the death toll at 34 , with 122 injured . State television , meanwhile , aired footage of the carnage , which included the bloody and mangled bodies of men in military uniforms . Why Syria turmoil threatens the Middle East A fourth car bomb exploded near Aleppo 's chamber of commerce , the government and opposition said . The number of casualties from that incident was not immediately known . The blasts highlight the escalating crisis in Aleppo , Syria 's most populous city , which has morphed into a major battleground between government and rebel forces . Aleppo is also a major financial lifeline for President Bashar al-Assad 's government ; a rebel takeover of the city would deal a significant blow to four decades of Assad family rule . Opposition groups later reported that "  a number of regime forces " had been killed following the shelling of a Syrian military center near the town of Tal Abyad . The deaths were not part of the Wednesday toll distributed by the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . It said at least 200 people died across Syria on Wednesday , including 67 in Damascus and its suburbs and 29 in Idlib province . More than 28,000 people have been killed across Syria since March 2011 , the LCC says . CNN is unable to independently confirm casualty reports , as the Syrian government has severely limited access by international journalists . 300,000 and counting : The crisis of Syria 's refugees In other developments : Shelling from Syria strikes house in Turkey At least five people were killed and 10 injured when a shell landed on a house in the Turkish town of Akcakale , near the Syrian border , the town 's mayor said Wednesday . The artillery shell was fired from the Syrian district of Tel Abayad , according to Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu news agency . However , it is not yet clear what military force or group launched it . Mayor Abdulhakim Ayhan said those killed were three children , their mother and a female neighbor . Two police officers were among those hurt , he said . In return , Turkey fired on Syrian government targets . "  Our armed forces on the border responded immediately to this atrocious attack within the rules of engagement , and points in Syria determined by radar were hit with artillery fire , " a statement from Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's office said . "  Turkey , within the confines of the rules of engagement and international law , will never leave these types of provocations aimed at our national security unanswered . " UK steps up aid for Syrian refugees in Turkey The United Kingdom will provide an additional 1 million pounds  $ 1.6 million  to help Syrian refugees through the Turkish winter , Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said Wednesday . "  Refugees from Syria face what is likely to be a bitterly cold winter . The supplies this extra funding will deliver will go some way to helping them through this difficult time , " Clegg said in a written statement . The United Kingdom has given 38.5 million pounds  $ 62 million  in humanitarian aid during the Syrian crisis . The added funding is expected to help about 10,000 refugees with supplies such as blankets , clothing and heaters Turkey has taken in more than 93,000 Syrian refugees , more than any other country in the region . Refugees in Turkey : Police are forcing us from homes	Opposition groups reported that "  a number of regime forces " had been killed after a shelling Two mortar shells also fell near the Municipal Palace , the Interior Ministry says A suicide bomber blew up a car bomb loaded with 500 kg bomb , the Interior Ministry says Syrian state-run media put the death toll from the blast at 34
CNN  -- Not even the British spy agencies that inspired James Bond can solve the mystery of a secret World War II message recently found on the skeleton of a carrier pigeon in a house chimney . The meaning of the encoded message apparently died about 70 years ago with the wayward pigeon that David Martin found in his smokestack in Bletchingley , Surrey County , England . Martin recently discovered the bird 's remains with the surprisingly intact message inside a small red canister attached to a leg bone . The only hope appears to be curators at the Pigeon Museum at Bletchley Park , who are now trying to trace the origins of two alphanumeric identifiers for the pigeon that were also written on the message , the UK intelligence agency GCHQ said this week . "  If they are identified and their wartime service established , it could help to decode the message , " the agency said about the pigeon 's identity numbers . To the casual reader , the message is indecipherable . Hand-written on a small piece of paper labeled "  Pigeon Service , " the note consists of five-letter words . Those words do n't make sense : The jumble begins with "  AOAKN " and "  HVPKD . " In all , the message consists of 27 five-letter code groups . Read the full encoded message  PDF Deciphering the message requires codebooks and possibly a "  one-time pad " encryption system , and those materials "  will normally have been destroyed once no longer in use , " the agency said . There is a small chance that a codebook survived . "  Without access to the relevant codebooks and details of any additional encryption used , it will remain impossible to decrypt , " the agency said . The one-time pad encryption gave the note added security . A random key is used to encrypt only one message . "  The advantage of this system is that , if used correctly , it is unbreakable as long as the key is kept secret , " the agency said . "  The disadvantage is that both the sending and receiving parties need to have access to the same key , which usually means producing and sharing a large keypad in advance . " Heightening the mystery are three other issues : The message is undated , the meaning of its destination of "  X02 " is unknown , and analysts ca n't identify the sender 's signature or his unit . "  Unfortunately , much of the vital information that would indicate the context of the message is missing , " the intelligence service said . Coded notes : A whodunit without an answer The sender 's sign-off appears to say "  Sjt W Stot , " using an abbreviation for "  serjeant , " an old-fashioned spelling for "  sergeant , " the agency said . The use of "  Sjt " links the message to the army , the spy agency said . "  If ` Sjt Stot ' and addressee X02 could be identified , it could give us a better idea of where to look for the information , " the agency said . About 250,000 pigeons were used during World War II by all branches of the military and the Special Operations Executive , the UK intelligence agency said . Flying from mainland Europe to Britain , the birds heroically delivered all sorts of messages through a gauntlet of enemy hawk patrols and potshots from soldiers . "  Although it is disappointing that we can not yet read the message brought back by a brave carrier pigeon , it is a tribute to the skills of the wartime code-makers that , despite working under severe pressure , they devised a code that was undecipherable both then and now , " said GCHQ , one of three UK intelligence agencies . Code talker from World War II dies	The skeleton of a World War II carrier pigeon is found in a man 's chimney in England A red canister attached to a leg bone holds a coded message UK agency ca n't crack Meanwhile , a pigeon museum seeks clues in the bird 's identification numbers
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush has expressed his "  deep concern " and regret to Iraq 's prime minister over the desecration of a Quran by an American soldier , the White House said Tuesday . President Bush called Nuri al-Maliki over the incident , al-Maliki 's office says . The leaders are seen in September . National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe said Bush spoke to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Monday in one of their regularly scheduled secure video teleconferences . "  President Bush expressed his deep concern over the incident and told Prime Minister Maliki that the soldier has been reprimanded by his commanders and removed from Iraq , " Johndroe said . Al-Maliki 's office on Tuesday said Bush issued an apology for the action on behalf of the United States and "  promised to present the soldier to the courts . " The office said Bush made the apology in a call to al-Maliki on Tuesday morning . An American staff sergeant -- a sniper section leader -- used a Quran for target practice in Iraq earlier this month . The U.S. commander in Baghdad issued a formal apology Saturday and read a letter of apology by the shooter . Watch the U.S. military formally apologize " The sergeant has been relieved of duty as a section leader "  with prejudice , " officially reprimanded by his commanding general , dismissed from his regiment and redeployed -- reassigned to the United States , the U.S. military said . Reports of the Quran desecration have enraged Muslims in Iraq and elsewhere around the world . The soldier , whose name was not released , shot at a Quran on May 9 , villagers said . The Quran used in the incident was discovered two days later , according to the military . A tribal leader said "  the criminal act by U.S. forces " took place at a shooting range at the Radhwaniya police station on Baghdad 's western outskirts . After the shooters left , an Iraqi policeman found a target marked in the middle of the bullet-riddled Quran . Pictures of the Quran show multiple bullet holes and an expletive scrawled on one of its pages . Officials said the soldier asserted he was n't aware the book was the Quran , but U.S. officials rejected the claim . On Saturday , Maj. Gen. Jeffery Hammond , commander of U.S. forces in Baghdad , appeared with leaders from Radhwaniya and apologized . "  I come before you here seeking your forgiveness , " Hammond said to tribal leaders and others at the ceremony . "  In the most humble manner I look in your eyes today and I say please forgive me and my soldiers . " Hammond also read a letter from the shooter , who called his actions "  shortsighted , very reckless and irresponsible , " but he insisted he was not being malicious . "  I sincerely hope that my actions have not diminished the partnership that our two nations have developed together , " the letter said . Hammond said the soldier 's actions were tantamount to "  criminal behavior . " "  I 've come to this land to protect you , to support you -- not to harm you -- and the behavior of this soldier was nothing short of wrong and unacceptable , " the general said . Another military official kissed a Quran and presented it as "  a humble gift " to the tribal leaders . Many Iraqi leaders said the apology alone would not suffice . Watch villagers protest the desecration " On Monday , the Iraqi Islamic Party , the movement of Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi , condemned what it said was a "  blatant assault on the sanctities of Muslims all over the world . " The party said it reacted to the news "  with deep resentment and indignation " and wants the "  severest of punishments " for the action . "  What truly concerns us is the repetition of these crimes that have happened in the past when mosques were destroyed and pages of the holy Quran were torn and used for disgraceful acts by U.S. soldiers , " al-Hashimi said . "  I have asked that first this apology be officially documented ; second a guarantee from the U.S. military to inflict the maximum possible punishment on this soldier so it would be a deterrent for the rest of the soldiers in the future . " CNN 's Ed Henry and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Nuri al-Maliki 's office : President Bush "  promised to present the soldier to the courts " An American staff sergeant used a Quran for target practice Iraqi Islamic Party has demanded "  the severest of punishments " for the soldier
TRIPOLI , Libya  CNN  -- Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice met Friday with Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , who asked for the latest news on the hurricanes plaguing U.S. coasts in recent weeks . Condoleezza Rice and Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi discussed the weather Friday at their initial meeting . "  The first one was not as bad as feared , but there are two more coming , " Rice told the man dubbed by President Reagan "  the mad dog in the Middle East . " Rice 's visit is the first time in more than half a century that a U.S. secretary of state has visited the former pariah nation . Upon her arrival , Rice met with the Libyan foreign minister and then toured the new U.S. Embassy . "  We are working on a trade and investment agreement , a framework , which will allow the improvement of the climate for investment , which I know very many American firms wish to do , " Rice said after her meeting with Minister Abdel-Rahman Shalgam . She called the meeting a "  good start " toward establishing a "  positive relationship " with Libya . Rice and Gadhafi met in a reception room at the Libyan 's Bab el-Azizia compound . Gadhafi , wearing a white robe and a black fez but not his trademark dark sunglasses , shook the hands of the male members of Rice 's staff but not Rice , instead offering the traditional greeting of his hand over his heart for her . Watch excitement in Libya at Rice 's trip " Muslim men are prohibited from shaking hands with women to whom they are not related . After their meeting , Rice joined Gadhafi , who once called Rice "  Leeza ... my darling black African woman , " in a traditional Muslim evening meal breaking the fast during the holy month of Ramadan . Last year in an interview with Al-Jazeera , Gadhafi suggested Rice ran the Arab world with which he has sometimes had stark differences . "  I admire and am very proud of the way she leans back and gives orders to the Arab leaders , " he said . "  I love her very much ... because she 's a black woman of African origin . " The two are expected to meet in the leader 's Bedouin tent he favors for high-profile meetings Rice 's visit marks a 180-degree turn in relations between Washington and Tripoli , which for more than three decades have been marked by personal animosity and insults , Libyan terror attacks and U.S. airstrikes . Libya 's rehabilitation from being dubbed a "  state sponsor of terrorism " to a member of the U.N. Security Council represents a rare foreign policy success for the Bush administration in its last months in office . In Lisbon , before flying to Tripoli , Rice called her trip "  a historic moment and it is one that has come after a lot of difficulty , the suffering of many people that will never be forgotten or assuaged , a lot of Americans in particular . " Libya , she acknowledged , "  is a place that is changing and I want to discuss how that change is taking place . " "  I am very much looking forward to it , " she told reporters The United States restored relations with Tripoli in 2005 , after Gadhafi 's decision to abandon his pursuit of weapons of mass destruction , renounce terrorism and compensate victims of the 1986 La Belle disco bombing in Berlin and the 1988 Pan Am 103 bombing over Lockerbie , Scotland . It also dropped Libya from its State Sponsors of Terrorism list , the only country except for Iraq to have been removed . Since then , several U.S. officials have visited Tripoli and Rice has met several times with her Libyan counterpart . The United States opened its embassy in Tripoli in 2006 . The United States has praised Libya 's cooperation in fighting terrorism in North Africa , where al Qaeda has been gaining a foothold . U.S. officials also say Gadhafi has prevented Libyan and other foreign fighters from traveling to Iraq to join insurgent movements . At the United Nations , Libya has also voted with the United States to crack down on Iran 's nuclear program and has sought to play a helpful role in the crisis in Darfur . Yet relations between the two countries face strains over Libya 's poor human rights record and final settlement of claims from the La Belle and Lockerbie bombings . In her meetings with Libyan officials , Rice is expected to raise the issue of political prisoners , especially Fathi al-Jahami , a leading Libyan reformer held in detention since 2002 . Last month the United States and Libya reached a deal to resolve outstanding claims for the bombings , but Libya has yet to contribute hundreds of millions of dollars to a fund set up to compensate the bombing victims ' families . Many of the Lockerbie victims ' families have criticized Rice 's decision to meet with Gadhafi , whom they say remains unrepentant for the explosion , which killed 280 people , 180 of them Americans . In a recent interview with the BBC , Gadhafi 's son , Saif al-Islam al-Gadhafi , called the Lockerbie families "  very greedy " and "  trading with the blood of their sons and daughters " for money . The Bush administration has expressed sympathy with the Lockerbie families but says it is time to move forward with a new relationship with Libya . The deal paves the way for greater access by American companies to Libya 's booming economy , in particular its vast oil reserves , the ninth largest in the world . European companies have had much greater access to Libya 's energy sector , but Libyan officials say the improved relations with the United States will result in more deals with American oil companies , including exploring vast areas of the country that remain untapped . The country 's growing banking , infrastructure and telecommunications sectors also offer enormous opportunities for American investors . Rice will travel throughout North Africa after leaving Tripoli , stopping in Morocco , Algeria and Tunisia . But it is the visit to Libya that the State Department recognizes will be the most talked about .	Condoleezza Rice meets with Moammar Gadhafi in Libya First trip to Libya by a U.S. secretary of state in more than 50 years Libya 's journey from pariah nation has taken several years U.S. companies hoping to take advantage on new friendlier relations
