Mental Floss  -- You know the characters , but you might not know their full names . Store these away for future trivia nights . 1 . Did you know the Comic Book Guy on "  The Simpsons " has a name ? It 's Jeff Albertson . But that was n't the decision of creator Matt Groening . "  I was out of the room when -LSB- the writers -RSB- named him , " he told MTV in 2007 . "  In my mind , ` Louis Lane ' was his name , and he was obsessed and tormented by Lois Lane . " 2 . Barbie 's full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts .  Ken 's last name is Carson . Mental Floss : 10 unexpected places to give birth 3 . Cap'n Crunch 's full name is Captain Horatio Magellan Crunch . His ship is the S.S. Guppy . 4 . In the Peanuts comic strip , Peppermint Patty 's real name is Patricia Reichardt 5 . Snuffleupagus has a first name -- Aloysius . Want more Snuffleupagus trivia ? In a Sesame Street scene that never aired , Snuffy 's parents announced they were separating . But in testing , children were too devastated by the news , so the idea was scrapped . Mental Floss : 9 Muppets kicked off Sesame Street 6 . The Wizard of Oz rolls off the tongue a lot easier than the man behind the curtain 's full name , Oscar Zoroaster Phadrig Isaac Norman Henkel Emmannuel Ambroise Diggs . From Frank Baum 's Dorothy And the Wizard in Oz : "  It was a dreadfully long name to weigh down a poor innocent child , and one of the hardest lessons I ever learned was to remember my own name . When I grew up I just called myself O.Z. , because the other initials were P-I-N-H-E-A-D ; and that spelled ` pinhead , ' which was a reflection on my intelligence . " 7 . Mr. Clean has a seldom-used first name -- "  Veritably . " The name came from a "  Give Mr. Clean a First Name " promotion in 1962 . 8 . In a deleted scene in the 2006 Curious George movie , The Man With the Yellow Hat 's full name was revealed as Ted Shackleford .  Since the scene was deleted , perhaps the last name does n't count . 9 . The real name of Monopoly mascot Rich Uncle Pennybags is Milburn Pennybags . 10 . The policeman in Monopoly has a name , too . You can thank Officer Edgar Mallory the next time he sends you to jail . Mental Floss : How Monopoly helped free prisoners of war 11 . On Night Court , Nostradamus Shannon was better known as Bull . 12 . On Entourage , Turtle 's real name is Salvatore Assante . 13 . Sesame Street 's resident game show host Guy Smiley was using a pseudonym all these years . He was born Bernie Liederkrantz . 14 . The Michelin Man 's name is Bibendum . 15 . On Gilligan 's Island , Jonas Grumby was simply called The Skipper . 16 . The Professor was Roy Hinkley . Stories behind graduation traditions 17 . The unkempt Shaggy of Scooby-Doo fame has a rather proper real name -- Norville Rogers . 18 . The Pillsbury Doughboy 's name is Poppin ' Fresh . He has a wife , Poppie Fresh , and two kids , Popper and Bun Bun . Mental Floss : 9 very cool outdoor ads 19 . The patient in the classic game Operation is Cavity Sam . 20 . The true identity of The Lone Ranger was John Reid . 21 . MacGyver 's first name ? Angus . 22 & 23 . OK , these last two are n't fictional , but just in case it comes up , Bono was born Paul David Hewson , and The Edge 's name is David Howell Evans . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Many famous fictional characters are known only as their nicknames Cap'n Crunch 's full name is Captain Horatio Magellan Crunch Wizard of Oz : Oscar Zoroaster Phadrig Isaac Norman Henkel Emmannuel Ambroise Diggs On Entourage , Turtle 's real name is Salvatore Assante
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Fireworks , athletes and pageantry on a scale never before seen in the Olympics opened the Summer Games in Beijing on Friday as the Asian nation kicked off the biggest and most scrutinized Games in history . Fans celebrate the Opening Ceremony of the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , China , on Friday . Chinese President Hu Jintao declared the Olympics officially open , retired Chinese gymnastics champion Li Ning was carried through the air to light the Olympic cauldron , and pyrotechnics exploded throughout Beijing as the crowd of 91,000 at National Stadium cheered wildly . It was a stunning display from the nation of 1.3 billion people . Some media observers believe that the Opening Ceremony may be the most-watched television event in history . IOC President Jacques Rogge spoke of China 's long-held ambition to host the Olympics . "  Tonight , that dream comes true , " he said . Rogge mentioned the Sichuan earthquake , saying the world was moved "  by the great courage and solidarity of the Chinese people . " Emotion was high , as Friday 's Opening Ceremony not only officially started the Summer Games but was a symbolic expression of a nation seeking its place as a global superpower . Watch the excitement in Beijing as the ceremony begins " The ceremony began at 8 p.m. local time  8 a.m. ET  on the eighth day of the eighth month of 2008 -- in a country where eight is the luckiest number . The opening was an artistic mix of performance and light depicting China 's 5,000 years of history . Fireworks shot off across the Chinese capital as thousands of drummers , acrobats , martial artists and dancers performed under a light display at the National Stadium . Children representing each of the 56 ethnic groups in China marched out into the stadium , called the "  Bird 's Nest " because of its notable appearance . Dancers merged with objects that depicted China 's ancient Silk Road , its Great Wall and ancient imperial past . Acrobats swirled around a giant sphere , depicting China 's ambitions in space . Watch why the Olympics mean so much for the Chinese " Delegations from Afghanistan , Taiwan , North Korea and the United States were welcomed by huge cheers . But the loudest roars were saved for the Chinese participants . Waves of emotion greeted China 's delegation as it entered National Stadium , led by flag bearer and basketball superstar Yao Ming . U.S. President Bush was joined by Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and more than 100 heads of state , heads of government and sovereigns expected to attend , the International Olympic Committee said . The joy in Beijing was countered by grave news in Europe . As the Opening Ceremony was under way , Georgia 's president said that his country was under attack by Russian tanks and warplanes . While in Beijing , Bush and Putin met to discuss the conflict . Earlier Friday , the anticipation over the Beijing Olympics was unmistakable in China 's capital city . Thousands were on hand early at Beijing 's Tiananmen Square to witness the traditional flag-raising ceremony by soldiers of the Chinese People 's Liberation Army . Blog : Anticipation was at fever pitch This version of the Olympics brings with it controversy , discord that began in 2001 when the 2008 Games were awarded to Beijing . Criticism over China 's policies on human rights for its citizens , its policies in Tibet and the persistent pollution across the country have been the focus of much international scrutiny and media attention . Watch protests in Germany over China 's Tibet policies " For some world leaders , the decision to attend was a tough call . French President Nicolas Sarkozy threatened to boycott the Games because of human rights abuses in Tibet but later changed his mind . "  It 's inevitable that people from different countries may not see eye to eye , " Hu said recently , "  so we should try to expand our common ground on the basis of mutual respect . " Political leaders do not attend Olympic opening ceremonies as a matter of protocol -- Bush is the first American president to attend them outside the United States -- but China seemed determined to have as many there as possible . "  They want those leaders to confirm the fact that China has returned to great power , prominence in the world , " said David Zweig , a political analyst at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . "  They really want to say to the people of China that we , the Communist party of China , have done a great job . " Watch why China has invested so much in the Olympics " As for the Games , an estimated 10,000 athletes from 205 countries will compete in 28 events for about 300 gold medals . The first medals will be awarded Saturday , and China hoped to claim the first gold of the Games . See a timeline of moments to watch for " The Olympics will offer plenty of drama . China has put a priority on finishing first in the overall medal standings . Government officials have said they expect nothing less than a repeat gold medal from 110-meter hurdler Liu Xiang . Watch how pressure is building for the athletes " On Sunday , swimming competition begins , along with U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps ' quest to win eight gold medals , more than any individual in a single Games . Even if he fails , Phelps could become the all-time leader in gold medals . Also Sunday , an early showdown in basketball as the U.S. basketball team led by stars Kobe Bryant and LeBron James faces host China and Yao Ming . Watch an exclusive CNN interview with Yao " CNN 's Kevin Drew and Emily Chang contributed to this story .	Olympics Opening is under way , marking beginning of Summer Games 2008 summer Olympics is most expensive on record Anticipation building grows who will light Olympic cauldron More than 10,000 athletes to compete for about 300 gold medals
CNN  -- An ash cloud from a Chilean volcano is disrupting air travel in Australia and New Zealand once again , airlines said Wednesday . "  Volcanic ash from the eruption of the Puyehue Cordon Caulle volcano in Chile continues to cause flight disruptions to the Qantas network , " the airline said in a statement . "  At Qantas safety is our first priority and a number of flights have been canceled or rerouted to avoid the volcanic ash cloud . " Qantas and Jetstar suspended Wednesday flights to and from Queenstown , Christchurch and Wellington . Qantas flights between Sydney and Buenos Aires are delayed . The June 4 eruption of the volcano in the Chilean Andes mountains sent plumes of smoke more than six miles into the air . The ash cloud forced the shutdown of flights in and out of several Australian cities last week . Chile is on the so-called "  Ring of Fire , " an arc of volcanoes and fault lines circling the Pacific Basic that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions .	Ash cloud from Chilean volcano is affecting parts of Pacific region Two airlines cancel some flights between Australia and New Zealand The June 4 eruption has already impacted air travel
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The worst snowstorm to hit Britain in 18 years forced the cancellation of more than 650 flights at London 's Heathrow airport Monday and shut down the city 's bus network , partially paralyzing the British capital . A group of men push a giant snowball across Kensington Gardens , west London Monday . Heathrow , one of the busiest transport hubs in the world , closed both its runways for more than two hours Monday morning and operated with just one for the rest of the morning , according to BAA , the company which runs it . London City airport is also closed , while the British capital 's other two airports , Stansted and Gatwick , were operating with severe delays , BAA said . British Airways canceled all flights out of Heathrow until 5 p.m. except for Edinburgh and Lisbon routes . Send your iReport videos , stories One of the city 's largest cab companies was in such high demand it stopped taking cash and credit card bookings , serving only customers with accounts , it said . Dial-a-Cab , which has a fleet of over 2,500 vehicles , served mainly blue-chip companies trying to get employees into work , said Keith Cain a Control Room manager for the company . Customers waited up to an hour and a half for a cab early in the morning , he said . See gallery of UK under snow " Jochen Jaeger , 36 , found himself stranded at Heathrow , unable to fly home to Zurich or to get back into the apartment he rented in London . "  I will stay here at the airport , " he told CNN . "  There is no other option . I may have to spend the night here . " American businessman Ken Plunkett , 60 , from St. Paul , Minnesota , was trying to fly out from Heathrow Airport but found himself caught in the weather chaos . "  I know England does not have the infrastructure to remove snow like we do in Minnesota , " he said . Watch passenger stranded by snow " Jenny Leslie , a shop worker at Heathrow 's Terminal 2 , said it was so quiet at the airport "  you can hear a pin drop . " Southampton Airport , southwest of London , was also closed for several hours Monday morning , but re-opened by 1200 GMT . But many people in the city were delighted by the unusual weather . "  Londoners of all ages are childishly happy to be making snowmen and having snowball fights . Bankers of all ages are throwing snowballs in the middle of the residential streets , " Monica Majumdar told CNN in an iReport . She lived in New York before moving to London four years ago , and was surprised by how little snow it took to bring the British capital to a standstill . "  I have seen snow like this . But somehow , it 's more beautiful here . It 's partly due to the fact that even Londoners are amazed by the snow -- so there is a general air of surrealism , " she said via e-mail . " I do feel like I 'm in a Christmas snowglobe , with all the iconic London monuments blanketed by the powdered snow . " London 's famous red buses were pulled off the roads on Sunday night as the snow got deeper . It was the first time "  in living memory " that all city bus service had been suspended , including when London was being bombed during World War II , a spokesman for the city 's transit agency , Transport for London , said . "  Bus services were suspended throughout London last night on the grounds of passenger safety due to the unsafe road conditions resulting in a large number of traffic incidents across London , " the agency said in a statement Monday morning . Watch London grind to a halt " About six million people ride London buses each day , said the spokesman , who asked not to be named . Some bus service had been restored by lunchtime on Monday . London Mayor Boris Johnson suspended the # 8  $ 11.30  daily congestion charge drivers normally pay to enter central London , the city transport authority said . Some bus service had been restored by lunchtime on Monday . The city 's subway system was also experiencing severe delays , leaving normally bustling central London something of a ghost town . On a regular weekday , London 's transit system handles more than three million passenger journeys . The Federation of Small Businesses estimated that at least one in five workers nationwide -- about 6.4 million employees -- failed to make it into work Monday morning . But the figure was estimated to be far higher -- around two in five -- in London and southeast England , which is home to around a fifth of all British businesses . Monday 's disruptions are likely to cost businesses # 1.2 billion  $ 1.7 billion  , FSB spokesman Stephen Alambritis told CNN . Britain 's national weather service , the Met Office , issued severe weather warnings for all of England and much of Scotland and Wales for both Monday and Tuesday . It reported 20cm of snow in Balham , south London , and 15cm at Canary Wharf in east London . The last time such widespread snowfall affected Britain was in February 1991 , the Met Office said . Watch iReport on snowy Stonehenge . The snow meant a break from school for the region 's children as classes gave way to snowball fights . In the southern English seaside resort of Brighton there was a carnival atmosphere as dozens of people who were unable to get to work threw snowballs and built snowmen on the beach . Mother-of-three Fiona Robbins , 45 , added : "  Everyone is very excited to be able to show their children proper snow for the first time . " Tuesday 's forecast is expected to bring some relief , with the snow expected to stop and temperatures to rise above freezing . Two climbers were found dead Monday morning on Snowdon , the highest mountain in Wales , after being reported missing Sunday night , North Wales Police said . It was not clear if their deaths were related to the storm . CNN Business Assignment Editor Alysen Miller , Laura Perez Maestro , Simon Hooper and Olivia Feld in London contributed to this report .	UK business spokesman : Disruptions would likely cost $ 1.7 billion Meteorologists said snow is worst in southeastern England in 18 years Major international airports including Heathrow , Gatwick badly affected UK weather service issues severe weather warnings for Monday , Tuesday
CNN  -- Alton Alexander Nolen , 30 , was charged Tuesday with first-degree murder and attempted murder in the beheading of a 54-year-old woman last week at his former workplace in Oklahoma and in the stabbing attack on another woman , said Cleveland County District Attorney Greg Mashburn . Nolen was also charged with a third felony , assault with a deadly weapon , the prosecutor said . The attempted murder charge is also called assault and battery with a deadly weapon , Mashburn said . "  It is highly likely I will seek the death penalty in this case , " he said , adding that he would first consult with the victim 's family before making his decision . Nolen , a recent convert to Islam , is accused of carrying out the attacks Thursday at a Vaughan Foods processing plant soon after he learned he 'd lost his job there . Nolen was trying "  to get revenge on certain people he felt responsible " for his job loss , Mashburn said . The large kitchen knife used in the attack came from Nolen 's home , Mashburn said . The FBI is also investigating the attack because Nolen "  was saying Arabic terms in the attack , " Mashburn said . Nolen 's Facebook page uses the name Jah ` Keem Yisrael . The cover photo appears to be of fighters holding weapons . The postings include all-caps messages about Islam and quotations from the Quran . Gov. Mary Fallin called the attack "  an act of cowardice , brutality and barbarism . " The Oklahoma Department of Homeland Security is also investigating the incident . "  That investigation is still ongoing , and it is unclear at this time whether the crime was an act of terrorism , workplace violence or a gruesome combination of both , " Fallin said in a statement . The attack Police said Nolen walked into the Vaughan Foods front office Thursday and attacked one of the first people he encountered , Colleen Hufford , 54 . He severed her head with a knife and then attacked Traci Johnson , 43 . Johnson was one of three people Nolen was targeting , authorities said , and he was n't able to reach the other two . Hufford was attacked despite not being one of the three intended targets , the prosecutor said . Court papers said Nolen grabbed Hufford from behind and "  immediately began cutting her across the throat with the large knife , with a back and forth sawing motion . " Nolen then grabbed Johnson and "  cut her across the throat and left side of her face with the knife " in an attempt at a second beheading , according to a police affidavit . See copy of court papers and police affidavit Mashburn said that while Nolen was employed at the plant , he made statements "  saying he did n't like white people , " which prompted Johnson to file a complaint with the plant 's human resources department . The ` local hero ' Mark Vaughan , the company CEO and a reserve deputy with the Oklahoma County Sheriff 's Office , confronted and twice shot Nolen , authorities said . Vaughan arrived at the plant with a rifle and shot Nolen as he was charging with knife in hand , Mashburn said . Nolen is now hospitalized , Mashburn said . Fallin called Vaughan "  a local hero ... whose whose response saved at least one life and possibly saved others . " "  Mark 's actions also serve as a reminder that the rights outlined in the Second Amendment , which protect the ability of law-abiding citizens to carry weapons , save lives , " the governor added . In unrelated incidents , Nolen was convicted of assault and battery on a police officer , escape from detention and possession of marijuana , all in January 2011 , according to court papers filed by prosecutors . CNN 's Javier de Diego contributed to this report .	Governor says it 's unclear whether attack was terrorism , job violence or both Co-worker complained after Nolen spoke of not liking white people , official says FBI involved because suspect "  was saying Arabic terms " during attacks , official says Alton Alexander Nolen , 30 , is charged with murder , attempted murder , assault
CNN  A young Liberian woman who saved three of her relatives by nursing them back to health after they contracted the Ebola virus is coming to the United States to finish her nursing degree . After a story about Kekula ran on CNN in September , many people wanted to help her . A nonprofit group called iamprojects.org also got involved to try and help finish her education . The news comes as Time magazine announced Wednesday that its "  Person of the Year " honors go to the Ebola fighters , the "  unprecedented numbers " of doctors and nurses who responded when Ebola overtook an already-weak public health infrastructure this year in West Africa . Time 's 2014 Person of the Year Fatu Kekula is not named in the article , but she definitely holds a place among those being honored . The 22-year-old , who was in her final year of nursing school earlier this year , single-handedly took care of her father , mother , sister and cousin when they became ill with Ebola beginning in July . And she did so with remarkable success . Three out of her four patients survived . That 's a 25 % death rate -- considerably better than the estimated Ebola death rate of 70 % . Kekula stayed healthy , which is noteworthy considering that hundreds of health care workers have become infected with Ebola , and she did n't even have personal protection equipment -- those white space suits and goggles used in Ebola treatment units . Instead , Kekula invented her own equipment . International aid workers heard about her "  trash bag method " and taught it to other West Africans who ca n't get into hospitals and do n't have protective gear of their own . Every day , several times a day for about two weeks , Kekula put trash bags over her socks and tied them in a knot over her calves . Then she put on a pair of rubber boots and then another set of trash bags over the boots . She wrapped her hair in a pair of stockings and over that a trash bag . Next she donned a raincoat and four pairs of gloves on each hand , followed by a mask . It was an arduous and time-consuming process , but she was religious about it , never cutting corners . UNICEF Spokeswoman Sarah Crowe said Kekula is amazing . "  Essentially this is a tale of how communities are doing things for themselves , " Crowe said . "  Our approach is to listen and work with communities and help them do the best they can with what they have . " Two doctors for 85,000 people She emphasized , of course , that it would be better for patients to be in real hospitals with doctors and nurses in protective gear -- it 's just that those things are n't available to many West Africans . No one knows that better than Kekula . Her Ebola nightmare started July 27 , when her father , Moses , had a spike in blood pressure . She took him to a hospital in their home city of Kakata . A bed was free because a patient had just passed away . What no one realized at the time was that the patient had died of Ebola . One woman walked in , and the Ebola nightmare began Moses , 52 , developed a fever , vomiting and diarrhea . Then the hospital closed down because nurses started dying of Ebola . Kekula took her father to Monrovia , the capital city , about a 90-minute drive via difficult roads . Three hospitals turned him away because they were full . She took him back to another hospital in Kakata . They said he had typhoid fever and did little for him , so Kekula took him home , where he infected three other family members : Kekula 's mother , Victoria , 57 ; Kekula 's sister , Vivian , 28 , and their 14-year-old cousin who was living with them , Alfred Winnie . Guilty of Ebola until proven otherwise While operating her one-woman Ebola hospital for two weeks , Kekula consulted with their family doctor , who would talk to her on the phone , but would n't come to the house . She gave them medicines she obtained from the local clinic and fluids through intravenous lines that she started . At times , her patients ' blood pressure plummeted so low she feared they would die . "  I cried many times , " she said . "  I said ` God , you want to tell me I 'm going to lose my entire family ? ' " But her father , mother , and sister rallied and were well on their way to recovery when space became available at JFK Medical Center on August 17 . Alfred never recovered , though , and passed away at the hospital the next day . "  I 'm very , very proud , " Kekula 's father said . "  She saved my life through the almighty God . " Her father immediately began working to find a scholarship for Kekula , so she could finish her final year of nursing school . But the Ebola epidemic shut down many of Liberia 's schools , including hers . With some help , Kekula applied to Emory University in Atlanta , the campus with the hospital that has successfully cared for American Ebola patients . Emory accepted the young woman so that she could complete her nursing degree starting this winter semester . In order to attend , iamprojects will have to raise $ 40,000 to pay for her reduced tuition rate , living expenses , books and her travel and visa so that she can travel between Africa and the United States . Kekula 's father has no doubt that his daughter will go on to save many more people during her lifetime . "  I 'm sure she 'll be a great giant of Liberia , " he said . Ebola patients left to lay on the ground CNN 's John Bonifield , Orlando Ruiz , and Orlind Cooper contributed to this report .	Fatu Kekula , 22 , nursed four family members infected with Ebola She protected herself using trash bags , rubber boots , gloves and a mask Her protection method is being taught to others in West Africa
CNN  -- France have secured their place in the Davis Cup final after taking an unassailable 3-0 lead in their semi-final against Argentina in Lyon on Saturday . The win came courtesy of Michael Llodra and Arnaud Clement who defeated U.S. Open semi-finalists Horacio Zeballos and Eduardo Schwank 6-4 7-5 6-3 in two hours and 28 minutes . France were 2-0 ahead overnight thanks to singles wins by Llodra who defeated Juan Monaco , and by Gael Monfils overcame David Nalbandian in four sets . The nine-time winners have n't been in a Davis Cup final since 2002 . "  I am very excited and I am very , very happy because the crowd was unbelievable , " France 's team captain Guy Forget said , DavisCup.com reported . "  The emotions are here , the spirit is here , the quality of the players is unbelievable . I am so proud to lead a team like this one . They have gone through a lot of things together ... They struggled a bit last year but to see them on the court celebrating emotionally is very strong , " Forget added , DavisCup.com reported . But Argentina 's captain Tito Vasquez was stunned by the defeat . "  I never thought the result would be so bad . We always thought we could win it , " Vasquez said , AFP reported . France will face either last year 's runners-up Czech Republic or Serbia -- who have yet to reach a Davis Cup final -- in December 's final . The Czechs are 2-1 ahead after Tomas Berdych and Radek Stepanek defeated U.S. Open runner-up Novak Djokovic and partner Nenad Zimonjic 3-6 6-1 6-4 6-1 . But there is all to play for on Sunday . Djokovic is favorite to beat Berdych in the first reverse singles . Should that match go to form then the tie will be decided by the match between Stepanek and Janko Tipsarevic -- who on paper are separated by just two ranking places .	France are through to December 's Davis Cup final after beating Argentina Llodra and Clement defeat Zeballos and Schwank in four sets to take 3-0 lead in tie Nine-time winners will face Czech Republic or Serbia who play to a finish Sunday
Washington  CNN  -- Some very preliminary talks have been under way "  for the past few days " to potentially allow Boston bomb suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to resume providing investigators with information about the attacks in exchange for having the death penalty taken off the table , two government sources say . The sources said such initial communications between opposing sides on a range of procedural and other issues are standard procedure . Communications are in the very early stages , and not a sign lawyers for either side are ready to make a deal , said one source , who did not want to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the private discussions . The source emphasized these are not formal negotiations , and no deals have been offered . The discussions between prosecution and defense attorneys are at a "  preliminary , delicate stage " and both refused to offer details of what either side would be willing to leverage , according to the sources . A Justice Department official said it is not accurate to suggest there are negotiations . "  The notion that we are engaging in discussions over a penalty is not accurate , " the official said . "  As far as I know , there are no negotiations . " The government has not said whether it will seek the death penalty in this case . Justice Department spokesman Dean Boyd noted Tuesday that "  the federal charges against Tsarnaev authorize a penalty , upon conviction , of death or imprisonment for life , or any term of years . " The charges include using a weapon of mass destruction . From fear to cheers : The final hours that paralyzed Boston "  We have no comment at this time on what potential penalty the government might seek if the defendant is convicted , particularly given that the defendant has only just been charged , " Boyd added . This comes after a federal magistrate judge Monday approved appointment of a defense attorney who specializes in handling capital cases . Judy Clarke of San Diego has a reputation of working with high-profile clients to get death-eligible crimes reduced . She has represented Unabomber Ted Kaczynski , Atlanta Olympic bomber Eric Rudolph , and most recently Tucson mass shooter Jared Lee Loughner . Clarke separately cut deals for all three to avoid lethal injection . The suspect is hospitalized with gunshot wounds at a federal Bureau of Prisons medical center in Devens , Massachusetts . He and his brother , Tamerlan , are suspected of detonating two explosive devices at the Boston Marathon race April 15 , leaving three dead and more than 175 people wounded . The elder Tsarnaev was killed three days later in a gun battle with police . Legal sources say it is not unusual for both sides to reach out and begin these kinds of conversations in high-profile criminal cases . Those sources say both Tsarnaev 's legal team and top-level Justice Department officials also have been meeting separately to weigh their options . Two federal public defenders in Boston -- William Fick and Miriam Conrad -- were in the hospital room April 22 when Tsarnaev had his first court appearance , and had his Miranda rights first read to him by federal Magistrate Marianne Bowler . Those lawyers had asked for Clarke to join the legal team , and they must decide whether their client will cooperate with the ongoing investigation . Tsarnaev 's lawyers must weigh the initial evidence the government has presented against their client , and the strength of any additional charges that may be added when a formal indictment is presented in coming weeks . That evidence and Tsarnaev 's own private statements about his alleged involvement will shape whether plea negotiations develop over time . On the other side , government sources say investigators are eager to resume questioning of Tsarnaev , for any details about other possible suspects and plots . What may have motivated the brothers to allegedly commit the terror acts is also of major interest to the U.S. intelligence community . Removing execution as a legal option could induce the suspect to talk , but nothing is expected until a grand jury hands down an indictment . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder would have the final say on whether prosecutors would pursue the death penalty at trial . That decision , too , is some weeks off , said another government source . A special team of federal agents were able to speak with the seriously wounded Tsarnaev for about two days without any Miranda warnings being given , under a "  public safety exception . " CNN has learned the young man admitted to the acts , and said he and his brother acted alone . Sources say he has since stopped talking with the government . CNN 's Joe Johns and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Boston bomb suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is no longer talking with investigators Sources : A deal could allow him to avoid the death penalty if he resumes providing information The talks are not a sign Tsarnaev 's attorneys are ready to make a deal , one source says High-profile attorney Judy Clarke has been added to the defense team
CNN  -- Ten years ago , Kayla McAlister was hiding under her bed to avoid going to rugby training with her father and her All Black brother . Today , she is the world 's best women 's sevens player -- an astonishing achievement given that she took up the sport as recently as late 2012 . Now the former netball player has Olympic gold in her sights . "  Rio is why I made the move , " the New Zealander tells CNN . "  I 'd made our provincial team for netball but I was only on the bench that year and the following year I was cut . "  Then the sevens opportunity came up . It was n't quite a joke but it was a bit of fun . I was approaching my mid-20s and was n't getting any younger , in a rut and this opportunity came up -- one door shutting and another one opening . " It was her dad , Charlie , a former rugby league professional who played in England and Australia , that spotted New Zealand 's Go4Gold campaign to lure women players to the sevens ranks with the 2016 Olympics in mind , and gave his daughter the nudge to follow in the family 's rugby roots . "  So I went along with another netball player to try out . We turned up and were put through an Army assault course . It was horrific , " the 25-year-old recalls . "  We were up at 5 a.m. and doing an obstacle course in -5 degrees in water . I remember at the time we were saying , ` What were we thinking , have we made the right decision ? ' " The decision paid off in some style . Last season , New Zealand were crowned IRB champions and McAlister was named player of the year at the end-of-season awards . This year , the Kiwis are top of the standings going into next month 's deciding tournament in Amsterdam , after beating Australia in April 's China final . McAlister is New Zealand 's leading try scorer this season with 20 -- one more than the netballer she tried out with , Portia Woodman , who touched down a record 12 times in Guangzhou , including the clincher in the final . That McAlister has got to such heights so soon brought a wry smile to the face of her father and brother Luke , who now plies his trade with Toulouse in France after a six-year All Blacks career in which he earned 30 Test caps . "  I was terrible when I was younger , " she admits . "  Luke was a bit older than me so he and Dad were always out training . "  Dad would try to get me to train with them but I did n't want to . I wanted to hang out with my friends and that would have taken me away from my friends . "  So I tried to get out of it however I could , like hiding under my bed so they would n't find me . "  I 'm gutted now as I would n't have had to work so hard on getting fit as a 25-year-old . I think they both laugh at me now . " Quite how she never made the move before , she admits , is a bit of a mystery considering her genetics . But then the opportunities for female rugby players had generally been limited . Luke started playing for the All Blacks while Kayla was at high school , and she was aware of both the prestige and pressure of pulling on such a famous jersey . "  I used to watch him and I 've learned so much from him , " she says . "  When I used to watch I never really followed the rules properly though . I understood the basics but I 've really struggled with somethings like the rucks . "  I watch the game in a completely different way now . If I can emulate just a little of what he 's achieved I 'll be happy with that . " McAlister 's boyfriend Pita Ahki is also a promising star , having already represented the All Blacks sevens team and this year earning a place in the Auckland Blues ' Super Rugby squad . The sport has turned her life on its head . Until recently she worked for the Justice Ministry in an administrative post she had held for five years . Her rugby commitments -- training every day from 9 to 12 plus travel to tournaments -- meant that increasingly that came too hard to continue with despite her understanding and adaptable bosses . So instead she has switched back to being a student -- studying part-time in childcare , in stark contrast to the rough and tumble of her fledgling rugby career . She describes herself and women 's sevens as being on a "  steep learning curve " globally . At home , recognition is growing steadily for the sport . "  But abroad it 's different , " she says . "  The All Black jersey carries so much weight wherever you go and it 's then you realize how important and how prestigious it is . "  It 's great to be a part of that . Those guys are kings and obviously we 're a little bit down from that but it 's growing all the time . There 's more rugby in high schools now and we 've got schoolgirls coming into our squad now . It 's exciting . " Were sevens not in the Olympics , McAlister admits this would not be a path she would be pursuing , and that she might still be plying her sporting trade in netball . "  I might go back to it one day , I do n't know really but I do n't miss it , I have n't had the chance , " she says . "  Also , there 's so much freedom and room to move in sevens . I love that . I 'm not sure I could go back to the confines of netball where you 're so constrained by your movement on the court . "  The Olympics is why you get up every morning and train . I remember watching it as a kid and loving the athletics and gymnastics in particular . To be able to be a part of that would be pretty special -- to aspire to gold would be amazing . "  But it 's so competitive right now and will be even more so come 2016 . Between now and then , it 's all about building with the girls . "	Kayla McAlister is a new convert to sevens despite family 's rugby heritage She first showed sporting prowess in netball but quit to target 2016 Olympics She was crowned 2013 world player of the year , marking a meteoric rise The 25-year-old has quit her day job to focus on mastering the game
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- A judge dismissed all charges Wednesday against six police officers and a former officer who 'd been accused of shooting unarmed civilians , two of them fatally , at a New Orleans bridge days after Hurricane Katrina . In dismissing the charges , Criminal District Judge Raymond Bigelow said three of the defendants were forced to testify before the grand jury that went on to indict them and the other four . State law says that "  no testimony or other information compelled under the order , or any information directly or indirectly derived from such testimony or other information , may be used against the witness in any criminal case , " the judge noted . The judge said he reached "  the inescapable conclusion that the state improperly used the testimony of these officers to indict them as well as the others . " He also cited testimony in which a police lieutenant said he had been shown one of the defendant 's grand jury testimony . The state plans to appeal , the clerk of the court said . The shootings of September 4 , 2005 , the Sunday after Hurricane Katrina struck , killed two men and wounded four other people who were were trying to evacuate by crossing the Danziger Bridge over the Industrial Canal . The officers had gone to the bridge because of reports that rescue workers heard gunfire and an officer had been wounded . Police said officers shot only after being shot at , though some evidence contradicted that assertion . Killed were Ronald Madison , 40 , and James Brissette , 19 . Bigelow threw out indictments against Sgts . Kenneth Bowen and Robert Gisevius Jr. , Officer Anthony Villavaso II and former Officer Robert Faulcon Jr. , who were facing first-degree murder and attempted murder charges . Bigelow also threw out attempted first-degree murder charges against Officers Mike Hunter Jr. and Robert Barrios and attempted second-degree murder charges against Officer Ignatius Hills .	Judge : State improperly used forced testimony to indict officers Two killed , four others injured in New Orleans shooting days after Hurricane Katrina State to appeal dismissal of charges
CNN  -- Tests show products at a Peanut Corporation of America subsidiary in Texas may be tainted with salmonella , state health authorities said on Tuesday . The Texas Department of State Health Services said on Tuesday it requested that the plant be closed after the company reported the findings of a private lab . Doug McBride , a health services spokesman , said the positive samples were taken last week and the private company 's lab results came back on Monday . State test results were expected to come back on Tuesday . The company voluntarily closed its Plainview , Texas , plant on Monday night "  after laboratory tests of sample products from the plant indicated the possible presence of salmonella in some products , " state health officials said . A Blakely , Georgia , peanut processing plant is under investigation in connection with a salmonella outbreak that has been linked to eight deaths and has sickened about 600 people nationwide . That facility is not operating at this time , the FDA said on Tuesday . Operations of the Plainview Peanut Co. have been halted while state investigators and the FDA "  complete their investigation of the plant 's procedures and records of food safety . " The state health agency said it is unaware of any illnesses linked to Plainview products and "  is developing specific criteria the company must meet before it can resume production . " "  The peanut meal and granulated peanuts had not been shipped out of the Plainview facility . The dry roasted peanuts had been shipped to a distributor but were detained and recalled before further distribution . It is not yet known if the salmonella possibly found in the product testing is the same strain of the bacterium implicated in a 43-state outbreak of salmonellosis , " Texas authorities said . The Peanut Corporation of America , which runs the processing plant , said on its Web site on Tuesday that the Plainview plant is making the move voluntarily to cooperate with authorities . The original peanut butter recall launched weeks ago has expanded to include more than 1,000 products . The Peanut Corporation of America originally said tainted peanut butter and peanut paste were shipped by Peanut Corporation of America to institutions such as schools , nursing homes and prisons but not grocery stores . But on Sunday , the company revised its recall notice to say products were in fact sold to some retail outlets , dollar stores , such as 99 Cent Stuff , 99 Cents Only Stores , Dollar General , and Dollar Tree Stores . Products include Casey 's , Parnell 's Pride , Reggie , and Robinson Crusoe labels . Companies that make peanut butter are reporting a dip in sales despite the FDA 's assurances that major-label peanut butter in grocery stores is safe . See FDA 's list of recalled peanut products . Peanut butter makers not affected by the deadly salmonella outbreak are trying to get consumers to keep buying peanut butter . Companies such as ConAgra Foods Incorporated and J.M. Smucker Company have been running ads and offering coupons , trying to lure peanut butter customers as sales have plunged at least 20 percent since the salmonella outbreak . The Blakely plant was raided by the FBI Monday morning , a CNN affiliate reported .	NEW : Officials : Lab tests of sample products from the plant were taken Plainview Peanut Co. in Texas has suspended operations , the company says The Texas company is a subsidiary of the Peanut Corp. of America Peanut Corp. under investigation for shipping tainted products that sickened 600
Washington  CNN  -- As competition expands among airlines to offer passengers the latest in-flight entertainment options , intercontinental routes have been slow to add Internet service . Because in-flight Internet relies on transmitting signals to the ground , intercontinental flights have yet to find a reliably cost-effective means of providing passengers with Wi-Fi service while over water . The main drawbacks are cost and the added weight of the equipment needed for satellite transmission . Several airlines have plans to roll out transcontinental Internet service this year . This month , Qantas is partnering with a company called OnAir to test satellite-based Internet service aboard flights from Australia to Los Angeles . Japan 's JAL intends to roll out Internet service to passengers flying from Japan to Europe and North America this summer . United Airlines is reportedly exploring Internet service on international flights . Emirates Airlines says it plans to test satellite based internet service on its A380 double-deck , wide-body jets . Meanwhile , nearly all U.S. airlines have announced plans to install Internet service and added amenities on domestic aircraft in recent years . In-flight Internet service provider GoGo announced Wednesday that it has reached a deal to expand service aboard US Airways fleet of Airbus A319 , A320 and Embraer 190 aircrafts . Delta Airlines recently announced it was partnering with Amazon to provide passengers with free access to shop the online retail giant 's website onboard all of Delta and Delta Connection flights with in-flight Wi-Fi service .	In-flight Internet relies on transmitting signals to the ground Airlines have n't found cost-effective way of providing Wi-Fi service while over water Main drawbacks are cost , added weight of equipment for satellite transmission Several airlines plans to start offering the service this year
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Edwin van der Sar claimed the all-time British record for minutes without conceding a goal during Manchester United 's 1-0 win over West Ham on Sunday . Triumphant : Edwin van der Sar holds the British goalkeeping record for most time without conceding . The Dutch veteran also took the 30-year-old English record from Steve Death last week . Death 's name , with all due respect to the former Reading custodian , is not up there with the game 's greats . So who is in Van der Sar 's league as football 's finest shot-stoppers , the men who rarely get the credit but often cop the flak ? Here , Football Fanzone presents a run down of the best goalkeepers in history . Read through our picks and tell us if you disagree or if we 've missed anyone in the Sound Off box below . What do you think of van der Sar 's inclusion ? Lev Yashin  USSR Yahsin is the only goalkeeper ever to be named European Footballer of the Year , in 1963 . Dubbed the Black Spider for his all-black outfit and what seemed like eight limbs , the Russian even invented the concept of the keeper as sweeper . In the days when keepers were not protected by referees as they are today , Yashin 's bravery and acrobatics were legendary and 207 clean sheets and 150 penalties saves he made in a 22-year career tell their own story . The best keeper at each World Cup is presented with the Yashin Award . Dino Zoff  Italy Zoff is one of just two goalkeepers to lift the World Cup having captained Italy to their third crown in 1982 . He was already 40 then , making him the oldest World Cup-winning captain too . But the unflappable Zoff 's achievements do n't end there : he holds the record for the longest playing time without conceding in international tournaments  1,142 minutes  set between 1972 and 1974 . And with 112 caps , he ranks third in the Azzurri 's all-time list . A true great . Gordon Banks  England "  What a save , " so the commentary runs to the finest piece of goalkeeping ever and one of football 's most memorable moments . Pele was certain he 'd scored after meeting Jairzinho 's center , heading powerfully down into the left-hand corner of the net in Brazil 's 1-0 1970 World Cup group win over England . But somehow Banks scrambled across , miraculously diving to push the ball up over the bar . Banks might have been immortalized by that stop , but his absence through illness from England 's subsequent quarter-final against West Germany was perhaps more telling when his replacement Peter Bonetti was made a scapegoat for the defending champions ' defeat . Peter Schmeichel  Denmark Schmeichel will go down as Sir Alex Ferguson 's best signing for Manchester United , certainly pound-for-pound . Bought for just $ 750,000 in 1991 , the imposing Schmeichel would provide United everything a world-class goalkeeper requires -- including the ability to launch a swift counter-attack . He won Euro 92 with Denmark and the Treble with United in 1999 , while 13 career goals are not to be sniffed at either . He played on a season too long , maybe , but on his day there were few better . Edwin van der Sar  Holland At 38 , the rangy Van der Sar is in the very twilight of his career -- but what a career it 's been . The man from Voorhout holds the record number of caps for Holland , he 's won the Champions League twice and is on course to win a third Premier League title in a row with Manchester United this season . All of which makes you wonder how come he spent so long at Fulham ? United fans would love to have had Van der Sar way before 2005 ; he has proved to be the definitive Schmeichel replacement . Iker Casillas  Spain It 's easy to take Casillas ' brilliance for granted , but stand back and look at his career and it 's clear he 's already one of the greats . Real Madrid have always been able to lure the best , yet they 've had the agile Casillas as their number-one No. 1 since 1999 -- when he was still a teenager . Still only 27 , Casillas is contracted to the club until 2017 . He 's already won two Champions Leagues and four La Liga titles . At international level he came into his own during 2008 by captaining Spain to the European Championship , becoming the first goalkeeper to do so . Ricardo Zamora 's legacy is safe hands . Pat Jennings  Northern Ireland Jennings was a late starter in the position and famously had no official coaching . His international career spanned a record-breaking six World Cups  including qualifying campaigns  across 22 years . By the time he came out of retirement to play for Northern Ireland at Mexico 1986 , Jennings was 41 and ended the tournament with 119 caps . He played more than 1,000 games , including crossing the bitter north London divide by playing for Tottenham and Arsenal . The unflappable Jennings ' enormous hands were his trademark and the curse of many an attacker . Gianluigi Buffon  Italy Buffon vies with Casillas and the Czech Republic 's Petr Cech to be considered the best goalkeeper around at the moment , but in a country with a long tradition of high-quality No. 1s Buffon is up there with the very best . Winning the 2006 Yashin Award was the perfect riposte to his critics after Juventus ' dramatic fall from grace owing to match-fixing . Buffon , an imposing figure with no obvious weaknesses , stayed loyal to the Old Lady , who made him the world 's most expensive goalkeeper in 2001 when they paid Parma $ 46.2 m for him . He 's been worth every cent . Jose Luis Chilavert  Paraguay If there 's one thing a goalkeeper is not expected to do -- other than to make a mistake -- it 's score a goal . Given Chilavert netted no fewer than 62 times in his career , including eight for his country , it seems only fair he should be included on this list . Brazil 's Rogerio Ceni may have outscored him and Rene Higuita of Colombia might have out-done him on the chutzpah front , but Chilavert 's pioneering free-kicks and penalties have made him a legend . Mohamed Al-Deayea  Saudi Arabia Goalkeepers are known for their longevity and ability to perform into their 40s . That makes Al-Deayea a relative youngster at just 36 , but the Saudi Arabian holds the world record for the most number of international appearances . Over a 16-year career for the Middle Eastern country , Al-Deayea racked up a scarcely believable 181 caps . . Having started his career playing handball , Al-Deayea went on to play in three World Cups -- and was even on the receiving end of an 8-0 thumping by eventual finalists Germany at the 2002 tournament . Guillermo Ochoa  Mexico This one is from the left-field and a little premature for a list containing the best goalkeepers of all time . But much is expected of Ochoa , Mexico 's up-and-coming talent . He 's already been linked with a move to Manchester United and he is on the radar of a number of Europe 's top clubs . Reliant on his amazing reflexes , Ochoa is one of the best shot-stoppers out there and great at on-the-spot improvised saves . Ochoa 's already established in the Mexico set-up and is already such a big star already that the American release of the FIFA 09 video game featured him on the front cover . Definitely one to watch .	Edwin van der Sar claims British record for minutes without conceding a goal CNN picks 11 of the top goalkeepers of all time Share your thoughts on who should in and who should be out
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Iran is in an "  open war " with Israel , President Shimon Peres said Monday , as he pointed the finger at Iran and Hezbollah for last week 's bombing in Bulgaria that killed five Israelis . In an exclusive interview with CNN , Peres said Israel would act to prevent further attacks . Peres said Israel had "  enough " hard intelligence to link the Bulgaria attack to Iran and its proxy Hezbollah and believes more attacks are being planned as part of what he called an "  open war against Israel . " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that Iran and the Lebanon-based Hezbollah movement were responsible for a number of attacks and attempted attacks against Israeli targets in Thailand , Georgia , India , Greece , Cyprus and other countries . Asked whether the Bulgaria bombing and the other attempted attacks were revenge for the assassination of Iranian nuclear scientists , which Iran blames on Israel , Peres said that Israel has never claimed responsibility for the killings . But he noted that Israel has a right to prevent killing of its citizens . Read more on the tension between Israel and Iran "  We do n't have an initiative of terror , " Peres said . "  We do n't do it . But self-defense is the right and the must of every people . " He said Israel 's policy was one of "  prevention , " rather than "  retaliation . " "  If you have enough information about a certain person which is a ticking clock that can explode a bomb that can endanger civilian life , clearly you have to prevent him from doing so , " Peres said , citing reports that the United States has killed as many as 3,000 people in drone strikes aimed at terrorist enclaves . With neighboring Syria in a spiral of violence , Peres said Israel will be forced to seize Syria 's chemical weapons if there is a risk President Bashar al-Assad would use them against Israel or that the arsenal could fall into terrorist hands . Over the weekend , Defense Minister Ehud Barak said he ordered the military to prepare contingency plans to attack Syria 's chemical weapons arsenals , should the need arise . "  The use of chemical weapons is internationally forbidden ... and what do you do when somebody violates the law ? You fight against it , " Peres said . "  You stop them . We shall not remain indifferent and tell them , ` Do what you want . ' " When asked how far Israel would go to secure Syria 's chemical arsenal , Peres simply said : "  Until it will stop being a danger . " With Israel facing a potential influx of refugees , Peres said although no Syrians have tried to enter the country , Israel would not help any refugees who want to cross the border and would use force against any armed individuals . "  If they will come by force , we shall stop them by force , " Peres said . "  If they shall come in without force , we shall stop them the way any country defended her border with civilian means . " Peres spoke a day after Israel marked the 40th anniversary of the 1972 Olympic Games in Munich , Germany , where 11 Israeli athletes and coaches were killed . While he would n't go into details , Peres said Israel was taking precautions to ensure Israeli athletes would not be targeted at the London Olympic Games , which start later this week . He argued , however , that if Israeli intelligence services been at Munich , they would probably have been able to prevent the attack .	Shimon Peres blames Iran and Hezbollah for an attack that killed 5 Israelis The president wo n't confirm Israel has been killing Iranian nuclear scientists Israel will act on its own to secure Syria 's chemical weapons if necessary , he vows The country will not allow Syrian refugees to flood in amid the violence there , he says
CNN  -- Jennie-O Turkey Store is recalling nearly 55,000 pounds of frozen , raw turkey burgers that may be contaminated with Salmonella , the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Food Safety and Inspection Service said Saturday . The recall pertains to packages of "  All Natural Turkey Burgers with seasonings Lean White Meat " with a "  use by " date of December 23 , 2011 , the FSIS said on its website . The ground turkey , which comes in 4-pound boxes containing 12 patties , is sold exclusively at Sam 's Club , Jennie-O said on its recall website . People who have purchased the product should not consume it . They can return it to a Sam 's Club store for a full refund , Jennie-O said . An investigation of a Salmonella outbreak in 10 states found three people in Colorado , Ohio , and Wisconsin reported illness after eating the Jennie-O ground turkey , leading the FSIS to determine there is a link between the product and the outbreak , the agency said on its website . The last of these illnesses was reported on March 14 . Consumption of food contaminated with Salmonella can cause salmonellosis , one of the most common bacterial food-borne illnesses . Salmonella infections can be life-threatening , especially to those with weak immune systems , such as infants , the elderly and persons with HIV infection or are undergoing chemotherapy . The most common symptoms of the illness caused by eating food contaminated with Salmonella are diarrhea , abdominal cramps and fever , according to the FSIS . Additional symptoms may include chills , headache , nausea and vomiting that can last up to seven days .	The turkey burgers involved in the recall were sold exclusively at Sam 's Club Three people in Colorado , Ohio and Wisconsin reported illness after eating the turkey Salmonella can lead to diarrhea , abdominal cramps and fever
Washington  CNN  -- The House of Representatives voted Wednesday to overturn the ban on openly gay and lesbian soldiers serving in the U.S. military , passing legislation repealing the controversial "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . The bill -- a so-called "  stand alone " measure not tied to any other legislative items -- passed 250 to 175 on mostly partisan lines . It now advances to the Senate . The House previously passed a repeal of the ban as part of a larger defense policy bill , but the measure stalled last week in the Senate . On Wednesday , the top Democrat and Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee announced a compromise on a stripped-down version of the defense policy bill that cut out the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal language and some other provisions . Some senators had expressed concern that the policy dispute over "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and other issues could undermine the larger defense policy bill , which influences how the Pentagon spends it budget . Also Wednesday , moderate Republican Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine announced her support for repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " but only after the Senate completes work on the tax and benefits package and a measure authorizing continued government spending this fiscal year . Snowe became the fourth Republican to publicly support a repeal , giving Democrats an opening to overcome a certain Republican filibuster . Sensing momentum on the issue , President Barack Obama and Defense Secretary Robert Gates called Wednesday for Senate approval so that the repeal can be signed into law . "  Moving forward with the repeal is not only the right thing to do , it will also give our military the clarity and certainty it deserves , " Obama said in a White House statement . "  We must ensure that Americans who are willing to risk their lives for their country are treated fairly and equally by their country . Gates "  encourages the Senate to pass the legislation this session , enabling the Department of Defense to carefully and responsibly manage a change in this policy instead of risking an abrupt change resulting from a decision in the courts , " said a statement issued by Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell . The sponsors of the measure in the Senate -- Connecticut independent Joe Lieberman and Maine Republican Susan Collins -- said the House vote showed bipartisan support for ending the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . "  It is now the Senate 's turn to take the final step toward overturning this discriminatory policy . We are out of excuses , " their statement concluded . In House debate before Wednesday 's vote , Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , also said that "  now is the time for us to act . " "  We should honor the service of all who want to contribute " to America 's security , Pelosi said . "  Repealing ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' makes for good public policy . " "  Discrimination is wrong , " declared Rep. John Lewis , D-Georgia . "  On the battlefield it does not matter who you love . Only the flag that you serve . " Conservative Republicans argued that , among other things , a repeal would place an unreasonable burden on the military at a time when it is already facing severe strains in Afghanistan and elsewhere . This is "  an imposition of somebody 's social agenda , " said Rep. Todd Akin , R-Missouri . It 's an "  eclipse of reason , an eclipse of common sense . " "  The United States military is not the YMCA . It 's something special , " said Rep. Duncan Hunter , R-California . This is "  a liberal crusade to create a utopia . " Obama and Democratic leaders are trying to push through a repeal before the end of the current lame-duck congressional session . The more conservative incoming Congress -- which will be seated the first week of January -- is considered far less likely to overturn the Clinton-era ban . The Democratic Senate caucus has 58 members , meaning Democrats need at least two Republicans to join them to overcome a filibuster . So far , Republicans Snowe , Collins , Scott Brown of Massachusetts and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska have said they would support a repeal , but they also have stood by a GOP pledge to block all Senate business until a resolution is reached on extending the Bush tax cuts and authorizing continued government this fiscal year . Both the tax package and the spending authorization proposal are being debated and were expected to be passed in some form by the end of the lame-duck session . However , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , warned Wednesday night that Republican stall tactics could prevent the repeal from coming up before the current lame-duck session expires . "  We are very quickly running out of days in this Congress , " Reid said in a statement . "  The time for week-long negotiations on amendments and requests for days of debate is over . Republican Senators who favor repealing this discriminatory policy need to join with us now to stand against those who are trying to run out the clock on this Congress . " A Pentagon study released earlier this month concluded that allowing openly gay or lesbian troops to serve in the military would have little lasting impact on the U.S. armed forces . Opposition to the change was much higher in Army and Marine combat units than in the military as a whole . Gates has warned that court challenges to "  do n't ask , do n't tell " could force an abrupt repeal of the policy , rather than the process in the legislation that would allow the military to manage the change on a longer timetable . Last spring , Gates made changes that required any fact-finding inquiries about a possible "  do n't ask , do n't tell " violation in the ranks to be started by an officer with the rank of colonel or Navy commander or higher . He also initiated rules that made it more difficult for a service member to be removed because of a third-party "  outing . " The number of military discharges made due to the policy has since dropped sharply . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Reid warns Republican stall tactics could prevent a repeal from passing President Obama , defense secretary urge Senate passage of the repeal bill Republican Sen. Snowe announces her support of a repeal The House votes to repeal the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , sending it to the Senate
CNN  -- The chiseled face and steely baby blue eyes made convicted felon Jeremy Meeks an overnight celebrity . But his manager is n't exactly feeling the love . Meeks ' family hired new representation to manage his new celebrity image after his mug shot went viral on social media under hashtags such as #hotfelon and #hotconvict . But some people have taken offense to the popularity of a man who has sat in jail before for felony theft and now faces new charges of weapons possession , gang membership and probation violation . Meeks ' manager Gina Rodriguez says she received about 30 harassing phone calls , including a death threat . Her office filed a report Friday with the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . Rodriguez was hired last week to work with the Meeks family because "  they were getting overwhelmed , " she said . "  What a way to get discovered . " The picture turned Meeks into an overnight celebrity and prompted various memes , including digitally altered images replacing his plain white T-shirt with spiffy high-end suits . Modeling offers in jail Even in jail , Meeks , 30 , has apparently had offers from modeling agencies and reality TV shows . Rodriguez said she is considering four different production companies for a show starring Meeks . And she 's also in talks with a modeling agency , she said . Meeks is still in the San Joaquin County Jail . He was arraigned Friday after being pulled over by authorities in Stockton , California , during a gang sweep , police said . Meeks was driving and one of the passengers , Terry Bailey , 23 , was on probation , the San Joaquin County District Attorney 's Office said . "  A search of the passenger compartment yielded a 9mm round of ammunition and a small amount of what is believed to be marijuana , " the prosecutor 's office said in a statement . "  A search of the trunk located an unregistered and loaded ... 45 caliber semiautomatic handgun along with two extended magazines . " Authorities did not say who the guns belonged to , but those in the car faces felony weapons charges . Meeks ' rap sheet Meeks ' prior brushes with the law include resisting arrest and admitting ties to the Crips gang , authorities said . He also spent two years in prison in 2002 for a grand theft conviction , according to the district attorney 's office . But his family insists he has turned over a new leaf . "  With his past history , he got out of being incarcerated and put his mind on focus to his family and started doing what he had to do , " his brother , Bryan Varela , has told CNN affiliate KOVR . "  Living the dream that he always wanted . " Despite his ill fame , the fans have kept coming . " ... too handsome to be in the jail omg !!! " one commenter posted to Facebook . "  I want to marry Jeremy and have all his babies . Seeing this picture brightened my day . When I 'm feeling sad , alone and hopeless , I gaze into those dreamy blue eyes and all my fears go away , " another said . But others are unswayed by his looks and disgusted with the attention he garners . "  The problem is that he gets more ` likes ' than an average-looking or ugly guy who pulls a woman from a burning car or saves a kid from drowning , " a commenter wrote under Meeks ' photo . His fans may have to wait a little longer before they see him out of the jail setting . During the arraignment , authorities set his bail at $ 1 million .	Jeremy Meeks ' family has hired a representative to manage publicity The manager allegedly received harassing phone calls and a death threat Her staff filed a report with authorities
CNN  -- Alex Trebek , longtime host of the television quiz show "  Jeopardy , " was injured while chasing a burglar out of his hotel room early Tuesday . The 71-year-old TV personality revealed his condition at the National Geographic World Championship in San Francisco . Footage shot by CNN affiliate KGO showed Trebek taking the long way to the stage , hobbling on crutches up the disabled-access ramp . He placed his crutches to one side and hopped over to the podium , where he told his story with the dry wit "  Jeopardy " fans have come to love . "  I deal with answers and questions , " Trebek told the crowd . "  And today I 'm going to start with the answer to a question I suspect is on many of your minds right now . The answer is ` At 2:30 yesterday morning , chasing a burglar down the hall ... until my Achilles tendon ruptured and I fell in an ignominious heap , bruising my other leg in the process . " Trebek did not address the injury again except to say that he was fine and expected surgery to take place Friday . But when reached for comment , a communications director for the show confirmed the incident . "  It 's true ! " said Phil Zimmerman , a spokesman for "  Jeopardy " at Sony . "  Alex is fine and all the details in this story are true . Alex is n't going to be making any official statement or commenting any further than what he said at the National Geographic World Championship this morning . " But the San Francisco Police Department revealed details of the case and the subsequent arrest in response to inquiries from CNN . The police report does not identify Trebek or his wife , who was also in the room , by name . It does say that movement in the hotel room awoke one of the victims , who gave chase as a suspect left with stolen personal items . The other victim notified hotel security , who were able to detain the suspect . She was identified by both victims as the person in the hotel room . The suspect was arrested by police , and identified as 56-year-old Lucinda Moyers . She has been charged with burglary and receiving stolen property .	The game show host appeared at a Nat Geo event on crutches Trebek says he ruptured his Achilles tendon chasing the burglar Trebek says he is "  fine " and surgery will be Friday A woman was arrested and charged with burglary , receiving stolen property
London , England  CNN  -- Weddings in Nigeria are colorful , creative and extravagant productions , with guest lists of up to 2,000 people considered standard . "  In England , if you had 400 people at a wedding , that would be considered a huge number , " bridalwear and couture designer Yemi Osunkoya said . "  In Nigeria , if you had 400 guests , people would say ` Oh , dear , ' " he continues . "  The more  people  you have there , the more friends it seems you have . " Osunkoya should know . With his wedding gowns highly sought-after by Nigerian brides , he attends about 15 of his clients ' weddings in Nigeria each year , and his London-based label , Kosibah , is at the heart of that country 's booming wedding industry . Last month , it was one of 129 businesses exhibiting at Lagos ' Wed Expo exhibition , which drew 10,000 attendees over two days . "  I would say weddings are one of the fastest growing industries in Nigeria right now , " said the event 's organizer , Akin Eso . "  A lot of people term it that they 're ` going into events ' -- but the money is really in the wedding industry . " The publisher of Wed magazine , a wedding-focused title that launched in Nigeria last year , Eso said the typical Nigerian wedding has evolved in recent years into a high-concept "  production . " Up close with Rwanda 's endangered mountain gorillas "  There 's always been this joy around weddings , but now there 's also this whole creativity : It 's more like a production , and nobody knows where it 's going to stop , " he said . "  People just imagine it and make it happen . " Themes such as a "  snow wedding " would involve decorating the entire hall to match the concept , he said . "  Ten years back , you would normally do all the arrangements for the wedding yourself or with your friend , " he said . "  Now , for every aspect of the wedding there 's a vendor that can help you . " The trend has been driven by the many young Nigerians living overseas , who had introduced ambitious ideas for wedding themes , along with the concept of the wedding planner : a professional event organizer who could realize the happy couple 's vision for their big day , typically at their parents ' expense . Osunkoya said families typically put much effort and expense into the event , as a wedding was an important status symbol -- although "  not in a negative way . " "  It 's showing how well you 've done , and for the bride and groom , this is their time , " he said . "  Most times in Nigeria , the parents take care of the wedding -- and there are many weddings where it 's just a blank check , " he said . "  It s a thing of joy to have your children married , so most of the time , the parents want to go all out . That 's where you see total creativity . " UK-based makeup artist Lola Ibekwe caters specifically to Nigerian weddings and has been hired by brides who fly her , all expenses paid , to Nigeria for their weddings . She said , "  Nigerian brides really know what they want and demand the very best . Some of them have been influenced by the big weddings of Hollywood stars and do n't mind spending big to achieve the perfect look on their big day . Most of the brides I work with reserve a big part of their budget for makeup because the pictures will last a lifetime . " Timbuktu 's treasure at risk from armed uprising There are two parts to a Nigerian wedding , Osunkoya explained . The first ceremony was the "  traditional wedding , " sometimes also referred to as the engagement . This was typically attended by fewer guests -- only family and close friends -- and may be held in area that one of the couple originally hailed from . The couple would wear traditional dress , with the bride usually wearing a traditional fabric gifted to her by her new parents-in-law , sometimes sewn into a modern Afrocentric design . The second , "  white wedding " -- with a guest list at the reception potentially running into the thousands -- could follow days or even months later . For this , the bride would wear a white bridal gown and the bridal party formal attire . The most popular time of year for weddings was in December , when expatriate Nigerians return from abroad and can face a schedule of weddings seven days a week . Another distinctive feature of the Nigerian wedding was the wearing of "  aso-ebi . " The phrase , which translates from the Yoruba language as "  clothes of the family , " refers to the garments of matching fabric worn by the bride 's family and friends at the ceremony . "  You 've got 2,000 people there , so it 's a way of spotting people you 're meant to be with , " said Osunkoya . Although , in recent years , it is not uncommon to see the entire party wearing the aso-ebi . While there are occasional grumbles that the trend for elaborate weddings had gone too far , nobody seems to mind on the day . "  Not everyone is equal or has access to the same amount of wealth , but everyone aspires to it , " Osunkoya said .	Nigeria has a booming wedding industry The trend is driven by the desire for extravagant themed weddings Weddings in Nigeria are huge affairs , sometimes with 2,000 guests
CNN  -- Michael Douglas made news recently by discussing , rather candidly , the possible cause of his throat cancer . Specifically , he told The Guardian that his disease could be caused by oral sex , which could have exposed him to human papillomavirus . Douglas clarified his comments later . But it is inevitable that debate would follow : HPV -- and the vaccine that is meant to prevent infection -- are surprisingly controversial . Human papillomavirus is the main cause of cervical cancer in women . Such cancer still causes the death of 4,000 women each year in the United States . It 's estimated that about 15,000 HPV-associated cancers could be prevented each year by the vaccine . HPV is , unfortunately , often transmitted through sexual activity . It 's the cause of genital warts , and it 's an extremely common sexually transmitted infection . The vaccine is safe . By the summer of 2012 , more than 46 million doses of the vaccine had been given in the United States -- almost all to girls because of early awareness of HPV 's link to cervical cancer -- and adverse events from vaccines are closely monitored . There is n't even any evidence that the vaccine is dangerous if given to pregnant women , but to be on the safe side , it is still not recommended that pregnant women receive it . Some are concerned that giving the vaccine makes girls more likely to have sex . But in 2012 , researchers reported on a group of almost 1,400 girls , 493 of whom had received the vaccine . They followed them for three years after ages 11-12 to see if girls who received the vaccine differed in sexual outcomes from those who did not . There were no differences . Girls who got the vaccine were not more likely to be infected with a sexually transmitted infection , get pregnant or seek contraceptive counseling . As of 2011 , only about a third of girls ages 13 to 17 had been vaccinated against HPV . That was not much more of an improvement over the 32 % who had been covered in 2010 . We need to do a much better job of protecting women from HPV , and cervical cancer associated with HPV . But what about other forms of cancer ? Anal sex can also result in the transmission of sexually transmitted infections such as HPV . Data from the Surveillance , Epidemiology and End Results cancer registry shows that the incidence of rectal cancer has been increasing at a rate of between 2 % and 3 % per year for decades in people younger than 40 without any similar increase in colon cancer . It is widely believed that STIs , like HPV , are partially responsible for this increase . Moreover , there is growing evidence that the recent increase in cancers of the head and neck are also associated with HPV infection . A recent study of more than 1,300 patients with oral cancer found that more than 55 % of them were infected with HPV . It 's a bad virus . It 's for this reason , among others , that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention now recommends boys receive the HPV vaccine as well . It seems to cause all kinds of cancer , not just cancer in women . Of course , we can debate how young kids should be before we vaccinate them . Today in the United States , it 's recommended that we give the vaccine to girls even as young as 11 and 12 . To have effective protection , you need to have all three doses before you might be exposed to HPV . Since you can catch HPV even the first time you have sex -- including oral sex -- we need to give girls the complete series before that happens . Research shows that the average age of first intercourse in the United States is 17 for boys and 17 1/2 for girls . But more than 6 % of kids in the United States have had sex before the age of 13 . I 'm sure almost everyone reading this thinks that age is too young , and I do n't disagree , but those are the facts . It 's important to remember that vaginal intercourse is n't the only type of sex that can result in HPV infection . An additional 7 % of girls and 9 % of boys have engaged in oral sex without having vaginal intercourse . About half of the almost 19 million new sexually transmitted infections diagnosed each year are in teens and young adults ages 15 to 24 . Should older people get the vaccine ? The vaccine is only effective if you 're not yet infected , and because HPV is so prevalent , you really would need to get the vaccine before you have sex . That 's why we focus on the young . Older people have already likely had sex many times and have a high likelihood of already being exposed . I ca n't speak to Douglas ' cancer personally . He 's been quite open about his smoking and drinking , both of which are heavily associated with throat cancer , too . It would be impossible for me to declare that his sexual activity , and his potential infection with HPV , is the true cause of his illness . Nevertheless , his case sheds light on an important issue . HPV is a preventable illness . We know how to get ahead of it -- by immunizing our children against it . To protect them , we need to give the vaccine at an age that is uncomfortable for some , but necessary to prevent initial infection in all kids . In the long run , we 're trying to prevent cancer . Even , perhaps , the cancer that has caused Douglas so much grief . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron E. Carroll .	Aaron Carroll : In interview , Michael Douglas says throat cancer may be linked to oral sex Carroll : Whether or not it was the cause , story points up need for boys also to get HPV vaccine He says a slew of cancers affecting men , women are linked to sexually transmitted HPV Carroll : Kids have sex younger , and vaccine can help protect them from cancer
CNN  -- A radical Islamist group has claimed responsibility for the murder of Swedish journalist Nils Horner . The Fidai Mahaz group said on its website Tuesday that it had "  targeted " the correspondent on the Wasir Akbar Khan 15 Road in Kabul . The brief statement , attributed to the group 's spokesperson Qari Hamza , asserted that the slain man was a spy and "  special worker " of British intelligence agency MI6 . Neither the statement , nor any other part of the group 's website , offered any proof that the splinter group was behind the killing , and officials have cast doubts on the veracity of the claim . "  It is an ongoing investigation , " Sediq Sediqqi , a spokesman for the Afghan interior ministry , told CNN . "  The Afghan police force are working very hard to find out who really was behind this . "  We can not verify any claim by anyone or any group at this stage . " Previous statements posted on the site claim attacks on American and other NATO troops , and on Afghan security forces . The group also said it was responsibility -- under a previous name -- for the assassination of Canadian permanent resident Arsala Jamal , who was the governor of the Afghanistan 's Logar Province . The group 's leader , Mullah Najibullah , also known by his nom de guerre Umar Khatab , is at odds with the Taliban leadership and has openly called them "  traitors . " His faction is opposed to the Taliban 's attempts at detente . Qari Yusuf Ahmadi , a Taliban spokesman , told CNN that he had no idea who the group was , and said that the Taliban had no relationship with it . A dual British and Swedish national , Horner worked as a reporter for Sweden 's Sveriges Radio , mostly covering Asia and the Middle East . The 51-year-old recently moved to Hong Kong and had visited Afghanistan several times previously . He was gunned down in broad daylight on a Kabul street Tuesday . A Lebanese restaurant near the site of the shooting was attacked in January . The brazen killing comes at a time when Afghanistan is preparing for next month 's presidential elections , and ahead of NATO 's planned withdrawal of troops by the end of 2014 . READ MORE : Swedish journalist shot dead in Kabul Masoud Popalzai in Kabul contributed to this report	Fidai Mahaz splinter group claims it was behind the murder of Swedish journalist Nils Horner Many skeptical of the group 's assertion Radical group is at odds with the Taliban -- and even more extremist Killing comes at a delicate time for Kabul and Afghanistan
WESTERPLATTE , Poland  CNN  -- On a sand swept stretch of Afghanistan , a high-ranking Polish general put his country 's mission there into perspective . The repurcussions of World War II lasted decades for Poland . He explained to a NATO delegation that Polish troops remind Afghan locals of two things about the mission : They are not Soviets and they know how difficult it is to live under foreign occupation . It is hard to ignore the incomparable price Poland paid during World War II . It was attacked by Germany , invaded by the Soviets , and became home to the notorious Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz . After six brutal years , Poles were the victors in war but losers in peace , living for four decades under Soviet repression . Many here will tell you they still have not come to terms with their fate after the war . Seven decades after the start of World War II , the conflict still defines Polish identity and history . September 1 , 2009 in Westerplatte , Poland turned out to be a blue sky day even as dignitaries and notably the leaders of Poland , Russia and Germany turned out to remember the dark horrors that so changed their histories . The leaders laid wreaths to honor the ` Defenders of Westerplatte ' , the men who died in the battle that started it all . It was here at this strategic port on the Baltic Sea , Danzig , now Gdansk , that Nazi Germany 's surprise attack on Poland triggered six years of bloodletting , a savage Holocaust and the death of more than 50 million people . The Polish Prime Minister , Donald Tusk , called it a war against humanity itself . Tusk also answered critics who felt his country and the world should now move on from World War II . He warned that if anniversaries are not marked and ceremonies not planned , there may be nothing to shield us from the brutality of future wars . But still today the events of the last 70 years have left their mark and fueled some modern day controversies . Send us your war stories Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin tried to appeal directly to the people of Poland in an open letter . He reminded them that at least 27 million Russians died in the conflict but also warned against equating the Soviet Union 's role in World War II with the menace of Hitler 's Nazism . " . . exploiting memory , anatomizing history and seeking pretexts for mutual complaints and resentment causes a lot of harm . " wrote Putin . He backed that up with public comments saying , "  If we talk about an objective assessment of history , we should understand that it had no one color . It was varied and there were huge number of mistakes committed by many sides . All these actions , in one way or another , created conditions for the beginning of a large-scale aggression by Nazi Germany . " Putin was at the heart of a tug-of-war over the war . Some Poles say Stalin was as evil and complicit as Hitler during the war . Russians say that callously overlooks the sacrifice of Russians in defeating Nazism and liberating Europe . In fact , it took German Chancellor Angela Merkel to put their achievement in perspective . She said that a unified , peaceful Europe was a blessing and indeed a miracle .	Poland helped win the war but lost the peace It was invaded by Germany but put under Soviet influence after the war 70 years from the start of WWII , the war still defines Polish identity and history Polish military says its history helps its work in Afghanistan
Moscow  CNN  -- A friend of mine who grew up in a small Soviet town realized he was gay by age 15 . He did not know the word but he could no longer deny that he was sexually attracted to boys , not girls . He had no idea what it meant and felt rather lost . So , he went to see a kind , elderly doctor and hesitantly asked the question . After a stretch of uncomfortable silence , the doctor said quietly , "  Take a lot of vitamin C and hopefully it 'll get better with time . ... But most importantly , do n't ever mention this to anyone . " Homosexuality was a criminal offense under the Soviets , and the doctor was trying to protect his stammering teenage patient . When my friend told me this story many years later , we had a good laugh , agreeing that though things were n't easy for gay people in Russia , you did not have to stay shut in that closet for life . This was before disgraceful homophobic legislation was adopted in June . The new law bans dissemination among minors of information promoting the "  attractiveness of nontraditional sexual relationships " and providing a "  distorted notion of social equivalence of traditional and nontraditional sexual relationships . " It does not define "  nontraditional " but it is widely understood to mean "  homosexual . " And it basically means that you can not publicly say anything positive about being gay or tell a child that there is nothing wrong with being gay or being raised by gay parents . It seems that the Kremlin underestimated the prominence of the international LGBT rights movement and the damage the law would do to Russia 's image , especially with the Sochi Olympics just months away , the host country being so much in the spotlight . Russia 's failure to honor the Olympic Charter 's requirement of nondiscrimination came under scrutiny as the International Olympic Committee continued to seek assurances that enforcement of the law would not affect the games . Russian officials at the highest level have been trying to smooth over the scandal . President Vladamir Putin himself said in a recent interview that in Russia "  people of nontraditional sexual orientation are not discriminated against " and that they are valued and equal citizens of the Russian Federation . Putin even noted that he was open to a discussion with LGBT organizations . That 's welcome , but is he to be trusted ? As is often the case here , it 's one step forward and two steps backward . So far no meeting with LGBT activists has been convened and there have been no efforts to have the heinous law repealed . Worse , several legislators have just introduced a bill to deny parental rights to one or both parents of "  nontraditional sexual orientation . " The main author of the bill and a member of the ruling party 's faction in the State Duma , Alexei Zhuravlev , explained that the bill aims to "  protect " children from psychological trauma and pertains to those parents who "  do not conceal their same-sex sexual relationships . " The message sent to LGBT people is clear : If you do n't want your kids taken away from you you 'd better keep your mouth shut . And it is particularly ironic that just days later in his much discussed New York Times op-ed on Syria , Vladimir Putin urged the Americans not to forget that "  God created us all equal . " People in Russia would 've laughed if only things were n't getting bad enough to cry . When questioned about the discriminatory legislation , Russian officials often chide critics for exaggerating -- this is not the Soviet Union , and gay people live in Russia freely . Indeed , you will not be thrown behind bars for being gay . But the advice given to my friend by that doctor some 40 years ago has become very relevant once again : " ... do n't you ever mention this to anyone ! " In other words , if you want to have a life , do n't you dare poke your nose out of that closet . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tanya Lokshina .	Tanya Lokshina 's friend told of being gay youth in Soviet town . Doctor told him to keep it quiet But she says in modern Russia being gay did not mean being closeted until new law passed Law bans promoting gay relationships ; this flouts charter of Olympics , she says Lokshina : Putin denies discrimination , but message to LGBT people is clear
CNN  -- "  When you want to know how things really work , study them when they 're coming apart . " That bit of wisdom from Hubertus Bigend , the brilliant Belgian billionaire at the center of sci-fi author , William Gibson 's latest novel , "  Zero History . " Bigend  pronounced Bayh-jhan  is the morally ambiguous mastermind behind a global marketing operation , the Google of trend forecasting . He 's a "  cool hunter , " reminiscent of Charles Foster Kane with an Andy Warhol eye for spotting emerging underground trends . Also returning is Hollis Henry , a semi-famous former singer from a 90s indie band , she 's been hired by Bigend to uncover the identity of the designer behind the mysterious clothing brand , The Gabriel Hounds . "  Zero History " is the final chapter in a trilogy that Gibson began with "  Pattern Recognition " in 2003 and continued in 2007 's "  Spook Country . " The London-based caper also involves paramilitary contractors , computer hackers , base-jumping spies , black market jeans dealers and something called the Festo AirPenguin . It 's a long way from Gibson 's 1984 award-winning debut novel , "  Neuromancer , " a classic which helped launch the "  cyberpunk " genre . He 's been called a sci-fi prophet , and is credited with coining the term , "  cyberspace " when the Internet was still largely unknown . Mystical P.I. in ` City of the Dead ' More recently , Gibson is n't writing so much science fiction but what he calls , "  speculative fiction of the very recent past . " Instead of an imagined future , in "  Zero History " Gibson examines the present-day impact of new technologies , the current tension between the cutting edge and the mainstream and how all of it is branded , marketed and manipulated for profit . CNN recently spoke with the author ; the following is an edited transcript . CNN : "  Zero History " seems like it could take place in the very near future or an amplified present . Does the rapid pace at which the world is changing make your job more difficult or just more interesting ? Gibson : Actually , it takes place in the year before it was published . Literally in the year in which it was written . A speculative novel of the very recent past . Historically , it will be seen as having taken place before the Murdochalypse/Hackgate era . So Bigend 's warning to Hollis , to assume all phones in the UK are tapped , will have a little sheen of prescience . But I 'm not really shooting for prescience . I 'm trying to realistically describe the inherently fantastic world we live in . CNN : You 've written about 21st-century inventions like the Internet , reality TV and guerilla marketing before they became part of everyday life . What new developments or technology trends do you find interesting right now ? Gibson : All of those things existed before I wrote about them ; they just were n't that big a part of life yet . With reality TV , "  Cops " was running when I wrote "  Virtual Light , " and I knew about but had n't seen the UK 's "  Big Brother , " likewise the Japanese show that had inspired "  Big Brother . " So I was working with something real , but something that struck me as inherently surreal , and trying to imagine it having extremely powerful pop culture legs . Which fortunately it turned out to have . My current stock of things like that is always quite small , so I try not to give them away ! CNN : Hubertus Bigend is one of your most memorable characters . For new readers , give us a little background on who he is and what role he plays in "  Zero History . " Gibson : Bigend is the founding genius behind Blue Ant , a global PR/ad firm . I originally assumed he was just a standard walk-on evil figurehead , but the other characters started falling into a weird kind of love-hate with him , and I suppose I did , too . I do n't always believe his explanation of our world , and I doubt he does either , but he 's definitely been a delight to work with . Fantasy fans ready to ` Dance with Dragons ' CNN : You 're a frequent user of Twitter , how does it or other social media influence you as a writer or as a culture consumer ? Gibson : I only know Twitter . The others seem too socially engineered . Too mall-like . I see Twitter as a virtual extension of "  the street . " You can run into anybody . And it makes breaking news more fun . Hugely more fun . CNN : Anything you 're reading , watching or listening to you 'd care to recommend ? Gibson : I 've already entered my pre-book stage , in which I quit reading fiction . If I could magically see anything I want , today , it would be "  Juan of the Dead , " Cuba 's first feature horror film . Zombie plague in Havana , deadpan Cuban comedy . Google the trailer . I recently saw Terry Gilliam 's brilliant staging of Berlioz 's "  The Damnation of Faust , " in London . I imagine that was my cultural high point for the year . CNN : What 's next for you ? Gibson : I 'm edging into a new book , not a Bigend one , and my collected nonfiction , "  Distrust That Particular Flavor " should be out fairly soon . Out of this world heist leads to ` Sex on the Moon ' William Gibson is the award-winning author of nine previous best-selling novels . His latest "  Zero History " comes out in paperback on Tuesday .	"  Zero History " is the final installment in a trilogy about billionaire Hubertus Bigend Sci-fi author William Gibson is credited with coining the term "  cyberspace " The author wrote about Internet , reality TV and guerilla marketing before they became popular Gibson : "  I see Twitter as a virtual extension of ` the street . ' You can run into anybody . "
CNN  -- Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick is expected to plead guilty to federal conspiracy charges involving an illegal dogfighting operation , according to one of his attorneys . Leah Perry , who sent this photo of son Bobby and dog Rosie , thinks Vick should not be allowed back on the field . The plea deal may include prison time , but the NFL has not yet decided what football sanctions , if any , it should impose on Vick , a spokesman said . We asked CNN.com readers whether they thought Vick would -- or should -- play professional football again as well as their opinions on the case . Below is a selection of those responses , some of which have been edited for length and clarity . Stephanie King of Arlington , Washington Michael Vick is a disgrace . For anyone thinking he should be let off easy for admitting his guilt -- think again . The only reason he did that was because he knew the evidence against him was so great . Remember only shortly ago he was stating vehemently that he "  only owned " the property and had no idea what was going on there . It was n't until the eyewitness accounts were brought to light that he "  apologized . " One can not be "  sorry " for torturing and killing animals . As you know it 's been proven that those with the ability to do so also have a stronger chance of being abusive to humans . How can we allow someone like that to be a role model for children ? If we do we 're degrading our society and shame on us . Patricia Reese of Paola , Kansas Yes , I think Mr. Vick should be allowed to play football again . He is a talented individual and it would be a shame to waste that talent . I also believe he should be able to rebuild his life . However , as part of his restitution to society , I believe he should contribute at least 40 % of his salary for what could have potentially been his maximum jail sentence to the Humane Society to help abused and abandoned animals . Debbie Clayton of Greensboro , North Carolina He should never be allowed to play -LSB- in the -RSB- NFL or earn a dime associated with the NFL . He should be made to work so many hours per week , every week , at minimum wage at an Animal Shelter . Jeff Wise of Atlanta , Georgia Why not give him a chance to play again ? Seriously how many chances has the NFL given to Ricky Williams ? Smoking pot is against the law , but he 's been given a number of chances , and STILL is n't banned from the NFL ! Jeremy Montgomery of Mount Laurel , New Jersey I think that Vick should not be allowed to step on the field again and any endorsement deals revoked . What he did was reprehensible . He is in a spotlight where he should be held at a higher standard for a role model . Josh Hebert of Loganville , Georgia He should take whatever punishment our government gives him , but when he has done his time  if he does do time  he should be able to continue playing football . The charges against him are not football related in any way . Angela Ziegler of Cleveland , Ohio The NFL needs to "  step up to the plate " and be the man that Michael Vick is not . Allowing him in their league gives a signal that animal abuse is OK with them . Remember Jeffrey Dahmer started as an animal abuser ! Want him as your role model or a spokesman ? Kelly Koch of Holland , Michigan The NFL and all sponsors should refrain from any future contact with Michael Vick . I , for one , will boycott those with future dealings with him . John Robinson of Redmond , Washington Pro athletes are constantly getting in trouble with the law . Unless we make a policy that all players who are convicted of a felony are banned from the league , then Vick should be allowed to play after a suspension . Randy Jonson of Stamford , Connecticut Until I know the depth of the gambling angle it 's hard to be certain . Dog fighting is brutal but if it 's only dog fighting/killing , he should get whatever the feds give him and be able to return to football once his debt is paid . Bill Saray of Derby , Connecticut Vick should never play again . He was n't the best QB to begin with . Anyone with such a blatant disregard for life -- animal or human -- is not worthy of the position in life he was given . Playing in the NFL is not a right . As such , the league should ban him permanently , while society should shun him publicly . If only scarlet letters were still around . Todd Morrison of Howell , Michigan Mr. Vick should be judged of his crime . Not by his fame , nor his race . He should be prosecuted as a person . I believe Mr. Vick 's NFL playing days should be determined by the NFL commissioner with consideration of the NFL 's personal conduct policy . This is how everyone should be treated in America . Everyone is equal regardless of popularity , fame , and race . Lance G. of Dearborn Heights , Michigan First off , I am an African-American ... this is NOT a race issue . I wish the ignorant people here in the U.S. would get off that tip . This is not an issue to raise the "  race " card . Even his so-called homies  who were all black  turned on him . Vick ... committed a felony and now he has to pay for it . He should have chosen a better hobby in life than dog fighting . As for playing football ... he should be banned from the league for at least 2 to 3 years , including his jail time . Leah Perry of Chelmsford , Massachusetts I do n't think Vick should be allowed to play football , nor should he get off easy . After he serves his sentence , I think he should work at the MSPCA -LSB- to -RSB- make him see what cruelty to animals really looks like in all aspects . Steven Todd of Fort Wayne , Indiana I think Michael Vick will play football again , though at what level is anybody 's guess . I do not think he should be banned for life . He may have gambled , but not on the game as Pete Rose did . A suspension is in order and I think a year would be fair , but a prison term and suspension would put him out of football for up to three years , and who knows what kind of QB he will be after this ordeal and so long an absence ? Jennifer Runyan of Fayetteville , North Carolina I think the whole Michael Vick case is disgusting . The NFL needs to ban him permanently . He should n't be able to use the obscene amount of money he makes to torture innocent animals . Kids looked up to him and how many of them will think that abuse is OK now ? I do n't think he deserves to play ever again . I applaud the people sending Michael Vick jerseys into the Atlanta Humane Society to use cleaning the kennels , now that 's appropriate ! Watch what a dog thinks of his Vick jersey Debbie Connor of Whitesville , Kentucky No , he should not be granted the right to play pro football again ! He was given the "  Golden " key to a life of fame and riches and he blew it away . He should be working for the road department , picking up "  Road Kill " off the streets ! Julio Hernandez of Kalamazoo , Michigan He needs to be banned from the NFL forever . These "  men " are role models for the youth of this country . What kind of message would we be sending to them if we were to let him play in the NFL again ? Not a good one , I can tell you that much . He 's through . And if he 's not , I certainly wo n't be watching any Falcons games , or for that matter any team he may eventually play for . Nichelle Williams of Woodbridge , Virginia If Imus is going to return back to the air ... then Vick should return to the field . You violate some people or beings ; you apologize , let the air clear and go on with business as usual ! John Brandon of Old Hickory , Tennessee To make a long story short -- my family will never watch a game with Michael Vick in attendance . E-mail to a friend	Michael Vick to take plea deal on dogfighting charges NFL expected to announce how the case will affect his career CNN.com readers shared their thoughts on Vick 's future , send your I-Report
CNN  -- The world 's best female golfer , Lorena Ochoa of Mexico , has exclusively revealed to CNN that a meeting with Tiger Woods in her youth inspired her to become the player she is today . Tiger Woods and Lorena Ochoa pose at the Golf Writer 's Association of America Awards in 2007 . The pair first met at Tory Pines when both competing in the Junior World Championships , an event that Woods won a record six times and Ochoa has won five . The two then met again 15 years later at the Golf Writer 's Association of America Awards where both were named players of the year . Ochoa , 27 , told CNN 's Living Golf program the meeting had a big impact on her : "  You do n't realize the importance of things until you 're older and look back . I 'm just glad it worked out the way it did for us . "  He was boy and I was a girl , we were both young and we did n't know what we were doing . I did n't see him for another 15 years , but I reminded him and showed him the pictures and he was like "  wow " . " Ochoa , who started playing golf aged just five-years-old , has now won 26 LPGA Tour titles but said despite the success it has been harder to sustain her number one spot than it was to attain it . "  It 's harder to stay number one than getting there - if you get distracted or stop practicing you can very easily lose your position . Ochoa overtook Annika Srenstam to become the world number one ranked golfer in 2007 and since has won two majors , including the Women 's British Open and the Kraft Nabisco Championship . The Mexican also picked up the Honda LPGA Thailand recently but says her drive to win more remains the same : "  My life has changed a lot . I 've been preparing myself to get to that position so it did n't take me by surprise . It took me five years from turning professional to becoming the number on in the world . It 's not easy but it 's been a lot of fun and I want to stay here . " The next major championship for Ochoa to set her sights on will be the McDonald 's LPGA Championship on June 11-14 .	Lorena Ochoa and Tiger Woods first met at the Junior World Championships Ochoa has won 26 LPGA titles since turning professional The Mexican started playing the game aged five
Ajdabiya , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces battled rebels for the cities of Misrata and Ajdabiya on Wednesday , according to witnesses and CNN staff on the ground . In Ajdabiya , airstrikes , heavy bombardment and fighting between the rebels and pro-Gadhafi forces began after the rebels were able to take control of some positions in the eastern Libyan city overnight . Thousands of government forces eventually gathered outside Ajdabiya with dozens of heavy artillery pieces , radar control weapons systems and about a dozen tanks , CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from just outside the city . AK-47s and Katyusha rockets were among the weapons carried by government soldiers , who appeared jubilant and confident about a possible upcoming battle for the rebel stronghold of Benghazi . The troops were carried in white pickups , many of which were covered in dirt for camouflage purposes . Witnesses said pro-Gadhafi snipers were positioned in various parts of the city . Ajdabiya is the last major point between pro-government forces and Benghazi . If it is retaken by pro-Gadhafi forces , it would give access to roads leading to the heart of the opposition 's base . In Misrata , west of Ajdabiya , Gadhafi "  is bombing his way into the city , " witness Mohamed Ali said . "  He does n't care if all the people  there  are dead by the end of the day . " Ali accused Gadhafi of launching a "  cowardly , murderous attack . " "  People are not safe . It 's amazing that this is happening , " Ali said , adding that two people have been killed and 15 injured , one "  very critically . " He said Gadhafi 's forces had not yet been able to get into the city . Ali described described himself as a 46-year-old IT engineer and a member of the local opposition council . He called himself a rebel fighter but said he had no weapons . The rebels are fighting with whatever arms they can capture from government troops , he said , such as Kalashnikov rifles . "  The best we have " is rocket-propelled grenade launchers , he said . CNN journalists in Libya were not able to reach Misrata to confirm Ali 's account . But a second witness also said the city came under sustained attack by forces loyal to Gadhafi on Wednesday . The tank and artillery fire went on for at least two hours , he said . "  We hear very , very , very loud explosions , " said the witness , who did not want to be named . "  They have cut off electricity and water . " Meanwhile , four New York Times journalists covering the conflict were reported missing by the newspaper Wednesday . Editors said they had received second-hand information that some of the reporting team "  had been swept up by Libyan government forces " in Ajdabiya . Government forces said they had no information about the missing journalists and said that if they were picked up by the Libyan military , they would have been taken back to Tripoli . Gadhafi 's battles to recapture a number of rebel-held towns and cities come on the day the United Nations Security Council considered imposing a no-fly zone over Libya . Wednesday ended with no agreement on a draft resolution , but several diplomats expressed optimism that a vote would come soon . The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations said late Wednesday that envoys were considering a variety of options to protect civilians in Libya , not just a no-fly zone or a cease fire . Susan Rice said a "  range of actions " were up for serious discussion , including but not limited to a no-fly zone , which has "  inherent limitations in terms of protection of civilians . " A diplomatic source told CNN that air strikes are among options being discussed as diplomats focus on what should be in a U.N. Security Council resolution . The international community is keenly aware of the urgency and gravity of the situation on ground , Rice continued . She said she hopes to see a serious resolution as early as Thursday . The French Ambassador had earlier confirmed that text for a new draft resolution on Libya had been submitted to diplomats . He also told reporters that he expected a vote on the resolution within 24 hours . Lebanon 's U.N. ambassador , Nawaf Salam , said Arab countries are committed to participating in a no-fly zone . That has been an apparent prerequisite for U.S. support of such a zone . The Lebanese diplomat would n't detail the level of potential Arab participation but said it would be "  significant " and said it has "  been confirmed by the highest political authorities . " The French foreign minister said on his blog Wednesday that several Arab countries would be willing to participate in a targeted attack on Gadhafi 's air assets . The minister , Alain Juppe , did not specify which countries or how they would participate . Without implementation of a no-fly zone , rebels fear that it is only a matter of time before there is a bloodbath in Benghazi . Libya 's deputy ambassador to the U.N. expressed this fear Wednesday . Gadhafi "  has given instructions for ethnic cleansing , " Ibrahim Dabbashi said , adding that the Libyan leader would commit genocide against rebels if he was not stopped by the international community . Dabbashi said he expects the Security Council to produce a draft resolution soon . "  International consensus is in the process of building , " Dabbashi said in the Security Council 's briefing room . Dabbashi made headlines in February when he joined with Libyan Ambassador to the U.N. Mohamed Shalgham to condemn Gadhafi and request that he step down as Libya 's leader . Libya 's government has subsequently requested that Dabbashi and Shalgham be denied the right to speak for Libya at the United Nations . Women marched in Benghazi on Wednesday , carrying banners reading , "  how many Libyans must die to get the Security Council to move on . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters Wednesday that opinions in a number of countries initially opposed to the imposition of a no-fly zone shifted after the Arab League announced its support for such a step . "  Intense negotiations " are underway at the Security Council , she said . "  We are moving as rapidly as we can to get additional authorization . " A council diplomat said Washington was engaged in negotiations on the text . Germany 's U.N. ambassador said his country has still questions about such a zone . India 's U.N. ambassador asked , "  Who will implement the no-fly zone ? Who would provide assets for it ? " China 's U.N. ambassador said his country is concerned about deteriorating conditions in Libya but did n't say whether Beijing backs a no-fly measure . Ali , the opposition leader in Misrata , urged China and Russia to "  look in the mirror " and understand that "  they are hindering the international effort to put this war criminal in his place . " While the Arab League recommendation of a no-fly zone carried some weight with reluctant council nations , another declaration from the league that there should be "  no foreign intervention " has perplexed delegates . En route to Washington after a weekend trip to Bahrain , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Monday that the logistical challenges of enforcing a no-fly zone over Libya could be overcome . "  If we are directed to impose a no-fly zone , we have the resources to do it , " he said . "  The question is whether it 's a wise thing to do . And that 's the discussion that 's going at a political level . " CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout , Arwa Damon , Nic Robertson , Tommy Evans , Elise Labott , Alan Silverleib , Raja Razek , Richard Roth , Joe Vaccarello , Eleonora Corsini , Yousuf Basil and Reza Sayah , and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Ambassador Rice : We are seriously considering a range of options Gadhafi may commit genocide , Libyan U.N. envoy says Four New York Times journalists are reported missing in Libya Fighting rages in Ajdabiya , the last rebel town between Gadhafi and rebel stronghold
CNN  -- The entire first floor had a rust-colored ring 3 feet high where Sandy had left its mark . The damaged furniture had already been tossed , and all that was left was a concrete floor and bare walls . Our AmeriCares "  Operation Muck-Out " team immediately got to work , ripping out the interior walls and removing the insulation until only wooden beams were standing . As the drywall crumbled in our hands , we shoveled it into trash bags in a cloud of white dust , and hauled it off to the curb . I spent most of the day dismantling the kitchen , ripping out cabinets and countertops with a crowbar . Everything was almost new -- installed only six years ago -- but had to go , because it had been soaked by Sandy . The homeowner 's 84-year-old father helped me carry out the heavier appliances . Nearly two weeks after the storm , the gas stove was still dripping wet as we lugged it to the curb . By the time we finished , the entire contents of the first floor were sitting in the street waiting to be hauled away by the heavy equipment making its way through the Rockaways section of Queens , New York . Through it all , the owner , Nick , stayed remarkably composed as complete strangers took apart his home . When we asked how he was able to able to hold it together under such trying circumstances , he shrugged off the question . The worst was over , he said ; everything he owned had already been discarded . He was channeling all of the energy he had left into the cleanup and rebuilding . Jersey Shore community gives thanks even after Sandy Just a few blocks away , Stan -- who had never had so much as a drop of water in his basement in 40 years , until Sandy -- had just finished cleaning up flood damage with the help of another team of volunteers . He showed us how the water had risen almost to the top of the basement stairs , about 9 feet high . This Thanksgiving , my thoughts turn to Nick , Stan and the thousands of other storm victims in New York and New Jersey who are homeless this holiday season . Many are living with family members or in shelters and , if they are lucky , will be able to move back after New Year 's . They remind me how thankful I am to be part of an organization that 's making a difference for East Coast residents still dealing with power outages and putting their homes back together . The cleanup we joined in the Rockaways is just one of dozens of AmeriCares Hurricane Sandy relief projects . Every day since the storm , our relief workers have been out in the field offering help to first responders , health care providers and shelter officials . AmeriCares also has a mobile clinic traveling the streets of New York City , providing portable exam rooms for health clinics unable to treat patients due to damaged facilities . Staying afloat after Sandy In Staten Island , where some residents have been without power for weeks , our relief workers are going door to door delivering sleeping bags to families without heat . And in Long Island , where thousands of people have been temporarily displaced , we delivered medical aid to a shelter housing hundreds of families . When our relief workers arrived , shelter officials were grappling with how to care for a large population with chronic illness . About one-third of the shelter dwellers are diabetics and the shelter had no way to safely store insulin , so we bought them a refrigerator . We also delivered wheelchairs , medical cots and 1,400 pounds of medical aid -- everything from cough and cold medicines to first aid supplies . AmeriCares has been responding to disasters all over the world for 30 years , and helping people in crisis is what we do best . But this disaster is personal for many of us because it happened in our own backyard . We are committed to see the storm victims through the recovery , just as we did in New Orleans and Mississippi after Hurricane Katrina . Not everyone can be a relief worker on the front lines of an emergency , but we can all make a difference by supporting organizations like AmeriCares that assist the survivors . For more on how you can help the victims of Superstorm Sandy go to CNN.com / impact .	AmeriCares volunteer works with Sandy victims trying to rebuild their homes and lives Volunteers spent most of the day dismantling the kitchen , first floor of a home The homeowner told volunteers he was channeling his energy into cleanup and rebuilding
CNN  In Australia , fishermen call them "  thumb splitters " because of the painful blow they can inflict . In Hong Kong , they 're so dangerous , that seafood restaurants store them live inside empty plastic water bottles so they can be handled . The mantis shrimp -- a sea crustacean that resembles a praying mantis -- has a set of claws that accelerate so fast when it strikes that they create air bubbles which , when they explosively collapse , also serve to stun the mantis 's prey . Supersonic potential The effect is known in physics as supercavitation and marine engineers are taking their cue from the humble mantis shrimp to create objects that , theoretically , at least , could one day travel underwater at supersonic speeds . The principle works on the fact that when an object traveling through the water is encased in bubbles , there is little to no friction or drag . Already the Russians have used supercavitation in the design of their torpedoes ; the VA-111 Shkval torpedo flies through the water encased in a bubble , achieving speeds in excess of 200 knots  230 mph  . For Gregory Sancoff of Juliet Marine Systems , a company that has built a fully functioning supercavitating vessel , the same principles that allow seals and penguins to shoot through the water encased in a blanket of bubbles could be used in military and civilian applications . Eliminating friction "  Water offers 900 times more friction than air does , " Sancoff said . In the same way that pushing your hand through swimming pool water creates bubbles by creating a high pressure area in front of it and low pressure area behind , supercavitating devices such as the Shkval torpedo work by pushing a dinner plate-sized disk at its nose through the water at high speed . This plate is then gimbaled -- that is , it pivots on an axis -- giving the device some directional control . However , Sancoff said steering in this way is still an inexact science . "  The control of pushing something through the water with a blunt face is so difficult that it 's impossible to keep that object on target , " he said . Some part of the device , he explained , needs to be in contact with dense water to give it stability and the ability to steer . Regaining control His supercavitating vessel "  Ghost " works by putting propellers at the front rather than the rear of the boat , effectively dragging it through the water . The 38-foot main hull travels above the water much like a hydrofoil , but the business end of the boat is contained in the 62-foot long tubes attached to the end of the struts . Equipped with gas turbine engines , the boat uses a Venturi system to funnel the expelled thrust of the propellers into the tubes to create an air bubble around the engines . "  We 're actually flying through this incredibly dense foam , which is mostly air , which gives us much higher speeds , " he said . "  It 's sometimes known as microbubble supercavitation . " Decades of research The concept is not new and scientists have been working on various designs for decades . "  Supercavitation technology goes way back with some significant research carried out in the 1950s , " said Roger Arndt , Professor Emeritus of Civil Engineering at the University of Minnesota . "  When a hydrofoil exceeds a certain speed , cavitation ca n't be avoided and must be accommodated by a change in hydrofoil shape to allow operation in the supercavitation mode . "  The preliminary design of an 80-knot ship at Lockheed in 1963/64 , utilized supercavitating hydrofoils as well as waterjet propulsion , " said Arndt , who worked on the design team . Sancoff , meanwhile , has spent $ 15 million building the military-style vessel  which he has described as a kind of "  attack helicopter of the sea "  with the aim of securing U.S. Navy contracts . Civilian applications Civilian interest is also growing in supercavitating vessels , not least because the boats -- which are effectively a type of submarine that bores a foam tunnel through the water -- give such a smooth ride . "  We just came back from a surface Navy show and we had serious inquiries from people who build ferries about building a high-speed ferry between Florida and Cuba now that Cuba is going to be open to the U.S. again , " Sancoff said . "  If you cross the Gulf Stream between Florida and Cuba , you are in 15-foot seas ... Not only does Ghost supercavitate , but the way the boat 's designed completely isolates all the wave motion from affecting the inside of the cockpit of the boat . "  You can be in 10-foot seas and not even feel it . " While Ghost can achieve speeds in excess of 50 knots  57mph  , Sancoff said its stability is likely to be its biggest selling point . "  We 're actually marketing it as a stabilized weapons platform for that one reason -- it 's the only small vessel you can shoot precision weapons from , " he said . Shipping cargo and warriors Inquiries have also been coming in from commercial shipping companies -- an industry that loses thousands of shipping containers a year to bad weather -- about adapting the technology to create highly stable cargo ships . Offshore oil platforms , too , have been interested in a technology that can deliver oil crews quickly , safely and without seasickness . Despite this , Sancoff says the first interest for Juliet Marine is to create a military vessel that is fast enough to protect a fleet from swarm attacks and stable enough to deliver troops safely in rough seas . "  If you want to deliver those 16 Navy SEALs or Royal Marines to that beach in rough water and you want them to get out of that boat almost boot-dry , we have that platform . "  We can get the warrior to where he needs to go , fit to fight and not beaten up from the 20G impact that some of these guys are getting in high-speed boats . "  High-speed boats are really beating the heck out of these guys . "	Supercavitation is the ability to travel underwater encased in a bubble of air A U.S. boat builder has designed a supercavitating vessel it aims to sell to the navy The vessel travels on bubble-producing tubes and can reach speeds of 50 knots
Zawiya , Libya  CNN  -- Rebel fighters in Libya , trying to take over a key western city , faced stiff resistance from Moammar Gadhafi 's forces on Wednesday , a rebel commander said . The fighters hope to seize Zawiya , about 30 miles west of the capital , in an effort to advance on the capital of Tripoli in their fight to topple the Gadhafi regime that has controlled the North African country for decades . "  Most of Zawiya is now in rebel hands , but there are snipers and shelling coming from the east of the city , " rebel commander Col. Radwan Fheid said . "  The snipers are near Zawiya hospital . People are leaving . They ca n't stay because of the shelling . These are the last days , God willing . " Rebels are setting up checkpoints and field hospitals to treat the wounded , many of whom have been shot or struck by shrapnel . At a hospital in nearby Yefren , doctors said they had treated more than 200 patients over the past four days -- some of them rebel soldiers from any of several front lines , some of them civilians . Among the latter was a 9-year-old girl who was in her house when it was hit by a missile , sending shrapnel into her , a doctor said . "  Unfortunately , there is more than 90 % chance that she may lose her right arm here , " he said . Medical staff said they were donating their own blood to keep their patients alive . One man , both legs wrapped in bandages , cried out in pain . Doctors said there were not enough staff members to properly take care of the patient load . Zawiya is west of Tripoli on a strategic supply route . Rebel control of Zawiya would represent a major advance toward putting a stranglehold on the Gadhafi-controlled seat of power . Col. Ahmed Banni , military spokesman for the opposition National Transitional Council , said Tuesday that rebels hope to enter the capital by the end of the month . The Obama administration has agreed to a NATO request for two additional Predator drones to conduct operations over Libya , a U.S. defense official said Wednesday , a day after the drones began flying . The United States has earmarked up to six drones for the Libya operation in recent months , although until generally only two drones have flown at any one time ; some have been armed with missiles . In Washington , the Libyan Embassy was officially re-opened Wednesday by its ambassador amid a crowd of proud Libyan Americans waving flags and singing Libyan songs . "  This embassy will serve as a symbol of the new Libya here in the U.S. , " Ambassador Ali Aujali said outside the Watergate building in Washington where the embassy is located . "  We will work tirelessly not only to serve the needs of the Libyans studying , living and traveling in this country , but also to thank the United States government on behalf of the Libyan people everywhere for its continuing support for transition to a free and democratic nation . " The mission now represents the Transitional National Council  TNC  , the rebel movement based in Benghazi , that the United States recognized as the rightful government of Libya on July 15 . The embassy was closed in March after the State Department expelled all diplomats loyal to Gadhafi . Aujali , who previously represented the Gadhafi regime in Washington , resigned his post in February , and has since represented the TNC in Washington . He was formally accredited as head of the Libyan mission last week . On Tuesday , Col. Roland Lavoie , a spokesman for NATO 's military operation , said that "  anti-Gadhafi forces are now assuming control of the key approaches to Tripoli . " He described the advances as "  the most significant anti-Gadhafi territorial gain we have seen in months . " Since the end of July , as the threat from pro-Gadhafi forces has diminished , thousands of people have returned to their homes in the western Nafusa mountains , he said . Since Friday , the northwest coastal city of Misrata has been free of pro-Gadhafi forces , he said . And the threat from nearby Zlitan has diminished as pro-Gadhafi forces are being pushed farther west , he added . Lavoie said rebels had occupied Surman and Sabratha west of Tripoli but added that the regions were "  still contested . " However , Libyan state television reported that pro-Gadhafi forces and tribal fighters were "  cleansing the city of Sabratha from the gangs of traitors " and had secured the coastal road , a key supply pipeline into Tripoli . Though the center of Zawiya was under rebel control , "  there 's still reports of fighting also in the suburbs , " Lavoie said . A spokesman for the Gadhafi government offered a different view on Tuesday . "  We are doing very well , " Ibrahim Musa said . "  It 's true that it 's a bit slow ; people are still saying that we 're not acting immediately and that we 're having problems in Surman and Sabratha and whatnot because of armed gangs . That 's true , but , God willing , we are able to lead this battle successfully . We will achieve peace and victory . " He added , "  We are fighting NATO , not the tens or hundreds of armed gang members . Our war is with the crusaders . " CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this story .	In hospital in Yefren , a 9-year-old girl may lose her arm White House OKs two more drones for Libya Most of Zawiya is in "  rebel hands , " commander says Snipers , shelling are in the east of the city
CNN Student News  -- March 22 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Fargo , North Dakota and Moorhead , Minnesota  Iceland  Nigeria Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It 's our first show of spring ! And one of the rites of the new season : 10 minutes of commercial-free headlines . Here to take you through it , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Health Care AZUZ : First up , the question that dominated the weekend in Washington : Who has the votes on President Obama 's health care reform bill ? 216 was the magic number in the U.S. House of Representatives . That means Democrats who supported the bill needed to get at least 216 votes for it to pass . Republicans and Democrats who opposed the bill needed at least 216 votes against it to stop it from becoming law . That vote was expected to happen last night . But when we recorded today 's show , it had n't happened yet . You can get the latest details at CNNStudentNews.com . And , of course , we 'll have a lot more on this for you tomorrow . Let 's back up and talk about what was happening leading up to yesterday 's scheduled vote . Democrats were rallying to try to wrap up those 216 votes . Some were guaranteeing the bill would go through , calling it a historic day . But Republicans , who have been opposed to the bill , promised to keep fighting to try and stop it from becoming law . One Republican said if the bill did pass , they would try to repeal it . Tension was high outside the Capitol building over the weekend , too . As you can see in these pictures , protesters rallied to speak out against the bill . The House of Representatives was actually voting on two things yesterday . The first was the health care reform bill that the Senate already passed . If the House approved that , it would go straight to President Obama for his signature ; it would become law . The second thing the House was voting on was a set of changes to the Senate bill . And if that was approved , it would still have to get through the Senate before it could become law . Again , for the latest on all of this : CNNStudentNews.com . Tuesday 's show will have details as well . Word to the Wise AMANDA MOYER , CNN STUDENT NEWS : A Word to the Wise ... crest  verb  As a verb , crest means to reach the highest point or level source : www.dictionary.com Midwest Flooding AZUZ : People in North Dakota and Minnesota are keeping a close eye on the Red River . Forecasters said that it crested yesterday at around 37 feet . That 's nearly 20 feet higher than flood stage . Around Fargo , North Dakota , 700,000 sandbags are guarding the city against the river 's waters . In fact , more than a million sandbags were stacked between Fargo and Moorhead , Minnesota . Those sandbags can be removed once the river goes back below 30 feet , but the National Weather Service says that probably wo n't happen until next Sunday . The governor of Minnesota , Tim Pawlenty , says that planning for a possible flood might have helped keep the Red River at bay . GOV. TIM PAWLENTY ,  R  MINNESOTA : We 're very confident in the flood fight . Again , there will be damage , there will be some flooding . But we believe it 'll be a manageable event , in large part , because of the incredible preparation , skill and leadership of Minnesotans all across this state who rallied to fight this flood and put maximum preparations in place to have an effective flood fight this year . AZUZ : Now , Chris Welch shows us how scientists try to plan for these flood situations . Check it out . BEGIN VIDEO CHRIS WELCH , CNN ALL-PLATFORM JOURNALIST , MINNEAPOLIS , MINNESOTA : This is Chris Laveau , and his job is critical . As a hydrologist with the U.S. Geological Survey , he helps determine how high the river will go . CHRIS LAVEAU , USGS HYDROLOGIST : This instrument , we put it in the water and it actually sends a sound pulse down into the river , and it returns information on the speed of the particles and actually the depth . WELCH : The data they collect here actually goes straight to the National Weather Service and plays a big part in forecast development . The crest prediction was lowered a half foot Friday and again Saturday , thanks in part to the findings of the USGS . LAVEAU : The channel was moving water through a little bit more efficiently than we thought . WELCH : The technology they use is new within the last decade . What used to take half a day can now be done in an hour . They send their findings here , to the river forecast center near the Twin Cities . SCOTT DUMMER , CHIEF HYDROLOGIST , USGS : We 're the technical experts and the modelers . We come up with a technical forecast . WELCH : Less ice on the river and less precipitation were factors in the lower crest outlook , plus the colder weather back in Fargo translates to less snow melt . But lower temps do n't make Laveau 's job any easier . LAVEAU : The equipment does n't want to work as well . We do n't want to work as well . But we get out here and we get the job done because it 's important . WELCH : Chris Welch , CNN , on the Red River , near Fargo , North Dakota . END VIDEO Iceland Eruption AZUZ : Heading across the Atlantic Ocean to Iceland , a country that has more land covered by glaciers than all of Europe . And underneath the country 's fifth-largest glacier : this ! A volcano that started erupting over the weekend . Not unusual for Iceland ; it sits on a volcanic hotspot . It 's had 21 eruptions in the past 47 years . But this is the first time that this particular volcano has erupted since 1821 , and experts say there was not a lot of warning . Hundreds of people were evacuated ; police declared a state of emergency . One scientist said there 's just no way to know how long the eruption will last : could end today , could go on for a year or two . But he did add this is a small eruption . Iraq Vote AZUZ : Well , figuring out the results of Iraq 's parliamentary election wo n't take a year or two , but it is going to take a while longer . The votes from the election -- it was on March 7th -- are still being tallied . But Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is calling for a recount . He says it 's to "  preserve the integrity of the electoral process . " Right now , the race is too close to call . Based on partial results , al-Maliki 's party is leading in some of Iraq 's provinces , but it 's losing the overall vote . Iraq 's electoral commission has rejected the demand for a recount . A spokesman for the commission says there have to be "  compelling reasons " for it , and they do n't think there are any . The final election results are expected to be announced on Friday . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Dunston 's social studies classes at Bethune Middle School in Decatur , Georgia ! Gorillas belong to what scientific genus ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Theropithecus , B  Suricata , C  Papio or D  Gorilla ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Gorillas are classified in genus gorilla . Surprise , surprise . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Search for Gorillas AZUZ : Gorillas are in the family of "  great apes . " And according to the World Wildlife Fund , the Cross River gorilla is the most endangered great ape in Africa . For a while , people thought the species had already gone extinct . Christian Purefoy takes us into the forests of Africa to learn about the dangers facing these gorillas and the people who are trying to help them . BEGIN VIDEO CHRISTIAN PUREFOY , CNN CORRESPONDENT , LAGOS , NIGERIA : We 're searching West Africa 's last rainforest for its last remaining gorillas . JOSEPH NJAMA , ECO-GUARD : These are the teeth of the gorilla . Look at them biting it , you see , forcing it to break . PUREFOY : It 's a rare sign that there are actually any gorillas left here . Our trackers , who are ex-poachers now turned gaurdians for the gorillas , only see them maybe twice a year . Sightings are so rare that these pictures shot last year are thought to be the only known images of the gorillas . The difficult terrain of these mountains has helped keep the gorillas out of sight and hidden from poachers . Somewhere out there in the forest is the Cross River gorilla . It 's the rarest in the world and also the most endangered ; they think there 's maybe 300 in Nigeria and Cameroon alone and just 35 in these Mbe mountains . The local communities of the Mbe mountains have come together to try and protect the gorillas , but disagreement over exactly how is proving divisive . But as we continued our search , we found signs of life : a gorilla nest only two to three weeks old . In your research , how important are these nests ? INAOYOM IMONG , WILDLIFE CONSERVATION SOCIETY : It 's very important because we rarely see them , and the only way we can get information on the population is by finding nests such as this to give us an idea of the population size and to give us an idea the ranging behavior of the gorillas . PUREFOY : We did n't see any gorillas , but that is a hopeful sign ; the more these gorillas fear humans and stay hidden , the better their chances of survival . Christian Purefoy , CNN , the Mbe Mountains , Nigeria . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , if you 've ever wondered what it takes to put together a basketball court , the answer is about 10-and-a-half hours ! We do n't have that kind of time , so we 're speeding things up for you . This is the Bradley Center in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . This is how workers transformed it from a hockey arena to a basketball stadium overnight ! We 're not sold on hiring these guys the next time we need to set up a party . Goodbye AZUZ : But we are courting the idea . That sinks our last points for the day , but CNN Student News will get your Tuesday show on the rebound . Join us when we begin our final four shows of the week tomorrow .	Examine the importance of the number 216 in the U.S. House Hear how technology helps scientists predict flood patterns Search the African rainforest for an endangered ape species Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  The powers of Marvel 's all-star superheroes go a bit wobbly in "  Avengers : Age of Ultron . " Faced with the daunting prospect of topping the surprise and excitement of 2012 's The Avengers , the third highest-grossing film of all time , writer-director Joss Whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with the abundant spectacle . To be sure , series junkies will get their fix from the sheer massiveness of the exploits , but at least two of the big action scenes are lackluster , while the climax and resolution could have been worked out in more complex , less rote ways , so as to further increase intrigue and anticipation for "  Avengers : Infinity War Parts 1 and 2 , " already scheduled for release in May of 2018 and 2019 , respectively . Not that any of this will matter much , since the pent-up excitement among the enormous international fan base is so intense that nothing will keep the summer 's presumed biggest franchise blockbuster from soaring to and beyond the one-billion dollar threshold internationally . Hands-on producer Kevin Feige and his associates have built a cinematic empire quite unprecedented in Hollywood history , a veritable solar system of staggeringly profitable individual franchises unified by the overpowering collective force of the Avengers . So while sideline enterprises like the new "  Daredevil " TV series continue to pop up , the company can be so confident in the enduring appeal of its theatrical mainstays that it recently published a release schedule for its remaining big-gun commercial titles from now through the end of the decade . At this point , no one would be willing to bet on when a sense of terminal deja vu might set in to bring it all to an end , and Comic-Con can plan its main events years ahead . In the meantime , the key points of interest surround how many surprises and twists can be wrung from a format and set of expectations that demand great fealty from core fans ; any significant deviations are taken as personal betrayals by the hardest-core geeks . Last summer , "  Guardians of the Galaxy " showed that Marvel could play it a bit more fast and loose than it generally does , but the big-name franchises still seem sacrosanct . And so it is with "  Avengers : Age of Ultron , " which at moments takes a peek down some shadowy side roads but ends up mostly zooming along the main highway to deliver what the audience wants rather than something even a little bit different . Picking up where last year 's "  Captain America : Winter Soldier " left off , the new film , without preamble , dives right in to show the Avengers dispatching the remnants of the nasty HYDRA organization in a hectically and indifferently staged forest combat scene that leaves Clint Barton/Hawkeye  Jeremy Renner  worse for wear while also introducing two new adversaries , twins Pietro and Wanda  Aaron-Taylor Johnson and Elizabeth Olsen  . Victory allows for some passably amusing scenes of the heroes blowing off steam : The favorite party trick of Thor  Chris Hemsworth  is to challenge all comers to lift up his hammer ; Natasha/Black Widow  Scarlett Johansson  and Bruce Banner/The Hulk  Mark Ruffalo  pursue a little mating dance in which her amorous interest is predicated upon his retaining his human rather than superhero form ; and Tony Stark/Iron Man  Robert Downey Jr.  and Steve Rogers/Captain America  Chris Evans  take stock of the advances their old Nazi nemesis Strucker  Thomas Kretschmann  appears to be making in the artificial intelligence department , specifically with the most sophisticated humanoid ever devised , Ultron  voiced with marvelous robotic nuance by James Spader  . What 's behind Warner Bros. ' risky move to release nine movies Ultron is a cool and sophisticated creation ; what he lacks , of course , is a heart , which is what makes him such an imposing villain . A sleekly designed robot you might even call handsome , he makes an excellent intellectual and smart-ass sparring partner for Stark , but when he first appears , he 's still on training wheels . However , he does recruit Pietro and Wanda to his cause , an easy matter since Stark killed their parents . He 's not yet entirely ready to conquer the universe but , in their first skirmish with him , the Avengers are sufficiently outclassed to begin worrying . Could ` Star Wars ' open at $ 500 million ? Licking their wounds at the "  safe house " of Hawkeye 's farm , the Avengers go into a funk . The impatient Thor quickly takes off "  to find answers , " Bruce resists Natasha 's desire to get something physical cooking between them ; Stark , lamenting that "  Ultron is tryng to tear us apart , " consults with old cohort Nick Fury  Samuel L. Jackson , briefly  , while Mad Men 's Linda Cardellini , playing Hawkeye 's stand-by-your-man wife , is stuck with the  intentionally ?  funniest line of dialogue in the film : "  You know I totally support your avenging . " While some of his partners wallow in disarray , Captain America heads for Seoul , where the next evolutionary step is to emerge via a device called "  the cradle , " which will hatch mass-produced android soldiers that will pave the way for Ultron 's world domination . But a major chase through the city involving a runaway subway train falls flat due to basic conceptual silliness and poor action continuity . Of course , the Avengers ultimately get it together to do the kind of butt-kicking they 're supposed to do , and a very welcome addition to the team comes in the form of the android called Vision . Red-faced and green-garbed , Vision is given a striking profile and overall presence by Paul Bettany  heretofore limited in the Marvel world to vocal work as Stark 's computerized butler J.A.R.V.I.S.  , and it can be hoped , if not assumed , that this most intriguing character will play an even more important role in the final two Avengers installments . ` Galaxy Quest ' TV series in the works Ultimately , Whedon 's efforts to invest the heroes with a degree of uncertainty and vulnerability comes off as half-baked , as such an effort can only go so far due to the nature of the material . After all , these are comic book characters defined by their double identities ; a third dimension is neither required nor perhaps even desired . If ending on a dramatic cliffhanger note had been desired , the elements were there for the taking ; including a semi-tragic component along with mystery about Ultron 's ultimate fate would arguably have only further cranked up anticipation for the coming chapters . But , then , what does that matter when the automatic attendance of millions is assured ? "  Avengers : Age of Ultron " succeeds in the top priority of creating a worthy opponent for its superheroes and giving the latter a few new things to do , but this time the action scenes do n't always measure up and some of the characters are left in a kind of dramatic no-man 's - land . The returning series actors acquit themselves in the expected agreeable manner , while series newcomer Andy Serkis has a terrific couple of minutes as a tough but stressed South African criminal .  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	` Avengers : Age of Ultron ' hits theaters May 1 Critic : Movie does n't quite measure up to the original from 2012
CNN  It 's January , the busiest month of the year for most gyms . Typically , by February or March , many people lose focus and stop hitting the gym . This year is going to be different -- at least for the six lucky CNN viewers selected to be part of the 2015 Fit Nation Triathlon team . Each participant will be getting a road bike  with all the necessary accessories  , a wet suit and a gym membership to prepare them to race alongside Dr. Sanjay Gupta in the Nautica Malibu Triathlon on September 20 . As they train for their first triathlon with support from fitness and nutrition coaches , they 'll blog , tweet and share their workouts online . You 'll watch and get to cheer them on as they get ready to swim a half-mile in the ocean , bike 18 miles and run 4 miles along the Pacific coast . And we hope this year 's Fit Nation Triathlon Challenge team will inspire you to make your health a priority . If our past Fit Nation team members are any indication , you 'll be happy you did . Meet this year 's team : Having a training partner is critical to the success of any life-changing program . Many past Fit Nation team members have trained along with their spouses , partners , friends and family , all with great results . This year , we decided to pick a husband and wife duo -- Julia and Eugene Smookler -- to be part of the challenge . Julia is a midwife . She spends much of her day talking to women about maintaining healthy lifestyles , eating well and staying healthy throughout pregnancy . But Julia admits she has a long way to go toward practicing what she preaches . "  As a busy mom and working full time , it 's just impossible to lose this weight , " she says . "  But I feel like it 's really important to set the standard and to be a good role model for those patients . " When she and Eugene met , they were both in much better shape , but life got in the way . Julia 's father passed away from cancer . Then they had a child , which torpedoed several of their healthy habits . Eugene says he wants them both to get in better shape , so they can be good role models for their 3-year-old daughter , Mara . "  We 're ready to hit the reset button and start over , get our lives back , be more productive and have more energy , " he says . "  And be a happier couple , " Julia chimes in . "  I think it 's really strained our relationship . " Eugene 's also looking forward to being able to do "  the worm " with the same finesse he had back in college . At 67 , Linda Garrett is the oldest person to have ever joined our team , but looking at her , you 'd never believe she was a day over 50 . The semiretired psychiatric nurse says having a busy career and raising two children caused her to overlook her own health and fitness . It was n't until last year when someone at her local gym talked her into doing a mud run that her "  inner athlete " came out . "  I completed it , and I had a ball , " Garrett says . "  I want to bring that enthusiasm to the Fit Nation Triathlon . " Working out at a gym several days a week has already helped her keep those "  pesky senior citizen aches " at bay . Training for a triathlon , she says she hopes to be in the best shape of her life . "  I 'm a triathlete in my mind . ... I want to make it a reality , " she says . Robert Lara , 34 , says he is ready to shed the weight he 's carried around his whole life and help change attitudes in the Mexican-American community where he grew up . At 300 pounds and suffering from Type 2 diabetes , this attorney says , "  Enough is enough . " He 's hoping the CNN program will help give him a shot at making changes that stick . But his reasons also go deeper . "  I 'm not going to make it past 40 if I do n't really focus on losing weight and taking care of myself , " Lara says . "  My culture has a very ingrained commitment to taking care of our elders , and if I ca n't take care of myself , how can I take care of them ? " Erica Moore , 35 , says there 's no secret to how she ballooned to more than 250 pounds , but she did have a lot of fun doing it . "  I do n't have a down-on-my-luck story , " Moore says . "  I got fat the old-fashioned way -- a lot of eating , a lot of drinking and no exercise . " Last year , she decided that she had had more than enough fun getting out of shape -- now it was time to put in some hard work to get back into shape . At 34 , she took her first swim lessons -- the initial step toward her goal of becoming an ironman . She began rowing and running as well , and this year , she says she will prove to friends , family and her community that anything is possible with hard work and determination . At 44 , Chip Greenidge has been in school a lot of years -- first in college , then grad school and now working on his doctorate at Georgia State University . Through it all , his weight has been up and down ; now , at more than 300 pounds , he 's ready to make a change . "  I have spent my life in service to others -- encouraging urban high school students to apply , attend and graduate college , and convening a number of activities helping minorities and people of color get involved in civic life , " Greenidge says . "  However , over the years , I have not been able to really work on my own health and nutrition goals . " He says he 's looking toward the CNN Fit Nation challenge to help him set and achieve those goals , and overcome a family history of high blood pressure . "  I look to learn so many things about myself in the process -- my strengths and challenges and how I can approach them going forward in life . "	Six CNN viewers have been selected to be part of the 2015 Fit Nation triathlon team They will race alongside Dr. Sanjay Gupta in the Nautica Malibu Triathlon in September The six will share their workouts online as they receive fitness and nutrition training
New York  CNN  -- The editor of Essence Magazine defended Wednesday her recent hiring of a white fashion director -- a first for the 40-year-old publication that celebrates black women . The hiring of Elliana Placas first sparked outrage when a former Essence employee posted a note on her Facebook page decrying the decision . "  It 's with a heavy heart I 've learned Essence Magazine has engaged a white Fashion Director , " former Essence staffer Michaela Angela Davis wrote . "  I love Essence and I love fashion . I hate this news and this feeling . It hurts , literally . " Essence editor-in-chief Angela Burt-Murray wrote in an opinion piece posted Wednesday on African-American news site theGrio.com that Placas initially joined the magazine six months ago to run the fashion section on a freelance basis before being hired permanently as fashion director . "  I got to see firsthand her creativity , her vision , the positive reader response to her work , and her enthusiasm and respect for the audience and our brand , " Burt-Murray said . "  As such , I thought she 'd make an excellent addition to our team . And I still do . This decision in no way diminishes my commitment to black women , our issues , our fights . " Critics of the decision raised concerns over the lack of African-American women in fashion as part of their outcry over the hiring of Placas . "  The fashion industry is not diverse -- it is an elite , closed world and there is very little place for black women , " Davis told CNN . "  At Fashion Week , there was one seat for Essence . One . Black women 's image and beauty has either been ignored or defiled and that one seat should be filled by someone who can represent the style , history and body type of black women . " Davis is adamant that she is not a racist , but instead concerned that a position where an African-American woman might be able to start and build her career has been lost . "  Essence was the first magazine that says in their brand that it is for black women and their motto when I worked there was ` where black women come first , ' " Davis told CNN on Wednesday . "  This is not about being racist , this is about wanting a place where black women can grow and flourish and go out and help diversify , " she said . Burt-Murray said in her opinion piece that she shared concerns "  about the lack of visibility of African-American women throughout the ranks of the fashion industry , which is overwhelmingly white . " "  I , too , want to see more of us on the mastheads of all the magazines , seated in the front rows of the shows , designing our own fashion lines , and contributing our special flavor and flyness to the world of style , " she wrote . Burt-Murray also wrote that she has seen strong reactions in the past from readers when it comes to matters of race and the magazine . Recent examples of reader outrage included a profile of rapper P. Diddy and his longtime girlfriend Kim Porter , which some readers found promoted having children out of wedlock and a negative image of black couples , and guest columnist Jill Scott voicing her opinion about black men who date outside of their race , which some readers felt was reverse racism . Likewise , the decision to hire Placas has not escaped scrutiny . However , despite the outrage , Davis insists that readers not drop their support of the magazine yet , writing in a second Facebook post , "  We need Essence today as we did 40 years ago . I do n't believe this is the time for a boycott . " Burt-Murray noted that past issues that should have sparked such outrage were often overlooked . She cites several in-depth reports the magazine conducted on issues plaguing the African-American community , including black children falling through the cracks in under-performing schools , the increase in sex trafficking of young black girls in urban communities , inequities in the health care services for black women or how HIV is the leading cause of death for black women ages 18-34 . "  The things that really are the end of our world apparently are n't , " she wrote . "  While the response to these important stories may not always be as strong as we would like or lead to immediate change , Essence remains committed to telling these stories . "  Forty years ago Essence was founded to empower , celebrate , and inspire black women to climb higher , go further and break down barriers . Our commitment to black women remains unchanged as we continue to stay laser-focused on those principles -- no matter who works with us . " Davis said she feels readers should still support Essence , but says there 's no reason why the magazine should be immune to criticism . "  I hate that I 'm even having this conversation because I love Essence -- it was my home , " Davis said . "  But I spoke out for all the black girls who called me crying because what does this say to them ? " Meanwhile , Burt-Murray is standing by her decision to hire Placas . "  We remain committed to celebrating the unique beauty and style of African-American women in Essence magazine and online at Essence.com , " she wrote . CNN 's Julie Cannold contributed to this report .	The editor calls Elliana Placas "  an excellent addition to our team " Her hiring sparked controversy when a former magazine employee posted on Facebook that the hiring "  hurts " Critics cite the lack of black women in fashion as part of their concerns The editor says she remains committed to celebrating African-American women
CNN  -- "  There is a sense that he is ` one of us , ' a true fan of comics . " That 's how John Mayo , co-host of the Comic Book Page podcast , describes Geoff Johns , the chief creative officer at DC Comics and one of the most influential figures in comics today . All those trailers you 've been seeing for the upcoming "  Green Lantern " movie ? A good chunk of the credit should go to Johns . He 's a co-producer on the film , but he 's also responsible for giving the character top billing recently in comics and , ultimately , in pop culture . Johns brought Hal Jordan back to life in the "  Green Lantern : Rebirth " series and went on to cast the emerald warrior 's world as the focal point of the DC Universe in the popular "  Blackest Night " comic event . Now , he 's taking on DC 's newest large-scale series : "  Flashpoint , " a world in which everything you know will change in a Flash . The first issue hits shelves Wednesday . "  I did n't want to take the DC universe , put it in a box , shake the box and pour it out , " Johns said . "  I wanted to take the major characters and show what they could be like if they were put on a different path . " The one constant is another fan favorite that owes his recent reincarnation to Johns : the Silver Age Flash , Barry Allen . Some Flash Facts about the scarlet speedster : Allen is a police scientist who , thanks to an accident , was imbued with the Speed Force , an energy that turned him into the fastest man alive . He sacrificed his life during one of DC 's first mega events , "  Crisis on Infinite Earths , " back in the 1980s , but returned in recent years as a regular fixture in the DC world . Taking decades of mythology in new directions might seem like a daunting task . But Bob Bretall , Mayo 's co-host on the Comic Book Page podcast , said it 's a balancing act that Johns performs well . "  He can retool a character or his/her history to make it more relevant to current readers without throwing away or disrespecting the work of previous creators . " If you 're not familiar with Allen 's back story , Johns said , you do n't need to worry about playing catch-up before diving into the new series . "  You get all you need to know about The Flash in ` Flashpoint 1 , ' and then you 're exploring a whole new universe together . So you 're seeing it through Flash 's eyes for the very first time . " A fan 's writer Based on his track record , there 's a good chance fans will be happy with the journey Johns is taking them on . "  Geoff Johns seems to be widely respected in the fan community , both as a writer and as a person , " Mayo said . "  I think the fact that he delivers great stories on a routine basis has earned him a lot of goodwill . " Johns has a lot in common with those fans , since his early experiences with comics mirrored many of their own . He started reading in the 1980s , gravitating toward the big , colorful characters of the DC universe . But in a world often dominated by The Big Three -- Superman , Batman and Wonder Woman -- it was The Flash that grabbed Johns ' attention . "  I thought his costume was amazing . I thought superspeed was really fascinating . I thought he had the greatest rogues ' gallery , " Johns said . "  Flash felt like a doorway to all these wonderful things . " An epic tale The doorway he 's taking readers through with "  Flashpoint " is one that opens on more than one character . "  Flash is about speed and time and altering perceptions . I wanted to explore that on a DC-wide scale , " Johns said . Doing things on a wide scale can present challenges for readers . Kathleen Saracen , manager at Titan Games & Comics in Smyrna , Georgia , said some customers grow frustrated about having to spend too much money on large crossover titles . "  Flashpoint " has a five-issue main story , with more than a dozen planned miniseries and a handful of one-shot stories . Podcast hosts Bretall and Mayo think the sheer volume may overwhelm some fans . "  That 's a lot to digest and lot of money to commit , " Bretall said . Johns acknowledged the concerns but said the side miniseries are meant to be complementary , not obligatory . "  If you 're interested , you can check out the other miniseries , but they 're not vital to the main story . They expand and flesh out the world behind ` Flashpoint , ' but you really only need to invest in the five main issues . " Can The Flash follow Green Lantern and jump to the forefront of pop culture ? A big-screen adaptation is being developed , and Mayo and Bretall both feel that the character is popular enough for the "  Flashpoint " series to do well . Johns said his ultimate goal is to increase that popularity . "  I wanted to create a book that would intrigue people enough to give Flash a shot , " Johns said . "  My hope is that anyone who 's not a Flash fan , by the end of issue five , will be a Flash fan , whether they 're a current reader , lapsed reader or new reader . "	Geoff Johns is one of the most influential figures in comics today Fans feel a connection to his work : "  There is a sense that he is ` one of us ' " Johns is writing "  Flashpoint , " a new miniseries that launches Wednesday Johns : I wanted to explore "  speed and time and altering perceptions "
CNN  -- Many of the Oklahoma families whose lives were devastated by the tornado will recover over time , especially with the help and support of family and community . But children need special attention as they struggle with what happened on Monday and upheavals in their family and school routines . Children 's reactions will vary depending on their age and their experience with the tornado . They may get upset during a storm because they fear another tornado or worry when their parents leave their side . They might display changes in their behavior , such as irritability and anger or decreased concentration . They may withdraw or have physical complaints , and sleep or appetite troubles . It 's reassuring to know these reactions are common and generally diminish over time . Their reactions are strongly influenced by how their parents , teachers and other caregivers are coping . Those teachers who took care of their students during the storm will need to seek their own supports and take care of themselves while showing kids how to cope in a positive way . Parents can help children recover by calmly talking with them about any concerns . This will be important over the weeks and months to come . Mother 's instinct saves lives of 3 sons Parents must assure children that they are safe and help them cope with distress associated with reminders of the tornado -- like sirens or the destruction they see . They should stick to normal mealtime and bedtime routines as much as possible . Adults should also be careful what they and others say in front of the kids and be especially patient with changes in children 's behavior . Rest , exercise and a balanced diet are important . It helps to limit media reports and social media about the tornado . People should stay connected to friends and family and find time for activities that give them a break from additional stress . If the children have lost a loved one , it 's important to talk about it . Parents can reminisce about that person with their kids and conduct a memorial activity that children can join in . Grieving is even more difficult when a loved one dies suddenly in traumatic circumstances . Families need their own traditions and rituals when someone dies so they can support one another and manage a wide range of emotional responses . Answering questions about death for children can be challenging -- it 's important to be truthful , give answers that are appropriate for their ages and listen carefully to their feelings . Families remember tornado victims The tornado hit during the day when children and parents were separated . Because of that , young children may become especially clingy and worry when they are away from their parents . In the next weeks , parents should stay with their children as much as possible . If they need to leave , they should make sure a familiar adult is with the children and that they know when their parents will return . If any of these reactions continue over a month or worsen over time , parents should consider a mental health consultation.As the community begins to recover , be sure to acknowledge the high school seniors who are graduating in the next week , as this is an important milestone to be commemorated . With the ending of school , some teenagers may have lost their summer jobs and it will be important to help them find alternatives like assisting recovery efforts , cleaning debris , babysitting , or organizing collection drives . Doctor 's quick thinking saves patients It 's two years this week that tornadoes hit Joplin , Missouri , which is still recovering . With other recent disasters like Sandy Hook , parents are increasingly worried about their children 's safety . Families should take this opportunity to make sure that school and family emergency plans are in place . That , and open communication will go a long way toward supporting children with their responses to this devastating tornado . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melissa Brymer .	Melissa Brymer : Children need special attention to cope with trauma and upheaval She says fear , anxiety , anger , withdrawal are common , but they diminish over time Brymer : Kids look to parents ' reaction ; parents must talk to them calmly and truthfully Brymer : Sticking to routines and being patient , staying away from media very important
CNN  -- South Korean pop star Rain , who stars in "  Ninja Assassin , " releasing nationwide on Wednesday , has all the trimmings of an international superstar in the making . His talent , good looks and charming swagger have captured the devotion of the Asian continent , where tickets to his concerts evaporate in minutes . He was hailed as one of People magazine 's most beautiful two years ago , and , despite being relatively unknown to most Americans , beat Stephen Colbert in a Time magazine online poll of most influential people in 2007 . Yet Rain 's climb from unknown backup dancer to a member of Asia 's A-list was n't easy : His lack of Western features caused many music labels to look right past him and getting his footing in the United States has been particularly difficult . Despite having six albums under his belt and selling out a two-day Madison Square Garden tour in 2006 , Rain 's "  Justin Timberlake meets Usher " brand of bubble-gum pop never saturated pop charts here as it did in the East . But Rain is n't one to accept defeat . "  The more criticism I get , the more it gives me a stronger urge to win . So I try harder , " he told CNN 's Talk Asia . "  The more times I was turned down , the more I believed I was getting closer to making it . A lot of people in Korea say that failure is the mother of success , so I believed that more times I failed , the more likely I was to succeed , " he said . The 27-year-old tested Hollywood waters with last year 's "  Speed Racer , " but the action film , which he now calls a "  warming up period , " failed to give him cross-over recognition . Now , Rain has a second shot at swimming in the American mainstream with another Wachowski produced film , the cut 'em and gut 'em "  Ninja Assassin , " where the pop star does most of his own stunts . "  I put my heart and soul into this movie , " he said . Rain trained hard for months to get ready for the movie 's slick violence . "  For about a year , I could n't eat properly , I was working out from 7 in the morning to 5 in the afternoon , " he said . "  I went through a lot of pain in my efforts to get 100 percent close to the character that I was playing . " To get the opportunity to finally become an American household name , though , it 's worth it . After all , Rain is n't the type of guy who shies away from a challenge . "  What I want to do now is start from the bottom again and build up a name in the U.S. , " Rain said . "  I experienced firsthand what it means to be poor , what it means to go hungry , and that I think may be the reason , the root cause of why I 'm able to work so hard even these days , " he said . "  I 'm hoping people expect a lot from this movie , because I think they will not be disappointed . "	Korean singer Rain is a huge hit in Asia , but has struggled to find large success in the U.S. He starred in last year 's "  Speed Racer , " and has the lead role in "  Ninja Assassin " Rain said he is n't afraid of the hard work it 'll take to make him a star in the U.S. He says he had to go through intense training for "  Assassin "
CNN  -- The major concern of the United States in the current Israeli-Hamas conflict is a potential Israeli ground incursion into Gaza , U.S. officials said Friday . That would be a disastrous escalation that could trigger a larger conflict , a senior U.S. official told CNN . "  Escalation is what we are concerned about . We do n't want it to escalate to the point where Israel feels it has to take additional action , specifically ground force action , " the official said . Israel has some ground forces on the border and ready to act if they are called to do so , said Israel 's ambassador to the United States , Michael Oren , in a conference call with reporters Friday . Israel 's Cabinet on Friday authorized the call-ups of up to 75,000 reservists , prime minister 's spokesman Mark Regev said . Israel 's military said earlier in the day that 30,000 troops are being mobilized for a possible move into Gaza . So far , Israeli tank units and troops have stayed outside Gaza . But the senior U.S. official indicated while the United States unequivocally supports Israel 's right to self-defense , the U.S. message right now is for Israel not to enter Gaza on the ground . "  Ground forces would clearly be a major escalation , " he said . Q&A : Gaza strikes could be beginning of ground attack The official said the worry is Israeli ground troops could lead to drawing Egypt into the conflict . "  What action would Egypt take , would they move into Sinai ? " he said . He said the assessment is that a number of other Arab nations in the region would then , at least rhetorically , join with Egypt against Israel . The official emphasized this is a U.S. worry and the strong hope is Hamas will stop its rocket attacks on Israel , thereby ending Israeli strikes . "  The question also is how much Hamas wants to risk , " the official said . A second official said the United States also is watching closely to see if Iran , which backs Hamas , attempts to infiltrate new fighters or weapons supplies into Gaza . Neither official would speak on the record because they were discussing sensitive national security matters . Opinion : New dangers in familiar Gaza violence Daniel Ben Simon , an Israeli Knesset member not aligned with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's coalition , said Friday that he sensed "  almost an absence " from Washington , adding , "  It 's time for the Americans to step in . " "  We need the boss , and the boss is still the White House , " Ben Simon said , calling U.S. officials "  the only ones that can control the situation and ... talk freely " to all sides . "  It seems the White House is too silent . " U.S. President Barack Obama did talk Friday with Netanyahu , after the Israeli prime minister called him to voice "  deep appreciation ... for the United States ' investment in the Iron Dome rocket and mortar defense system , " the White House said . "  The president reiterated U.S. support for Israel 's right to defend itself , and expressed regret over the loss of Israeli and Palestinian civilian lives , " the statement said . "  The two leaders discussed options for de-escalating the situation . " iReport : Protests over Israel-Gaza conflict sparks in St. Louis Obama called Egyptian President Mohammed Morsy , commending "  Egypt 's efforts to de-escalate the situation and  expressing  his hope that these efforts would be successful , " the White House said in another statement . The president also "  expressed regret for the loss of Israeli and Palestinian civilian lives . " The State Department says Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has made a number of phone calls trying to muster international pressure to stop what it terms a "  very , very dangerous situation " in Gaza . Clinton , traveling in Asia , called Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman and Egyptian Foreign Minister Mohamed Kamel Amr for the second time in as many days , as well as Jordanian King Abdullah and Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Friday . Are you there ? Share photos , video but stay safe "  In all cases her message has been the same : that we are urging a de-escalation of this conflict , we are urging those countries with influence on Hamas and other groups in Gaza to use that influence to get a de-escalation . " There will be other calls , Nuland said , to other countries to maximize pressure on Hamas . "  I think we are all in the same place . The Egyptians are , the Turkish government is , " she said . Nuland added that the United States is encouraged that Egypt is involved in what she termed "  urgent diplomacy . " The Egyptian prime minister was in Gaza on Friday , and Nuland said the call was an opportunity to get an update on that visit and to get a sense from the Egyptians in the wake of the visit what further steps they can take to help de-escalate the situation . The U.S. Navy is continuing to keep to the standard deployment of three warships in the eastern Mediterranean that can shoot down ballistic missiles fired by Iran that would threaten Israel . Those ships are not equipped to deal with the short-range rockets being used by Hamas . The Navy also has quietly made the decision to keep three amphibious warships with several hundred Marines on board in the vicinity of the Mediterranean in the unlikely event they might be needed to assist Americans leaving Israel . Three U.S. military officials stressed strongly that the scenario is very unlikely . "  No one has even drawn an evacuation plan on the back of a cocktail napkin yet , " one official said . But the three ships have been told to stay in place until there is more certainty about what is happening . The U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv took precautionary measures Friday , reducing its staff and suspending routine consular services , according to an embassy security message . Additionally , embassy staff were instructed to keep their children home from school for the day and were prohibited from traveling to the south of Israel . What is Hamas ?	NEW : President Obama talks to Israeli and Egyptian leaders An Israeli Knesset member says , "  The White House is too silent " "  Escalation is what we are concerned about , " a senior U.S. official says U.S. Secretary of State Clinton has talked to many officials , a spokeswoman says
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Nearly 30 years after hijacking a U.S. airliner to Cuba , fugitive William Potts may soon return to the United States . Of the several dozen fugitives that U.S. authorities believe are living in Cuba , he is probably the only one fighting to go home . "  Like or lump it , I am an American , I was born there , my family was born and raised there , and that 's where I have been wanting to go for over a year , " Potts told CNN exclusively , after he met with U.S. diplomats in Havana on Monday . Potts , 56 , said he submitted paperwork during his visit to the United States Interests Section in Cuba for a single-use passport that would allow him to travel back to the United States , where he probably faces arrest for the 1984 hijacking of a passenger plane to the island . Cuban newspaper alleges bribes for U.S. visas U.S. State Department officials said they were unable to discuss Potts ' case , citing privacy concerns , but they issued a statement that said , "  through our missions overseas , U.S. citizens traveling or residing overseas are accorded a full range of passport services . " At the time of the hijacking , Potts was a Black Panther with dreams of overthrowing the U.S. government . Cuba , he thought , might provide him with military training to carry out his own revolution . To get to the communist nation , he smuggled a .25 - caliber pistol onto a Piedmont Airlines flight scheduled to fly from Newark , New Jersey , to Miami . After the flight took off , Potts brandished the pistol and told the pilot to fly the plane and 56 people aboard to Havana . "  I had to be forceful with him , " Potts remembered . "  I tell him , ` If we do n't go to Cuba , this plane is going down . We are going to hell or Cuba . ' " U.S. doctors see American jailed in Cuba But Potts ' dream of being embraced by Cubans as a fellow revolutionary did not pan out . Cuban authorities told him that he would n't receive military training and instead would be put on trial . They offered to send him back to the United States with the hijacked plane , but he chose to stay in Cuba to show he was n't "  a play revolutionary . " After brief court proceedings , his new hosts gave him a lengthy prison sentence . "  I thought I had won the case , and they gave me 15 years , " Potts said . "  I did n't even know what 15 was in Spanish . And they said ` quince . ' I said , what is ` quince ' ? And my translator said 15 years . And I said , '15 years for who ? ' And they said , '15 years for you . ' " Cuba and U.S. talk mail cooperation Potts served over 13 years in some of Cuba 's toughest prisons and said he received regular visits from U.S. diplomats . After his release in 1997 , Potts had two daughters and said being a father changed his politics . "  I am no longer a revolutionary , " he said , "  just a father . " Potts still faces a federal indictment in Miami for the hijacking . In 2009 , he wrote President Barack Obama requesting a pardon for the plane hijacking that brought him to Cuba . Hearing nothing back , he then wrote the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Miami to ask if a plea deal could be worked out to take into account the time he had already served in Cuba . Potts again heard no reply , but his daughters were given U.S. citizenship and passports , and last year , they left to go live with his family in the state of Georgia . Now , Potts says he would like to be reunited with his two young daughters . But , unlike other U.S. fugitives in Cuba -- some with million-dollar bounties on their heads -- his attempts to turn himself in have been met with disinterest from the United States . The U.S. State Department has placed Cuba on the list of countries that support state terrorism , along with Iran and Syria , for providing a haven for fugitives from U.S. and international justice . "  No one 's harboring me , " Potts told CNN in an interview May . "  I am trying to go back . " On Monday , he said his frustration had boiled over and he had planned a hunger strike in front of the U.S. Interests Section in Havana . Instead , he met with American diplomats who he said apologized for the delay in issuing his temporary passport . Potts said he may be back in the United States within a week , where he expects to be spending more time in jail . He is hopeful that the years he served in Cuba 's prisons will reduce any sentence he faces back home . "  I am ready to discuss it and debate the issue in a court of law if necessary , " he said . "  Because I am sure that any American can understand that 15 years in prison in a communist country is 15 years . It 's not a Club Med situation . " Homesick American hijacker offers to return from Cuba	William Potts hijacked a U.S. airliner in 1984 and forced it to Cuba The former Black Panther spent more than 13 years in Cuban prisons He 's been trying to return to the United States for the past year He told CNN he expects to return within a week
CNN Student News  -- Discussion Questions 1 . When is Women 's History Month ? What are the origins of Women 's History Month ? What is the goal of recognizing Women 's History Month ? 2 . Do you think that women are underrepresented in any aspects of modern American life ? Explain . Can you think of any professions in which women outnumber men ? If so , what are they and why do you think that this is the case in these professions ? 3 . Can you think of any female role models that have had an impact on your life ? If so , how have these women influenced you ? Learning Activities Use these activities to encourage your students to learn about and appreciate the history and achievements of women in America . 1 . Women 's History Month Proclamation Every year since 1980 , the U.S. president has issued a proclamation regarding Women 's History Month . Have students read last year 's presidential proclamation , which focused on the theme "  Women Taking the Lead to Save Our Planet . " A link to the proclamation can be found in the resources section below . Instruct students to develop a proclamation of their own using this year 's theme , "  Writing Women Back into History , " which recognizes the importance of women in all aspects of history . 2 . Women in Government Have students use the Internet and other resources to generate a list of some of the women currently holding positions in government , including , but not limited to , U.S. Supreme Court justices , state governors , members of the president 's cabinet , and members of the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate . Have each student select one of these women to research . Direct students to create a classroom or online exhibit that highlights each woman 's experiences and achievements , and illustrates how her position of power may affect the lives of other Americans . 3 . Witness to History What if CNN had been there to record the events surrounding the women 's suffrage movement ? Guide students as they use the Internet to research the struggle for women 's voting rights . Tell students to use the following questions as their guide :  What were the major events that led to the ratification of the 19th Amendment ?  Who were the key players on both sides of the women 's suffrage issue ?  What arguments were presented both for and against women 's voting rights ? Have students develop scripts for a broadcast news story on one aspect of this movement , ensuring that students include viewpoints from both the movement 's supporters and its critics . 4 . Women in the Military Inform students that the U.S. Navy is currently considering allowing women to serve on submarines . Ask students : What is your opinion on this issue ? What accommodations , if any , do you think should be made so that women may serve on submarines ? Lead a class discussion about the following question : Why do you think that women have historically been restricted from serving in certain military roles ? Instruct students to read the list of positions that women are restricted from serving in , located at the bottom of "  Highlights in the History of Military Women . " Divide the class into teams , and ask each team to create two columns . In the first column , teams should list which military positions they think should be open to women , and in the second column , positions that they think should remain closed to women . Encourage students to identify the criteria that they use to determine whether or not a military position should be open to women . 5 . Women 's History Memorial Divide your class into small teams and assign each team one of the following fields : science , community , government , literature , art , sports and medicine . Next , instruct teams to research the roles that women have played in their assigned fields throughout American history . After teams present their information , instruct the full class to design a new memorial in Washington , D.C. that focuses on the contributions of women to American history . Standards Social Studies II . Time , Continuity , and Change Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of the ways human beings view themselves in and over time . V. Individuals , Groups and Institutions Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals , groups , and institutions . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/strands/  are published by the National Council for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/  . Resources National Women 's History Project http://www.nwhp.org/ Women 's History Month Proclamation , March 2009 http://www.whitehouse.gov/the_press_office/Womens-History-Month-2009/ Highlights in the History of Military Women http://www.womensmemorial.org/Education/timeline.html	March is Women 's History Month These questions and activities help students learn about the history and achievements of women in America These questions and activities can be adapted to accommodate students of different grade levels and learning styles
Washington  CNN  -- Two days before the deadline for a possible U.S. government default , President Barack Obama and congressional leaders reached agreement Sunday on a legislative package that would extend the federal debt ceiling while cutting spending and guaranteeing further deficit-reduction steps . The proposed deal , which still requires congressional approval , brought some immediate relief to global markets closely watching the situation play out and to a nation filled with anger and frustration over partisan political wrangling that threatened further economic harm to an already struggling recovery . However , there is no guarantee the plan will win enough support to pass both chambers of Congress . "  There are still some very important votes to be taken by members of Congress , but I want to announce that the leaders of both parties in both chambers have reached an agreement that will reduce the deficit and avoid default , " Obama said in brief remarks to reporters . Asian markets surge on news | U.S. futures rally Democratic and Republican leaders in both the House and Senate were briefing their caucuses about the agreement on Sunday night and Monday . A Senate Democratic leadership aide told CNN that the Senate planned to vote first on the measure on Monday afternoon , and if the measure passes an expected Republican filibuster attempt , the House could vote on it Monday night . According to information from the White House and a PowerPoint presentation for his colleagues by House Speaker John Boehner , the proposed deal includes $ 2.4 trillion in deficit reduction over 10 years while authorizing an increase in the federal debt ceiling by a slightly smaller amount to allow the government to pay its debts through 2012 . The agreement proposes a two-stage process . In the first stage , it includes $ 917 billion in spending cuts and other deficit reduction now , as well as a $ 900 billion increase in the debt ceiling . Because of the pending Tuesday deadline , Obama would have immediate authority to raise the debt ceiling by $ 400 billion , which will last through September , according to the White House document . For the other $ 500 billion of debt ceiling extension in the first stage , Congress can vote on resolutions of disapproval that , if passed , the president can then veto , the White House said . In the second stage , a special joint committee of Congress will recommend further deficit reduction steps totaling $ 1.5 trillion or more by the end of November , with Congress obligated to vote on the panel 's proposals by the end of the year . If the recommendations are enacted , Obama would be authorized to increase the debt ceiling by up to $ 1.5 trillion -- as long as the additional deficit reduction steps exceed that amount . The president also can get the additional debt ceiling increase if both chambers of Congress pass a balanced budget amendment to the U.S. Constitution in votes to be held by the end of the year . However , Obama would be able to request only up to $ 1.2 trillion in additional debt ceiling if the special congressional committee fails to agree to at least $ 1.2 trillion in cuts . At that point , across-the-board spending cuts would be activated , equal to the difference between the committee 's recommendations and the $ 1.2 trillion in additional debt ceiling . The across-the-board cuts would be split between defense spending and non-defense programs , an unpopular formula intended to inspire legislators to approve the special committee 's recommendations instead of triggering such automatic cuts . In addition , the across-the-board cuts are automatically enacted if Congress fails to pass the special committee 's recommendations . Debt fight shows tea party 's influence - so far "  You want to make it hard for them just to walk away and wash their hands , " Gene Sperling , the director of Obama 's National Economic Council , told CNN earlier Sunday . "  You want them to say , if nothing happens , there will be a very tough degree of pain that will take place . " The White House document said the debt ceiling increase of the second stage also would be subject to a congressional vote of disapproval that can be vetoed . It said the special congressional committee would comprise 12 members -- six from each chamber , equally divided between Democrats and Republicans . The panel 's recommendations would be due by November 23 and guaranteed an up-or-down Senate vote without amendments by December 23 , the White House document said . In an important concession to Democrats , benefits from entitlement programs including Social Security , Medicaid , Medicare and veterans benefits will be exempt . "  Is this the deal I would have preferred ? No , " Obama said . "  I believe that we could have made the tough choices required -- on entitlement reform and tax reform -- right now , rather than through a special congressional committee process . But this compromise does make a serious down payment on the deficit reduction we need , and gives each party a strong incentive to get a balanced plan done before the end of the year . " Boehner also told his caucus the deal represents a compromise , but he also praised his colleagues for moving the focus of the talks in their direction . "  This is n't the greatest deal in the world , " Boehner said , according to excerpts of remarks to his caucus . "  But it shows how much we 've changed the terms of the debate in this town . " Minutes before Obama spoke , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , also announced the deal on the Senate floor and encouraged colleagues to support it . However , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , earlier told reporters that she needs to see "  the final product " in writing before she can decide if she supports it . Pelosi said she would meet with the House Democratic caucus on Monday to discuss the matter . "  I do n't know all the particulars of what the final product is in writing and what the ramifications will be , " Pelosi said , noting the measure will have an impact for a decade or more . Asked about the outcome , she warned : "  We all may not be able to support it or none of us may be able to support it . " If Congress fails to raise the current $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling by Tuesday , Americans could face rising interest rates and a declining dollar , among other problems . Some financial experts have warned of a downgrade of America 's triple-A credit rating and a potential stock market plunge . The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped for a sixth straight day on Friday . Meet the nations in the Triple-A club Zakaria : Damage is already done Without an increase in the debt limit , the federal government will not be able to pay all its bills in August . President Barack Obama recently indicated he ca n't guarantee Social Security checks will be mailed out on time . In Afghanistan on Sunday , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen was unable to assure U.S. troops they would get their paychecks following the Tuesday deadline without a deal . Mullen said August 15 would be the first payday jeopardized if the United States defaults . Last week , a Department of Defense official told CNN on condition of not being identified that "  it 's not a question of whether , but when " military pay gets withheld if no agreement is reached . Sources described a tense day of behind-the-scenes negotiating , with Vice President Joe Biden a prominent figure , one Democratic source told CNN on condition of not being identified . Initial news of a possible deal came shortly after the Senate delayed consideration of a debt ceiling proposal by Reid late Saturday night , pushing back a key procedural vote by 12 hours . When that vote occurred on Sunday afternoon , Republicans blocked a Democratic effort to end debate on the Reid proposal and move to a vote , extending consideration of the plan while negotiations continued . Democratic Sen. Charles Schumer of New York told CNN on Sunday morning that a main sticking point still under discussion was the trigger mechanism of automatic spending cuts in case Congress fails to enact the special committee 's recommendations . The deal includes no tax increases , a key demand of Republicans . Obama has pushed for a comprehensive approach that would include additional tax revenue as well as spending cuts and entitlement reforms to reduce budget deficits , and he told reporters he would continue to do so in coming months as the special committee drafts its recommendations . A recent CNN/ORC International Poll reveals a growing public exasperation and demand for compromise . Sixty-four percent of respondents to a July 18-20 survey preferred a deal with a mix of spending cuts and tax increases . Only 34 % preferred a debt reduction plan based solely on spending reductions . According to the poll , the public is sharply divided along partisan lines ; Democrats and independents are open to a number of different approaches because they think a failure to raise the debt ceiling would cause a major crisis for the country . Republicans , however , draw the line at tax increases , and a narrow majority of them oppose raising the debt ceiling under any circumstances . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Kate Bolduan , Gloria Borger , Keating Holland , Brianna Keilar , Jeanne Sahadi , Xuan Thai , Jessica Yellin , Athena Jones , Lisa Desjardins , Dan Lothian and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama , Boehner both say the deal is n't perfect The agreement calls for more than $ 2.4 trillion in deficit reduction The proposed deal would extend the debt limit through 2012 Congress must raise the $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling by Tuesday or risk default
CNN  Gonzalo is a major hurricane , gaining in strength Tuesday as it pulled away from Puerto Rico and headed toward Bermuda . The hurricane has maximum sustained winds of 115 mph  185 kilometers per hour  , and forecasters believe it will grow into a category 4 storm by the time it approaches Bermuda from the southwest . The National Hurricane Center in Miami said Gonzalo -- if it stays on its current predicted path -- will remain well east of the Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos islands as it moves north over open Atlantic water . There are no hurricane warnings as of Tuesday evening , and the storm is not a threat to the United States , the center said . On Monday , the storm hit the Virgin Islands . Denise Ormaechea , who has lived on St. Martin for 15 years , says she is normally prepared for hurricanes . "  The difference with this one is that it took us by surprise ! " the iReporter said . "  We were told it would be just a tropical storm by 15:00 , and at 17:00 , they declare the hurricane warning . The island was not ready for Gonzalo . " While her home had power and the roof was fine , water came in under the doors and through the windows . "  We had water in the entire house , " she said . Are you there ? Share your images , if you can safely iReporter Greg Hargus lives in St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands . He said residents in his area experienced strong winds on Monday . There were also power outages on the island . CNN 's Dave Hennen and Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report .	Hurricane Gonzalo is a category 3 storm It is expected to gain strength as it moves north over ocean water Gonzalo hit the British Virgin Islands on Monday , causing some power outages
CNN  -- A couple accused of kidnapping of two Amish girls in upstate New York last month was indicted on federal sex exploitation charges Thursday . Nicole Vaisey , 25 , and boyfriend Stephen Howells II , 39 , were named in a five-count indictment in Syracuse . The charges included conspiracy to sexually exploit the two Amish girls along with a third female minor , according to a statement released by U.S. Attorney Richard Hartunian . Howells also was charged with possession of child pornography . The pair had previously been charged with the kidnapping of the two Amish girls -- ages 6 and 12 -- about 50 miles from the Canadian border on August 13 . "  This indictment charges Howells and Vaisey with enticing and coercing children to engage in sexual conduct and making a video recording of it , " Hartunian said in a statement . Vaisey and Howells both face a maximum of 30 years in prison on the sexual exploitation charges against children . Howells faces a maximum of 20 years on the child pornography charge . If convicted , both could be fined up to $ 250,000 on each count . The pair also faces criminal court charges of first-degree kidnapping after luring the young Amish girls into a car with a puppy , authorities in New York 's St. Lawrence County said . Details about the abduction in Oswegatchie emerged during a preliminary hearing in St. Lawrence County in August . Detective Sgt. Brooks Bigwarfe detailed the couples ' alleged plan and kidnapping of the girls , as related to him by Vaisey . Vaisey told investigators that she and Howells were on a "  shopping trip " for "  slaves " when they allegedly kidnapped the girls . "  They had been planning this for several weeks , " Bigwarfe said . The girls were picked up at a vegetable stand outside a family farm . Howells and Vaisey pulled up to the stand in a location where they could n't be seen , and waited for the girls to approach the car , Bigwarfe said . Howells allegedly scouted out the stand the previous week . Howells asked the girls whether they wanted to pet the dog , a Doberman pinscher-golden retriever mix named Kaleidoscope , police said . When the older child grew suspicious , Bigwarfe said , Howells pushed the girls into the back of the car . "  When he started forcing them into the vehicle , they were both screaming and yelling , " Bigwarfe said . The girls were held captive for nearly 24 hours , during which they were handcuffed together , shackled to a bed and sexually abused , according to the sheriff 's department . With widening media coverage , a large police response in the area and an Amber Alert , the couple began to worry and decided it was too risky to keep the girls , he said . Howells abandoned the two girls in an isolated area 12 miles from where they were being held , Bigwarfe said . Attorneys for Vaisey and Howell did not immediately return calls seeking comment . After her August arrest , Vaisey 's attorney , Bradford Riendeau , told CNN that his client was allegedly in a master-slave relationship with Howells and that she was not the mastermind of the planned kidnapping .	Two Amish girls were kidnapped -- and later found -- in upstate New York last month Nicole Vaisey and Stephen Howells II were arrested Prosecutors say the couple conspired to "  sexually exploit " the girls and a third victim The five-count indictment includes one child pornography charge against Howells
RollingStone.com  -- For the past 20 years , a large Guns N ' Roses poster advertising the band 's first tour of England has been hanging in Steven Adler 's living room . "  Every time I have to go to the bathroom I have to walk past it , " says the former Guns N ' Roses drummer . "  I 'd always see it and say to myself , ` One day we 're gon na reunite ! We 're gon na do it ! We 're too good of a team not to do this again . ' " When he returned to Los Angeles this past April after Axl Rose 's no-show at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony , Adler 's attitude started to change . "  Now I walk past it and I say to myself , ` I 'm so glad I was a part of that , ' " he says . " ` That was a great and exciting time of my life . ' It 's nice to appreciate it , but I 'm no longer angry and pining for a reunion . I 'm not angry about it anymore . It 's flushed out of my system . " Right around the time it was becoming clear that Guns N ' Roses were n't going to reform at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , Adler broke up his band Adler 's Appetite . They had spent the past decade touring the world playing a set devoted to Guns N ' Roses classics . "  I told the guys I wanted to do something that was relevant , " he says . "  We played every village around the world . I 'm not talking cities or towns . We played every village . It was time to move on . " Adler 's Appetite played their final gig on New Year 's Eve , and just weeks later , Adler began jamming with singer Jacob Bunton , guitarist Lonny Paul and bassist Johnny Martin . "  It was like God brought them to me , " says Adler . "  It 's just been f *** ing magic . " The new group dubbed themselves Adler , and they cut their debut LP , Back From the Dead , in a matter of weeks . Album Premiere : Steven Adler shares joy on ` Back From the Dead ' Slash came into the studio at one point to play guitar on "  Just Do n't Ask . " "  For me to be a part of Slash 's life , I had to get my life together , " says Adler . "  Slash was proud of me for how I was able to take care of myself . It was so nice to be living in the present with him . The whole thing was like a dream come true . " Adler says he 's been sober since 2008 . "  I work at it every day , " he explains . "  I used to wake up in the morning and say , ` Oh , God . ' Now I wake up in the morning and look forward to life . I work out every morning with my guitarist . " As viewers of VH1 's "  Celebrity Rehab " and "  Sober House " well know , Adler 's road to recovery was extremely rocky . Many have criticized the Dr. Drew show for being exploitative and , in the wake of the deaths of participants Mike Starr , Jeff Conway and Joey Kovar , wondered whether it should be pulled off the air . Adler has no such feelings . "  It was the best thing I ever did for myself , " he says . "  Having the treatment on TV made it easier because the camera does n't lie . You try to bulls ** t your way out of things , but then you watch yourself on camera and you see the truth ... When you 're doing drugs you think you 're 10 feet tall and beautiful . But you ca n't be in denial when there 's a video camera in your face . " For now , Adler is focused entirely on his new band 's first tour . They plan on spending much of the next year playing around the entire globe , and their set will consist almost entirely of new material . "  Out of respect for the fans , we will probably do two Guns N ' Roses songs , " he says . "  We 'll probably do ` Sweet Child O'Mine ' and ` Mr. Brownstone . ' But beyond that it 's all about this band , though in certain countries we 're gon na have to play more than two . We 're going to do some dates with Duff McKagan 's band Loaded in South America , but I do n't think I 'm supposed to talk about that yet . " After the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony , Adler voiced tremendous frustration with Axl Rose , calling him an "  a ** hole " and pledged never to talk about him in public again . Now , he says , "  I 'm not angry with Axl anymore . I love him and I feel blessed that I got to work with him and achieve what I achieved with him . I guess time does heal all wounds . " Adler also regrets labeling the current lineup of Guns N ' Roses "  scabs . " "  I should n't have said that , " he says . "  I 've grown up and matured . Holy crap ! I 've matured in the six months since we last spoke ! " See original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Steven Adler says life is good for him now He had famously feuded with band mate Axl Rose Adler says "  I 'm not angry with Axl anymore "
CNN  -- Edward "  Ned " Kelly packed a lot of living , stealing and killing in his scant 25 years . So much so that Mick Jagger portrayed him in a movie . As did Heath Ledger . Australian artist Sidney Nolan made Ned Kelly the subject of a series of paintings . The cattle rustler , robber and cop killer was hanged in November 1880 after a string of crimes , including the deaths of three police officers in one incident . His reputed last words : "  Such is life . " Australia 's best-known outlaw , or bushranger , was buried in the Old Melbourne Gaol . But his remains became "  lost " after they were transferred to another prison near Melbourne . On Thursday Victoria Attorney General Robert Clark announced the search for the remains was over . Through DNA analysis , Kelly 's headless skeleton has been positively identified . "  To think a group of scientists could identify the body of a man who was executed more than 130 years ago , moved and buried in a haphazard fashion among 33 other prisoners -- most of whom are not identified -- is amazing , " Clark said in a prepared statement . The official credited doctors and scientists at the Victorian Institute of Forensic Medicine . A DNA sample taken from Melbourne schoolteacher Leigh Olver , great-grandson of Kelly 's sister , was instrumental . Opinions on the infamous Kelly and his gang are decidedly mixed , according to the Australian Dictionary of Biography . Some scholars and observers have described the outlaw as cold-blooded and egotistical . Author Clive Turnbull said the son of an Irish immigrant showed courage , independence and sympathy for the underdog . Kelly is an integral part of Australian cultural history , with his defiance of the oppressive British authority of the time striking a chord for many Australians . Kelly was captured and hanged after a shootout with police in the Victorian town of Glenrowan . In the shootout , the gang was wearing suits of homemade armor that had been fashioned from farming implements . In 2001 , the State Library of Victoria purchased a piece of it for $ 100,000  AU $ 200,000  . The library 's collection includes the outlaw 's helmet and breastplate . According to Clark , the outlaw 's remains were among those transferred from the Old Melbourne Gaol to Pentridge Prison in 1929 . The skeletons were exhumed again in 2009 . "  The project required examination of the remains of 34 individuals in total , many of which were co-mingled and incomplete , making the successful identification even more remarkable , " according to Clark . The investigation began when a skull believed to be Kelly 's was given by an individual to officials in 2009 . The skull "  had been taken from the Old Melbourne Gaol in December 1978 where it had been on display next to the death mask of Ned Kelly . An ink inscription ` E. Kelly ' was written on the side . " The skull analysis prompted forensic experts to try to identify Kelly 's skeleton . "  Ned Kelly 's remains turned out to be an almost complete skeleton found buried in a wooden ax box , although most of the skull was missing , " Australian officials said . "  Consultations will commence shortly with Ned Kelly 's family and other parties involved , regarding the appropriate future resting place for Ned Kelly 's remains . " One problem emerged in the process of identifying the remains , however : The skull from the Old Melbourne Gaol was n't a match . That mystery continues .	Ned Kelly is considered by many in Australia to be a folk hero Others have called him a cold-blooded killer His remains have been positively identified ; most of the skull is missing
CNN  -- A Communist Party official in central China 's Henan province was in police custody after authorities said he confessed to raping more than 10 girls , state-run media said Sunday . Li Xingong confessed to the crimes during police questioning and will face "  swift and severe punishment , " according to the Xinhua news agency . Li was the party 's deputy director in Yongcheng city , Xinhua said . The report did not offer additional details , such as the victims ' ages or where the alleged crimes took place .	Li confesses to the crimes , Xinhua reports He was Communist Party 's deputy director in Yongcheng city , report says No details given on victims ' ages
CNN  -- Miss Independent now has her own Little Miss on her hands . Pop music star Kelly Clarkson announced the birth of her daughter , River Rose Blackstock , Saturday on Twitter . "  Thank you everyone for all of your well wishes ! " she wrote . "  Brandon and I are on cloud 9 !! : . " River Rose is the first child for Clarkson , who first shot to fame in 2002 by winning the inaugural season of the hit music talent show "  American Idol . " Her mom has gone on to become one of the country 's most recognizable and renowned singers , who has hits including "  Stronger " and "  Since U Been Gone . " Clarkson married Blackstock , a talent manager and father of two , in October . Clarkson did n't divulge details about the couple 's new child together , besides the fact that the baby was born on Thursday , June 12 .	Kelly Clarkson rose to fame after winning the first season of "  American Idol " She married talent manager Brandon Blackstock in October Clarkson tweets that her daughter , River Rose , was born earlier this week "  Brandon and I are on cloud 9 !! " she writes
CNN  -- He might be counting the days until his departure from Stamford Bridge , but Chelsea manager Rafa Benitez continues to quietly polish his curriculum vitae for future employers . The latest bullet point on a coaching CV -- now in its 20th year -- was Monday 's 1-0 English FA Cup quarterfinal replay win over Chelsea 's fierce rivals Manchester United , as Demba Ba 's cleverly executed volley set up a semifinal against Manchester City at Wembley . Appointed Chelsea 's "  interim " manager following the dismissal of Roberto di Matteo in November with the club 's European Champions League title defense in tatters , Benitez has had to work against a backdrop of toxic fan discontent and increasing speculation that Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho will return to Stamford Bridge at the end of this season . Unhappy about club owner Roman Abramovich 's decision to appoint the Spaniard , who has previously managed Valencia , Liverpool and Inter Milan , a number of fans have been extremely vocal in their dislike of Benitez . As well as abusive chanting , some fans have even come to Stamford Bridge brandishing homemade banners -- "  Rafael Bentez , we 're just not in ter im " and "  Rafa Bentez , not wanted , never wanted . " Trophy chase Out of work for two years after his dismissal by Inter , Benitez has ploughed on regardless as he rebuilds his career . The win over United ensures the 52-year-old will lead a club out at Wembley for the first time in his career . Benitez won the FA Cup with Liverpool in 2006 , but the final was played in Cardiff while Wembley was being redeveloped . Chelsea 's vctory on Monday ended United 's hopes of winning the double -- securing both the English Premier League and the FA Cup , a trophy the Manchester side have won a record 11 times . Given Benitez 's notoriously testy relationship with United manager Alex Ferguson , he could be forgiven for giving himself a quiet pat on the back for sending the FA Cup competition 's most successful side packing from Stamford Bridge . In the original tie at United 's Old Trafford ground , Chelsea had to come from two goals behind to secure a 2-2 draw . In the replay , Benitez 's deployment of Ba , Eden Hazard and Juan Mata up front proved key -- as did Petr Cech 's superb one-handed save to deny Javier Hernandez 's header to keep Chelsea ahead in the game . "  I am really pleased because the players were doing a great job , " Benitez told UK match broadcaster ITV . "  Manchester United are a very good team and we did really well . We have good balance between the defense and midfielders . Physically you could see one or two challenges we could not cope but with the ball we were much better . "  It was a fantastic goal by Demba Ba but everyone 's performance was really pleasing . Petr Cech made some good saves but at the end of the day we deserved to win . " Inspiration from the heavens The win ensured Benitez could still end up winning two trophies this season . The other is the second-tier Europa League , into which Chelsea dropped after becoming the first Champions League winner to be eliminated at the group stage the following season . The Blues now face Russian side Rubin Kazan in the first leg of their quarterfinal on Thursday as Benitez seeks to add to his 2004 success with Valencia when the competition was known as the UEFA Cup . "  I won trophies in three different countries , " Benitez told the Independent newspaper on Saturday as he defended his Chelsea managerial tenure . "  They ca n't say ` Rafa does n't know what he is doing . ' Just see the CV . It 's not just inspiration from the heavens . " Ferguson was magnaminous enough to admit that Benitez 's Chelsea had given his own team plenty to think about tactically -- specifically January signing Ba , Hazard and Mata , whose clever pass set up the winning goal . "  We spoke about Demba Ba , with the players ' experience of playing against him when he played for Newcastle , " said Ferguson . "  He scored that exact type of goal against us a while back  for Newcastle  and we were caught napping . "  Their counter attack caused a few problems , especially with their players like Mata and Hazard . Fortunately we did not concede another goal but I could n't really see us scoring ourselves . " Ferguson and United are now left to concentrate on their pursuit of a 20th league title , which should be a shoo-in give their 15-point advantage over second-placed Manchester City with just eight games to play , ahead of their derby clash on April 8 . Chelsea are fourth in the Premier League , two points head of Arsenal , in the race to qualify for next season 's Champions League .	Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in FA Cup quarterfinal replay Demba Ba volley ends Manchester United 's Double hopes Chelsea still have chance to win two trophies - FA Cup and Europa League
With just two weeks before the health care exchanges open and the Affordable Care Act really kicks in , the only thing that 's clear about the law is that Americans are totally confused about what it does . Two polls released this week paint a dismal picture for those of us who consider it our job to explain what health care reform means to the public . The first , from the Wall Street Journal and NBC News , showed that almost 70 % of people do n't understand what Obamacare is or that they understand only a part of it . While 31 % thought it was a good idea , 44 % thought it was a bad one . The remaining 25 % were n't sure . It gets worse . When the poll specifically looked at the uninsured -- which Obamacare is specifically designed to help -- more than three-quarters of them said they did n't understand how the law would affect them . Another poll , from the Pew Research Center and USA Today , found that 53 % of Americans disapprove of Obamacare , compared with 42 % who approve . In this poll , though , only a third said they had little or no understanding of how the law would affect them . Almost half of people thought that health exchanges would not be available in their state . While Obamacare is complicated , our understanding of it does n't have to be so . This is what Obamacare will do : Most Americans already get health insurance from their jobs , Medicaid , Medicare or the Department of Veterans Affairs . The vast majority of those people will continue to do so . But starting in 2014 , people without health insurance will get insured in one of two ways . If they are very poor -- making less than 133 % of the poverty line -- then they will get Medicaid through the expansion of the program . That is , if their state has opted to participate in the program . If their state has not , then they may continue to be uninsured . The rest of the people without health insurance will go to the exchanges to get it . There , they can choose from plans with different levels of co-payments and deductibles , according to how much they want to spend . If they make less than 400 % of the poverty line , they will get a tax credit or subsidy to help with the cost . No one can be denied health insurance anymore , and no one can be charged more for being sick . All the plans are from private insurance , and they 're going to compete for your business . Complete coverage : Health care in America There are other bells and whistles , but that 's Obamacare in a nutshell . If you ask me , I think Obamacare will do more good than harm . Many uninsured Americans are unable to get insurance in the market as it exists today , especially if they have chronic conditions . Those who can afford to often pay a fortune for it . Obamacare is a solution to these problems . While a relatively small number of people will see their rates go up , they 're mostly young , healthy people making more than 400 % of the poverty line . The vast majority -- more than 90 % of people getting their insurance in the exchanges -- will get subsidies to make their insurance more affordable . Plus , now everyone , even if they 're young and healthy at the moment , will be protected if they or a member of their family gets sick or when they grow old . There are places you can go right now to get more information . For instance , you can visit www.healthcare.gov . At that website , by answering a few questions , you can see what options will be available to you starting October 1 . After that date , you will be taken to your state 's exchange , where you will be able to get actual information about plans and sign up for them . Coverage will start January 1 . Originally , Obamacare was expected to come with more than half a billion dollars to be spent on outreach and education efforts about the exchanges . This money was supposed to be used to help people understand how Obamacare was supposed to work for everyone . But the Republican-led House of Representatives cut the whole implementation budget . When Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius was further forced to move what little money remained in the PR budget into the Prevention Public Health Fund  which was also cut  , Sen. Max Baucus , one of the main architects of Obamacare , got upset . He remarked that the law was complicated and that we would get a "  train wreck . " Many leapt on this comment and proclaimed that even Baucus thought the law was a mess . But that 's not what he said . He meant that if people did n't understand how it worked , then it would be a mess . At the moment , his prediction could still come true . The latest polls show that , as he feared , too few people understand how Obamacare functions . But there 's still time . It will take a lot of outreach and a lot of elbow grease , but supporters of the law believe they are up to the task . Time will tell . October 1 is approaching fast .	Polls indicate that many Americans are very confused about what Obamacare is Aaron Carroll : With two weeks before the health exchanges open , here 's what it does He says starting in 2014 , people without health insurance will get insured in one of two ways Carroll : No one can be denied health insurance ; no one can be charged more for being sick
CNN  -- Alarming findings related to women 's safety have come to light with the release of a Thomson Reuters Foundation survey that looks at harassment on public transportation systems in the world 's largest cities . According to the new report , six in 10 women in major Latin American cities report they 've been physically harassed while using transport systems , with Bogota , Colombia , found to have the most unsafe public transportation , followed by Mexico City and Lima , Peru . At the other end of the safety spectrum , New York was rated as the best of the 16 cities studied followed by Tokyo , the world 's largest capital with 38 million people , then Beijing and London . The poll was conducted in 15 of the world 's largest capitals , as well as New York , the most populous city in the United States , in collaboration with UK polling company YouGov . Here are the results , from ranked from worst to best : 1 . Bogota , Colombia 2 . Mexico City 3 . Lima , Peru 4 . New Delhi 5 . Jakarta , Indonesia 6 . Buenos Aires 7 . Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia 8 . Bangkok 9 . Moscow 10 . Manila , Philippines 11 . Paris 12 . Seoul 13 . London 14 . Beijing 15 . Tokyo 16 . New York In total , 6,555 women and experts were surveyed . Results are based on the respondents ' answers as well as surveys of experts in women 's rights , gender equality , urban planning and gender-friendly urban spaces in each of the cities . The Thomson Reuters Foundation said polling could not be conducted in five other large capitals -- Cairo , Dhaka  Bangladesh  , Kinshasa  Democratic Republic of the Congo  , Tehran and Baghad -- due to conflict or an inability by polling company YouGov to guarantee the necessary online sample of women . The group says it did survey 10 experts in Cairo , the world 's fifth largest capital , but those findings were not included in the overall ranking as YouGov could not carry out the public poll . Had they been included , it would have put Cairo in the top five most dangerous transport systems , said the Thomson Reuters Foundation . What constitutes harassment ? The foundation says the survey was conducted in many different cultures , and allowed respondents to judge what constituted harassment in their own society . Women were asked six questions relating to : how safe they felt traveling alone at night ; the risk of being verbally harassed by men ; the risk of being groped or subjected to other forms of physical harassment ; trust that other passengers would assist a woman being physically or verbally abused ; and trust in authorities to investigate reports of sexual harassment or violence . Have you been harassed ? Share your experience in an open letter In Moscow , respondents reportedly had little confidence that authorities would investigate an abuse report , while 85 % of Paris women doubted fellow public transport users would come to their rescue if they were in trouble . In an accompanying Thompson Reuters Foundation report based on the survey , Mary Crass , head of policy at the International Transport Forum , an OECD think tank , said it was worrying that women were scared to use public transport in some major cities and the poll highlighted the need for more action . "  When there is not frequent , reliable , accessible transport , this can affect women and anyone 's ability to access opportunity and notably employment in urban areas , which can make a big difference for women in particular , " she said . "  Women  tend to be more reliant on public transport and on non-motorized means , particularly in low-income or middle-income countries , in emerging economies . " Women-only cars a short-term fix , say experts Tokyo 's high standing may come as a surprise to those familiar with the highly publicized problems women have faced when riding Japanese subways , with widespread reports of groping consistently making headlines . The Thompson Reuters Foundation said experts attributed Tokyo 's second place ranking to a raft of measures taken in the city over recent years to combat such incidents in often overcrowded buses and trains . These include the introduction of women-only trains in 2000 , which are color-coded in pink , and transit police to enforce rules . Women-only sections on public transport are now also found in Jakarta , Kuala Lumpur , Delhi , Cairo and Manila . Thomson Reuters Foundation said other cities , including London , are considering this option and introducing CCTV on platforms and improving lighting . However , gender and city planning experts have raised concerns over whether women-only transport is effective . Julie Babinard , senior transport specialist from the World Bank , says they 're a short term fix and not a panacea for harassment of women . "  The emerging interest in several countries on women-only initiatives should be seen as an opportunity for improving security in cities but not as a silver bullet for dealing with gender-based violence in transportation and urban settings , " Babinard told the Thomson Reuters Foundation . "  Women-only initiatives are not likely to provide long-term solutions as they only segregate by gender and provide a short-term remedy instead of addressing more fundamental issues . " Although experts remain critical of single-sex transport , most women favored the idea , according to the survey .	Thomson Reuters Foundation says six in 10 women in major Latin American cities report having been physically harassed while using transport systems Bogota , Colombia , found to have the most unsafe public transport , followed by Mexico City and Lima New York rated as the best of the 16 cities followed by Tokyo , Beijing and London
CNN  -- Marc Marquez tied the 1997 record of Australian legend Mick Doohan for most wins in a MotoGP season with victory Sunday in a thrilling Malaysian Grand Prix . It was the 12th win of the season for Repsol Honda 's Marquez , who has already wrapped up his second straight world title . He had a race long battle with the Movistar Yamaha pair of Valentino Rossi and Jorge Lorenzo , who completed the podium in Sepang . The 21-year-old Marquez slipped to as low as ninth after a poor start from pole , but the Spaniard quickly worked his way back through the field , taking the lead for good on the 11th lap . Rossi , who won last week in Australia after Marquez crashed out , tracked him for the remainder of the race but finished 2.445 seconds adrift at the checkered flag . Italian legend Rossi has a 12-point advantage over his teammate Lorenzo in the battle for second place in the championship , heading into the final round in Valencia . Marquez will get the chance to beat Doohan 's record on home soil and it is a prospect which thrills him . "  I 've equaled Mick Doohan 's record , with one race left maybe I can beat it , " he told the official MotoGP website . "  If I had a bad result here the pressure in Valencia would be more . But now I am free in Valencia and I can do well for my fans and just enjoy it , " he added . Marquez 's teammate , Dani Pedrosa , saw his hopes ended by going off twice and he could not complete the race . The leading three were followed home , at some distance , by Germany 's Stefan Bradl on a Honda and young British rider Bradley Smith on a Yamaha Tech 3 . Smith 's teammate , Pol Espargaro of Spain , came in sixth despite breaking a bone in his left foot in a fall during practice Saturday . Meanwhile , in the world rallying championship , Sebastien Ogier of France retained his global title with victory in the Rally of Spain Sunday . Ogier took the honors ahead of Volkswagen teammate Jari-Mari Latvala of Finland , the only man who could have denied him the title . Another Finn , Mikko Hirvonen , in a Ford Fiesta RS , was third . It was the seventh win in 12 rounds for the 30-year-old Ogier , who is only the fifth driver to achieve back-to-back title triumphs .	Marc Marquez wins Malaysian MotoGP in Sepang 12th win of season for two-time world champion Ties all-time record held by Mick Doohan of Australia from 1997 Sebastien Ogier clinches world rally title with victory in Spain
Beijing  CNN  -- The conspicuous absence from public view of China 's presumptive next top leader is adding new uncertainty to the succession plan for the normally secretive Communist leadership . For ten days , Vice President Xi Jinping has dropped off the radar of state-run domestic news media , which usually meticulously record official activities of senior leaders . Xi is widely expected to succeed President Hu Jintao as the head of the ruling Communist Party next month before assuming the presidency early next year in a once-in-a-decade power transition . Party chiefs jockey for power ahead of leadership jamboree The mystery of what is keeping him out of the spotlight at such a time has provoked growing speculation in a political atmosphere already rife with intrigue following the scandal that brought down the high-profile party official Bo Xilai earlier this year . Xi 's absence was first noticed September 5 , when he abruptly canceled meetings with visiting U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , as well as other foreign dignitaries including the Singaporean prime minister , Lee Hsien Loong . U.S. officials said their Chinese counterparts had blamed a "  scheduling conflict " for the cancellation . Chinese officials declined to provide an explanation . Then Ta Kung Pao , a pro-Beijing newspaper in Hong Kong , reported that Xi would meet the Danish prime minister , Helle Thorning-Schmidt , on Monday and journalists were invited to cover the occasion . When CNN called the Chinese Foreign Ministry to inquire about the event , a displeased official , who declined to be identified , said , "  If you do n't see an event listed on our website , then it 's not public and there is no need to call . " Monday has come and gone -- and Xi remains nowhere to be seen , adding fuel to an Internet firestorm running on rumors and gossip . Despite the Chinese censors ' best efforts to ban discussion of the subject , unsubstantiated theories have proliferated online , with wild plot lines ranging from a car crash to an assassination attempt . Who are the next generation of Chinese leaders ? Less fantastical are suggestions by some observers and media reports that Xi 's absence from the public eye is the result of a health problem such as a back injury or a mild stroke . Rather than deflate the speculation with an official explanation , the Chinese authorities have so far remained silent . A spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry , Hong Lei , has dodged questions on the subject several days in a row . Major news websites like Netease dug up week-old photos of Xi on Monday and republished official accounts of his last public appearance on September 1 . Sporting a dark suit and a purple tie , the 59-year-old leader looked well and was seen addressing students of the Central Party School in Beijing . Regardless of the cause of his subsequent absence , some analysts say the current frenzied speculation highlights the shortcomings of the Chinese authorities ' stonewalling approach to the subject . "  In most countries including in Asia , people are entitled to know the health of their leaders , but in China this is still regarded as state secrets , " said Willy Lam , a longtime China watcher who teaches politics and history at universities in Hong Kong and Japan . "  The Chinese leadership is worried about social stability , " echoed David Zweig , a seasoned China observer and a professor at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . "  But nothing creates greater social instability than this kind of lack of information about the leadership . " Already , China 's leadership transition this year has been marred by extraordinary twists and turns . In April , Bo Xilai , once considered to be among party royalty and a fast-rising star within the party , was stripped of his leadership positions for an unspecified "  breach of party discipline . " He has not been seen publicly since . Disgraced Party chief looms large over China 's leadership Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , was convicted last month of murdering Neil Heywood , a British businessman , and received a suspended death sentence . And Bo 's former police chief , Wang Lijun , whose attempt in February to seek asylum in a U.S. Consulate triggered the scandal , was charged last week with defection and bribe-taking . Wang is awaiting trial . Although most analysts agree the all-important 18th Communist Party Congress -- the meeting where a new generation of leaders , headed by Xi , is expected to be confirmed -- will be held in the middle of next month , the authorities have not announced the dates for the gathering of some 2,200 party delegates from around the country . "  More questions are now being asked about the transparency of Chinese politics since everything is in a black box , " said Lam . Observers say the official silence could also signal last-minute negotiations among senior political figures before they present a facade of unity to the public . The current generation of leaders has been particularly sensitive to maintaining a united front since 1989 , when the party hierarchy split over how to deal with pro-democracy protests in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square . "  Xi Jinping is already projected to be a weak leader because he does n't have a power base of his own , " said Lam , who predicted Hu Jintao will remain the head of the Chinese military for two to three years after relinquishing his party and state titles to Xi . "  Hu could be the ultimate winner here -- he will be the power behind the throne . "	Xi Jinping has n't been seen in public for more than a week and speculation is growing He is expected to succeed President Hu Jintao to become the next president of China His absence , including missing a meeting with Hillary Clinton , has stoked rumors Chinese officials declined to give an explanation and refuse to discuss the matter
CNN  -- The parents of a Washington state woman who admitted making up a story about an assailant throwing caustic liquid in her face told reporters Friday that they do n't know why their daughter inflicted her own wounds . "  She 's obviously dealing with some deep internal , emotional and psychological problems that we had no knowledge of , and we hope that she 'll get the help that she needs , " said Nancy Neuwelt , mother of 28-year-old Bethany Storro . "  She 's got a long road ahead of her , but she 's on the road , and we 're going to walk it with her . " Joe and Nancy Neuwelt said there were no signs of trouble leading up to the August 30 incident , after which Storro originally told police she had been attacked by an African-American woman with an athletic build and slicked-back hair pulled into a pony tail . On Thursday , Storro admitted her injuries were self-inflicted , Vancouver police said . The Neuwelts said they had no reason to doubt their daughter 's story -- as "  any good parents would " -- until Storro confessed on Thursday . "  Now she can begin to heal because the truth has been revealed , " Nancy Neuwelt said . She decribed her daughter as very sorry for the pain she caused the city -- which is across the Oregon border from Portland -- and those close to her . Police would not speculate on Storro 's motives , only saying the incident did not occur as she described and that there were discrepancies in her account , including wearing sunglasses in the evening . "  She is very remorseful . In many ways it got bigger than she expected , " police Cmdr. Marla Schuman said Thursday . After the incident , Vancouver searched for an assailant . Police spent hundreds of hours on the case , and the community came together to offer donations for Storro 's treatment . Joe Neuwelt said all money would be returned . He said he and his wife were "  deeply sorry " that people had been duped . Storro was released from an Oregon hospital September 5 after undergoing surgery for her injuries . Prosecuters will decide whether or not to charge Storro , police said .	Parents say they were unaware their daughter had ` psychological problems ' Bethany Storro has admitted to lying about acid attack that damaged her face Storro 's mother says her daughter can begin to heal now that truth is revealed Father says any donations for medical treatment will be returned
Atlanta  CNN  -- Defendants with limited English-language skills have a constitutional right to court interpreters in criminal trials , the Supreme Court of Georgia ruled Monday . The ruling came in a case involving a Mandarin Chinese speaker who was sentenced to 10 years in prison on two counts of cruelty to a child . Annie Ling , who had limited English language skills , did not understand that she had the option to plead guilty instead of going to trial and possibly facing a longer sentence , said the American Civil Liberties Union , one of two groups that filed a friend-of-the-court brief stating that denying a defendant an interpreter violates the U.S. Constitution and civil rights laws . "  The court acknowledged that we do n't have two systems of justice in this country -- one for English speakers and another for everyone else , " said Azadeh Shahshahani , director of the National Security/Immigrants ' Rights Project at the ACLU of Georgia . "  The constitutional guarantee of due process applies to everyone in this country , not just fluent English speakers . " Ling was arrested and charged with two counts of cruelty to a child . Her children were removed from the home and placed in foster care , according to court documents . After a 2008 trial , Ling was convicted of one count of cruelty to a child , and sentenced to 15 years , with 10 to serve in prison . The conviction was appealed to the Georgia Supreme Court . The court agreed with the brief , in which the Legal Aid Society-Employment Law Center joined with the ACLU , that the Sixth Amendment and the due process clause of the 14th Amendment guarantee the defendant the right to an interpreter . The Georgia Supreme Court also instructed all Georgia state courts to practice "  vigilance in protecting the rights of non-English-speakers . "	Defendant says she did not understand her options The ACLU says the case violated the Constitution The woman was sentenced to 10 years in the 2008 case
The parents of Michael Brown , a Missouri teen killed by police , testified before a U.N. committee Tuesday because they want the world to know "  what 's going on in Ferguson . " Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr. spoke to the United Nations Committee Against Torture -- which also works against cruel or degrading treatment or punishment by government authorities . "  We need the world to know what 's going on in Ferguson and we need justice , " McSpadden told CNN in Geneva , Switzerland . Gov. Jay Nixon : Protest violence ` can not be repeated ' "  We need answers and we need action . And we have to bring it to the U.N. so they can expose it to the rest of the world , what 's going on in small town Ferguson . " Accounts differ as to what led to the August shooting of Brown , an unarmed black 18-year-old , by a white police officer . What happened when Michael Brown met Officer Darren Wilson While their testimony to the committee took place behind closed doors , the delegation that organized their trip said the couple would read from a statement submitted by the Brown family and organizations called HandsUpUnited , the Organization for Black Struggle , and Missourians Organizing for Reform and Empowerment . The document says Brown 's killing and force used by police officers during protests that followed the killing "  represent violations of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment . " Read the full statement It requests that the U.N. panel recommend the immediate arrest of Officer Darren Wilson , who killed Brown , as well as an end to "  racial profiling and racially-biased police harassment across the jurisdictions surrounding Ferguson . " Ferguson authorities have repeatedly denied similar accusations in the past . The statement also calls for recommendations that would apply to the entire United States , including that the attorney general and Department of Justice "  must conduct a nationwide investigation of systematic police brutality and harassment in black and brown communities , and youth in particular . Methodology and findings of this investigation must be made publicly available . " Gun sales spike as Ferguson area braces for grand jury decision Attorneys : Time for ` global intervention ' In a statement , the Browns ' attorney 's office said the couple planned to "  testify on behalf of many supporters who join in the appeal for global intervention in the way policing currently functions in America . " Their trip to Geneva marked the first time out of the United States for the couple , CNN affiliate KSDK reported . "  We 've been received very well , " McSpadden told CNN . "  They 've given us a lot of love and support since we 've been here . Everything seems to be positive . It 's a great experience . " Michael Brown Sr. said he and his wife were offering "  an outlook on what 's going on in the United States and all over the world with the police , police brutality , no justice . " Speaking of what life has been like since the killing , he said , "  It 's a situation where I 'm surprised we have n't even lost our mind yet over this . But we 're being strong . Hopefully , justice will prevail . " The trip came as the parents , and many people throughout the United States , brace for the results of grand jury deliberations -- which will determine whether Wilson , 28 , is indicted . The trip was organized by the U.S. Human Rights Network , which is based in New York and Atlanta , KSDK reported . "  Traditionally , if you look at the history of the Convention Against Torture , this is the correct location for claims of police violence , " St. Louis University Assistant Professor Justin Hansford , one of the co-authors of the brief , told KSDK . The Committee Against Torture "  is the body of 10 independent experts that monitors implementation of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment by its State parties , " the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights says on its website .	The Browns ' statement to the U.N. Committee Against Torture calls for the officer 's arrest "  We 've been received very well , " Brown 's mother says of the trip to Geneva "  I 'm surprised we have n't even lost our mind , " Brown 's father says "  We need answers and we need action , " Brown 's mother says
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras pleaded for calm Thursday after rising anger at Greece 's right-wing Golden Dawn party exploded into violence in a working-class Athens suburb . "  This is not a time for internal fighting , nor for tension , " Samaras said in the televised speech . "  Any political differences should be resolved through democratic dialogue , not fiery arguments , nor violence , no matter where it stems from . " On Wednesday , crowds protesting the earlier stabbing death of a popular anti-fascist figure in Keratsini -- allegedly at the hands a Golden Dawn supporter -- hurled rocks at police and burned trash bins outside their station . The clashes came despite police raids of Golden Dawn offices and the arrest of a 45-year-old party supporter who police say admitted killing Pavlos Fyssas , a well-known hip-hop artist with the stage name Killah P. Fyssas ' death inflamed already growing concerns about the rising influence of Golden Dawn , an ultranationalist , anti-immigration party that has been linked to street violence and neo-Nazism . In 2012 , the party rode a wave of dissatisfaction among some Greeks over internationally imposed austerity measures amid the country 's deep financial crisis , winning 7 % of the vote and gaining seats in parliament for the first time . Golden Dawn MP Ilias Kassidiaris denied his party 's involvement in Fyssas ' death , calling it a "  heinous crime . " He accused politicians of "  exploiting a tragic event to win votes and divide Greek society . " The singer 's death has nevertheless led to renewed calls to ban Golden Dawn . Greek Public Order Minister Nikos Dendias described the killing as an "  abominable murder ... by an attacker who , according to his own statement , sympathizes with Golden Dawn , thus illustrating in the most obvious way the intentions of neo-Nazism . " Dendias said the government is looking to amend the country 's criminal code to make it easier to prosecute political attacks and better define what constitutes an "  armed gang . " Deputy Prime Minister Evangelos Venizelos , whose socialist Pasok party is part of the governing coalition , said Golden Dawn "  must be dealt with as a criminal organization . " And an Austrian member of the European Parliament , Hannes Swoboda , also urged lawmakers to ban the party "  Golden Dawn 's openly xenophobic , neo-Nazi hatred goes as far as murdering political opponents . This is shocking and intolerable by any standards , and more so in a European Union country , " he said . In his speech Thursday , Samaras called Fyssas ' death an "  inhuman assassination " and said the government is "  determined to not allow the descendants of the Nazis to poison our social life , to commit crimes , terrorize and undermine the foundations of the country that gave birth to democracy . "	Prime minister calls for calm after clashes in an Athens suburb Leftist protesters clashed with police after the death of a popular anti-fascist figure A nationalist Golden Dawn party supporter is accused of killing leftist activist Pavlos Fyssas Government leaders renew calls to ban the party , which has grown in influence
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy was confirmed as winner of the Race to Dubai Sunday despite not lifting a club in anger for six weeks . Victory for American Brooks Koepka in the Turkish Airlines Open -- at the expense of McIlroy 's nearest challengers Marcel Siem , Jamie Donaldson and Sergio Garcia -- left the Northern Irishman with an unassailable lead ahead of the DP World Tour Championships in Dubai later this week . It is the second time in three years that McIlroy has ended the season as European number one , having claimed two major titles and a lucrative World Golf Championship event . But eyebrows were raised when the 25-year-old McIlroy said he would sit out the WGC-HSBC Champions and BMW Masters tournaments in China to prepare for a court battle against his former management company . With such a big lead after his earlier triumphs , the world number one judged he afford to miss out on more big pay days , his last appearance on the European Tour coming with a second place at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship in the first week of October . Germany 's Siem , who won the BMW Masters event , made a brave attempt to win in Turkey to keep the race alive . He started the final round Sunday just a shot off the lead , but could only card a closing 71 to finish tied eighth , with Donaldson 19th and Garcia 25th . Koepka , who lives in Florida , clinched his first European Tour victory with a superb closing 65 on the Montgomerie Maxx Royal course at Antalya to finish 17 under par . It left him a shot clear of England 's Ian Poulter , who was left to rue a missed six-foot birdie putt on the 18th to force a playoff . Henrik Stenson of Sweden finished third to move into second in the Race to Dubai standings , but 2,726,514 points behind McIlroy , with 1,666,600 on offer to the winner in Dubai next Sunday . McIlroy will go in search of a search of a second win in three years at Jumeirah Golf Estates , delighted to have wrapped up the Harry Vardon Trophy , awarded to the player who finishes the season as Europe 's top player . "  This has obviously been the best season of my career by a long way , and to win the Race to Dubai for the second time really is something truly special , " he told the official European Tour website . "  That four-week spell over the summer , from the British Open to the US PGA Championship , would have to be the best golf of my life , so I feel like I 've really earned the Race to Dubai . " The top 60 players in the Race to Dubai after this week 's tournament , with Koepka up to sixth , will play in the $ 8 million end of season finale .	Brooks Koepka wins Turkish Open title Holds off Ian Poulter by a shot at Antalya Rory McIlroy confirmed as winner of Race to Dubai McIlroy 's main challengers needed to win in Turkey to prolong race
ALSIP , Illinois  CNN  -- Four people face felony charges after authorities discovered that hundreds of graves were dug up and allegedly resold at a historic African-American cemetery near Chicago , Illinois , authorities said Thursday . Dozens of graves at Burr Oak Cemetery were desecrated by workers as part of a financial scheme , authorities say . Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart said the four would resell the plots in Burr Oak Cemetery in Alsip , excavate the graves , dump the remains and pocket the cash . "  This was not done in a very , very delicate way , folks , " he told reporters at a news conference Thursday . "  They would excavate a grave and would proceed to dump the remains wherever they found a place to do it in the back of the cemetery . This was not moving graves ; this was not replacing graves ; this was dumping of them . " In some cases , graves were stacked on top of each other , they "  literally pounded the other one down , " Dart said . In all about 300 graves may have been dug up in the cemetery , he said . Authorities identified those charged as Carolyn Towns , an office manager for the cemetery ; and Keith Nicks , Terrance Nicks and Maurice Daley , all gravediggers . Each has been charged with dismembering a human body , a felony charge for which sentences range from 6 to 30 years , Anita Alvarez , Cook County state 's attorney , said at the news conference . Steven Watkins , an attorney for Towns , said his client is innocent . "  Somebody is apparently making false accusations against my client , " he said . "  She 's maintaining her innocence . " The Cook County state attorney 's office said the other three charged were being represented by the public defender 's office , and a message left at that office was not immediately returned . Bail was set at $ 250,000 for Towns and $ 200,000 for the other three , Alvarez said . None had posted bail by late afternoon Thursday , the sheriff 's department said . Watch officials announce the charges " It was not immediately known if the four had legal counsel . Authorities began investigating the cemetery -- where , among others , lynching victim Emmett Till , blues legend Dinah Washington and some Negro League baseball players are buried -- about six weeks ago after receiving a call from its owners who had concerns about possible "  financial irregularities " regarding the business , Dart told CNN earlier this week . "  This crime , it 's a whole new dimension , " Alvarez said . Authorities also suspect that Towns pretended to set up a memorial fund for Till and pocketed the funds , Dart said . Watch sheriff discuss gruesome revelation " He told CNN that groundskeepers , who have not been implicated in the scheme , have said that the grave of Till -- whose 1955 lynching at age 14 helped spark the civil rights movement -- has not been disturbed . The Rev. Jesse Jackson , who was also at the news conference , noted the high-profile names of some of those buried in the cemetery , but said , "  everybody here is special , and every family has special needs and special hurt , special grief . " Most of the excavations occurred in back lots , where the plots were older and not frequently visited , Dart said earlier this week . However , other plots may have been disturbed , as well . The cemetery 's current owners , who could not be reached by CNN for comment , have operated it for more than five years but are not believed to be involved in the alleged scam , Dart said . He said the workers may have doctored records to cover their tracks and noted that the cemetery holds all the records of who is buried and where . "  There 's virtually no regulations whatsoever  for cemeteries  , " Dart said . "  Most all of the documents and everything are housed here . " Investigators are trying to determine the scope of the alleged scheme and plan to use thermal-imaging devices to further examine other graves to see if they have been tampered with , Dart said . The FBI , forensic scientists and local funeral directors have been called in to help in the investigation , he said . "  I do n't even know what to tell you about the heartbreaking stories that I 've been hearing from people , crying hysterically that they 're going through the burial for the second time today , " he said . "  And they 're looking for answers and we 're sitting there telling them , ` This is going to be very difficult , " he said . "  We 're trying to bring closure , but it 's going to take a long time to do that . " CNN 's Katherine Wojtecki and Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	NEW : Cemetery office manager , three gravediggers charged NEW : Rev. Jesse Jackson says there should be "  special place in hell " for suspects NEW : About 300 graves may have been dug up , sheriff says Emmett Till , other prominent African-Americans buried at cemetery
CNN  One night in early October 2014 I woke up at 2 a.m. and began watching Vital Signs on CNN International . The show was about the future of cancer treatment through immunotherapy -- a topic close to my heart . In 2012 , I was diagnosed with stage 3c ovarian cancer , at age 52 . As I watched Dr. Sanjay Gupta interview doctors , researchers and two patients at Yale New Haven Medical Center/Smilow Cancer Center , I decided , then and there , that I wanted to be in a research trial . Some days in our lives are memorable . We all prefer the good days , marriages , births , and graduations . June 8 , 2012 was not one of those days for me . That was the day I was diagnosed . I went immediately from being a lawyer , mother , and wife -- taking care of everyone -- to being a professional patient . Before diagnosis , I did not know approximately 21,000 women are diagnosed with ovarian cancer annually in the United States , and 14,500 women die from this disease . That 's 40 per day and 1200 per month . I am positive for the BRCA genetic mutation , inherited via my father who carried the mutation in his genes . Women like me , with this mutation , have a 50 % chance of getting ovarian cancer in their lifetime . While women with breast cancer have a 90 % five-year survival rate , women with ovarian cancer have a 45 % five-year survival rate . As there is no test to find it at an early stage when it is most treatable , it 's most often found in the late stage  stage 3 or 4  when it is difficult to treat and life expectancy is at its lowest -- 2.5 years on average , But I am now exceeding that average . I had seen my gynecologist eight weeks before diagnosis and had a pap smear  which does not test for ovarian cancer  and a pelvic exam , which were clear . Over the next few weeks I began to experience bloating , decreased appetite , back pain , and frequent urination . I had all the classic symptoms but was not seeing what they were -- signs of ovarian cancer . I had n't paid attention because I was busy running my practice and my home . Busy with life . Suddenly , June 6 , I could not urinate properly . My GP examined me and scheduled a CT scan the following day . Then on June 8 came the tornado named cancer . Surgery was June 11 . After nine days , collapsed veins from IVs , and losing over 20 pounds of ascities -- a fluid produced by the cancer -- I was released from the hospital and allowed a few weeks to heal . The pathology report showed I had low-grade epithelial cancer which is notoriously difficult to treat . I have a less than 35 % chance of living through the next five years . Unfortunately , there has been no breakthrough drug for ovarian cancer treatment in more than 20 years . My treatment began with chemotherapy -- three weeks on , one week off . The drugs Carboplatin and Taxol were infused into my body . I spent the weeks off trying to clear my "  chemo brain " and raise my blood levels . I went through six of these cycles spanning July to December 2012 . The treatment appeared to be effective , but by May 2013 , I was back on chemo ,  this time with Doxil and Avastin  . After 16 cycles , in August 2014 , this too had stopped working . I was faced with the difficult decision of whether to try treatment that would further deplete me , or enter a clinical trial . I knew I needed a new approach to my treatment and then the night came when I saw the show . The next day I called Yale and learned a new ovarian cancer trial was about to start for which I might be eligible . They were seeking five patients and my timing appeared to be perfect . Within four weeks I had cleared all the testing and began the trial . My form of cancer made me eligible as it releases certain proteins which attract the experimental drug , enabling it to attack in a targeted manner . I describe this as tactical airstrike treatment as opposed to most treatments , which carpet bomb and kill healthy cells in our bodies as well as cancer cells . My treatments are weekly via IV for one hour . Since it is a trial , I also regularly undergo comprehensive diagnostic tests and the chemo nurses check my vital signs to ensure that this drug is helping , rather than harming , me . After six treatments , the cancer is stable and has not grown . Thus , I am allowed to continue treatment for another six weeks and undergo another evaluation . I know I am one of the fortunate women with a lot of support . My husband has been with me every step , every day , and participates in my care , and the fabulous doctors and nurses have cared for me from the beginning to now . As I say regularly , I am not in the mood to die yet . So , one day at a time I will keep trying until we find something that will work , even temporarily . Perhaps this trial will keep me alive long enough for science to catch up and help find a cure for this , and other cancers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Deborah Cummis Sandlaufer	Deborah Cummis Sandlaufer was diagnosed with stage 3c ovarian cancer in 2012 Despite numerous round of chemotherapy her cancer did not subside After watching CNN 's Vital Signs , Sandlaufer enrolled in a clinical trial at Yale University
CNN  -- It could be the spartan living environment , or perhaps growing up in the thin air nearly 3,000 meters above sea level -- or maybe it 's the influence of a legendary local coach . Whatever its secret , a remote mountain town in Ethiopia has produced a string of world-beating distance runners . Three-time Olympic champion Tirunesh Dibaba is the current cream of a crop that has helped put Bekoji on the map . Like many from her area , she was clearly born to run . "  Running is for me my job , but also my source of entertainment , " the 27-year-old told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  It 's because of running that I am well known around the world . For me , it 's the ultimate thing . " Her elder sister Ejegayehu was an Olympic silver medalist in 2004 , while younger sister Genzebe was the 2009 world junior cross country champion and a younger brother Dejene is a promising 800m runner . Sporting excellence flows through the family genes : Dibaba is the cousin of double Olympic 10,000 m champion Derartu Tulu , while she was also inspired by another cousin -- Bekelu , who she often calls her sister , and was an international distance runner . They all hail from Bekoji , a town of fewer than 20,000 people set high in the mountains of the Arsi province , but with a freakish record for track and field success . "  Bekoji has produced so many great athletes starting from Derartu . In Beijing , Kenenisa  Bekele  and I brought home two gold medals each , " Dibaba said . "  Bekoji has strong runners . Bekoji is great and can produce even greater athletes . " It has echoes of Jamaica 's Trelawny district , another rugged rural setting which has produced a string of sprint champions , including six-time Olympic gold medalist Usain Bolt . Before Dibaba , the great Kenenisa Bekele -- a three-time Olympic champion and double world record-holder in the 5,000 and 10,000 m -- was the most famous product of the area . Both were coached by Sentayehu Eshetu in their important formative years . Inspiring coach "  Sentayehu knew that my cousin Derartu Tulu ran , he knows that my sisters ran too . That 's why he encouraged me to start running and used to tell me that I would be a great runner , he knew I would be a fast runner , " Dibaba said . Success clearly breeds success -- the peak of which came at the 2008 Beijing Olympics as Dibaba and Bekele both won distance doubles -- and she believes the conveyor belt of talent will keep going . Bekele has suffered injury problems since 2010 , and he had to settle for fourth in the 10,000 m at London 2012 as his younger brother Tariku chased home Britain 's Mo Farah and Galen Rupp of the United States to claim a bronze medal . Dibaba was unable to repeat her Beijing double , but became the first woman to retain an Olympic 10,000 m title and took bronze in the 5,000 m as Addis Ababa-born arch rival Meseret Defar won back the gold she first held in 2004 . In addition , Dibaba has won four world championship golds and has also claimed the coveted world cross country title on four occasions , beating the best that Ethiopia 's great rivals Kenya could produce . Early struggles But despite her faultless pedigree , Dibaba 's route to the top was not without its difficulties . She hoped to further both her education and her fledgling running career by moving to the capital of Addis Ababa , a grueling 276-kilometer trip from Bekoji . She was to live with her Bekelu and sister Ejegayehu , but missed the school registration deadline by six days . Bekelu , recognizing her cousin 's talent , instead enrolled the teenager into the sport club run by the Prison Police in Ethiopia . Her early promise blossomed , and it was not long before Dibaba announced herself on the global stage by taking a surprise 5,000 m gold at the 2003 world championships in Paris , still only 18 years of age . At the 2004 Olympics in Athens , Dibaba was beaten into the bronze medal position in the 5000m by the more experienced Defar and Isabella Ochichi of Kenya , a defeat which rankled despite her young years . "  Our country is not like other countries . Silver and bronze in our country is no better than finishing fifth or sixth , " she said . Winning gold at the Olympics became the overriding goal for Dibaba , who underlined her dominance by winning the 5,000 / 10,000 double at the 2005 world championships and becoming the first woman to defend a 10,000 m world title in Osaka two years later . Inspiring husband Going into Beijing , she was further inspired by Sileshi Sihine , whom she was to marry after the Games . Sihine was twice a silver medal winner in the 10,000 m , at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics , and wanted his fiancee to go one better . "  My husband Sileshi used to tell me that in order to become a great runner , you have to win the Olympic gold , " she said . "  When I said that I was tired and wo n't go to training , he would say work hard just for this one . "  I did not believe then that I won my first Olympic gold  in the 10,000 m  . It was a hard race , a tough race , I broke the Olympic record , I broke the African record . I was very happy . " Going into the 5,000 m as the world record-holder , Dibaba sprinted to a golden Beijing double , while Defar was third . With her main goal achieved , Dibaba concentrated on her wedding that November , when celebrations lasted over a week as the couple was feted in Ethiopia . She took a four-month break from intensive training and suffered as a consequence , sustaining injuries which she believed threatened her career . Serious injury "  I never thought I would return back to running again . I thought I had would never return to competition . I was under treatment , I spent a lot of time going back and forth to Germany for treatment , " Dibaba said . She was seeing renowned specialist Hans Muller-Wohlfahrt , who had to keep assuring Dibaba she would recover . "  He told me that I would return , but I still did not believe I would return back to running . It was really hard for me , " she said . The doctor 's confidence was well placed , but it took until 2012 for Dibaba to rediscover her best form , just in time for the London Games . A blistering command performance in the 10,000 saw her claim her third Olympic gold , but her double attempt was thwarted in the 5,000 by Defar and Vivian Cheruiyot of Kenya as she was relegated to the bronze medal position . Dibaba shows no sign of winding down her career , but she is involved in several commercial projects , which include building a hotel . Having earned her own wealth , she takes pride in providing employment in a developing country such as Ethiopia . "  We create jobs for those who do n't have any . We create opportunities , " she said . The next goal Dibaba has never forgotten the help of her family and the sacrifices she has had to make to achieve her success . "  I remember there were days where I felt could not complete my training program . But because I had to finish it , because my coach  Hussein Shebo  would advise me that it 's a must to complete the program , I would finish the program , " she said . "  There were times I got so tired that I would go to bed without eating food , only drinking water . To run well and be a good sportsperson , you have to work hard . " Rising around 6 a.m. , she will do two sessions per day , preparing for the track season with intensive speed sessions as part of a specially devised schedule . Dibaba is usually in bed by 9 p.m. and restricts herself to a mostly pasta and rice diet . She will eventually move up to the 42 kilometers which make up the longest race on the track and field program -- the marathon being her ultimate goal for the 2016 Games in Rio . "  I want to do something special , that is historic and unforgettable . Especially in the Olympic marathon , I want to compete there . I believe that is what is left for me to achieve . "	Tirunesh Dibaba is a three-time Olympic gold medalist The Ethiopian has dominated women 's distance running Her town of Bekoji is home to many other star runners Dibaba 's cousin Derartu Tulu won two Olympic gold medals
CNN  -- The fairy tale forests of the Gauja Valley in Latvia , the beauty of Saaremaa Island in Estonia and the 170-foot-high Parnidis Dune in Lithuania were waiting for author Patricia Schultz to discover them . The newly independent countries of Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania were reeling from the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 and were not tourist friendly enough to include in her first edition of "  1,000 Places To See Before You Die , " published in 2003 . Also missing were the stunning Adriatic beaches of Budva , Montenegro ; the ancient Roman arena of Istria , Croatia ; and the pedestrian bridges over the Ljubljanica River in Slovenia . The civil war in Yugoslavia , following on the heels of the fall of the Soviet Union , kept her away . More than 20 years after the collapse of communism in Eastern Europe , the new "  1,000 Places To See Before You Die " includes the Baltic nations formerly under Soviet control , the nations of the former Yugoslavia and several other countries once considered too dangerous or unfriendly for any but the most hardy travelers . There are also places like Ghana and Greenland that Schultz did n't have time to tackle in the first book . All in all , the second edition includes 200 more entries , 28 additional countries , 200 more pages , 600 color photographs and an interactive iPad app . Now that travel is more accessible and people want to see and do more things they 've never experienced before , Schultz has expanded the "  1,000 Places " concept beyond that "  once-in-a-lifetime " honeymoon , 25th anniversary or 75th birthday trip . Her hotel recommendations now include smaller , more affordable inns in addition to the most fabulous hotels . The definition of "  1,000 Places " has expanded to include itineraries or experiences within particular regions . "  There 's nothing or no place that does n't interest me for some rhyme or reason , from natural beauty to man-made beauty , from high-brow to low-brow , from festivals to food to culture to music to design , " says Schultz , who has traveled professionally for most of her adult life . She estimates she visited 80 % of the sites included in the book . "  So much to see , so little time ! " she said . "  One would need to be 200 years old to have seen them all . "  A seasoned travel writer , she knows "  quite confidently " that Antarctica and other places she has n't visited do belong in the book . For the rookie or nervous traveler For the new or nervous traveler who wants to explore outside his comfort zone , Schultz suggests traveling with the tour operators she includes in many listings . It 's probably the smart way to go in the Middle East , Africa and Asia , where cultural differences and language barriers may trip up the inexperienced or solo traveler . "  It 's a great way to travel if your best friend or husband is n't available to go or interested in going , " she said . An inexperienced English-speaking traveler can travel far away to New Zealand or Australia and enjoy the differences of a country that shares some common language and history . "  You 'll hear this wonderfully accented English that is not your own , so you 're always aware these are experiences you would never have had at home if you stayed within our borders . " Schultz said . "  It 's exotic enough to be exciting and exhilarating , but easy enough to do solo -- minus that inherent risk of being in countries that are always on the front page of the newspaper , filling your head with risks , " she said . For U.S. residents who prefer to stay within the United States , Schultz has added new entries on the Columbia River Gorge in Oregon and Washington state ; the Georgia O'Keeffe Trail in Santa Fe and Abiquiu , New Mexico ; and Grafton , Vermont . Chapters on popular cities such as New York , San Francisco and Kauai have turned into mega-entries .  Schultz has also written "  1,000 Places to See in the United States and Canada Before You Die . " Get out of your comfort zone Explorers can expand their bucket lists by finding someplace they 've never been before . Be the first in your family to explore the 11 underground churches excavated out of stone in the Ethiopian town of Lalibela . They 've been in continuous use since the 12th century . Or head to Ghana 's Elmina Castle , the first European slave-trading post in sub-Saharan Africa . There 's also plenty to explore in Greenland , 85 % of which is still covered by ice . The island , a self-governing territory of Denmark , says that global warming has created the fastest-retreating ice cap in the Northern Hemisphere . Still on Schultz 's bucket list : Antarctica , which is very expensive and requires a significant time commitment ; return visits to Italy , her first and always love ; and the Arctic , where she has traveled but wishes to see again . And for the history buff , nature lover or luxury traveler , there 's Eastern Europe , where the high life , nature and history can be found side by side . Schultz recommends getting to Eastern Europe before the sense of Soviet occupation can be found only in museums dedicated to remembering the past . "  Sometimes , they 're so successfully erasing the period Soviets were there to the extent you wonder if they were ever there ; and other times , you think , ` Oh , here I can still feel it , ' " Schultz said . "  You 'd never know in many cases in Prague that the Soviets had been there . In the back roads of Romania , you 'd think it 's still under Soviet control . "	No longer dominated by the Soviets , Eastern Europe has the old and the new to discover The nervous or novice traveler can still find very safe places to explore Adventurers can go to cultures completely different from their own , solo or with a tour
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- A 16-year-old Hong Kong boy makes two phone calls for delivery : One for pizza , the other for the drug ketamine . Two teenage girls are found semi-conscious in a car park after overdosing on ketamine . A 13-year-old boy joins a gang and is given free ketamine . Glass capsules containing ketamine , which has become the drug of choice for Hong Kong 's youth . These are anecdotes told to CNN by police , a family doctor and a former gang member . Ketamine has become the drug of choice among young people , as the number of people under 21 taking drugs has surged 57 percent in the last four years in Hong Kong , said Commissioner for Narcotics , Sally Wong . "  We started off with a very small number of young people taking drugs . We are now more worried about the trend , " Wong said . "  We do n't want a runaway trend ; that 's why we are stepping up action . " Ketamine , an animal tranquilizer , can put users in a dazed stupor for about two hours , doctors said . Long-term use of ketamine can impair cognitive function and damage internal organs . Watch Pauline Chiou 's report on ketamine sweeping Hong Kong " An oversupply of the drug in Hong Kong and the fact that it is cheaper than other narcotics makes ketamine popular with young people , said Superintendent Wilson Fok of the Hong Kong Police Narcotics Bureau . One gram of ketamine sells on the street here for $ 13 and is enough to be shared with two other people , while cocaine , for example , sells for $ 103 a gram , Fok said . The drug is legal for medical use , but it is trafficked into Hong Kong from other parts of Asia , such as India and mainland China , and sold on the streets illegally , Fok said . Police have recently stepped up their efforts to crack down on drug use at clubs and bars in Hong Kong and Shenzhen , a city in mainland China just across the border . Nearly 120 alleged drug users from Hong Kong , mostly under the age of 30 , were arrested at entertainment venues in Shenzhen in July and held for 15 days in sweeps that made headlines for days here . However , narcotics police said entertainment venues are not the only places they find drug abuse . "  Forty percent of young people abuse drugs in public toilets and playgrounds . That 's what our recent data from last year shows , " Fok said . "  They want to find some other places to take drugs . " The problem has gotten so bad that authorities have decided to do something never done here before : random school drug tests . Beginning in September , some two dozen schools will conduct tests , as part of a trial program . Officials say the drug screening will most likely be in the form of urine tests , though they are still working out the details . Ketamine can be detected in urine for at least three days , doctors said . Watch a doctor explain how the test works " Dr. Cheng Chi Man , a family practice doctor , runs a seminar that trains doctors to detect the signs of drug abuse in young patients : drowsiness , skin problems , frequent urination  ketamine can affect bladder function  and frequent sick leave . "  When we were 10 years old , we were still in primary school watching TV and eating candy . But they are now taking drugs . " Alman Chan , principal of Hong Kong 's only drug rehab school for youth , the privately-run Christian Zheng Sheng School , said he has watched as drug use has grown . See photos of the rehab school in remote Hong Kong " "  Just look at our school development . I was here 14 years ago . At that time , I was the only teacher . I had 18 kids . I only had one student who was 15 , " he said . "  But now , I have one third -- about 40 of them -- who are 15 years old or younger . That shows you the number of students getting into drugs is bigger and also getting younger and younger . " There were a few reasons why children were getting involved with drugs , such as troubled homes and difficulties at school , he said . "  People are more concerned about material things and they are getting lost , " he added . Hong Kong Police have arrested children as young as age 13 for drug offenses , according to Commissioner for Narcotics , Sally Wong . Police last week reportedly busted a network that allegedly recruited teenagers to sell illegal drugs -- mainly to students . One of those arrested -- a 14-year-old school dropout -- was found with 28 grams of ketamine , according to the South China Morning Post . But ketamine abuse is not limited to young people . It is the second-most popular drug among all age groups in Hong Kong , Superintendent Wilson Fok of the Hong Kong Police Narcotics Bureau said . Many young drug abusers end up in Alman Chan 's drug rehab school for youth , which is located in a remote part of Lantau Island west of Hong Kong . CNN visited the campus , which is home to 99 boys and 24 girls . The closest road is a three-hour hike through the woods . Chan calls the school "  the last stop before jail " for drug abusers . That was the case for Tai Ming Hung 's son Keith , a former gang member . She learned he was using ketamine when he ended up in the hospital after taking the drug a few years ago . "  I was in denial . I just did n't believe it was true . When I first heard about it , we all did n't know how to react , because we had n't heard of those drugs before , " she said . "  I did n't really understand why we have these harmful drugs in the world . And I was so afraid that it would kill my son . " 18-year-old Keith , who said he began using ketamine at the age of 13 when he joined a gang , has recovered and is now living at Chan 's school . "  I have a feeling that he 's really growing up , he keeps improving , " his mother said . The school 's curriculum involves regular school subjects and chores . The goal is for each student to finish their court probation and either sit for the university exam or continue on to a vocational school . Many of the students have become interested in video editing and photography . There is a video lab on campus and the students showed CNN some video projects they have done . Other students run a pizza parlor and tea shop on a neighboring island . The average stay at the school is three years and students are encouraged to plan for life after rehab . "  We have vocational training . We help them get some marketable skills ; therefore , they may get a job or continue training afterward , " Chan said . "  I believe everyone deserves a second chance . "	Police : Ketamine is the top drug of choice among young people in Hong Kong Drug use among those under 21 has jumped 57 percent in the last four years Police stepping up crackdowns , say parks and public toilets hot spots for drug use Hong Kong has one drug rehab center for youth , located on a remote former pig farm
CNN  -- Even if you 're a real nowhere man living under the sea in an octopus 's garden , you probably already know that 50 years ago  February 9 , 1964 , to be exact  the Beatles kicked off Beatlemania in the United States with their first appearance on "  The Ed Sullivan Show . " The Fab Four 's subsequent globetrotting blazed a trail that , half a century later , remains worth following . Particularly if you can avoid an overload of gratuitous Beatles song titles along the way . Here are some of the world 's best places to relive the original magical mystery tour . 1 . Liverpool , England The city where it all started has traded heavily on the Beatles as part of efforts to transform itself from a declining industrial seaport into a tourism and cultural destination . Mercifully it works . Obvious attractions include the well-executed Beatles Story  Britannia Vaults , Kings Dock Street , +441517091963  ; the reconstructed Cavern Club  10 Mathew St. , +441512369091  ; and tours that hit childhood homes and lyricized locations such as Penny Lane . These are balanced by non-Beatles attractions . The city has impressive Anglican and Catholic cathedrals , the iconic ferry across the River Mersey , the Tate and Walker art galleries and the wonderful  and free  waterfront Museum of Liverpool . The latter of these pays homage to the city 's maritime heritage and a musical legacy that goes far beyond John , Paul , George and Ringo . 2 . Hamburg , Germany Lured by the prospect of regular paychecks , the embryonic Beatles packed their guitar cases for Hamburg in 1960 . Here they refined their act and lineup during several seasons of relentless gigging in front of indifferent crowds in grimy nightclubs . Fans can take tours or simply explore Reeperbahn , a seedy-in-places district of brothels and nightspots where the band played several venues during their time here . The Kaiserkeller  36 Grosse Freiheit , +4940317778  is among the most famous . Modern Hamburg is a vibrant source of new , mainly electronic , music and nightlife . Like Liverpool , it has a distinctive church , the baroque St. Michaelis  Englische Planke 1 , +4940376780  and a museum exploring the city 's maritime past  Peter Tamm Sen. Stiftung Kaispeicher B Koreastrasse 1 , +49 4030092300  . 3 . Rishikesh , India By 1966 the Beatles were experimenting -- musically and pharmaceutically . Their altered outlook took them to Rishikesh , in northeast India 's Himalayan foothills , to attend the ashram of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi , an Indian guru who developed and taught transcendental meditation . These days the ashram , which once overlooked the Ganges , is closed and is slowly being reclaimed by vegetation . But Rishikesh , an important Hindu center , remains open for business -- billing itself as India 's leading destination for yoga and adventure sports , although probably not at the same time . Proximity to Delhi makes it a good escape from the Indian capital for some whitewater rafting or a stay at one of its many yoga ashrams  among them Parmath Niketen , +911352434301  . Not a precisely Beatles experience , but in the world of transcendental meditation , close is sometimes all you get . 4 . London The Beatles lived and worked at various venues in the English capital  yes , there are tours  , but few locations have as much of a connection with the band as Abbey Road Studios  3 Abbey Road , near St. John 's Wood tube station  . The Fab Four recorded several albums here , including 1969 's "  Abbey Road , " which features a hirsute Lennon , McCartney , Harrison and Starr striding over the nearby pedestrian crossing . There 's no public access to the studios , which still host top music acts . But that has n't stopped thousands of visitors scrawling their names on the building 's boundary wall or halting traffic to recreate the famous crossing image . As a bonus , McCartney still lives nearby , and sightings are n't unknown . 5 . Amsterdam Newlyweds John Lennon and Yoko Ono began their 1969 honeymoon with a highly publicized "  bed-in " at the Amsterdam Hilton  Appollolaan 138 , +317106000  , where they invited the press into their room to promote "  bed peace " and "  hair peace . " The room is now known as the "  John and Yoko suite " and can be reserved by guests . The couple wound up in the Dutch capital after their own mini-tour of Europe . They 'd tried to marry on a ferry across the English Channel  P&O run a regular service , but still no weddings  before succeeding in Gibraltar -- a fact the British territory continues to celebrate thanks to the number of international weddings it now hosts . 6 . Obertauren , Austria After Amsterdam , John and Yoko zipped down to Vienna for another peace-based press conference , this time in the city 's luxury Sacher hotel  Philharmonikerstrasse 4 , +43 1 514 560  -- until then famous only for giving the world a preposterously rich chocolate cake . This was n't Austria 's first brush with the Beatles . In 1965 , the band decamped to the charming central Austrian ski resort of Obertauern to film snow scenes for their movie "  Help ! " The band stayed at the Hotel Eidelweiss , the modern incarnation  R  merstrasse 75 , +4364567245  of which avoids any mention of the Beatles on its website , although it does depict them in what appears to be the men 's toilets . 7 . New York Lennon had wanted to take his bed-in to New York , but was prevented from setting foot in the United States at the time due to a previous conviction for cannabis possession . He and the Beatles , however , paid several other significant visits to the city . First there was the historic February 9 , 1964 , television appearance at the now-named Ed Sullivan Theater  1697 Broadway , +1 2129754755  . More history was made several days later when The Beatles became the first rock band ever to play Carnegie Hall  881 7th Ave. , +1 2122477800  . The band returned to play New York the following August , but that trip was eclipsed a year later when they performed at Shea Stadium in Flushing Meadows . This is believed to be rock and pop music 's first-ever stadium gig . Shea was torn down in 2008 to provide parking space for the New York Mets ' new Citi Field  123-01 Roosevelt Ave. , +1 7185076387  , but there are plenty other non-Beatles attractions nearby , particularly the space age relics of two World Fairs  Grand Central Parkway , +1 7187606565  . John Lennon , of course , later lived and was killed in New York outside his residence at the Dakota Apartments  corner of 72nd Street and Central Park West in Manhattan  . Along with the Dakota , the adjacent Strawberry Fields  near Central Park West between 71st and 74th Streets  is a 2.5-acre area of Central Park that pays homage to Lennon . 8 . The Bahamas Another double-hit destination for Lennon , who flew here with Yoko on the next stage of his bed tour , but swiftly left after checking into the Sheraton hotel in Freeport  now unlisted  , reportedly declaring : "  We ca n't do a bloody bed-in here . Let 's go to Canada . " More successful was Lennon 's 1965 visit to the islands with the other Beatles , again to film scenes for "  Help ! " The band stayed at the Balmoral Club , a hotel on Nassau 's Cable Beach now renamed the Sandals Royal Bahamian  West Bay Street , Nassau , +1 2423276400  . They filmed scenes on Paradise Island , now home to the Atlantis resort  +1 888-8777525  , and Rose Island , an uninhabited private island popular for day trips and wedding parties . 9 . Montreal And so , at last , to John and Yoko 's final bed-in venue : the Queen Elizabeth hotel in Montreal  900 Rene Levesque Blvd. . W. , +1 8665404483  . Here the couple commandeered four rooms and invited friends including LSD fan Timothy Leary and Beat poet Allen Ginsberg to join them recording "  Give Peace a Chance . " According to the hotel 's website , Lennon has since been followed to the Queen Elizabeth by other sometime peaceniks , including Nelson Mandela , U.S. president Jimmy Carter , Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev and the Dalai Lama . 10 . Chelyabinsk , Russia OK , the Beatles never actually visited this tank-producing Russian city east of the Ural Mountains , but that did n't stop the citizens of Chelyabinsk taking the Fab Four to their hearts . Even though few in the Soviet Union were able to buy or listen to Beatles songs at the height of the Cold War , many drew inspiration from a band that was later credited with hastening the demise of communist rule -- even if their classic "  Back In the U.S.S.R. " was more about girls than politics . Post-Soviet Chelyabinsk has repaid the favor by changing the name of a street from Lenin to Lennon . Lately , however , Chelyabinsk is obsessed with a new star -- or falling star , in the shape of the huge meteorite which smashed into the region last year . Reports say the city hopes thousands of tourists will be attracted by this asteroid from -- sorry , it ca n't be helped -- "  Across the Universe . " Barry Neild is a freelance journalist based in London .	From India to the Bahamas , Beatles pilgrimages remain popular At the Amsterdam Hilton you can stay in John and Yoko 's "  bed-in " room Chelyabinsk , Russia , changed the name of a street from Lenin to Lennon Strawberry Fields in New York 's Central Park is a poignant spot for Beatles fans
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The mother of a German national suspected of one of the worst arson sprees in Los Angeles history appeared before a U.S. magistrate judge Tuesday in the German government 's effort to extradite her on fraud charges . Harry Burkhart , 24 , may have been motivated to set the fires by his mother 's arrest , according to officials and CNN affiliates . His mother , 53-year-old Dorothee Burkhart , was arrested by Los Angeles police during a traffic stop on December 28 , a day before the first of 52 fires , mostly in parked cars , that investigators suspect were part of a series of arsons . The son , who was arrested Monday , was charged with one count of arson of an inhabited dwelling . He is likely to face additional charges as the investigation moves forward , said Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa . Harry Burkhart remains jailed without bail and is scheduled to appear in court Wednesday . "  What did you do to my son , " Dorothee Burkhart , yelled at the judge during her hearing Tuesday . "  My son is disappeared since yesterday . Perhaps the German Nazis know of our address . " It did not appear that she knew her son had been arrested a day earlier on the arson charge . She turned down an offer of a court-appointed lawyer and was given until her next hearing Friday to hire a defense attorney . A federal extradition complaint said she is wanted in Germany on 19 counts of fraud , including an allegation that she defrauded the doctor who performed breast augmentation surgery on her in 2004 . The other fraud charges center on rent and security deposits for apartments in Frankfurt , Germany , the complaint said . A website advertising "  sensual tantra massage " and offering "  full body hot oil body to body sliding massage " is registered to Dorothee Burkhart using a Hollywood address , according to a domain registry database . She lived with her son in a Hollywood apartment , according to the complaint . Investigators seized press clippings of arson attacks in Germany from the apartment , according to a law enforcement official who spoke on the condition of anonymity . Dorothee Burkhart last entered the United States lawfully in January 2007 and left the country four months later , according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . She currently has no lawful immigration status and ICE has lodged an immigration detainer against her , it said . A court document released earlier on Tuesday incorrectly stated that Dorothee Burkhart had most recently entered the United States in October , according to ICE . Harry Burkhart was in the United States lawfully at the time of his arrest on a non-immigrant visa , which expires on January 18 , ICE said . The agency has similarly lodged an immigration detainer against him . Arson investigators counted 52 fires , most starting in parked cars , since Friday morning , but none since the suspect was detained at 3 a.m. Monday , according to officials . No one was hurt in the fires , but property damage is likely to reach $ 3 million , said Los Angeles Fire Chief Brian Cummings . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Tuesday that after Los Angeles police released a surveillance video of a man seen near the scene of one fire , agents in the department 's Bureau of Diplomatic Security field office recognized Burkhart . Multiple CNN affiliates reported the alleged arson spree could have stemmed from a deportation battle between the suspect and immigration officials involving Burkhart 's mother . After his arrest , Burkhart told investigators , "  I hate America , " according to CNN affiliate KABC . Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said officials believe -- and hope -- the fires were set by one person . But they will proceed as though others may be involved until they know for sure , Beck said . "  I feel very good that we 've got the right guy .  The suspect  had the right stuff in his van , and we are confident in the arrest , " Beck said . Neighbor Galina Larimoda told KABC-TV through a Russian translator that Harry Burkhart knocked on her door Sunday and seemed angry and not "  completely normal . " Los Angeles County Reserve Sheriff 's Deputy Shervin Lalezary , who draws a salary of $ 1 a year , was hailed as a hero for arresting Burkhart . Lalezary , an Iranian-born lawyer who moonlights as a deputy , pulled over a van in Hollywood driven by a man who resembled the person seen on the surveillance video . With the help of backup officers , he then arrested the driver , Burkhart . CNN 's Chuck Conder , Alan Duke , Paul Vercammen , Mike Ahlers , Ashley Hayes , Lateef Mungin , and Irving Last contributed to this report .	NEW : Harry Burkhart 's mother has no lawful immigration status , ICE says Dorothee Burkhart is wanted in Germany on 19 fraud counts LAPD arrests her during a traffic stop on an extradition warrant a day before the first Hollywood fires 52 fires cause $ 3 million damage in the Los Angeles area
CNN  -- It 's said nothing is certain in life except for death and taxes . For French football clubs it 's a new punitive tax law that 's worrying them to death . They fear one of Europe 's top leagues , newly resurgent following significant investment from mega wealthy Qataris and Russians , could be irreparably damaged by the tax . On Thursday , French president Francois Hollande told a delegation of professional French football club leaders he would n't abandon the government 's plan for a 75 % tax on salaries reaching more than a $ 1.35 million . The clubs have been lobbying hard against the tax , arguing it endangers their future . It 's estimated the tax could increase their costs by up to 30 % . And they feel so strongly over the matter that they plan to go on strike . So if you 're a French football fan do n't expect to be watching the likes Paris Saint-Germain striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic or Monaco forward Falcao in action between 29 November and 2 December . If it goes ahead it would France 's first football "  strike " since 1972 . Ibrahimovic is one of more than 10 players at Qatari-owned PSG -- France 's richest club -- whose yearly pay exceeds $ 1.35 million . While the average Ligue 1 player 's salary is estimated at just under $ 800,000 , Ibrahimovic reportedly takes home $ 17.5 million a year . Many players would already be taxed at France 's top marginal rate of 49 % , which kicks in at $ 675,000 a year . Just for Ibrahimovic 's hefty pay packet alone , PSG 's costs would increase by nearly $ 12 million under the Hollande plan . Since world-class players have their choice of what countries they play in , French teams would have to absorb the increased taxes themselves if they want to attract top talent . Ahead of this weekend 's games , PSG and Monaco are joint top of Ligue 1 . But PSG could be at a further disadvantage in future given Monaco are exempt from French taxation laws and the principality club 's tax expenditure would be $ 67.5 million less than the French champions per year . "  The high-income tax of 75 % , which was included in the 2013 draft budget of France , will have a disastrous effect on the competitiveness of French football , " said the Professional Union of Football Clubs  UCPF  in a statement . Before the start of the season some of the world 's best players -- like Edinson Cavani who joined PSG from Napoli -- If the taxation impasse remains , it is likely French clubs would struggle to attract the very top talent . "  French teams will be at a disadvantage with regard to English clubs who only pay 40 % tax , " former Monaco chief executive Tor-Kristian Karlsen told CNN . "  That will affect the standard of the league . It might also affect money coming into French football from foreign investment -- potential owners might be tempted to get more value for money elsewhere . "  Monaco and PSG have raised the popularity and exposure of French football outside France , " added Karlsen . "  Some in France are still quite skeptical as to why and how they have got involved , but if you are supporter or if you enjoy watching French football they have brought only positive dimensions . "  As an international observer , it is going to be difficult to uphold the current standard in the years to come if this tax comes in to play . " French football has a strong tradition of developing young players through its academy system , but a French club has n't won the Champions League -- Europe 's top competition -- for over 20 years , though last season PSG reached the quarterfinals . "  In the short term clubs would have to buy cheaper players for lower transfers and would pay lower salaries to avoid paying the 75 % , " said Karlsen as he outlined a grim future for French football . "  When the player reaches a level where he starts to attract offers from abroad and will attract wages far above    1 million , or when a player becomes an international or starts to play well in European competition then there is no other option for him than to move abroad . " Karlsen added : "  What is a concern for the clubs is that their budgets relate to long-term contracts they have already agreed with players . "  They feel the goalposts have been moved and it makes it extremely difficult for them to continue or plan to be successful in an environment that is already very challenging . " Earlier this week UCPF president Jean-Pierre Louvel unveiled a study outlining the economic benefits French football brings France , given it has an annual turnover of $ 5.8 billion and there are potentially 25,000 jobs at stake . "  The return on investment for the state is $ .5 billion " , said Louvel , who is also the president of second division club Le Havre . "  In addition , each euro generated by clubs creates additional 2.5 euros  $ 3.38  in the country 's economy . " A survey by pollster OpinionWay in October suggested 85 % of voters did not think football clubs should be exempted from the high tax rate , which requires approval from the French parliament . And given France 's economic problems -- it has only just emerged from recession -- some members of the French football community remain uneasy about the proposed strike . "  I think that if our corporation goes on strike , we 'll have to go into hiding , I mean really go into hiding , " Evian coach Pascal Dupraz , was quoted in L'Equipe as telling radio station RTL . "  I 'm not totally for  the strike  personally , what worries me of course is that there is this tax , but , all French people suffer from having to pay taxes . "  I just do n't understand the anger from the club presidents ; I just do n't get it at all . " It is not all bad news for French football fans given some observers expect a compromise to be reached . "  I remain confident that some sort of solution will be found before the date of the strike voted for by the club 's chairmen , " Julien Laurens , a French football expert and writer for Le Parisien , told CNN .	French president Francois Hollande wants 75 % tax on salaries over $ 1.35 m Proposal has met with the disapproval of French football clubs Paris Saint-Germain and Monaco owned by Qatari and Russian billionaires respectively Striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic would cost PSG an extra $ 12m a year
CNN  -- The University of Kansas men 's basketball team squeaked by Ohio State late Saturday night , setting up a NCAA tournament championship showdown with top-seeded Kentucky . Hours earlier , the Wildcats defeated Louisville in its own semifinal . They and the Jayhawks will play Monday night for the title at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans . Under coach John Calipari , Kentucky posted a 32-2 record over the course of this season -- with its only losses coming at the hands of Indiana and Vanderbilt , the latter coming in the Southeastern Conference tourney . It entered the 68-team NCAA tournament as the No. 1 seed in the South bracket , and the favorite to win it all in the eyes of many pundits . The team was led by Anthony Davis , a freshman who was recently named the Associated Press 's college basketball player of the year . But a win in Saturday 's contest against Kentucky 's in-state rival , Louisville , was hardly a given . The Cardinals , for one , had a head coach with a national title to his credits -- Rick Pitino , who ironically won that distinction in 1996 as head coach at Kentucky . Louisville entered the NCAAs with momentum after winning the Big East post-season tournament . The Cardinals battled Kentucky tight throughout Saturday 's game , tying the score , 49-49 , at one point early in the second half . But the Wildcats eventually pulled away , winning by a 69-61 margin . Ohio State and Kansas entered the night 's second tilt as No. 2 seeds , having both defeated the top seeds in their brackets -- Syracuse and North Carolina , respectively -- during the Elite 8 . The Jayhawks were paced by forward Thomas Robinson , this season 's lone unanimous AP All-American pick . On the other side of the court was the Buckeyes ' Jared Sullinger , who himself earned first-team honors for the second straight year . On Saturday night , Ohio State jumped ahead early , carrying a 34-25 advantage into the half . But Kansas stormed back after the intermission , notching the game up at 38-38 with 14 minutes left in the game . The rest of the game was nip-and-tuck , with rarely more than a few points separating the two teams and several lead changes in the final minutes . Kansas edged ahead with just over a minute to go and held on , thanks to some pivotal free throws and an Ohio State lane violation call , for a 64-62 victory .	NEW : Kansas narrowly defeats Ohio State , 64-62 , to advance to the NCAA finals They will face Kentucky , which beat Louisville 69-61 earlier in the night The championship game will be held Monday night in New Orleans
CNN  -- China has halted imports of some New Zealand milk powders after a company disclosed that three batches of an ingredient used in sports drinks and baby formula tested positive for a strain of bacteria that causes botulism . The New Zealand-based Fonterra Group said Saturday that three batches of its whey protein tested positive for the Clostridium botulinum bacteria . Those batches were n't for use in Fonterra-branded products , but they said companies that used the whey protein in their products might issue recalls . Fonterra , the world 's largest dairy exporter , said it had warned companies that bought the whey protein about the problem . "  As a result , these customers are urgently investigating whether any of the affected product , which contains a strain of Clostridium , is in their supply chains , " the company said . Three of those clients have told Fonterra that their products are safe . "  Our technical teams have been working closely this weekend with Coca-Cola , Wahaha and Vitaco and have established that the process used to manufacture their products would kill the bacteria that was in the affected whey protein concentrate , " Gary Romano , Fonterra 's managing director of NZ Milk Products , said in a company statement . Wary Chinese mothers buy breast milk online But China -- where at least six babies died from tainted milk powder in 2008 -- has halted all imports of New Zealand milk powders from New Zealand and Australia , New Zealand 's Trade Minister Tim Groser said in an interview on television network TVNZ on Sunday . But in an update on its website , the New Zealand Ministry for Primary Industries clarified that Chinese authorities had suspended imports of Fonterra-produced Whey Powder and Dairy Base powder , while also increasing inspection and supervision of New Zealand dairy products . "  China has not closed the market to all New Zealand dairy products , " the ministry said . "  And it has also been quite specific about the range of Fonterra products which it has temporarily suspended . " Dairy is a key industry in New Zealand , making up about 3 % of its GDP . The Trade Ministry said Australia , Malaysia , Saudi Arabia , Thailand and Vietnam also imported the product . Botulism can be fatal , with symptoms typically beginning within 36 hours of consuming contaminated food . The infection can result in paralysis and respiratory failure , according to the U.S. National Institutes of Health . In the 2008 scandal , milk powder was contaminated with melamine , a chemical commonly used in laminates , wood adhesives and flame retardants that can be used to mimic high-protein additives . Chinese authorities arrested more than 18 people and executed two in the contamination scandal , which saw thousands sickened in addition to the infant deaths . The company involved , Sanlu Group , was partially owned by Fonterra . Sanlu group later filed for bankruptcy . Two years later , a Fonterra-supplied company in China faced scrutiny over claims that their milk powder led to premature sexual development in infant girls . At the time , Fonterra said it remained "  100 % confident about the quality of its products . " CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	China halts imports of milk powders produced by a New Zealand company The import ban comes after a botulism-causing bacteria was found in the product Milk-powder maker Fonterra is the world 's largest exporter of dairy products No reported illnesses yet ; Fonterra says it 's working with client companies
CNN  -- Desperation , sophisticated smuggling operations and the emergence of a small Italian island as a migrant destination provide the sad backdrop to Monday 's tragedy on the Mediterranean Sea -- the capsizing of a boat carrying African migrants from Libya to Italy . Libyan police officers help rescued migrants off an overcrowded boat that arrived this week in Tripoli . Jean-Philippe Chauzy , spokesman for the International Organization for Migration , said Tuesday that Libya for years has been a destination for migrants from the rest of Africa . Its relatively successful economy is a magnet for people from impoverished regions , and its proximity makes it a logical jumping-off point for Europe . People from places such as Ghana , Nigeria , Niger and Burkina Faso long have traveled to Tripoli and other Libyan locations and have gotten work there , from construction to washing cars . Chauzy said even people from the Horn of Africa , where Somalis and Ethiopians have fled to Yemen via the Gulf of Aden , are choosing to travel to Libya rather than pursue a trip to Yemen . Asians as well are opting to travel to Europe from Libya . While some Africans hope to settle in Libya , many others have their eyes on moving onward to Europe . They tend to sail to Lampedusa , an Italian island lying southwest of Sicily and just north of the African coast -- considered an advantageous way station for entrance into Europe . Italy has been bolstering its efforts to stop the illegal traffic . Some of the people who find their way to the island get asylum . Some migrants eventually are returned to their home countries , but others are taken from Lampedusa to facilities on the mainland , where they are sometimes simply released instead of being deported . Chauzy said people head to Europe first and foremost to help their families back home with a paycheck . He said the global economic crisis has led to a drop in the money sent back home , and that in turn has affected hurting African economies , where prices for staple crops have plummeted . He said that the bolstering of border controls sparked by such a tragedy could prompt migrants to take other dangerous routes . Watch as details emerge on latest tragedy " Officials said at least hundreds of migrants are believed to have perished in the Mediterranean over the past year . In the latest incident , more than 200 African migrants are believed to have died after their vessel , carrying 250 people , capsized in rough waters . At least 20 people are confirmed dead , and 23 have been rescued . Another boat with more than 350 migrants aboard was rescued , and these migrants -- mostly Africans but also including some Asians -- were taken to Tripoli in Libya . The International Organization for Migration believes there are two other boats in the Mediterranean that could be carrying migrants . The flight of migrants on rough seas is not just a local phenomenon . "  We are seeing it all over the world , " U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres said Tuesday . Smugglers , for example , also take people from western Africa to the Canary Islands , from Myanmar to Thailand , and from Turkey to Greece . Guterres said the tragedy shows the urgent measures people take "  to escape conflict , persecution and poverty in search of a better life . " Some of the people can be classified as refugees -- people fleeing war and persecution and who could qualify for asylum in other countries . Others are migrants from countries where there is no persecution . They are in search of jobs and a better life . Thousands have died on their journeys , but thousands have survived as well , with many awaiting asylum and resettlement opportunities . There has been much publicity about the flight of Ethiopians and Somalis across the Gulf of Aden to Yemen . Many have died en route , with smugglers at times throwing people overboard to avoid getting arrested by navies for their operations . Ron Redmond , the UNHCR spokesman , said he believes such movement will persist as the "  economic situation continues to worsen worldwide . " The agency said the number of asylum seekers in industrialized countries increased last year for the second year running , in part because of higher numbers of asylum applications by citizens of Afghanistan , Somalia and other turbulent nations . Last year , 36,000 people arrived in Italy by sea from North Africa . Some 75 percent of them applied for asylum , and about 50 percent of those received some form of international protection from the Italian authorities . Demetrios G. Papademetriou , president of Washington-based think tank Migration Policy Institute , said the movement of migrants is organized , with smuggling syndicates making "  obscene profits " and "  enormous amounts of money . " "  These are organized flows , " Papademetriou said . As for the tragedy , "  you will see this again and again and again , " he said .	Libya has long been a destination for migrants from the rest of Africa Many African migrants try to find work in industries such as construction Others attempt to move on to Europe , with Italy a common destination Strict border controls often prompt migrants to take other dangerous routes
Beijing  CNN  Diplomacy can be a lot like theater -- with a whole cast of characters jostling for spotlight and applause . On the world stage , Chinese President Xi Jinping has emerged as a force to be reckoned with since he took the leading role in the world 's most populous nation in late 2012 . For the 61-year-old Xi -- considered China 's most powerful leader in decades -- his marquee appearance last November as the host of a global summit has offered good clues on his future moves . During the 2014 Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation gathering in Beijing , Xi met and entertained more than a dozen other leaders from countries that have been called China 's friends , enemies and -- more often than not -- "  frenemies . " No "  frenemy " relationship is more important -- or complex -- than that between the United States and China , the world 's reigning and emerging superpowers with huge bilateral trade as well as conflicting strategic goals . "  It 's difficult to find space on containers -- ships are full even in normally slow seasons , " said Ben Schwall , an American buyer of lighting equipment based in southern China . His optimism on the rebounding U.S. demand for Chinese-made goods echoes the sentiment of many analysts , who see the world 's two largest economies cooperating more on the economic and trade front . Tensions remain high , however , over geopolitical issues ranging from alleged state-sponsored cyber attacks , to territorial disputes involving what Washington views as Beijing bullying its smaller neighbors . With China 's defense budget growing at a double-digit rate annually , Xi -- who also heads the ruling Communist Party and the world 's largest standing army -- has n't been shy in showing off the country 's latest military wares , including its first aircraft carrier and a new generation of stealth fighter jets . China 's fast-expanding global clout comes as the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama -- whom Xi met several times during the APEC gathering -- finds its hands tied by a host of other domestic and international issues . "  Obama 's famous ` pivot to Asia ' policy has been disrupted , " said longtime political analyst Willy Lam with the Chinese University of Hong Kong . "  He is still keen to assert U.S. supremacy in Asia Pacific -- so the U.S. will continue to boost ties with Vietnam , Philippines and India to form a wheel to contain Chinese influence . " Shi Yinhong , an international relations professor at Beijing 's Renmin University , predicts increasing confrontation between Beijing and Washington - a worrying prospect as Xi is set to make his first state visit to the United States in September . "  The U.S. government will have to decide whether it 's going to accept China 's strategic interests in the western Pacific . " These interests include a group of tiny , uninhabited islands in the East China Sea , claimed by China as well as Japan , a key U.S. ally in Asia . Diplomatic ties between the two historical rivals had soured so much over the dispute that both sides resorted to invoking Voldemort , the fictional villain in the Harry Potter books , in their heated rhetoric about each other . Amid rising fears of potential military clashes , Xi finally agreed to meet Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe during the APEC summit -- for the very first time since they took power in their respective countries . Despite their now-infamous photo-op -- with Xi barely looking at Abe as they awkwardly shook hands in front of a sea of flashing cameras -- many others have managed to look beyond the two men 's frosty demeanors . "  The two governments have resumed some senior-level talks -- that 's remarkable progress , " said Shi , the Chinese professor in international relations . "  But China will still confront Abe as well as talk to him -- it 'll do a combination of both . " Indeed , while Chinese foreign affairs and defense officials have attended recent bilateral talks in Japan , Beijing has reportedly started building naval facilities in an island near disputed waters and also announced plans to hold a rare military parade in September -- with state media describing a major goal being to "  frighten Japan . " Besides Japan , though , China seems to have adopted a similar two-pronged approach in the South China Sea , where it is locked in a bitter territorial dispute with several Southeast Asian nations over another group of uninhabited islands sitting on resources-rich waters . "  On one hand , China is trying to ease tensions ; on the other hand , it 's staking out bigger claims in the South China Sea , " said Hong Kong analyst Lam . "  Some of China 's nervous neighbors are asking : Shall we call on the U.S. to boost defense cooperation or shall we come to terms with the Chinese ? " One neighbor that seems to be seeking a third option is North Korea . Long considered close Communist allies whose "  great friendship cemented in blood " from the Korean War , China and North Korea have grown apart in the past decade with Pyongyang 's steadfast refusal to negotiate its nuclear disarmament . Relations have become further strained after Xi came to power -- and recent reports by China 's state media on North Korean army deserters killing Chinese civilians in border towns in several armed robberies have created a strong public backlash . "  They keep demanding things from China and China has received very little in return , " said Deng Yuwen , a former editor of an influential Communist Party journal who was once punished for calling on China to abandon the Pyongyang regime . "  This kind of one-way relationship is not sustainable , " he added , pointing to the lifeline China provides to North Korea through energy supply and trade . "  A new leader would certainly want to change this , especially because North Korea -- which is like a spoiled brat -- ca n't change its ways . " Breaking with tradition , Xi has yet to agree to a meeting in Beijing with North Korea 's young supreme leader . Kim Jong Un 's first official overseas trip , instead , is reported to be a visit to Moscow in May -- a sign of his effort to pursue other allies . "  Once he 's traveled around , Kim will realize North Korea ca n't live without China , " predicted Deng . "  They want to get close to Russia , but Russia has too many of its own problems to worry about . " Like other great powers before it , China is facing more and more tough choices in international affairs . Adopting the "  carrot and stick " approach , Beijing now dangles cash or flexes muscles in front of various countries -- and throws in a charm offensive starring its glamorous singer First Lady when needed . As he amasses ever more power at home , a self-confident Xi has been expanding China 's influence around the world , even in regions long considered out of its reach like Africa and Latin America . "  Xi is changing China 's foreign policy , which will be much more proactive in the foreseeable future , " said Shi . "  He 's very different from his predecessors -- he 's obviously more hardline . " As China prepares to usher in the Year of the Sheep , which begins on February 19 based on the lunar calendar , few expect to see President Xi take any meek steps on the global stage in 2015 .	No relationship is more important -- or complex -- than that between the United States and China China is becoming bolder in territorial disputes in the East and South China seas China and North Korea have grown apart in the past decade , leader seen as "  spoiled brat , " analyst says
CNN  -- Come election time in November , voters in five states might have a decision to make as big as whom to elect president . Ballot initiatives have been proposed in Arizona , Colorado , Missouri , Nebraska and Oklahoma that would give voters the chance to decide whether they want to do away with affirmative action in government-funded projects and public schools . Ward Connerly , who heads the American Civil Rights Coalition -- a nonprofit organization working to end racial and gender preferences -- and the main backer of the ballot initiatives , says the 37 word initiative would read : "  The state shall not discriminate against or grant preferential treatment to any individual or group on the basis of race , sex , color , ethnicity or national origin in the operation of public employment , public education or public contracting . " "  It would forbid any state or local agency or special district from engaging in preferential treatment , " Connerly said . Watch what Connerly says about the initiative " Connerly , who is of African-American and American Indian descent , said affirmative action causes resentment . He criticized cases in which a Caucasian student might be denied a college slot in favor of a black student with a lower grade-point average . "  It 's foolish not to think that the kid who is turned away is not going to ... resent that , " Connerly said . Connerly , who grew up in Leesville , Louisiana , said he experienced oppression because of his skin color during his youth . "  If it was wrong when I was born in '39 ... it 's wrong now , " he said . "  If it was wrong to do it against a brown-skinned man , it 's wrong to do it against a white man . " Shanta Driver , National Director of United for Equality and Affirmative Action Legal Defense Fund -- an organization dedicated to integrating minority students in educational institutions -- said the ballot initiative is a mistake . "  It places us in the position of denying ... equal opportunity to blacks and Latinos , " she said . Watch Driver explain her position on the initiative " Driver and other affirmative action supporters believe this movement would erase the progress made since the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . "  It 's obviously a huge step backwards , " she said . The ballot initiative , dubbed the Civil Rights Initiative , has already passed in California , Michigan and Washington . Some 140,000 signed petitions have been submitted in Oklahoma . Backers in the remaining four states have until late March to early July to collect enough signatures for the initiative to be on the November ballot . If successful , the ballot measures would cut off tax dollars for programs offering preferential treatment based on gender or race . The issue may have some support in the Supreme Court . In June , justices threw out public school choice plans that relied on race . That leaves many states uncertain about whether their affirmative action policies will stand up in court and against political scrutiny in this election year . E-mail to a friend	Initiative pushed in Arizona , Colorado , Missouri , Nebraska , Oklahoma It would ban affirmative action in government-funded projects , public schools Initiative has already passed in California , Michigan and Washington
Some U.S. officials this year are expected to get smartphones capable of handling classified government documents over cellular networks , according to people involved in the project . The phones will run a modified version of Google 's Android software , which is being developed as part of an initiative that spans multiple federal agencies and government contractors , these people said . The smartphones are first being deployed to U.S. soldiers , people familiar with the project said . Later , federal agencies are expected to get phones for sending and receiving government cables while away from their offices , sources said . Eventually , local governments and corporations could give workers phones with similar software . The Army has been testing touchscreen devices at U.S. bases for nearly two years , said Michael McCarthy , a director for the Army 's Brigade Modernization Command , in a phone interview . About 40 phones were sent to fighters overseas a year ago , and the Army plans to ship 50 more phones and 75 tablets to soldiers abroad in March , he said . "  We 've had kind of an accelerated approval process , " McCarthy said . "  This is a hugely significant event . " Currently , the United States does n't allow government workers or soldiers to use smartphones for sending classified messages because the devices have not met security certifications . Officials have said they worry that hackers or rogue apps could tap into the commercial version of Android and spill state secrets to foreign governments or to the Web through a publisher such as WikiLeaks . As many as 5 million Android users may have had their phones compromised by a recent virus outbreak rooted in apps found on Google 's market , said security software maker Symantec . But with a secure smartphone , a soldier could see fellow infantry on a digital map , or an official could send an important dispatch from Washington 's Metro subway without fear of security breaches . Developers in the government program have completed a version that has been authorized for storing classified documents but not transmitting them over a cell network , said two people contributing to the initiative . Smartphones cleared for top-secret dispatches -- high-level classified information that would compromise national security if intercepted -- are expected to be ready in the next few months , they said . Rather than building special handsets hardwired with secure components , the government plans to install its software on commercially available phones , the people familiar with the project said . This approach is far less expensive and allows the government to stay up to date with the latest phones on the market , they said . Android vs. Apple There are hundreds of different Android models available , and more than half of all smartphones sold globally in a recent quarter use Android , according to industry research firm Gartner . Verizon Wireless has sold more Android phones than any other U.S. cell carrier , thanks in part to its marketing emphasis interest on the Droid brand . About a year ago , Verizon also got the iPhone , ending AT&T 's U.S. exclusivity with that device . "  There 's a lot of interest in Android , " Bryan Schromsky , a Verizon director for its wireless data services , said in a phone interview . "  We are seeing Android sales across all branches of government . " Still , Apple 's iPhone and iPad are also highly desired among U.S. officials , and people involved in the U.S. smartphone program said their goal is to support any type of smartphone . As CNN has reported , the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Martin Dempsey , uses an iPad to read his classified intelligence by downloading cables and disconnecting from the network . However , the government chose to work on Android first because Google already allows people to tinker freely with its code , said those working on the project . Federal officials have met with Apple , but they were told they could not have access to the core of the company 's mobile operating system , said Angelos Stavrou , an information-security director at George Mason University who is working on the government project as a contractor , in a phone interview . "  Android was more cooperative in supporting some of the capabilities that we wanted to support in the operating system , whereas Apple was more averse , " Stavrou told CNN . "  They 're shifting the strategy now . " An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment on the meeting or any changes to its strategy . Google publishes the source code for Android on its website for anyone to download and modify , and some partners are given access to the code before others . A Google spokesman declined to comment on the government project . When Google releases a new version of Android or when a new version of its phones comes out , a compatible software update to the government 's secure Android can be ready within two weeks , Stavrou said . Emphasis on security Government programmers are making security modifications to Android 's kernel , which is the operating system 's central component , the people involved said . The version will allow users to choose which data from Android and its applications can be sent over the Internet , they said . "  When you download an application on your phone , you do n't really know what it does , " Stavrou said . "  We test the application in labs before the user consumes that application . " After testing more than 200,000 apps , the researchers discovered that many programs ask for access to far more personal information contained in the phone than they need and , more alarmingly , send some of that superfluous data to the app developers ' servers , Stavrou said . Even some well-intentioned features can compromise national security if left unchecked . For example , a weather app may automatically send a phone 's GPS coordinates over the Internet to deliver a local forecast , or games may send the device 's unique identifier along with a high score . On government phones , officials will be prompted with detailed reports about what data may be sent , and they can decline or allow each transmission , the people involved said . "  People want to play ` Angry Birds , ' and we do want our people to be able to download ` Angry Birds , ' " Stavrou said . But he added , "  If a clock application gets your GPS and transmits something over the network , that 's not something that we would want to support . " Stavrou , along with seven others at George Mason and the National Institute of Standards and Technology , are developing the smartphone software . They are also consulting with several federal agencies , many within the Department of Defense , he said . He declined to name them . "  The government is actually working pretty hard in getting this technology to most agencies , " Stavrou said . "  Security is everybody 's concern . " A secret project Officials have not spoken in depth about the project until now . Reuters and some trade publications , including Government Computer News and FedTech Magazine , have previously reported some details . "  We are very cautious about what we release to the public , " Stavrou said . "  The details of the technology have been something that we have not publicly disclosed . " The project is funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , the group responsible for early development of GPS and the Internet , Stavrou said . The Defense Department , which houses the agency , has designated the smartphone project as a priority , he said . The National Security Agency has been designated with evaluating the smartphone software for certification , Stavrou said . The NSA gave approval for an earlier version of the system to handle classified data stored on a device , he said . The NSA is also working on a competing system called SE Android , or Security Enhanced Android , Stephen Smalley , a National Security Agency official , wrote this month in a brief e-mail to a group of software developers that was obtained by CNN . SE Android is less flexible in supporting new devices or Android updates from Google and is unlikely to be deployed widely , Stavrou said . An NSA spokeswoman wrote in an e-mail , "  The ultimate goal is to give war fighters , analysts and other intelligence professionals access to classified information on the go -- boosting innovation in the field , efficiency and productivity . " In an unusual move for the federal government , each version of the secure Android operating systems will only need to be certified once before it can be deployed to any U.S. agency , said two people involved in the project . Typically , each agency does its own independent security testing , they said . Also atypical is that the NSA published the source code for SE Android online . The same will be done with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency-funded project . Standardization group OpenSSL Software Foundation is helping with security compliance , said Steve Marquess , a co-founder for the company . The NSA 's Smalley announced the first release of SE Android with a two-sentence message two-sentence message on January 6 to a developer mailing list . He concluded by saying , "  Enjoy ! " "  We had to go through many hoops for that to happen , " Stavrou said of the plan to open-source the software . "  By handing the source code out , other people will be able to take a look and tell us about bugs . " Private interest Many companies have expressed interest in the government smartphone project , officials said . The corporations that were among the first to adopt the BlackBerry are interested in Android , said Verizon 's Schromsky . The Apple spokeswoman also noted that nearly all Fortune 500 companies are testing or have employees using iPhones and iPads . Another obstacle for the government will be to figure out how to secure voice calls , Schromsky said . "  Voice is the immediate need , " Schromsky said . "  These devices are awesome . They can do so many things , but at the end of the day , I still need to make a voice call . " After the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency project is certified for classified data , developers plan to work on securing the Android system for voice-over IP communications using apps such as Skype , Stavrou said .	Government , military officials to get Android phones capable of sharing secret documents The phones will run a modified version of Google 's Android software , sources say Contractor : Google "  more cooperative " than Apple working with government on phones
It 's not going to be Batman versus Superman versus Captain America after all . "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice " and "  Captain America 3 " were both set to arrive in theaters May 6 , 2016 , but Warner Bros ' Caped Crusader/Man of Steel showdown will be released March 25 , 2016 instead , EW has confirmed . The Zack Snyder-directed film will star Henry Cavill as Superman , Ben Affleck as Batman , Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman , Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor , and Jeremy Irons as Alfred . See the original story at EW.com . Your new Thor is a she Captain America being replaced by African-American partner Ben Affleck will be a great Batman , Adam West says Comic-Con : Ben Affleck 's ` Batman ' makes an appearance	Both movies were set for May 2016 "  Batman v Superman " moved to March 2016 Henry Cavill and Ben Affleck will star
CNN  -- First there was friendship . Then there was romance . After that there was marriage . And now , at what would have been a few weeks from her senior year in college , Christian Minard finds herself expelled from school -- because the person she married is another woman . In a letter from earlier this month that Minard shared with CNN , an administrator at Southwestern Christian University noted that he 'd been told of Minard 's same-sex marriage and saw pictures of it posted to Facebook . Such a union is in apparent conflict with the "  lifestyle covenant " of the university "  that all students must agree and sign , " he added . "  As an American and a Christian , I do respect your choice , " the administrator wrote . "  But  I have to uphold the Lifestyle Covenant at SCU and confront you with our position . "  Due to this recent event , you will not be able to attend SCU in the future . " When asked to confirm that the school -- which describes itself as part of the "  International Pentecostal Holiness " denomination -- sent the letter and to elaborate on the decision , the school 's provost , Connie Sjoberg , said only that federal law "  prohibits us from confirming if an individual is or has been a student at our institution . " Sjoberg added , "  We therefore can not comment on your specific request . " Did Minard sign the school 's morality covenant ? Yes , she concedes . But she still thinks her expulsion is unfair . Plenty of other students violate the contract in one way or another without being expelled , she says . Minard thinks she is singled out because she 's a lesbian . In addition to the emotional sting , the 22-year-old says she is now stuck personally -- not knowing what to do , or where to go next . "  I 'm trying to figure out how and where I can graduate , " she told CNN , noting that she 'll have to start paying off her loans at the end of next year unless things change . " ... It 's going to be hard to get into classes that may be full , because they gave me very little notice before the fall semester starts . " What you need to know about same-sex marriage Believes ` gay lifestyle ' compatible with ` faith in God ' Located in the metropolitan Oklahoma City community of Bethany , Southwestern Christian University 's website states the school 's three core values are scholarship , service and spirit . The latter value includes "  building a Christ-centered community , " "  honoring our Pentecostal Holiness heritage " and "  respecting diversity and various Christian backgrounds . " Minard came to the school on scholarship for basketball , though her playing career was cut short after doctors told her -- after she 'd suffered multiple concussions -- that she should avoid sports with physical contact . "  I stayed on without a scholarship , " Minard said , "  because I was so invested in the university and knew that some credits would n't transfer to other schools . " Meanwhile , her life was changing in other ways as well . About 3 1/2 years ago , she met her future spouse , Kadyn Park . They started out as friends , and romance blossomed over time . "  We eventually fell in love and decided to get married , " Minard said . The couple wed March 17 in Albuquerque , New Mexico -- a state where same-sex marriage is legal . She had planned to become a strength and conditioning coach . "  Once I graduated , " Minard said , "  I was willing to go wherever life took me . " Her educational and professional path , though , is now far from clear . Yet Minard feels that she 's in the right place in her own spiritual journey . Having grown up in the Lutheran Church , Minard notes that she "  at first ... struggled " with the idea that her faith was at odds with her sexuality . "  I had questions , but I worked through those questions , " she said . "  And now I have a strong faith in God . And I believe you can still have faith in God and live a gay lifestyle . " Love wins in gay couple 's 40-year immigration fight Utah same-sex marriages already done are valid , appeals court rules	Woman went to Southwestern Christian University on a sports scholarship Letter : An official says Minard 's marriage to another woman violates school policy Minard admits signing a morality pact , but thinks she 's singled out for being lesbian She says you can "  have faith in God and live a gay lifestyle "
CNN  -- Smog is a common sight in Hong Kong , with the amount of polluted days increasing by 28 percent to 303 so far this year . Hong Kongers would be quick to point the finger at Chinese factories across the border . Yet , research is increasingly indicating that the problem is much more localized , coming from emissions produced by shipping . "  What we know in Hong Kong is that up to 50 % of pollution -LSB- locally produced -RSB- sources come from marine vessels , " said Gina McCarthy , administrator at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . Smog levels within the city of over 7 million reached hazardous levels earlier this week , with particles in one urban area , Sham Shui Po hitting a PM2 .5 , hitting 91.7 micrograms per cubic meter of air . Anything above 71 is classified as "  very dangerous " according to the World Health Organization guidelines . Maritime pollution in Hong Kong is blamed for the most sulfur dioxide-related deaths within the region . According to a recent report jointly compiled by the Civic Exchange and The University of Science and Technology , Hong Kong saw 385 deaths caused by the hazardous chemical , for which shipping is to blame . The city lacks regulations in tackling maritime pollution , as there is no legislation or requirements for shipping companies to switch to cleaner fuel when entering Hong Kong waters . Wong Chit-ming , associate professor at the University of Hong Kong 's School of Public Health noted the Asian hub would continue to see a growth in the amount of pollution from container ships under current lack of regulations . He linked this to an ever-increasing flow of marine traffic coming through the city . However , the government is slowly starting to become more aware of the situation , said Simon Ng Ka-wing , head of transport and sustainability research at Civic Exchange , a Hong Kong thinktank that advises the government on policy . "  In the past we pointed fingers to Guangdong -LSB- the province neighboring Hong Kong -RSB- saying it is the only reason we suffer from air pollution without knowing that there is locally produced pollution . But now we are getting a clear picture that we can clean up quicker locally . " The city is lagging behind many other hubs in the world such as those within Europe and North America , which have regulations requiring vessels to switch to cleaner emitting fuel , an initiative known as the Emission Control Area  ECA  . Marine vessels in Hong Kong can burn cheaper and more hazardous 3.5 % sulfur oil , while in various ECA zones , vessels can not exceed 0.5 percent . New regulations by the International Maritime Organization , a United Nations agency that is responsible for the safety of maritime vessels and works to prevent pollution from ships , is looking into forcing vessels to burn no more than 0.5 percent of sulfur by 2020 . This applies to bigger container and cruise ships , whilst smaller local craft are dealt with under other regulation . Arthur Bowring , managing director of the Hong Kong Shipowners Association said that the shipping industry has been extremely proactive in switching to cleaner fuels . "  In 2010 , after discussion and debate , 16 carriers and cruise lines came together in the world 's only truly voluntary commitment to change to a cleaner fuel when at berth or at anchor in Hong Kong , " he said . That agreement , called the Fair Winds Charter cuts port charges by as much as 50 % for those sea vessels that switch to cleaner emitting fuels . "  The Fair Winds Charter was put in place for two years , 2011 and 2012 , to show government that the industry could switch fuel and that incentive followed by regulation would be possible , " Bowring said . It was extended until the end of 2013 , but has an unclear future . A decision on whether to expand it into 2014 is expected later this month . The government is also due to pass legislation next year that will force all marine traffic to comply with more environmentally friendly fuels and introduce an emissions control zone in the territory 's waters . Without urgent regulations , Hong Kong citizens are expected to suffer both short-term and longer-term health effects , such as numerous cancers , putting a burden on the local health system . "  Excess hospitalization , extra treatment , we can translate to money value , " said Wong Chit-ming , associate professor at The University of Hong Kong 's School of Public Health . "  It justifies the government to implement measures to improve the air . " The government is attempting to make the public aware of the adverse health affects that the pollution causes by replacing the 18-year-old air pollution index with an air quality health index from December 30 . In a recent report , published by the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology , introducing an emissions control zone can cut sulfur dioxide emissions in the Pearl River Delta region by as much as 95 % . "  What Hong Kong can probably benefit from is a renewed sense of urgency in addressing this issue , " said Peter Levesque , American Chamber of Commerce Hong Kong Vice Chairman . "  I think in general , Hong Kong understands that it can take the lead by doing what it can to fix the problems here and work with South China to have a regional solution . "	Localized pollution from ships becoming a major contributor towards the city 's smoggy skyline Government is set to introduce legislation on shipping emissions from 2014 Hong Kong has the most fatalities from sulfur emissions in the Pearl River Delta Region , according to a recent study
Hillary Clinton publicly backed President Barack Obama 's authorization of Syrian airstrikes during a panel discussion in New York Wednesday and attempted to dismiss previous disagreements she had with the Obama administration on Syria . Clinton , Obama 's former secretary of state , said the President gave a "  very clear explanation and robust defense of the action he has ordered " regarding airstrikes against the terrorist group ISIS in Syria and Iraq . "  The situation now is demanding a response and we are seeing a very robust response , " Clinton said . "  It is something that I think the President is right to bring the world attention to . " The United States and a coalition of member countries conducted their second day of airstrikes in Syria and Iraq on Tuesday , targeting terrorist cells and organizations in the region . The Clinton Global Initiative panel on developing children 's brains was hosted by CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta , who started the panel with a series of questions for Clinton on Syria . Clinton has not always agreed with Obama on his policies in Syria . As America 's top diplomat , Clinton urged the President to arm Syrian rebels and made clear that she disagreed with Obama 's decision not to arm them in her much-talked-about memoir . But on Wednesday , Clinton dismissed her previous disagreements in light of the current situation . "  Whatever the debates might have been before , this is a threat to the region and beyond , " Clinton said . "  I ca n't sit here today and tell you that if we had done what I had recommended we would be in a very different position . I just ca n't . You ca n't go and prove a negative . " John Kerry : The fight against ISIS is ` going to go on ' She added , "  I think you can always argue back and forth . Certainly when I was in the administration we had some very good discussion , debates even on what to do and how to do it starting in Syria ... I was on one side of the debate , others were on other side . " Earlier in the day , Clinton 's husband -- former President Bill Clinton -- echoed his wife , telling CNN 's Erin Burnett that he supports the airstrikes . "  I personally believe the way they have thought this through and planned it and limited our involvement , avoids ISIS achieving their objective of suckering us into their fight , " Bill Clinton said . "  We should give support for people who are fighting for their lives . " Bill Clinton expects ` an extended involvement ' in Syria , but no land war	Hillary Clinton backs President Obama 's decision to launch airstrikes in Syria She also supports his decision to arm moderate Syrian rebels to fight ISIS As secretary of state , she called for arming the rebels as early as 2011
CNN  -- At 14 years old , most teenagers think the stress of entering high school is enough . But Chinese golfer Andy Zhang , who enters high school next year , was n't satisfied vying for girls and grades . He would rather take on the likes of Bubba Watson , Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson . Zhang has earned a spot as the youngest golfer to ever compete in the U.S. Open , which tees off Thursday at The Olympic Club in San Francisco , California , according to the USGA . Going into the week as an alternate , Zhang did n't think his chances were very good until England 's Paul Casey withdrew with a shoulder injury and Zhang got called up . In true teenage fashion , Zhang said his cell phone "  exploded " at the news . "  Everybody started texting me , " he told CNN . "  I 'm just really excited . " Official site of U.S. Open Zhang grew up in Shandong Province in China , according to Yahoo Sports . He began golfing at the age of 6 and started working with a private coach at the age of 7 . Three years later , his mother brought him to the United States for his first U.S. tournament in San Diego , California . He won the U.S. Kids Golf title for his age group that year and told his mom he wanted to stay . "  He looked at me and said , ` Mom , I do n't want to go back to China . I want to stay here . I love the golf courses , " Zhang 's mother Hui Li told Golf Week . Zhang and his family then moved to Florida , where he began attending IMG Leadbetter Academy in Bradenton . Other notable athletes to come out of IMG academies include American football star Eli Manning and tennis stars Andre Agassi and Maria Sharapova . While at IMG Zhang had a notable success . In February , he set an IMG Junior Golf Tour record with a 9-under-par finish at the World Golf Village in Jacksonville , Florida , according to IMG Academy 's blog . He also has lays claim to two regional youth championships in 2009 and 2010 , according to the U.S. Kids Golf Foundation . But when his parents moved Zhang to the states , they never dreamed he would reach a national stage so early in his career . The task is undoubtedly daunting . "  Usually when I go to tournaments I have friends who are my same age who I can talk to , " he told CNN . "  But here it 's like Bubba Watson , Aaron Baddeley . I was like wow . " Watson picked up on Zhang 's nerves during a shared practice round , telling media that the young player was very quiet . "  Or maybe I just talk too much , " Watson said . Zhang later tweeted that he had a "  great practice round with Bubba ... thanks for all the help ! " Meanwhile , former World No. 1 Woods , who failed to make the U.S. Open when he tried at age 15 , told reporters recently that Zhang deserved the spot . "  That 's the great thing about this game , it 's not handed to you . You have to go out there and put up the numbers and he did , " Woods said . Zhang will tee off Thursday morning with Hiroyuki Fujita and Mark Wilson who are 42 and 37 in the world respectively . "  I take this as a learning experience , if I can make the cut that would be awesome , " he said . "  But I ca n't put any expectations to it , because I 'm 14 . " The USGA reports that Zhang will surpass Tadd Fujikawa , who played in the Open in 2006 at the age of 15 , as the youngest player in the event 's history . Zhang 's chance at stardom comes just days after female Chinese golfer Shanshan Feng won her first LPGA title , becoming the first Chinese national to win a major title -- a testimony to the sport 's growing popularity in China .	Chinese golfer Andy Zhang gains spot in the U.S. Open after two players injured At 14 , Zhang will be the youngest player ever to play in the major tournament Tiger Woods praises the young golfer and says Zhang earned the spot Zhang has no expectations , wants the week to be a "  learning experience "
CNN  -- "  Well , how do you remember any son ? " John Regelbrugge II asked in a telephone call from his home in northern California . The body of his son , Navy Cmdr. John Regelbrugge III , 49 , was among at least 16 bodies recovered after a massive landslide Saturday swallowed houses and trailers in Washington 's Cascade Mountains . At least eight more bodies await inclusion in the official count once medical examiners identify them . "  I mean , you know , he was just one hell of a man , " his father recalled . "  He was a great boy , very active in sports . He loved to hunt . He was one of my hunting partners for years until he went to the Navy . " The Navy , where Regelbrugge served 32 years , said in a statement Thursday that it was still awaiting the coroner 's official report before releasing information about "  our dear shipmate and his family . " But John Regelbrugge II , 72 , had no doubt . The commander 's brothers and two of his sons found his body in a debris field near where Regelbrugge lived with his wife , Kris , who also died . They had hoped to run into him helping the rescue effort , his father said . "  Actually , he 's not officially dead yet , " said his father , choking with emotion . "  You know how the red tape is , the medical examiner and all that crap . There 's no two ways about it . I mean , the boy that called me says , he 's laying at my feet dead . He had the dog next to him . They were n't going to give up until they found him . " His son 's Navy uniforms and his officer 's sword was across the river from where the two-story house once stood in the remote , mountainous area . His son appeared to have his arms up , perhaps trying to protect himself , his father said . Regelbrugge and his wife had slept in on Saturday morning , when they had expected to travel to Seattle to visit their daughter , Sara . "  His brother Greg lives up there and called him at 9:40 in the morning , and he said John just got up and they would get going in a little bit , " John Regelbrugge II recalled . "  Unfortunately , shortly thereafter , the mud hit . They never got going . " Regelbrugge II and his wife raised their family in a rugged and isolated community northwest of Sacramento . That passion for the outdoors and the beauty of the mountains drew his son and his wife to Darrington . "  We live in the middle of nowhere as it is , " the father said . "  Right now , I 'm about nine miles north of a town of about 5,000 and six miles southeast of a town of a little over 1,000 . When John went to school ... there were 800 people in town and a graduating class of 20 or 21 kids . He 's always been in the country . He enjoyed being out . He used to love to ride the horses . He and one of his brothers would disappear up into the hills on the horses and come back hours later . " From Darrington , Regelbrugge commuted to his job at an area naval base , his father said . "  He bought that place in the middle of nowhere , " said John Regelbrugge II . "  That 's why it 's so hard to believe that mudslide wiped anything out . I know they keep saying 30 homes . There were eight homes on Steelhead Drive and that 's where he was . I never saw nothing but a few farms around there . Those eight homes are gone . " John Regelbrugge II said his son threw a big party the Saturday before St. Patrick 's Day that was attended by neighbors from Steelhead Drive and the vicinity . "  All the neighbors were there -- 30 of them , " he said . "  That was everybody that lived there . They were real tight . Everybody had a half-acre or three-quarters of an acre . There were like 30 people living there , and 20-something of them are dead . " Regelbrugge recently served aboard the aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis . A 2012 tweet from the Navy said that at the time , he had three sons in the service : Brian Regelbrugge was a cryptologic technician 2nd Class in the Navy ; Kyle Regelbrugge was a Navy machinist 's mate fireman ; and Scott Regelbrugge was an Army corporal . The couple also had two daughters . "  He loved the Navy , " John Regelbrugge II said . "  That was his big thing . He was his mom 's sailor boy . He had over 27 years on his sea clock . He was out to sea a lot . He took the Navy like a duck takes to water . " Scott Regelbrugge left to work at a local sawmill before the landslide came , his grandfather said . When Regelbrugge joined the Navy , he would write poems to his late mother , Grace . "  She was so proud of him , " the eldest Regelbrugge recalled . "  She passed away on July 28 at 10:35 in the morning . I 'm still trying to get over that . She died of pancreatic cancer . That upset Johnny something terrible too . " Since his mother 's death , Regelbrugge had called his father twice a day to check on him . "  He was worried about me , " the father said . "  I prefer to be alone after my wife died . " Asked how he remembered his son , the father said simply : "  John just loved life . " How to help the victims CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Ana Cabrera and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Navy Cmdr. John Regelbrugge III and his wife were found after deadly landslide The couple slept in on the morning of the landslide , his father said Regelbrugge 's brothers and two of his sons found his body Victim 's father : "  There were like 30 people living there and 20-something of them are dead "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The U.S. State Department has sold its London embassy building to a Qatari real estate company , the embassy announced Tuesday . The signing of the deal is another major step in the embassy 's plans to relocate from its longtime headquarters in central London to a new site in Wandsworth , on the south bank of the River Thames . It was n't immediately clear how much Qatari Diar Real Estate paid for the embassy building in Grosvenor Square , whose 1960s facade was recently given listed status , meaning its design ca n't be changed . The embassy will continue to operate from the current building until the new one is completed in 2016 or 2017 , the embassy said . Construction is expected to begin in 2012 or 2013 . It was a year ago that the embassy announced it was looking for a new site that is more modern , open , and secure than the current building in London 's West End . It has now settled on a site in Wandsworth and is having a design competition for the new building . When the embassy does move to Wandsworth , it will mark the end of a more than 200-year association with Grosvenor Square , in the historic and exclusive neighborhood of Mayfair near Hyde Park . John Adams , who later became U.S. president , lived on the square from 1785 to 1788 , when he was the first U.S. minister to the Court of St. James . The building in which he lived still stands in the square 's northeast corner . The embassy moved to various locations in the West End before returning to Grosvenor Square in 1938 . For years , it occupied a building on the east side of the square -- a building that now houses the Canadian High Commission . During World War II , the square was known as "  Little America " because the embassy was on one side and Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower 's headquarters were on the other . The embassy moved to its current site , occupying the entire west side of the square , when the building was completed in 1960 . The concrete , four-story structure was designed by Eero Saarinen , who also designed the Gateway Arch in St. Louis , Missouri , and the U.S. Air Force Academy Chapel in Colorado Springs , Colorado . Since the September 11 attacks in 2001 , the embassy has caused controversy locally by installing blast walls in a wide perimeter around the building . Neighbors complained the walls were unsightly , and the walls caused the road in front of the building to be closed to traffic . Sitting atop the building at the front is a huge gilded aluminum eagle with a 35-foot wingspan . It is not clear whether the eagle will be considered part of the building 's listed status , meaning it will have to stay on the facade , or whether it can be moved to the new location , according to a spokesman for the realty firm Cushman and Wakefield , which advised the United States on the sale .	Qatari firm buys landmark U.S. Embassy building in Grosvenor Square State Department moving quarters to new building to be finished by 2017 Post 9/11 protections have drawn criticism from embassy 's neighbors
CNN  -- The number of deaths linked to cantaloupes contaminated with the Listeria monocytogenes bacteria has risen to 28 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Tuesday . A total of 133 people in 26 states have been infected , according to the CDC . Additionally , a woman who was pregnant at the time of her illness had a miscarriage . Although health officials have said it is too early to declare the outbreak over , the number of new cases is falling . "  The peak in illnesses appears to have occurred from late August until the middle of September , " Dr. Barbara Mahon of the CDC said last week , adding that additional monitoring will be needed for at least another two weeks . The grower , Jensen Farms of Granada , Colorado , issued a voluntary recall of its Rocky Ford brand cantaloupes on September 14 . The tainted cantaloupes should be off store shelves , the CDC has said . Unsanitary conditions at the Colorado cantaloupe farm 's packing facility are a possible contributing cause of one of the nation 's worst outbreaks of listeria contamination in food , health officials have said . The listeria outbreak is the deadliest food-borne illness outbreak in the United States since 1998 . Groups at high risk for listeria include older adults , people with weakened immune systems and pregnant women . Cantaloupes from Jensen Farms should be disposed of immediately , even if some of them have been partially eaten , the agency recommended . If consumers are uncertain about the source of a cantaloupe , they are urged to ask their supermarket . If the source remains unknown , the fruit should be thrown out . Refrigerating a cantaloupe will not kill the bacteria , which can grow at low temperatures , and consumers should not try to wash off the bacteria .	At least 133 cases have been reported in 26 states The outbreak is not over , but new cases are on the decline The tainted cantaloupes were recalled last month The outbreak is the deadliest food-borne illness outbreak in the United States since 1998
San Diego  CNN  -- Here is an unlikely duel : It 's Jeb Bush , former Florida governor and possible 2016 GOP presidential hopeful , vs. Matt Damon , actor and activist . The topic : School accountability measures that rely on high-stakes testing to determine which students are learning , which educators are teaching and which schools are working . Bush supports the tests , Damon opposes them . More on how their paths crossed in a minute . First , take it from someone who taught for four years as a substitute teacher in my old school district in Central California and who has written about education reform for more than two decades : Many educators do n't want to advertise to the world how well their students are doing academically because , from there , it 's a short walk to grading teacher performance . That is what accountability is all about . You probably have it in your job . I have it in mine . But a lot of public school teachers want nothing to do with it . Accountability includes the No Child Left Behind law , which set forth the radical proposition that all students should be at grade level in math and reading by 2014 . The law also broke down testing data according to race and ethnicity , so minority communities could see how well the public schools in their neighborhoods are serving their students. Enter Damon , whose mother , Nancy Carlsson-Paige , is a professor of early childhood education at Lesley University in Boston . Damon is himself a product of public schools , a fact that he eagerly shared with the crowd of teachers that he addressed in Washington in July 2011 as part of a protest called "  Save Our Schools . " The protesters had gathered because they were upset with the Obama administration , which has picked up the mantle of high-stakes testing from its predecessor through its own education reform initiative , "  Race to the Top . " In his remarks , Damon looked back fondly on his own educational experience while criticizing high-stakes testing and other school accountability measures . "  As I look at my life today , " he told the crowd , "  the things I value most about myself -- my imagination , my love of acting , my passion for writing , my love of learning , my curiosity -- all come from how I was parented and taught . And none of these qualities that I 've just mentioned -- none of these qualities that I prize so deeply , that have brought me so much joy , that have brought me so much professional success -- none of these qualities that make me who I am ... can be tested . " The crowd roared . More recently , Damon -- who grew up in the Boston area but now lives in the Los Angeles area -- has opened a can of worms by recently revealing to the Guardian newspaper that , his love for the public schools notwithstanding , he made other arrangements for his own kids . "  Sending our kids in my family to private school was a big , big , big deal , " Damon said in the interview . "  And it was a giant family discussion . But it was a circular conversation , really , because ultimately we do n't have a choice . I mean , I pay for a private education , and I 'm trying to get the one that most matches the public education that I had , but that kind of progressive education no longer exists in the public system . " The public schools are not progressive enough ? In Los Angeles ? Really ? So despite his fondness for public schools , the 42-year-old actor does n't want his children anywhere near them . Oh , oh . This caught the attention of Jeb Bush , who last week took to Twitter to denounce Damon 's hypocrisy . Jeb Bush  @JebBush  tweeted : "  Matt Damon Refuses to Enroll Kids in Los Angeles Public Schools . Choice ok for Damon , why not everyone else ? " Fair ? You bet . Damon has long been a cheerleader for the public schools , and so the actor deserved this spanking for his self-serving "  good enough for thee , but not for me " defense of a public school system that he and his own family have abandoned . Others have said the same thing . Yet now it is Bush 's turn to get spanked . The liberal media is already -- surprise -- attacking the Republican presidential contender in defense of the Hollywood celebrity . Some have even pointed out that Bush also sent his kids to private school and insisted that this makes the Republican the real hypocrite . I do n't agree . Bush supports school choice and he practiced in his own family . Where 's the inconsistency ? The real issue in this story is n't the personalities . It 's the policy . It was not smart of Damon to attack high-stakes testing -- especially since his own kids , because they attend private school , do n't have to worry about how bad some of our public schools would be without the accountability measures that their daddy opposes so vehemently . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Testing is controversial but provides needed accountabiity in schools Matt Damon , a proud graduate of public schools , questioned emphasis on testing Damon said he did n't send his kids to public schools as they lack "  progressive education " Navarrette : Jeb Bush was right to call out Damon for not living up to his ideals
CNN  -- A man shot up a federal courthouse and a Mexican consulate -- which he also seemingly tried to set ablaze -- in Austin , Texas , early Friday before being shot dead outside police headquarters , that city 's police chief said . The shooter fired "  over 100 rounds " in a roughly 10-minute span , but he did not hit anyone even though the bullets ricocheted at a typically busy time in downtown Austin , when streets fill with people after bars close for the night . "  This Thanksgiving ... weekend , I give thanks that no one but the suspect is injured or deceased , " police Chief Art Acevedo said . "  That 's something that we should all take a lot of comfort in . " The shooter was identified in a tweet from Austin police as 49-year-old Larry McQuilliam Acevedo said he was an Austin resident who had a criminal history . Authorities have not offered a motive , but the police chief said that the shooter 's "  violent anti-government behavior " -- as evidenced by attacking buildings that belong to Mexico 's government , the U.S. government and , in the police headquarters , the city government -- may have come from ongoing and often vitriolic debates in society . "  Our political discourse has become very heated and sometimes very angry , and sometimes the rhetoric is not healthy , " Acevedo said , adding that the divisive immigration debate "  comes to mind , " given that the federal courthouse and Mexican Consulate were targeted . "  I would venture , based on my training and experience , that the political rhetoric might have fed into some of this . " The first 911 calls about gunshots came in at 2:22 a.m. Friday , with some reporting a "  possible automatic weapon being fired " a few minutes later . Very soon after that , police started to hear about gunfire near a recently opened federal courthouse and then at the city 's nearby Mexican Consulate . Acevedo later said the suspect -- using small cylinders often used for camping -- is thought to have ignited a fire at the consulate , though those flames were extinguished before any extensive damage was done . The police headquarters "  came under attack " about 2:32 a.m. , Acevedo said , at which time a sergeant with the department 's mounted police unit happened to be outside , putting away horses . "  As he held two horses with one hand , he discharged ... at least one round with a single-handed shot , " the chief said . "  That would have been one heck of a shot . So part of our investigation will be whether the suspect died from our gunshot , from a self-inflicted gunshot or from a combination of both . " After the gunman went down , officers spotted "  suspicious cylinders " inside his van . And when they dragged the gunman away , officers noticed "  some type of vest on the suspect " -- something that Acevedo said could have been "  simply a protective vest or potentially an IED suicide-type vest that is known to be used around the world . " Authorities immediately called in the bomb squad and closed off the surrounding area , including for a time stopping all traffic on a stretch of Interstate 35 . A few hours later , they determined there were no explosives at the site . The suspect 's residence "  has been secured and is safe , " according to Acevedo 's twitter account . Acevedo said that investigators , including FBI agents , "  will be looking at everything , " even social media accounts , to try to determine what the gunman was thinking . The chief also said that he hopes the incident -- coming at a time of much-publicized , deep-seated anger at police after a Missouri grand jury 's decision not to charge a Ferguson police officer in the fatal shooting of Michael Brown -- prompts people to think about the dangers that police face , and overcome , every day to keep residents safe . "  We are under siege at times , " Acevedo said . "  And it 's important for people to realize that the men and women in this profession are  the public 's defense  when it comes to ... any type of threat , from terrorists or the common criminal . " CNN 's Tina Burnside and Joshua Berlinger contributed to this report .	NEW : Police have identified the deceased as 49-year-old Larry McQuilliams He was an Austin resident and had a criminal history , authorities say A police sergeant shot at the gunman while holding two horses , police chief says The chief speculates that angry , unhealthy political rhetoric may have fed into the attack
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Authorities were carrying out raids at medical stores in India 's western Gujarat state for bogus drugs and recycled syringes after a hepatitis B outbreak left 32 people dead , officials said Saturday . Hepatitis-B patient Mahir Husain , center , is comforted at The Civil Hospital , Ahmedabad , Wednesday . Five medical practitioners were also arrested for violations , said Malayappan Thennarasan , the top administrator of the state 's Sabarkantha district . One of those arrested is being held for allegedly reusing injection syringes , Thennarasan said . Health authorities have recorded 111 cases of hepatitis B infection in the district over the past two weeks , he added . "  Of them , 32 have died , " he said . Health officials have launched an awareness campaign in the district , Thennarasan said this week . Hepatitis B is a contagious liver disease resulting from infection with the hepatitis B virus , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It usually spreads through blood , semen , or other bodily fluids , often through sexual contact or sharing needles or syringes with an infected person , the CDC says . The disease can range from a mild illness lasting a few weeks to a serious , chronic illness resulting in long-term health problems or death , according to the CDC .	An outbreak of contagious liver disease hepatitis B kills 32 people in India The victims died in the state of Gujarat in western India in the past two weeks Officials record 111 cases of the disease in the Sabarkantha district
CNN  -- Three times as many Asian-Americans have been running for Congress in 2012 than in the past two elections , a nonpartisan political group says , and it 's a development that portends greater changes in demographic trends and reflects the recent political awakening of a minority group long confined to the margins of American society . "  It 's extremely exciting , " says Gloria Chan , president and CEO of the Asian Pacific Institute for Congressional Studies . "  We could really stand to gain seats and affect the balance of power in Congress . " Including Pacific Islanders , 30 Asian-Americans launched campaigns for Congress this year , compared with 10 in 2010 and eight in 2008 , according to an APICS count . Though several of the Asian-American candidates lost their primaries , others stand to become the first people of Asian descent in their respective states -- New York , Tennessee and Florida , for instance -- to join the legislative body . Appearing on CNN Sunday night , U.S. Rep. Judy Chu , D-California , heralded this year 's election as a potential watershed moment for Asian-Americans in politics . "  It 's a great step forward for all of us when the people who are making the decisions about America look like America , " said Chu , who in 2009 became the first Chinese woman elected to Congress . "  I am so proud of these Asian-Americans who are now running . " Chan added that Asian-Americans ' surging involvement in politics could have reverberations far beyond Washington . "  For the Asian-American and Pacific Islander community , there 's always this stereotype -- we 're quiet , we do n't speak up , we do n't fight back when we 're made fun of , we 're nerds , etc. " Chan says . "  It 's been difficult for Asian-Americans to break through those stereotypes . " Opinion : Will Jeremy Lin 's success in NBA end stereotypes ? But Chan is optimistic that the recent explosion of Asian-Americans in prominent positions could help dispel the stereotype and "  shed light on what our communities are really about and the challenges we face . " Having Asian-Americans in leadership roles , she said , could augment the group 's political voice . Yet some experts noted that the campaigns also have the capacity to show the ugliness of American racism . "  There 's always been this question , ` How American are Asians ? ' " says Curtis Chin , board president of Asian Pacific Americans for Progress . "  A lot of politicians still play off of this : ` Asian-Americans , how much do we trust them ? Where are their loyalties ? ' In districts where there is n't a lot of exposure , they can be defined in racial ways . " Chin added that , unlike some groups , Asian-American politicians face the additional difficulty of lacking an entrenched support network , noting that "  it 's a community that 's still developing an infrastructure . " "  I think there 's still a big learning curve . When you compare  Asian-Americans  to a community that has a pool of donors , a list of talking points -- I think there 's still a lot of work to be done , " he said . "  But I think there 's a lot of opportunity , too , because these candidates are fresh . ... We 're a new face , we 're not the standard politician you 've seen before . " Rep. Michael Honda , D-California , is an Asian-American elected to Congress in 2001 , and he agreed that some candidates try to leverage their opponents ' perceived foreignness into electoral advantage . "  Some will say this person has connections to China or Japan . ... There 's so much out and out blatant racism . In 2010 , there were a handful of politicians who used Chinese or Asian languages in their commercials , " Honda said , though he added he had not yet seen similar bigotry in the 2012 races . Honda is no stranger to anti-Asian sentiment in America . Just a toddler at the time , he and his parents were forced into a Japanese internment camp during World War II -- a memory Honda says left an indelible imprint on his career and aspirations . He said that as he grew up , he increasingly understood the necessity for Asian-Americans to gain a political foothold . But that was difficult , if not impossible , for a population that represented a fraction of the population . That may be rapidly changing . According to a report released in June by the Pew Research Center , Asian-Americans are among the fastest-growing groups in the United States . In 2010 , 36 % of new immigrants to the U.S. were Asians while 31 % were Hispanics , the study found . Just a decade ago , 19 % of immigrants were Asians and 59 % were Hispanics . The growth of Asian-Americans ' political clout tends to favor Democrats . Of the 30 who filed to run in 2012 , 25 are Democrats , according to APICS . About 60 % of the diverse group -- which experts urge should not be considered a monolithic entity -- voted for Barack Obama in 2008 . Their vote could prove crucial in some battleground states , where a growing and increasingly energized Asian-American voting bloc is realizing that -- at 6 % of the population -- they have significant political clout . "  We used to be marginalized politically , but now people are understanding we 're the margin of victory , " Honda said . Speaking with CNN 's Poppy Harlow on Sunday , Chu expressed similar sentiments . "  Asian-Americans are more enthusiastic than ever , and , in fact , five out of six look forward to voting in this election , " Chu said . "  I think it 's because they really appreciate being American . " Read CNN 's In America blog	Asian Pacific Institute for Congressional Studies monitors elections It says 30 Asian-Americans launched congressional bids in 2012 vs. 10 hopefuls in 2010 U.S. Rep. Judy Chu , D-California : "  It 's a great step forward " Asian-Americans are among the fastest-growing groups in the U.S.
Since Islamic State fighters entered Iraq from Syria , they have given the world a revolting look at their ruthlessness . They have left the severed heads of their vanquished on spikes . They have filled mass graves with the summarily executed . They have slaughtered and enslaved ethnic minority Yazidis . When the Islamic State drove tens of thousands of them up mountains , where many died of thirst , it seemed the last straw . U.S. President Barack Obama ordered airstrikes to beat them back . But the same cruelty has fumed next door in Syria -- along with the atrocities committed by forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad against rebel fighters . While the world focused on the plight of the Yazidis in Iraq , 500 Syrian civilians died practically unnoticed . So , why is the United States intervening in Iraq , while avoiding Syria ? The answers lie in some clear differences in the two conflicts : 1 . International opposition No nation protects Islamic State . Even al Qaeda is disgusted by its viciousness . But international political entanglement awaits any power pondering action in Syria , due to loyalties to al-Assad . As the United States and its allies have called for action against his regime , China and Russia have put their foot down in the UN Security Council . And Russia has kept al-Assad well-armed . Although Russia rails against Muslim extremists , a U.S. intervention -- even only against Islamic State -- would meet with deep distrust in the Kremlin , especially after the relationship with Washington hit the dustbin over Ukraine . Iran , a close al-Assad ally , would likely also be up in arms . Tehran is allegedly supplying Shia militia Hezbollah , which has crossed from Lebanon to shore up al-Assad 's troops . 2 . Confusing battlefield Syria 's war is a checkerboard battle -- government troops and Hezbollah in a fight against Islamic State and other resistance groups , who also battle each other . Obama does n't see a strong partner in the politically fractured Free Syrian Army , because it 's hardly a formidable force against al-Assad 's professional army . In Iraq , the battle lines are clearer -- the Iraqi government with U.S. support vs. Islamic State . Baghdad has made a shaky showing against the militants . But in the north , Washington has a strong , loyal partner in semi-autonomous Kurdistan . Many of the U.S. advisers deployed to Iraq are stationed in its capital Irbil to support Peshmerga troops in hot confrontation with Islamic state . 3 . Ineffective airstrikes The Syrian government has professional air defenses , including its own air force , which would give the U.S. military serious resistance . Though Islamic State has struck some aircraft , its air defenses are flimsy when compared to al-Assad 's . The Iraqi government was bombing Islamic State long before U.S. drones and warplanes joined them , and the Kurdish government has begged for U.S. air support . President Obama has approved targeted strikes in Iraq , but his hawkish critics in Washington have called for much tougher U.S. military action against the Islamist extremists . 4 . We broke it . We fix it . It 's a moan often heard in the United States these days . Iraq would not be in this predicament , had U.S. forces not invaded and destabilized it . Morally , the country owes them . Add to that the American and civilian lives lost in the war to depose former dictator Saddam Hussein , the hundreds of billions spent , the training and arming of Iraqi forces . The U.S. has no such vested interest in Syria . But , says CNN analyst Fareed Zakaria , that 's a stance Washington ca n't afford to maintain . "  The United States should develop a more cogent and integrated policy approach that deals with Syria and Iraq together -- the challenges in both countries are becoming more interlinked , " he said . 5 . A wariness to step in To be sure , the President 's stance has its critics . Republican Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham want Obama to take the fight against Islamic State into Syria . Respect for its borders take a back seat to stopping the extremists , they say . Former U.S. Ambassador to Syria Robert Ford resigned in protest of America 's inaction against al-Assad . He has found fault with Washington for allowing Islamic State to burgeon in Syria . And former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recently said that the President does not apply U.S. might aggressively enough . But , after pulling the country out of two wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , the President has said that the United States should be leery of trying to solve the world 's crisis . As he has reportedly said , "  Do n't do stupid stuff . " How religion could complicate U.S. intervention in Iraq Opinion : What the U.S. can realistically do in Iraq	Islamic State cruelty has fumed in Syria , too , along with government atrocities But complex entanglements would make it more difficult to act there than in Iraq In Syria , the government would fight against the U.S. ; in Iraq they are partners
CNN  -- Starting February 25 , more than 65,000 people are expected to descend on Barcelona , Spain for Mobile World Congress  MWC  : a trade show for the mobile industry to show off its latest phones , tablets , apps and services . It 's the biggest show for mobile technology , and as mobile is so hot right now , it 's arguably the most important show in tech overall . Most companies use it as the platform to set out their agenda for the year and give us a taste of the innovations we can expect to see , but there 's a more practical reason why this show matters so much to the companies exhibiting there . There is a brutal war going on right now for new smartphone and tablet customers , with Samsung and Apple winning . According to research firm IDC , Apple and Samsung now have more than half the worldwide smartphone market between them . That makes it vital for all the other major hardware players to have a good MWC , or risk irrelevance . Here 's what I 'm expecting to see : Better camera phones Photography will be a big theme of Nokia and HTC 's launches . Nokia generated the biggest buzz at last year 's MWC with its PureView camera phone , a model with an unbelievably high 42-megapixel camera sensor . CNET reviewed it after the show was finished , and we loved the camera , but found the Symbian operating system it ran lacking . This year , Nokia watchers are hoping it will put the same camera technology on a Windows phone , which should make it a much more compelling product . The Windows phone platform could certainly do with that sort of boost -- so far , sales have n't exactly set the world alight . HTC also really needs a hit right now , and it 's taking no chances by holding its MWC press conference a week before the show actually starts to make sure someone else 's shiny gadget does n't blast it off the news agenda . To tease its announcement on Tuesday 19 , the company has released an infographic called "  a brief history of photography " . It does n't give much away , but the inference is that phone manufacturers have been focusing on increasing the number of megapixels in camera phones , rather than picture quality . We 'll know more very shortly . Bigger screens Large screens are set to dominate : if leaked pictures of various handsets are to be believed , many vendors will be showing off phones with 5-inch screens with a 1080p resolution -- the same number of pixels you get on a high-definition TV . Even a 5-inch screen is n't enough for some people . Samsung single-handedly created a new product category , the "  phablet , " in 2011 with its Galaxy Note . This phone/tablet hybrid combines a near 6-inch screen with a pen and has sold in the millions . Everyone is going to want a piece of this action at MWC . A game-changing tablet ? One product area I 'm hoping will see some development at MWC is tablets . No one has made the perfect tablet yet : the iPad is a great product , but it 's limited and I find myself having to use a computer to perform certain tasks . Windows 8 tablets are interesting and experimental , but no one has nailed it . The field is still wide open for a company to create a single product that can replace a traditional laptop and an iPad-style tablet . Nokia is working on one , although I doubt it will reveal it at MWC . Samsung used last year 's show to show off tablets operated with a pen , so we 'll probably see some more of those . But I 'm keeping my fingers crossed for a smaller player , perhaps a company like Asus , to show the rest of the world how it should be done . Mozilla 's mobile OS Speaking of smaller players , Mozilla , makers of the Firefox web browser , is creating a mobile phone operating system and is expected to show off the hardware it will run on at its press conference . I 'm not sure the world needs another mobile operating system : if Microsoft is struggling to get traction with Windows Phone against the might of Apple 's iOS and Google 's Android , what chance does Mozilla have ? But for gadget fans like me , it 's always good to have something new to talk about . On the services side , I 'm going to be looking for anything that takes advantage of the 4G internet connections that are slowly being rolled out across Europe . The promise of the speed 4G offers is that our phones will be able to do many more things . But so far , companies have had difficulty saying what they actually will be , beyond faster web browsing and downloading video . A couple of things we wo n't see : Samsung wo n't unveil a successor to its wildly popular Galaxy S3 at MWC . That will come at its own dedicated event later in the year so it can maximize the chatter around it . And although we will hear a lot about apps for Apple 's iPhone , Apple itself wo n't exhibit . Here comes Huawei My final tip is to watch out for Huawei . You might not see them much in phone shops , but the Chinese mega-corp wants to dominate the Western market . IDC put Huawei as the number three in the world in terms of smartphone shipments . At CNET , we 've seen interest in the brand increase by over 800 % in a year , based on our internal data , as it released a series of cheap Android phones that were actually rather good . MWC will see it try and build on that success and expand into the high end . It might just work . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Jason Jenkins .	Mobile World Congress  MWC  is the year 's biggest trade show for the mobile industry Most companies use it as the platform to set out their agenda for the year There is a brutal war going on for new smartphone and tablet customers Jenkins : Major hardware players must have a good MWC or risk irrelevance
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The Israeli navy took control of a boat that violated an Israeli blockade and crossed into Gazan waters Tuesday , the Israel Defense Forces said , while a Gaza group said the ship was carrying humanitarian aid , a former U.S. congresswoman and a Nobel laureate . Cynthia McKinney reportedly is asking the international community to demand the crew 's release . The boat 's crew included former U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney , according to the Free Gaza Movement , a human rights group that sent the boat it calls "  Spirit of Humanity " from Cyprus . Along with McKinney , who served six terms in the House of Representatives from Georgia and was the Green Party 's presidential nominee in 2008 , Israeli authorities took 20 people into custody , the group said . Also aboard , the group said , was Mairead Maguire , who co-founded a group that worked for peace in Northern Ireland . Maguire and co-founder Betty Williams received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1977 for their work . IDF said the Israeli navy contacted the boat , which it called the Arion , while it was still at sea and warned the crew they would not be allowed to enter Gazan waters "  because of security risks in the area and the existing naval blockade . " Disregarding all warnings , the boat entered Gazan coastal waters , IDF said . An Israeli navy force intercepted , boarded and took control of the boat , directing it toward Ashdod , Israel , IDF said . The boat 's crew , the military said , would "  be handed over to the proper authorities . " Without naming individuals on the boat , IDF confirmed the incident it described was the same one detailed by the Free Gaza Movement . According to the Free Gaza group , McKinney said , "  This is an outrageous violation of international law against us . Our boat was not in Israeli waters , and we were on a human rights mission to the Gaza Strip , " before authorities confiscated cell phones . "  President Obama just told Israel to let in humanitarian and reconstruction supplies , and that 's exactly what we tried to do . We 're asking the international community to demand our release so we can resume our journey , " McKinney said , according to the group . McKinney 's father , former Georgia state legislator Billy McKinney of Atlanta , said he received a call from his daughter about 3 a.m. Tuesday . She told him "  I 'm OK . I 'm OK , " then hung up as Israeli military began to board the ship , Billy McKinney said . He added that the U.S. State Department gave his family a contact with the U.S. Embassy in Israel but by Tuesday night the family had not heard anything back from the embassy . IDF said the aid aboard the boat would be delivered to Gaza "  subject to authorization . " "  Any organization or country that wishes to transfer humanitarian aid to the Gaza Strip can legally do so via the established crossings between Israel and the Gaza Strip with prior coordination , " IDF said . Free Gaza said the Spirit of Humanity voyage is the eighth such trip the group has launched . Five succeeded , the group said , but the Israeli military stopped attempts in January and December 2008 .	Free Gaza Movement says its boat was taking aid to Gaza Israel says it warned boat not to ignore naval blockade Cynthia McKinney , Nobel laureate Mairead Maguire among boat 's crew Military says aid aboard boat will be delivered "  subject to authorization "
London , England  CNN  -- London 's two major airports were closed Monday as a cloud of ash from a volcano in Iceland moved east into England , British air authorities said . All flights into and out of Heathrow and Gatwick airports have been canceled for a six-hour period beginning early Monday , airport officials said . The affected flights are those scheduled between 1 a.m.  8 p.m. Sunday ET  and 7 a.m.  2 a.m. ET  . The Monday cancellations were the latest in a round of weekend closures of airports across the United Kingdom and into continental Europe . Amsterdam 's Schipol Airport announced it would be closed Monday from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m.  midnight Sunday to 8 a.m. ET  , according to an airport spokeswoman , who said officials were waiting on guidance from air authorities to decide when flights will resume . Birmingham , Norwich Manchester and Liverpool airports were closed on Sunday evening , controllers announced . In addition , Dublin 's airport closed overnight , the Irish Aviation Authority said Sunday , and will remain closed until at least 9 a.m.  4 a.m.  Monday . International flights through Irish airspace will not be affected , it said . Waterford airport was set to close at 11 p.m.  6 p.m.  and four other Irish airports remain closed . Shannon , Cork and Kerry airports are open . Flights were also stopped at all airports in Northern Ireland , as well as the British airports at Ronaldsway , Prestwick , Carlisle , Doncaster , Humberside , Leeds Bradford and East Midlands . Some Scottish island airports also shut down , including Campbeltown , Islay and Barra , the air traffic control agency NATS announced . And if the volcano continues to erupt at current levels and weather conditions prevail , air travel in Britain could be disrupted between Sunday and Tuesday . "  The government is carefully monitoring this situation and the safety of passengers will remain our paramount concern , " said Philip Hammond , transport secretary . The department said predictions remain fluid , urging passengers to check with airlines before taking any action . British Airways said it would notify passengers of potential disruptions on its website . "  There is a distinct possibility of some disruption from the ash cloud over the southeast of England , but it is too early to tell if this will extend as far as Heathrow or Gatwick yet , " a BA spokesman told CNN . Volcanic ash had forced the closing of Iceland 's main airport Friday but it reopened at midnight and operated normally on Saturday . Earlier in the week , traffic was shut down in airports from central Spain to the Canary Islands off the coast of Africa . The problems began in mid-April , when the volcano beneath the Eyjafjallajokull glacier in southern Iceland erupted and sent a cloud of ash into the atmosphere , disrupting international travel for several days . There 's no way to know how long the volcano will continue spewing ash into the air , Georgia Tech scientist Josef Dufek told CNN . "  It could go on another year , " he said , noting that an eruption lasted that long in 1820 . Volcanic ash can be a serious hazard to aircraft , reducing visibility , damaging flight controls and ultimately causing jet engines to fail . British ministers agreed Saturday that five-day ash-prediction charts would now be made available to airlines , other transport providers and the public on the Met Office website . Previously , only 18-hour forecasts had been available . CNN 's Caroline Paterson contributed to this report .	NEW : Amsterdam 's Schipol Airport to close Monday from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. Affected flights for Gatwick and Heathrow are scheduled between 1 a.m. and 7 a.m. Three of Ireland 's airports also affected , as well as Manchester and Liverpool Problems started in April after eruption of volcano beneath the Eyjafjallajokull glacier
Nearly a dozen fake applicants were able to obtain coverage subsidies under Obamacare during undercover testing of enrollment controls , a government watchdog said . The Government Accountability Office , the investigative arm of Congress , created 18 fictitious applicants to test the Affordable Care Act 's "  front-end " controls for verifying an applicant 's identity or citizenship status . In 12 cases , the "  applicants " applied online or by telephone . Eleven obtained subsidized coverage . One was denied because the "  applicant " did not provide a Social Security number -- omitted purposely as part of the test . Six other fake applicants used , or tried to use , in-person assistance . Five were unable to obtain such help , and the sixth was correctly told that the applicant 's stated income would not qualify for a subsidy . The chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee 's subcommittee on oversight , which commissioned the GAO study , presided over a hearing Wednesday on the test 's results . "  Sadly , this should not be terribly surprising , " said Rep. Charles Boustany , a Louisiana Republican . "  The question is whether the  Obama  administration is being a good steward of taxpayer dollars and is putting in place adequate controls to protect those dollars from fraud , waste , and abuse . The history of the health care law 's implementation suggests the answer is no , " Boustany said . As of Wednesday , coverage remains in effect for all 11 approved applications , according to the GAO 's investigations director Seto Bagdoyan . The ACA provides subsidies through the marketplace to eligible applicants , at significant cost to taxpayers . According to the Congressional Budget Office , the estimated net cost of coverage provisions to the federal government is $ 36 billion for fiscal year 2014 , and $ 1.4 trillion for fiscal years 2015 through 2024 -- with subsidies accounting for most of the cost . Knowingly providing false information is a violation of federal law , subject to a $ 25,000 fine . The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services oversees online marketplaces , which are in turn required to take several steps to verify application information . In a statement , CMS spokesman Aaron Albright said "  the steps we take to ensure that individuals and families get the premium support and coverage they deserve , and that no one receives a benefit they should n't , are ongoing and have not concluded . " Albright said the health exchange marketplace has "  several layers of safeguards " to verify applicant information , including a requirement that consumers submit accurate information when applying for health coverage . But he said that CMS is nonetheless "  examining this report carefully and will work with GAO to identify additional strategies to strengthen our verification processes . " FAQ : What the Obamacare court decisions mean for you CNN Poll : Is Obamacare working ? Split decisions on Obamacare : The impact on 4.7 million Americans	Government Accountability Office set up fictitious applicants for health care plans Eleven people were able to obtained subsidized insurance coverage under Obamacare The matter came before Congress at a hearing on Wednesday
Ashkelon , Israel  CNN  -- It 's become a daily routine for Israelis living near Gaza : a casual conversation interrupted by an air-raid siren , then a furious rush to find cover , and finally -- if all goes well -- a flash in the sky indicating an incoming rocket has been intercepted . While Israelis are protected by the relatively new Iron Dome missile interceptor system , it has n't abated the fear that one of the dozens of rockets fired from Hamas-controlled Gaza into Israel in recent days will strike nearby . More details on Iron Dome Schools and businesses in southern Israel near the Palestinian territory of Gaza are closed , as Hamas militants and the Israeli military mull their next move . Just a few miles from Gaza in the southern Israeli city of Ashkelon -- which has been repeatedly targeted by militants in recent days -- Effie and Andi Moradian decided to move their family into their parents ' apartment building to protect their three kids from incoming rocket strikes . "  It  has  a safe room , it 's got thicker walls and it 's more or less blast resistant , " explained Effie Moradian . His two daughters pass the time on their grandparents ' sofa , reading books and drawing flowers and colorful butterflies . The monotony is constantly interrupted by the sound of explosions outside . Effie Moradian says it 's unclear if the rocket landed or if it was intercepted . Victims in Gaza too young to understand Either way , the fear is the same . "  It 's really frightening especially when we 're in school and hear a ` boom ' and there 's bombing , " said 11-year-old Shiraz Moradian . Wedged between a crowded bookcase and the metal door to the apartment 's small safe room is pile of cushions and blankets heaped on the floor . That 's where all three children will sleep for the foreseeable future . The Moradians , like many other Israeli families , are taking no chances that their family will be protected by the Iron Dome -- which has shot down approximately half of the nearly 600 rockets that have struck Israel since the conflict began Wednesday . "  We ca n't go on like this , " said Ashkelon Mayor Benny Vaknin , who drives the streets of his city checking on residents . "  We have 131,000 people here and 26,000 children . They are constantly under threat . " Rafel Moshe , who was playing backgammon at a pizza place downtown , echoed the mayor 's thoughts . "  They do n't want peace , " said Moshe , speaking of the people in Gaza . "  How would you feel if your children were constantly scared ? " The city 's residents have experience dealing with how to quickly move to air raid shelters and some , like Moshe , have a "  Red Alert " app for their smart phones that tracks rocket attacks . Israel and Hamas : How the conflict reignited "  We do n't want war but there are people all the time shooting at Israel and we are quiet -- we stay quiet -- and the world does n't see the truth , " Moshe said . And it 's not just in southern Israel where nerves are frayed . In Jersualem -- some 50 miles away from Gaza -- sirens went off on a calm Friday evening , startling James Cheatham who sent video to iReport . Cheatham said people ran for safety -- most apartments in Jerusalem are equipped with bomb shelters -- and later , the distant sound of a rocket exploding could be heard . "  You feel very vulnerable and you 're really not sure where to go , because you do n't know where they will land , " he told CNN . "  I 'm a Christian , so we do a lot of praying . " In Israel 's second most populous city , Tel Aviv , life was relatively normal last week as explosions could be heard from the current conflict . "  Tel Aviv is quite in a routine mode . There 's no panic , but the streets are half empty , " explained Shachar Laudon , who submitted photos to iReport . "  Many are in their homes . There is tension over the city and many are confused . "  Many still do n't know what to do in case of an attack . " Frederik Pleitgen reported from Ashkelon and Tricia Escobedo from Atlanta .	Israel-Gaza conflict has created widespread fear across the Jewish state Israeli family in Ashkelon has moved three kids into grandparents ' apartment Rocket fire can be seen , heard as far away as Jerusalem , Tel Aviv ` Iron Dome ' shield has busted half of incoming rockets so far
CNN  -- It seems the 2012 election cycle learned tricks employed by criminals and dictators . NBC reported last summer that an anonymous shell company made a $ 1 million donation to Restore Our Future , a pro-Mitt Romney PAC . The company , which was incorporated this year in Delaware -- a state known for peddling corporate secrecy -- then quickly dissolved , leaving no trace of the person who controlled it . The negative publicity surrounding this news report led the anonymous donor to identify himself and the PAC to confirm it . But there is no reason to believe that this is the first or the last instance of campaign finance hiding behind the opacity of anonymous U.S. shell companies . Even more troubling , this example demonstrates just how easy it is to exploit U.S. laws and use anonymous companies to funnel money through the financial system . Individuals can legally disguise their identities and assets behind anonymous shell companies . Information about the beneficial , or ultimate , owner of a company is not required to be collected when a company forms . This enables people , including those on financial sanctions lists , to hide behind anonymous corporate vehicles and deposit illicit funds into American banks . Congress has worked hard to tighten laws to combat money laundering and tax evasion , but incorporation laws continue to allow the formation and operation of anonymous shell companies that fly under the radar , making it nearly impossible for law enforcement to do its job . The same loophole that allowed a donor to hide behind an anonymous shell company provides terrorists , corrupt foreign politicians and drug traffickers opportunity to squirrel dirty money into and through the U.S. financial system . Pariah regimes such as Iran have benefited from secrecy provided by American shell companies . A lengthy and expensive investigation by the Department of Justice uncovered a complex nesting of shell companies that allowed Iran to profit from New York 's pricey real estate market . Viktor Bout , on trial in New York on terrorism charges , is also accused of setting up a global network of shell companies to disguise illicit activities . The Nicolas Cage movie "  Lord of War " is loosely based on this Russian arms dealer , who authorities say provided weapons used to fuel conflicts throughout Africa , South America and the Middle East . After he was extradited to the U.S. last year , Attorney General Eric Holder said , "  Long considered one of the world 's most prolific arms traffickers , Bout will appear in federal court in Manhattan to answer charges of conspiring to sell millions of dollars worth of weapons to a terrorist organization for use in trying to kill Americans . To date , 12 American shell companies linked to Bout  PDF  have been identified -- incorporated in Texas , Florida and Delaware . Corrupt foreign politicians also take advantage of anonymous U.S. front companies to hide money they have stolen from their own countries . In Equatorial Guinea , the Obiang regime stashed millions of dollars in American banks while poverty in the country worsened . The president 's son , despite a monthly salary of less than $ 7,000 , used wire transfers and American shell companies to funnel more than $ 100 million through U.S. banks -- funds that allowed him to purchase  PDF  a $ 35 million mansion in Malibu and a $ 33 million private jet . There is a simple solution that would prevent these crimes . If states collected information about the real people who own or control a company when it is formed , it would be much harder for criminals to hide their identities in order to launder illicit funds into the financial system . In August , Sens. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , and Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , introduced a bill that would close this loophole . The Incorporation Transparency and Law Enforcement Assistance Act  PDF  would require states to maintain a registry of the beneficial owners of each corporation and LLC formed according to its laws . This is an easy change . States would need only to add a question inquiring about the ultimate owner of the company to incorporation forms they already use . Multiple law enforcement agencies have endorsed the bill , which would give them access to this information . Setting a standard for collecting information about the true owner of a company would level the playing field between the states while preventing terrorists , drug traffickers and kleptocrats from hiding behind corporate secrecy . It would also strengthen our homeland security , make it harder for corrupt politicians to steal money that should be used to eliminate poverty and reduce the ability of Americans and foreigners alike to anonymously donate large sums of money to political campaigns . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stefanie Ostfeld .	Stefanie Ostfeld : Owners of shell companies can donate to politicans anonymously Ostfeld : Shell companies allow people to disguise names , assets to launder money Shell companies provide secrecy to pariah regimes , criminals , gun runners , she says A proposed law would require ultimate owners to name themselves , Ostfeld writes
CNN  -- A pair of siblings who served decades behind bars in the rape and murder of a North Carolina child will walk out of prison free men Wednesday after DNA evidence implicated someone else . Henry McCollum and Leon Brown were just teenagers when they were arrested in 1983 and charged with the rape and murder of 11-year-old Sabrina Buie in Red Springs , about 30 miles southeast of Fayetteville in rural Robeson County . Buie 's body was found in an area of Red Springs known as something of a "  lovers ' lane , " according to Joe Freeman Britt , the district attorney who prosecuted them in the '80s . The ground was littered with "  beer cans , condoms and cigarettes , " Britt said . It was one of those cigarette butts that ultimately set them free . DNA found on a cigarette "  matched another individual named Roscoe Artis , a convicted rapist and murderer who lived less than 100 yards from where the victim 's body was found , " said a statement from McCollum 's and Brown 's attorneys . Artis is serving a life sentence in a North Carolina prison on a separate conviction . It was not immediately clear Tuesday whether prosecutors would bring charges against him for Buie 's murder . CNN Original Series : ` Death Row Stories ' "  This is the most blessed day , " Brown kept repeating Tuesday , according to his attorney , Ann Kirby , "  It was an amazing moment for everyone , " added Vernetta Alston , an attorney for McCollum . Only not everyone thought it was so amazing . "  This a tragic day for justice in Robeson County , " said Britt . When asked whether Britt still believes he got the conviction right , without hesitation , he said , "  absolutely . " "  These guys got three trials . Thirty-six people reviewed it and thought the confessions were correct , " Britt told CNN . "  You know how hard it is to get a conviction in a capital case ? " McCollum , 50 , was 19 at the time of his arrest . He was sentenced to death in 1984 and is North Carolina 's longest-serving death row inmate . Brown , who is four years younger than his half-brother , was initially sentenced to death as well but later had it reduced to life in prison . Kirby and Alston said that their clients ' confessions were coerced and that both were "  severely intellectually disabled . " "  It 's terrifying that our justice system allowed two intellectually disabled children to go to prison for a crime they had nothing to do with , and then to suffer there for 30 years , " said Ken Rose , a lawyer with the Center for Death Penalty Litigation . "  It 's impossible to put into words what these men have been through and how much they have lost . " Jonathan Fleming , convicted despite alibi , freed after 24 years After decades in prison over murders , DNA evidence frees 2 New York men CNN 's Kevin Conlon and Suzanne Presto contributed to this report	DNA exonerates brothers convicted in the murder of a North Carolina child Both were originally sentenced to death in 1984 ; one was later reduced to life Original prosecutor sticking to his guns , calls it a "  tragic day for justice " Lawyers say their confessions were coerced
CNN  -- Getafe became the third Spanish football club to pass into foreign ownership on Thursday after signing a deal with Dubai 's Royal Emirates Group . The Madrid-based team followed in the footsteps of Malaga and Racing Santander , which were also taken over by overseas interests in the past year . Royal Emirates Group , a conglomerate chaired by Sheikh Butti Bin Suhail Al Maktoum , has a portfolio of more than 200 companies including oil and gas , renewable energy , travel and tourism , health care , water purification , real estate & construction . The deal is worth between $ 70-90 million  $ 101-131 million  and will see the club 's title rebranded to "  Getafe CF Team Dubai . " Getafe 's previous owner and president Don Angel Torres Sanchez signed over to his successors in a ceremony at Dubai 's Burj Al Arab hotel on Thursday , accompanied by club captain Manu del Moral . The group said it was heavily involved in sports in the United Arab Emirates and abroad . "  The investment in Getafe CF is an evolution of this vision and an expression of renewed confidence that Dubai 's businesses are more confident today to make large investments abroad as well as at home , " Royal Emirates partner managing director Dr. Kaiser Rafiq said . "  Caring for community needs through sport is at the heart of what the Royal Emirates Group aims to achieve . This will send the positive message to the world that Dubai cares . " Rafiq said that , being conscious of football 's popularity with young Arabs , the group hoped to build a bridge between Europe and the Middle East ahead of the 2022 World Cup to be staged in Qatar . "  Royal Emirates Group plans to invest heavily in inducting new blood and promoting the team in the region , " he said . Getafe , first formed in 1946 and refounded in 1983 , has been in Spain 's top flight since 2004-05 . The club made a strong start to this season but hopes of qualifying for Europe have evaporated , with coach Michel 's team 14th out of 20 with six matches remaining . Malaga became the first Spanish club to be bought by a foreign investor when Qatari billionaire Sheikh Abdullah Al Thani paid a reported $ 36 million  $ 52 million  in June 10 . He splashed out on players and hired former Real Madrid coach Manuel Pellegrini , but the club is battling to avoid relegation . Santander sold out to Indian businessman Ahsan Ali Syed in January , with his Western Gulf Advisory company taking over . Since replacing coach Miguel Angel Portugal with the club 's former boss Marcelino , the Cantabria-based team is four points above 17th-placed Malaga .	Royal Emirates Group completes takeover of Spanish club Getafe Madrid-based team 's captain and former owner go to Dubai for official signing Group hopes to build a bridge between Europe and the Middle East Malaga and Racing Santander also bought by overseas investors in the past year
CNN  -- Amnesty International has joined the ranks of those criticizing the U.S. Border Patrol , calling for a "  full , impartial and transparent investigation " into a shooting this week that left a 15-year-old Mexican boy dead . "  This shooting across the border appears to have been a grossly disproportionate response and flies in the face of international standards which compel police to use firearms only as a last resort , in response to an immediate , deadly threat that can not be contained through lesser means , " said Susan Lee , Americas director at Amnesty International , in a statement Wednesday on the organization 's website . The Mexican government also has requested a quick and public investigation into the fatal shooting at the border between El Paso , Texas , and Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , on Monday night . The teen was shot during a rock-throwing incident , Mexican and U.S. officials said . On Wednesday , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said the United States will ensure a thorough investigation . "  We pledge that  the  investigation will be fully transparent , " he said . "  We understand the concern that they have about not just this incident , but multiple incidents where we 've had tragic loss of life at the border , " Crowley added . A long-term solution to avoid these kind of incidents would be the passage of comprehensive immigration reform , he said . Border Patrol agents responded to a call of a possible immigrant smuggling taking place on the border , the FBI said . The agents were able to apprehend two suspects while others crossed back into Mexico and threw rocks at an agent , who then fired shots . Sergio Adrian Hernandez Huereca was killed by a shot to the head , officials said . It was unclear whether Hernandez was on the U.S. or Mexican side of the border when he was shot , though his body was found on the Mexican side , the FBI said . There were videocameras in the area that the FBI is reviewing , El Paso FBI spokeswoman Andrea Simmons said . Simmons said the FBI will decline further comment until the investigation is complete . The agency 's version of events is based not just on the Border Patrol 's statements but on interviews with civilians and other evidence , Simmons said . "  I do n't want it to seem like it was one-sided information , " she said . The border patrol agent "  was a coward . He should n't have done that because my son was in Mexico , not the United States , " Hernandez 's mother , Maria Guadalupe Huereca , told CNN en Espaol on Wednesday . The boy was not going to cross into the United States , she said . Instead , he had gone to visit his brother , who works for the Mexican customs agency , to pick up some money so he could by school supplies , Huereca said . After picking up the money , the boy went near the international bridge , where he hid behind a pillar when the shots rang out , she said . "  If  the border patrol agent  has children , he will see my child 's face when he killed him , " Huereca said . "  May God forgive him for what he did to my son . " The shooting comes less than two weeks after the May 31 death of a Mexican illegal immigrant who had been detained three days earlier by border agents in California . San Diego police , who are investigating the death of Anastasio Hernandez , said he was beaten with a baton and shot with a stun gun after he became combative . California medical officials ruled his death a homicide . The investigation in that case continues . CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	NEW : State Department pledges transparent investigation Amnesty International condemns shooting of 15-year-old boy by border patrol agent Mexican government has called for a quick investigation Boy 's mother says her son was not going to cross border Victim was picking up money for school supplies
KUALA LUMPUR , Malaysia  Reuters  -- Malaysia defended on Friday its practice of caning criminals after a disturbing video of a prison-yard caning session burst onto the Internet , reigniting criticism from lawyers and human rights advocates . In the video , a naked man is shown strapped to an upright wooden frame , his rear exposed to a uniformed official who lifts a meter-long rattan stick above his head before bringing it down on the prisoner 's buttocks , tearing the flesh with each strike . The video , in which the moaning and shaking prisoner is struck six times , has spread quickly across the Internet , capturing headlines in the Web sites of some European newspapers and forcing the Malaysian government on to the defensive . "  The government at this stage has no plans to abolish the cane as part of punishment , " Deputy Internal Security Minister Fu Ah Kiow told Reuters by telephone . He said the video was an official recording that had been leaked onto the Internet . The video had been produced for deterrent purposes , with excerpts shown during anti-narcotic education sessions to would-be drug dealers , he added . "  This video was taken officially by us for a demonstration purpose , but it is not supposed to have the victim 's face identified . Somehow somebody must have taped  copied  it . " Malaysia is not alone in caning criminals , which critics say breaches human rights norms , including the U.N. Convention Against Torture . Neighboring Singapore also wields the rattan stick and caused a U.S. outcry 13 years ago when it caned an American teenager , Michael Fay , four times for vandalism . But Malaysia 's Bar Council , which represents about 12,000 lawyers , recently called for a ban on caning , saying the "  cruel " practice was rising in Malaysia , especially on illegal immigrants after hasty hearings arranged at crammed detention centers . "  They have started imposing the caning sentence in a more rigorous way and it can affect anyone who comes in  to Malaysia  without a passport or papers , so it happens to asylum-seekers and refugees , " said Latheefa Koya , of the council 's Legal Aid Center . The government denied use of the cane was widespread against illegal immigrants and Deputy Internal Security Minister Fu said it was reserved mainly for the traffickers of illegal immigrants in addition to drug-traffickers and violent criminals . Fu said the government also faced calls from victims of crime for the use of the cane to be maintained or even increased for some serious crimes "  in view of the crime rate in Malaysia " . Crime is seen as a major electoral issue in the run-up to a possible early general election , expected early next year . "  We respect the view of the Bar Council but there are many other views from the people and also from the victims of crimes that there should be an increase  in caning  , " Fu said . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Malaysia defends caning of criminals after video hits Internet Clip shows naked man strapped to wooden frame being punished Meter-long rattan stick strikes prisoner 's buttocks , tearing the flesh
CNN  -- A Catholic priest in Waterford , Connecticut , has been charged with possession of child pornography , according to a statement Tuesday from Waterford police . Dennis Carey , 66 , who resigned recently as the pastor at St. Paul Parish Rectory in Waterford , was originally held on $ 100,000 bond after appearing Tuesday in New London Superior Court , the statement said . The court appearance was a bond hearing and no plea was entered , according to CNN affiliate WFSB . CNN affiliate WTNH reported that Carey was later released on bond . "  It 's an addiction that he 's going through and he needs help for it , " Carey 's attorney , Ron Stevens , told WTNH . "  And as he mentioned in court , he said to  the judge  ' I need help and I want help . ' " "  There 's no allegations here of any inappropriate touching of children or anything of that nature , " Stevens said . Landmark sex abuse case : Catholic cleric remains in Pennsylvania jail "  He feels very , very , very bad about it . He has an appointment this afternoon with a psychiatrist , " the attorney said . "  He 's going to look for forgiveness . " Waterford police said they arrested Carey on Monday . According to the police statement , the investigation began in May after America Online  AOL  submitted a report to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children "  concerning suspected child pornography that had been sent using an AOL email account . " The probe started in Los Angeles , but then led "  to a possible suspect residing in the state of Connecticut , " where authorities seized evidence at the St. Paul Parish Rectory . "  These allegations are extremely serious and run contrary to everything we believe as a church , " said Catholic Bishop Michael R. Cote of the Diocese of Norwich , Connecticut . "  To exploit children in that fashion is absolutely reprehensible . " Watch : Alleged abuse victim attacks priest CNN 's Julia Greenberg contributed to this report .	Attorney : "  There 's no allegations ... of any inappropriate touching of children " Dennis Carey was arrested Monday , Waterford , Connecticut , police say The former priest in has been charged with possession of child pornography
CNN  -- A group of indigenous Australian protesters made headlines for a second day in a row Friday after they gathered outside the Australian Parliament and set fire to the country 's flag . The move came a day after security officers dragged Prime Minister Julia Gillard out of a Canberra restaurant after scores of angry protesters surrounded the building during a luncheon ceremony . Aborigine leaders on Friday criticized the actions of the group , saying they jeopardized efforts to reconcile indigenous Australians with the broader society . Video on the website of the Australian Broadcasting Corp. showed a circle of protesters outside Parliament in Canberra setting light to an Australian flag and chanting , "  Always was , always will be Aboriginal land . " "  I think it was totally uncalled for , " said Tom Calma , a co-chair of Reconciliation Australia , which promotes the improving of relationships between Aborigines and the wider Australian community . "  It 's just not acceptable that they burn the flag of Australia . " The police are investigating the lighting of a fire in an unauthorized place , a police spokeswoman said . She said the act of burning the Australian flag is not a criminal offense in Canberra . The move by the protesters , connected to a long-running Aboriginal demonstration known as the "  tent embassy , " was likely to add to dismay across the country after the disturbance involving Gillard on Thursday , Australia 's national day . Security officers took Gillard and opposition leader Tony Abbott out of the restaurant after between 50 and 100 protesters circled it during a lunchtime ceremony , bashing windows and brandishing sticks and rocks , according to the police . Gillard was presenting medals to emergency service workers during an event for the national day . A spontaneous protest erupted nearby among an Aboriginal rights group commemorating the 40th anniversary of the tent embassy . Protesters were chanting "  shame " and "  racist " as they banged on the restaurant 's three glass sides , according to the Australian Broadcasting Corp. . They were apparently upset about remarks Abbott made earlier Thursday suggesting it may be time to reconsider the tent embassy 's relevance . The makeshift embassy was set up 40 years ago by four Aboriginal men who planted a beach umbrella on the lawn in front of Parliament House in Canberra to protest the failure of the coalition government at the time , led by Prime Minister William McMahon , to recognize Aboriginal land rights . It has endured despite successive government attempts to close it . "  I think the indigenous people of Australia can be very proud of the respect in which they are held by every Australian , " Abbott had said in response to a question about whether the tent embassy was still relevant , according to a transcript of the comments posted on his website . "  And yes , I think a lot has changed since then and I think it probably is time to move on from that . " Local media reported that Gillard was visibly shaken , and stumbled during the encounter . Photographs showed her being led to a waiting vehicle by a group of at least seven security officers , losing a shoe in the process . Video showed her being hustled into the vehicle , surrounded by security officers , some carrying shields , as protesters shouted , "  Shame on you . " The shoe was collected by protesters , who proclaimed it a trophy . But Aboriginal leaders were unimpressed . "  It 's pretty appalling behavior , " said Mick Gooda , the commissioner for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander social justice at the Australian Human Rights Commission . "  And while we enjoy the right to protest and raise issues in this country , I do n't think we should be resorting to that type of violence , " he said Friday on Australian Broadcasting Corp. radio . There was also criticism of the protesters ' actions in the Australian press . "  Those who want to preserve the embassy should make their point in a peaceful , respectful way , " said an editorial on Friday in The Australian , a national daily . "  Their actions yesterday can only have damaged their cause . " There were no injuries Thursday , and no arrests were made , the police said . Video from the ABC showed some minor struggles breaking out between the authorities and protesters . A spokesman for the tent embassy , Mark McMurtrie , said Abbott 's remarks and the police 's behavior had incited the disturbance . Speaking Friday on Australian Broadcasting Corp. radio , McMurtrie said that news media coverage of the events had overly dramatized the protesters actions . "  There was no threat to them at all , " he said , referring to Gillard and Abbott . The episode took place against the backdrop of efforts to change the nation 's constitution to give better recognition to indigenous Australians , often referred to as Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples . Last week , a panel issued a government-commissioned report suggesting ways the constitution could be altered to achieve that aim . Indigenous Australians have suffered at the hands of later settlers and the government they established . Australian politicians have since apologized for the past mistreatment , but Aborigines remain disadvantaged socially and economically compared with the overall population . Explicit references to Aborigines in the original Constitution , drafted in the late 19th century , were subsequently deemed to be negative . Australians voted overwhelmingly to remove those points in a 1967 referendum , but many people say the document can be further improved to acknowledge the role of the country 's indigenous population . The panel -- which included Aboriginal leaders , business executives , legal experts and members of the main political parties -- has handed over its report to Gillard , whose government has promised to hold a referendum on the matter by the next general election . The events of the past two days may have made that process more complicated for those in favor of the referendum . "  I think it 's going to increase the challenge , " said Calma of Reconciliation Australia . "  There was always going to be a challenge to get people on board with the constitutional changes . " He said the tent embassy protesters ' actions would detract from "  successful advocacy taking place between indigenous groups and the government at the moment on reconciliation . " CNN 's Hilary Whiteman and journalist Hugh Williams contributed to this report .	NEW : Australian police are investigating the lighting of a fire in an unauthorized place The action comes a day after protesters surrounded a building containing the prime minister Aborigine leaders criticize the protesters ' behavior Aboriginal people remain disadvantaged socially and economically in Australia
CNN  -- When President Obama called for a world free of nuclear weapons in Prague , Czech Republic , this spring , many dismissed this part of his speech as idealistic rhetoric . But the abolition of nuclear weapons is not an unrealistic fantasy . It is a practical necessity if the American people are to have a secure future . President Obama should use his Nobel speech this week to reaffirm his commitment to this essential and obtainable goal . It is essential because a world armed with nuclear weapons is simply too dangerous for us to countenance . Since the end of the Cold War we have tended to act as though the threat of nuclear war had gone away . It has n't . It is only our awareness of this danger that has faded . In fact , there are some 25,000 nuclear weapons in the world today ; 95 percent of them are in the arsenals of the United States and Russia . Just this past weekend , the START treaty limiting the number of U.S. and Russian warheads expired . Negotiators in Geneva , Switzerland , have not yet been able to work out the details of a follow-up treaty . We must hope they will be able to agree to deep reductions . A recent study by Physicians for Social Responsibility showed that if only 300 of the weapons in the Russian arsenal attacked targets in American cities , 90 million people would die in the first half hour . A comparable U.S. attack on Russia would produce similar devastation . Further , these attacks would destroy the entire economic , communications and transportation infrastructure on which the rest of the population depends for survival . In the ensuing months the vast majority of people who survived the initial attacks in both countries would die of disease , exposure and starvation . The destruction of the United States and Russia would be only part of the story . An attack of this magnitude would lift millions of tons of soot and dust into the upper levels of the atmosphere , blocking out sunlight and dropping temperatures across the globe . In fact , if the entire Russian and U.S. strategic arsenals were involved in the fighting , average surface temperature worldwide would fall 10 degrees Centigrade to levels not seen on Earth since the depth of the last ice age 18,000 years ago . For three years there would not be a single day in the Northern Hemisphere free of frost . Agriculture would stop , ecosystems would collapse and many species , perhaps even our own , would become extinct . This is not just some theoretical scenario ; it is a real and present danger . On January 25 , 1995 , we came within minutes of nuclear war when Russian military radar mistook a Norwegian-U.S. scientific rocket for a possible attack on Moscow . President Yeltsin , a man reportedly suffering from alcoholism and other major medical problems , was notified and given five minutes to decide how to respond . Then as now , both the United States and Russia maintained a policy of "  launch on warning , " authorizing the launch of nuclear missiles when an enemy attack is believed to be under way . We do n't know exactly what happened in the Kremlin that morning , but someone decided not to launch Russian missiles and we did not have a nuclear war . January 25 , 1995 , was five years after the end of the Cold War . There were no unusual crises anywhere in the world that day . It was a relatively good day in a time much less dangerous than our own . And we almost blew up the world . That was 15 years ago and the United States and Russia still maintain more than 2,000 warheads on high alert ready to be launched in 15 minutes and to destroy each other 's cities 30 minutes later . Nuclear weapons are the only military threat from which U.S. armed forces can not protect us . It is urgently in our national security interest to eliminate these instruments of mass annihilation from the arsenals of potential adversaries . If we have to get rid of our own nuclear weapons to achieve this , it is a deal well worth making . Make no mistake , the elimination of nuclear weapons is an attainable goal . These bombs are not some force of nature . They are the work of our hand . We built them and we can take them apart . Some governments falsely see these weapons as safeguards of their security . It will not be easy to convince them that true safety requires that we abolish them . Nor will it be easy to design the verification regime needed to assure that the weapons are dismantled and that no new weapons are built . Yet national security experts in the United States and around the world say that it can be done and it must be done . If politics is the art of the possible , then statesmanship is the art of the necessary . And if ever there was a time that cried out for statesmanship it is now . There are many important issues that demand our attention -- health care reform , energy policy , creating more jobs -- but none is as urgent as eliminating the threat of nuclear war . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ira Helfand .	Ira Helfand : Abolishing nuclear weapons is not an unrealistic fantasy Helfand : Threat of nuclear war still real , still terrifying and did not go away with the Cold War Helfand : About 25,000 nuclear weapons in world ; 95 percent in U.S. and Russia Helfand : Many important issues , but none as urgent as eliminating threat of nuclear war
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Gunmen on motorcycles fired Friday on a campaign office for President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , wounding two adults and a child , according to a report by Iran 's state-run news agency . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was not present at the time of the attack . The shooting happened about 5 p.m. in front of the entrance to the campaign office , campaign representative Mohammed Reza Zahed Shaikhi told IRNA . Ahmadinejad , who is running for a second term in office , was not present . Iran 's presidential election will take place on June 12 . The attack happened in Sistan-Balochistan province in southeastern Iran , the same province where a Shia mosque was bombed Thursday . Several suspects have been arrested in connection with Thursday 's attack in the town of Zahedan , which killed between 15 and 20 people , according to Iranian media reports . No group publicly accepted responsibility for the mosque attack , but the provincial governor , Ali-Mohammad Azad , blamed a terrorist group that he said would be unveiled to the public once the suspects have been interrogated , IRNA reported . Zahedan is about 1,100 km  700 miles  southeast of Tehran , near Iran 's borders with Pakistan and Afghanistan . Sistan-Balochistan province -- which shares a border with Pakistan -- is the site of frequent clashes involving Iranian police , drug dealers and armed groups . The province is located on a major narcotics-smuggling route between Afghanistan and Pakistan . Azad said information on the arrested terrorist group would be unveiled to the public once interrogations were complete . "  The terrorists and notorious gang planned to stir order and security in the province on the eve of  the June 12 presidential  elections , using ongoing insecurity in our eastern neighbors , " he said Thursday . Several days of mourning were reported to be under way for victims of the explosion . Ayatollah Ahmad Khatami , a hard-line cleric who led Friday prayers in Tehran , said there were signs that the United States and Israel were involved in the mosque bombing , IRNA reported . The cleric , who put the death toll at 25 , condemned the bombing before a congregation on the Tehran University campus . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorghmehr contributed to this report .	Gunmen fire on campaign office for Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Two adults and child wounded in attack ; Ahmadinejad not present Attack happened near where Shia mosque bombed Thursday , killing up to 20 No group has accepted responsibility , but local governor blamed terrorist group
Renowned psychic Sylvia Browne -- a leader in the paranormal world who appeared regularly on television and radio and also wrote dozens of top-selling books -- died Wednesday in a northern California hospital , according to her website . She was 77 . A believer in reincarnation as well as God , Browne conducted thousands of hypnotic regressions and hundreds of trance sessions to help people around the world , according to her official biography . She explained on CNN 's Larry King Live that she both communicated with the dead and looked into the future . "  I do n't know how I do it , " Browne once explained on King 's show . "  I 've done it all my life . " Her following extended well beyond those she helped directly . Some got to know her through her writings , others through the media -- including appearances on "  Unsolved Mysteries , " "  Loveline with Dr. Drew " and "  The Montel Williams Show , " on which she was a weekly guest for 17 years . "  I , like so many of you , lost a friend today , " Williams said in a posting on Browne 's website . "  But , as has been for the last 20 years , she 'll always remain a part of me . " Born in Kansas City , Missouri , during the Great Depression , Browne first became aware of her psychic abilities at age 3 , her bio says . It was a "  very scary thing " for her when she realized as a youngster she could tell if someone was going to die , she told King in 2000 . "  The only thing , I think , that saved my sanity was that there are so many -- well , we can track our lineage back to 300 years -- of psychics , " Browne said . After moving to California in 1964 , she moved from helping people privately to doing so publicly to help "  thousands of people gain control of their lives , live more happily , understand the meaning of life and to find God in their unique way , " her website states . She founded The Nirvana Foundation for Psychic Research in 1974 , and went on to publish more than 50 books . According to her bio , 22 of those made it to the New York Times Best Sellers list . Browne also trained ministers to help spread her thinking through the Society of Novus Spiritus organization , and created The Sylvia Browne Hypnosis Training Center to teach her hypnosis methods . While beloved by many in the psychic community , Browne also had detractors . They included those critical of her remarks , on a 2004 episode of "  The Montel Williams Show , " that then-missing Amanda Berry was dead -- telling Berry 's mother she would next see her daughter "  in heaven , on the other side . " Berry ended up being rescued -- along with her young daughter , Michelle Knight and Gina DeJesus -- last May in the Cleveland home of Ariel Castro , where they 'd been held captive for the better part of a decade . Browne subsequently posted a statement on her website saying , "  If ever there was a time to be grateful and relieved for being mistaken , this is that time . Only God is right all the time . " Browne 's Facebook page includes a September 10 posting stating , "  If you are afraid to die , you will not fully live . " The final message came less than a month ago , on October 27 , when Browne wrote , "  My one prayer every morning that has carried me through my life is , ` Hi God , it 's me again . ' "  It does n't matter how you pray , " she added . "  It can be just simply talking to God . Remember , God knows your heart and soul . " Her website does not give a cause , but does say that Browne died at 7:10 a.m. Wednesday at Good Samaritan Hospital in San Jose , California . People we 've lost in 2013	Sylvia Browne dies at a San Jose hospital , her website states She authored 22 books that became New York Times best sellers She appeared on shows including "  Montel " and "  Larry King Live " Browne wrote 2 months ago : "  If you are afraid to die , you will not fully live "
