HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- In a major shake-up the likes of which Cubans have not seen for decades , President Raul Castro on Monday reorganized his Cabinet , replacing longtime aides to his brother Fidel , who resigned from office a year ago , citing poor health . Cuban President Raul Castro is moving his own people into power , analysts say . Some analysts said the changes appear to be an attempt by Raul Castro to put his own supporters into positions of power . Among the changes : Felipe Perez Roque , the 43-year-old foreign minister , was replaced by his deputy , Bruno Rodriguez Aprilla . Carlos Lage Davila , an economist , lost his job as Cabinet secretary , but no mention was made of removing him from his other post as vice president of the Council of State . Lage , who helped guide the nation through its "  special period " of dire economic times in the aftermath of the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the loss of billions in subsidies , was replaced by Brig. Gen. Jose Amado Ricardo Guerra ; Raul Castro is also commander in chief of the armed forces . "  It looks like Raul putting some of his own people in , " said Wayne Smith , director of the Cuba program at the Center for International Policy in Washington , who led the U.S. Interests Section in Havana during the Carter administration . Smith noted that Cuba 's government underwent "  quite a few shake-ups after the revolution first came in " in 1959 , but said Monday 's move "  is the biggest shake-up that I 've seen in a very long time ... for the last 30 or 40 years . " "  This is obviously a major move , " concurred Vicki Huddleston , who led the Interests Section during the administrations of Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , and is a visiting scholar at the Brookings Institution in Washington . " -LSB- There is -RSB- nothing like this that I can recall since the late 1960s . " She noted that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez met with both Castro brothers during a visit late in February to Havana , on what Granma described as a "  work visit , " and speculated that Raul Castro may have asked him then to buy in on the changes . "  They really need Chavez to be on board , because without the subsidized oil from Venezuela , they 're dead , " Huddleston said . With the Cuban economy hamstrung by the world economy , Raul Castro may have decided it is time for him to make reforms of his own without worrying about second-guessing by his brother or his brother 's allies , she said . Huddleston speculated that the changes could portend the government once again allowing private enterprise to flourish in Cuba . Communist leader Fidel Castro experimented with that during the 1990s , but pulled back . "  It represents a significant step by Raul Castro to gain autonomy and , essentially , distance himself from Fidel 's old gang , " said Larry Birns , director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs . "  In other words , he feels confident enough that he has an independent base of power . " He said Raul Castro 's moves to date have proven popular not only with his party members , but also with the general population . Still , Raul Castro should not take that support for granted , Birns said . "  It may be that , if he makes too many moves , the party will feel that their privileges are being taken away , and that will make them unhappy . " Otto Reich , who served as assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere affairs during the George W. Bush administration , said he was withholding judgment . "  It 's a little early to tell what this really means , " he said . "  Some people are saying the Fidelistas are being replaced by the Raulistas . But the other side is : Are we talking about rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic ? " The state-run newspaper Granma published an official notice from the State Council that said the changes were intended to form a structure that is "  more compact and functional , with fewer organisms of the central administration of the state and a better distribution of the functions that they carry out . " CNN 's Morgan Neill and Shasta Darlington in Havana , Tom Watkins and Arthur Brice contributed to this story .	Several longtime aides to Fidel Castro are replaced Foreign minister and Cabinet secretary move aside Analyst says it 's the biggest shake-up in 30 or 40 years
CNN  -- Martina Hingis is back -- but the five-time grand slam winner says she has no plans to take on the world 's best any time soon . The 32-year-old ended her six-year absence from competitive WTA action by playing doubles alongside Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova at the Southern California Open Wednesday . Hingis , who retired for the second time in 2007 , spent 209 weeks as the world 's top-ranked player after bursting onto the scene as a teenager . The Swiss ace has already confirmed that she will play alongside Hantuchova at the U.S. Open and enjoyed a winning start following a 6-1 6-1 victory over Germany 's Julia Goerges and Croatian Darija Jurak . But Hingis ruled out any thoughts of a comeback on the singles tour -- insisting that it 's doubles or nothing . "  Not singles , no , " she told reporters after being asked if she wanted to return to the women 's circuit . "  It 's a completely different world . Even World Team Tennis  WTT  now , it 's brutal , it 's only one set but still the next day you wake up , and you have to put so much more effort into it . " Hingis has spent the past few months playing World Team Tennis on a regular basis and helped the Washington Kastles win the WTT league title in July . But her return to WTA action has given her a new lease of life and an extra buzz . "  It was awesome , " Hingis told the WTA official website . "  It took Daniela a lot of courage and inspiration to kind of dig me out of the grave , but I 'm really happy to have a partner like her , it makes it so much easier . I was nervous going into the match , but she was really solid out there , and that gave me so much more confidence . "  After the first set it was pure pleasure . " Hingis first emerged as a star in the making at the age of 15 when she partnered Helena Sukova to win a grand slam doubles crown . The following year she became the youngest ever singles winner at the age of 16 years and three months at the Australian Open before becoming the youngest woman to become the World No. 1 . Hingis , who also won nine grand slam doubles titles , was forced to retire at the age of 22 in 2003 following a struggle with injury problems . She returned to action in 2005 but her comeback was cut short in 2007 when it was divulged that she had tested positive for a metabolite of cocaine after her third round loss at Wimbledon six years ago . Hingis maintained her innocence , but was banned for two years by the International Tennis Federation . Fast forward to the present day and Hingis is more philosophical about her tennis having spent years in the wilderness . "  When you 're 17 everything seems so easy , but now I 'm almost twice the age , " she added . "  I would n't want to come out and play one or two matches and then lose third round , that 's not my type of personality . "  I feel pretty good . We 'll see how it goes this summer . "  Obviously I would n't put myself in this position if I did n't feel like I could compete at this level . "	Martina Hingis has returned to competitive action for the first time since 2007 Five time grand slam winner played at the Southern California Open Played alongside Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova in 6-1 6-1 victory Says she has no intention of returning to singles action
James Franco wo n't be following Dennis Rodman into North Korea anytime soon . Franco 's latest movie -- a comedy about two talk show hosts who are asked to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong Un -- has earned the distinction of a frothing rant from the regime in Pyongyang . "  The enemies have gone beyond the tolerance limit in their despicable moves to dare hurt the dignity of the supreme leadership , " a North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman told the country 's state-run news agency Wednesday . The film , titled "  The Interview , " stars Franco and Seth Rogen as two lightweight talk show hosts recruited by the CIA to take out Kim . It 's not due in theaters until October , but the trailer is already drawing worldwide attention , including in the corridors of power in Pyongyang . ` Team America ' The distribution of the movie is "  the most undisguised terrorism and a war action to deprive the service personnel and people of the DPRK of their mental mainstay and bring down its social system , " the North Korean spokesman raged , using an abbreviation of the authoritarian country 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . Comedians taking shots at North Korea 's dictatorial leadership is hardly new -- it goes back at least a generation . A decade ago , "  Team America : World Police " used puppets to lampoon Kim 's father , Kim Jong Il , memorably featuring him singing about his loneliness at the top of the despotic state . Kim Jong Il also popped up as a waiter in NBC 's "  Thirty Rock " -- albeit one who claimed to be "  the greatest waiter of all time . " Brutal regime The situation in North Korea is no joke . A recent United Nations commission detailed a horrifying list of crimes it says the regime has committed against its own people , including the large-scale use of prison camps and torture . The cold-blooded brutality of the system was displayed late last year when Kim Jong Un 's uncle was purged and executed . Meanwhile , the isolated state continues to develop its nuclear weapons program , which it has used to threaten neighboring countries and the United States . Will Kim watch ? But like his father , Kim Jong Un has also brought about bizarre moments in his two and a half years in power , such as his basketball-based friendship with Rodman . Such peculiar behavior , along with the secrecy in which the regime cloaks itself , is hard for comedians to resist . The Telegraph last week cited Kim Myong-chol , the executive director of the Centre for North Korea-U.S. Peace and a frequent visitor to Pyongyang , as suggesting that Kim would probably watch the new movie . That prompted glee from Rogen , who also co-directed and wrote the film . "  Apparently Kim Jong Un plans on watching #TheInterview . I hope he likes it !! " he tweeted . ` Towering hatred ' But the North Korean government showed little sign of favor toward the film on Wednesday , accusing the United States of "  bribing a rogue movie maker " to produce it . And it warned that Franco and Rogen 's comedy , which it said had touched off "  the towering hatred and wrath of the service personnel and people of the DPRK , " would have consequences . "  Those who defamed our supreme leadership and committed the hostile acts against the DPRK can never escape the stern punishment to be meted out according to a law wherever they might be in the world , " the foreign ministry spokesman said . "  If the U.S. administration connives at and patronizes the screening of the film , it will invite a strong and merciless countermeasure . "	A new comedy starring James Franco is about a plot to assassinate Kim Jong Un North Korea says the movie hurts "  the dignity of the supreme leadership " Distributing the film is "  the most undisguised terrorism and a war action , " an official says Comedians have taken shots at the regime in the past , notably in "  Team America "
CNN  -- Jason Statham has joked that he 's had "  40 years of prep " to portray a drunk man in his newest film . The British actor stars as Joey Jones in "  Hummingbird " - a thriller that tells the story of a homeless war veteran trying to get his life back together on the streets of London . Statham does a lot of drunken acting in "  Hummingbird , " and has joked about how he got himself into the mindset of his character before portraying him . "  40 years of prep I 've had on that one mate ! " he laughed in an interview with British newspaper The Guardian . "  No , it 's hard because you ca n't be drunk ... But you have an idea . You have to have a certain kind of confidence in that uncharted territory . " Statham is famed for his tough guy roles in films including "  Revolver , " "  Snatch , " "  The Expendables " and "  Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels . " The 45-year-old found his "  Hummingbird " role to be a refreshing change in comparison to his other big screen parts . "  It 's so different to what I normally do . A lot of the characters I 've played before are heroic or invincible in some ways , and not tuned into fear and anxiety and pain , " he explained . "  This was n't so radically different that I 'd fall flat on my face . I felt it still played to some of my strengths and was n't light years away from a character I thought I could get my shoes on with . " See the original story at CoverMG.com .	Jason Statham plays a homeless war veteran in ` Hummingbird ' He jokes that he had '40 years of prep ' for his drunken scenes The role is a change of pace for the 45-year-old actor
CNN  -- As activists reported intense gunfire , mounting deaths and mass detentions Monday in Syria , regional leaders stepped up their criticism of the escalating violence . Saudi Arabia , Kuwait and Bahrain said they were recalling their ambassadors from Syria to discuss the situation . Officials announced the diplomatic moves after Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah condemned violence in Syria in a rare rebuke directed at a fellow Arab leader . "  There is no justification for the bloodshed in Syria , and what is happening has nothing to do with religion or ethics , " he said in remarks broadcast on state television early Monday . "  The Syrian leadership could activate comprehensive reforms quickly . " Activists inside and outside Syria said a government crackdown was continuing Monday . Three people died after security forces opened fire at a funeral procession in Daraa , the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . And at least 65 people died during a military operation that began Sunday in Deir Ezzor , according to the activist network Local Coordination Committees of Syria . Tanks entered the town of Maaret al-Numan after more than a month stationed outside its borders , the Local Coordination Committees and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported . Syrian forces reportedly detained dozens of residents there . As some groups described increasing violence , Syrian state media reported that the military was pulling back in at least one city . SANA said troops were leaving Hama on Monday after accomplishing "  their mission of protecting citizens . " Earlier Monday an activist based in the city said clashes were continuing , with residents describing sounds of intense gunfire in at least one neighborhood . Markets were closed , tanks surrounded some hospitals , and doctors did not have enough medicine to treat the sick and wounded , according to an activist , who asked to remain anonymous because he feared for his safety . Syria : Understanding the unrest Syria has restricted international journalists ' access to the country , and CNN was unable to independently confirm the death toll and details of the situation . The reported crackdowns were the latest in months of unrest , which started when Syrian forces swiftly suppressed anti-government protests in the southern city of Daraa . Anti-government fervor caught on nationwide as more protests were met with tougher crackdowns . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency says government officials have pledged political reforms , and security forces are fighting dangerous armed gangs and "  terrorist groups . " It describes troops killed in clashes as "  martyrs . " SANA , citing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , said in a report Monday that the country is "  dealing with the outlaws ... who are blocking roads , closing cities and terrorizing citizens , " adding that it "  is the duty of state to protect the lives of citizens . " The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said 2,000 people , primarily demonstrators , have died in the months-long unrest . In recent days , critical statements from regional leaders -- including the Arab League and a coalition of Gulf states -- have joined an international chorus calling on the Syrian government to end the violence . Saudi Arabia 's king said the situation in Syria was "  unacceptable , " announcing his country 's decision to recall its ambassador "  for consultation on current events . " "  The brotherly Syrian government and people are aware of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 's past support for them , " Abdullah said , according to a transcript of his statement released by the Saudi government . "  Today , Saudi Arabia stands up to its historical responsibility towards its brothers , demands an end to the killing machine and bloodshed , and  is  asking for reason to prevail before it is too late . " The statement from the king -- who leads a nation with significant religious authority and symbolic status among Muslims -- comes at a significant time , during the holy month of Ramadan . Later Monday , foreign ministries in Bahrain and Kuwait announced that their countries ' ambassadors to Syria also had been recalled for consultations on the situation . "  This is a steady drum beat , an increasing drum beat ... The message is becoming clearer and clearer to Assad that he has fewer and fewer friends , " U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Monday . Turkey 's foreign minister 's scheduled visit to Syria Tuesday will be a chance "  to send send yet another strong message " demanding that al-Assad stop the violence , Toner said . "  His neighbors and other powerful countries and voices in the region need to chime in and get that message to him , " Toner said . The Arab League issued a statement calling on Syrian authorities "  to stop immediately all acts of violence and security campaigns against civilians and to speed up in executing reforms . " On Sunday , the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf , a union of countries located on the Arabian Peninsula , called on Syria "  to put an end to the bloodshed and resort to wisdom , and make serious reforms necessary . " SANA , citing a Syrian official , reported that the government received the statement "  with regret . " The council "  completely ignored the information and facts presented by Syria on the killing and sabotage acts committed by armed terrorist groups seeking to undermine the homeland 's sovereignty and security , " the SANA report said . Criticism of al-Assad 's government appeared to take a new form Monday when the Syrian Ministry of Defense website was apparently hacked . For a brief period , the site showed the Syrian flag and a statement : "  The world stands with you against the brutal regime of Bashar al-Assad . Know that time and history are on your side . " The statement was signed , "  Anonymous " -- an apparent reference to the international hacking collective that has claimed credit for high-profile cyber-attacks in recent months targeting government websites and major corporations . Later Monday SANA reported that al-Assad named a new minister of defense to replace Gen. Ali Habib Hamoud , whose "  health condition deteriorated recently . " It was unclear how the reshuffling would impact the nation 's military strategy . CNN 's Nada Husseini , Mohammed Jamjoom , Yousuf Basil , Christine Theodorou , Arwa Damon , Amir Ahmed , Kamal Ghattas and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. State Department spokesman : Syrian president "  has fewer and fewer friends " Bahrain recalls its ambassador to Syria for consultations amid mounting violence Kuwait and Saudi Arabia are also recalling their ambassadors for discussions Saudi Arabia 's king says there is "  no justification for the bloodshed " in Syria
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The 16 Afghans killed in a shooting spree in early March were buried without autopsies , in accordance with the Islamic tradition of a quick burial . Any effort to do disinter the bodies and do an autopsy would probably be resisted by the Afghan villagers . But that could present one of many challenges military prosecutors will have in making a case against the alleged shooter , U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Robert Bales . Last week , after meeting with Afghan President Karzai , Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said that the "  Afghanistan people would see that the United States is indeed going to not only prosecute this individual but ensure that he 's held accountable . " But making good on the secretary 's promise will not be easy . "  I think the chances that he will walk are not bad , " said Gary Solis , who spent 20 years in the Marines as a judge advocate general and military prosecutor . He now teaches the laws of war at Georgetown University Law Center . Eugene Fidell is another former military prosecutor and the former president of the National Institute of Military Justice who currently teaches at Yale Law School . He 's a little less pessimistic about the prosecution 's chances in the case but he said "  of course , they 're going to have their hands full . " The lack of autopsies on the victims of the massacre in Afghanistan 's Kandahar province is just one of many hurdles that the prosecution in this case will face once the charges become official . To prove someone caused a person 's death , prosecutors need a cause of death . As any fan of TV 's "  Law and Order , " or countless other cop shows knows , that usually means an autopsy by a forensic pathologist . But Afghanistan is a Muslim country and Islamic law dictates the dead be buried right away , usually within 24 hours . So no such post-mortem exams were possible . One Afghan minister tried to help U.S. investigators but Hajji Agha Lalai Desdageeri , a member of Parliament from Kandahar , told CNN that investigators "  should take some samples of the dead bodies but  many  people gathered around this place and said , ` No this is not acceptable . ' " This is not the first time U.S. prosecutors have tried a murder case without an autopsy . "  This is a big problem . Prosecutors have faced that problem in several of the cases growing out of incidents like this in Iraq and Afghanistan , " said Neil Puckett who in his 20 years as a Marine , worked as defense counsel , prosecutor and a military trial judge . But even without autopsies , military prosecutors have been able to present evidence at previous trials establishing cause of death . "  How it 's usually done is that  with  the cause of death , you have photographs hopefully of the bodies and of the wounds on each body . And although you do n't have the body , you present evidence depicting the wounds and the dead body and you present these to a prosecution witness  and  a doctor , and the doctor testifies these wounds would unequivocally would result in death , " Solis said . "  It 's certainly not a preferred means , but that 's how it 's been done . " The next hurdle is getting witnesses to testify . "  The court-martial itself has subpoena power , to require people to come to court , but that subpoena power does not extend beyond our national basis , " Puckett said . "  What we 've seen in the past is that the U.S. government will make every effort to ask people and encourage them and provide them transportation to come to the United States to testify . More often than not , they decline that . " If potential witnesses decline , attorneys involved in the court martial turn to Plan B. "  The next best option is video teleconference testimony . " That would require a live closed-circuit TV feed be established between Afghanistan and a court room in the United States . Bale 's defense attorney has indicated he intends to raise the issue of Bale 's mental state during the trial . "  Anybody that has seen what he 's seen and done what he 's done at the request of the military -- and I 'm not talking about these allegations -- I think would have PTSD , " attorney John H. Browne , Bales ' attorney , told reporters earlier this week . Solis said that could help Browne 's client avoid prison time . "  Defense counsel may argue that there is diminished capacity , despite that fact . If the jury is sympathetic and accepts that there was a lack of capacity , it 's conceivable that the jury would find him not guilty . " If Bales has mental problems , Solis said , it might lead to his being convicted on a less serious charge than being found not guilty across the board . "  If the chances are not bad that he will walk , I think the chances are extremely good that he will not be convicted of the maximum charges . I think that if any he 'll be convicted of a lesser  charge  . " Between the difficulty with the evidence and the mental health issues , at least one of the attorneys suspects there might be a plea bargain before the case ever reaches trial . The hurdles "  may incentivize the government to negotiate a plea , " Fidell said . But if all this sounds like defense attorneys have an easy job ahead , they have hurdles , too . "  The accused may have made incriminating statements , he may have made admissions when he was apprehended , " Solis said . Defense Secretary Panetta told the media last week that Bales "  told individuals what happened . " "  That greatly narrows the options of the defense when your man admits he did the killing , " Solis said . But Bales ' attorney told reporters "  there 's no confessions . " And there is the issue of video from Bales ' base that CNN 's Barbara Starr reports shows him leaving the camp before the shooting and coming back afterward . "  The film of him snooping through an orchard to avoid detection to get back into the case -- that , too , will militate against the defense case , " Solis said .	Victims of the shooting in Afghanistan were buried without autopsies Islamic tradition calls for a quick burial That lack of pathology evidence is just one of the many hurdles prosecutors will face "  I think the chances that he will walk are not bad , " says one former military prosecutor
CNN  -- Nick Andre called his poem "  Stupid . " Officials at his Ohio high school called it hazing and harassment . The 16-year-old lineman was kicked off the Rittman High School football team earlier this week after he read a lament about his squad 's 1-7 season for an English composition class . The kicker : He was suspended from school for four days . Andre said he was n't hazing or harassing anyone , and he did n't mention any names in his poem . You be the judge . Here 's the text of "  Stupid : " Losing season , Favoritism , Nonstop passes from best friend to best friend . Continuously doing what does n't work , The inability to separate being a father and a coach . Dropped passes , But yet still the "  superstar , " Yeah , right . Where 's my scholarship ? I can drop passes , Run backwards , Miss tackles , And be afraid to take a hit . That 's top of the line Div . 1 material right there . If that 's what they wanted , They definitely got it . This whole town will be glad when he is gone . For anyone who does n't understand what I am saying ? AKRON 'S SCREWED ! According to CNN affiliate WJW , Principal Nick Evans said Andre was suspended because he "  wrote a mean and disrespectful poem about another student and our athletic director/head coach . " Julie Andre , Nick 's mother , told WJW she met with Evans on Monday and was told the poem was bullying . But on Thursday , Andre was told he was back on the team in time for the last two games of the season and could come back to school . James Ritchie , superintendent for Rittman School District , said after reconsideration , Andre 's punishment had been reversed . Andre , a junior , had already served two days of detention , but they will be expunged from his record . He seemed a little unsure as to what type of reception he would get from his teammates when he returned to the locker room , but hoped for the best . "  I have n't really gotten to talk to any of them yet about what they feel . If -- I mean , I 'm sure they 'll all be happy I 'm able to come back and everything , but i have n't heard anything , " he told CNN .	Nick Andre , 16 , is a lineman on a 1-7 high school football team He was asked to write a poem for English composition class In it he was critical of coach , team 's "  superstar " School reversed its decision and he 's back at school , back on team
A Jasper , Texas , man has been indicted in connection with the death of Alfred Wright , a 28-year-old father of three whose mysterious disappearance and death sparked protests , controversy and allegations of a law enforcement cover up . Shane Hadnot , 28 , who graduated with Wright from Jasper High School , has been charged with two counts of drug-related offenses that resulted in Wright 's death . Hadnot , who pleaded not guilty during an initial appearance in federal court on Friday , has a detention hearing next week . He faces up to 20 years to life on each count , which allege that he supplied the fatal dose to Wright . Wright disappeared in rural Sabine County , Texas , on November 7 , 2013 . After authorities called off the search a few days later , a search party organized by his family found Wright 's body on November 25 , a few hundred feet from the original search command post . The condition , position and location of the body raised suspicion among family members and others in East Texas about what happened to this physically fit African-American man in an area known for having racial tensions after the 1998 dragging death of James Byrd Jr. . Wright , a physical therapist who made house calls , had been treating patients when his pickup truck broke down near the CL&M liquor store . After calling his wife , Lauren , for help , and with his parents on the way , a clerk at the store said Wright tucked his cell phone in his sock and inexplicably took off on foot . The family had maintained Wright never used drugs . However , Friday 's indictment contradicts that . In it , authorities allege that Lauren Wright , on the day her husband disappeared , told a deputy she had n't observed anything unusual that day but called back and recanted her statement . She told the deputy that Wright had "  been acting very strange lately " and that she "  suspected " he was "  on something . " The indictment included a series of text messages between Wright and Hadnot , which authorities said show Wright bought cocaine , methamphetamine and Xanax from Hadnot on the day he died and regularly before that . Those three drugs were found in Wright 's body . At the time the toxicology report came out , Alfred Wright 's mother , Rosalyn Wright , said she believed the drugs were pumped into her son . A toxicology report prepared by a pathologist hired by the family , and obtained by CNN , also found an anabolic steroid in Wright 's system . That report concurred with an official autopsy in finding Wright died of an accidental drug overdose . However , in the report , the pathologist , Dr. Lee Ann Grossberg stated , "  trauma can not be definitively ruled out . " Both reports showed long-term cocaine use by Wright . In the indictment , authorities said Lauren Wright on November 11 taped a conversation with Hadnot in which he allegedly admitted to selling drugs to Wright on the day he disappeared . The indictment also discloses a text message sent by Wright to Hadnot that said : "  Bro 1 gino and a 20 and 3 handles , " which the indictment translated to mean Wright was asking for a gram of cocaine , $ 20 worth of meth , and 3 Xanax pills . Wright was scheduled to see 10 patients on the day he disappeared . He only saw two . The second client told authorities Wright excused himself because he felt sick . The family has long stated that one of the failures of the investigation was authorities ' neglecting to search . The indictment said authorities tried to search Wright 's truck but were not given consent . It said the family searched the truck , found a business computer that was turned over to law enforcement and a personal computer that was not . When Wright 's body was found , parts were missing and it had puncture wounds , authorities said . They concluded that was the result of animal scavenging activity and injuries from barbed wire . Lauren Wright did not respond to a request for comment . Alfred 's sister Kassilia posted on Facebook that she did not support the U.S. attorney 's indictment , saying : "  The true killers , slaughterers , lynchmen and henchmen are walking free ! Mr. Hadnot is merely being used as a scapegoat in an extensive and meticulous ploy to mask the truth . "	Shane Hadnot charged with drug-related offenses that resulted in Wright 's death Wright was missing three weeks before his body was found A coroner 's report says his body was filled with drugs , and his death was ruled accidental
CNN  -- Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel is the new Formula One world champion after winning the title-deciding race in Abu Dhabi on Sunday . The German produced a peerless drive from pole position to take the checkered flag ahead of the McLaren pair of Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso , who led the championship standings going into the final race of the season , could only manage seventh place to see his title hopes ruined . The 23-year-old Vettel is the youngest-ever world champion in motorsport 's premier class , claiming his fifth victory of the year to take the lead in the standings for the first time in a topsy-turvy season . "  I 'm a bit speechless . I do n't know what you are supposed to say in this moment , " Vettel told the official post-race press conference . Blog : Vettel ushers in new F1 era "  It has been an incredibly tough season , physically and mentally especially . But we have always believed in myself , my car , the team " Spain 's Alonso , who only needed to finish fourth to deny Vettel the title , looked to be the victim of a tactical error by his Ferrari team after being pulled in for an early pitstop . It left the two-time world champion behind slower cars and he could not overtake and make up lost ground on the tight Yas Marina circuit . Alonso defended his team after his shattering disappointment , having qualified third fastest behind Vettel and Hamilton . "  After the race , it is always very easy to see the best strategy , " he told gathered reporters . "  But this is a sport . This is motor racing . Sometimes you win . Sometimes you lose . Congratulations to Red Bull and Sebastian , but next year we will try again . " Vettel 's teammate Mark Webber , who trailed Alonso by eight points going into the final round , saw his chances disappear in similar fashion after a premature stop for new tires and finished eighth . He too defended his team 's decision to bring him in early . "  Early in the race , obviously , we had to make a few calls to get out of that position we were in . It was n't too bad till then . "  And going for the harder tire pretty early on obviously hurt Fernando  Alonso  too because he had to cover me off -- so in a way it was a bit of a team effort I suppose that helped Seb take the title -- but obviously I did n't get the result I wanted . " The victory left Vettel on top of the standings with 256 points , just four clear of Alonso . Webber finished the season on 242 points with 2008 champion Hamilton on 240 . Red Bull had already clinched the constructors ' title after the penultimate race in Brazil , but a solid display from McLaren left them in second place ahead of Ferrari .	Sebastian Vettel becomes youngest-ever F1 world champion Red Bull ace takes title after winning title deciding race in Abu Dhabi Fernando Alonso sees his hopes disappear after finishing seventh McLarens of Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button take second and third
CNN  -- A line of fast-moving storms and possible tornadoes stretching from the Gulf Coast states to Illinois left at least six people dead Friday and caused widespread damage to homes and businesses , as forecasters warned of more potentially severe weather . Three people died in the small northwestern Arkansas town of Cincinnati , which reported power outages after the strong storm went through , said Ann Upton , Washington County 's emergency management deputy . Two additional fatalities occurred in Dent County , Missouri , according to Salem police spokeswoman Wanda Suhr . While a sixth storm-related death happened at a home just north of Rolla , Missouri , about 106 miles southwest of St. Louis , said Phelps County Emergency Management spokeswoman Sandy North . The storm injured residents and destroyed some 25 homes in Phelps County after it earlier left more than a dozen people hospitalized in northwestern Arkansas , medical officials said . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency . "  We have three confirmed deaths today . We have some other people with some significant injuries and that 's why I declared a state of emergency . Our state emergency management folks are up and operating to assist the locals and provide whatever support is necessary , " he told CNN . The governor , who is expected to tour the affected areas Saturday , said officials are still working to access the damage . In Arkansas , Washington Regional Medical Center spokeswoman Terry Fox said several people were also reported trapped under fallen debris in the storm 's immediate aftermath in Benton County . Six homes and four chicken production facilities were destroyed , while five homes suffered moderate to heavy damage , said Matt Garrity , Benton County 's manager of emergency services . A fire station , three buildings and one store were also damaged , said Garrity , and an airport that serves northwestern Arkansas was closed due to debris in the area . "  We are in part of tornado alley , " he said . "  So even a small storm does a lot of damage . " Emergency crews are currently surveying the extent of the damage and "  making sure that no one is trapped , " he said . In Mississippi , a storm system knocked out power to nearly 20,000 homes in the central part of the state , said Mara Hartman , a spokeswoman for Entergy Corporation . Elsewhere , the fast-moving storm caused injuries and damage in Pulaski and Laclede counties in Missouri , knocking out power at Fort Leonard Wood , a U.S. Army post that took a direct hit from a suspected tornado , accordingto Laclede County Emergency Management spokesman Gail Teter . Four people at the base were treated for minor injuries after the storm hit , the army said . The tornado cut through several miles from the training areas into where families live . The series of storms that moved through Oklahoma and into northwest Arkansas and southwest Missouri have reached speeds of 40 mph and passed through more populated areas in St. Louis , Missouri , and the surrounding municipalities . Search and rescue workers were deployed to assess the storm 's damage in St. Louis County , where there were reports of injuries , according to Mark Diedrich , the county 's emergency management acting director . CNN affiliate KMOV on Friday broadcast images of heavy damage -- including destroyed homes and overturned vehicles -- in Sunset Hills , Missouri , approximately 15 miles southwest of St. Louis . "  It 's causing havoc , " said Sunset Hills police spokeswoman Donna Palasky . The storm also left heavy structural damage to buildings in its wake -- including a popular shopping center and Catholic church -- in the town of Fenton , some 18 miles southwest of St. Louis , said Fenton Deputy Fire Chief Jeff Heidbreder . Emergency crews are surveying the damage , he said , but there were no reports of injuries . In the nearby town of Ballwin , police spokeman Jim Heldmann said the storm caused heavy damage to homes and buildings , but no injuries were reported at this time . The Arkansas Department of Emergency Management issued a tornado advisory as bad weather lingered in the state , instructing residents to seek shelter in their home 's interior rooms or on its lowest floor . "  When a tornado is sighted , the most important rule is to get low and stay low , " the statement said . The threat of severe thunderstorms and possible tornadoes will continue through Friday evening across the Mississippi Valley and Tennessee Valley states , according to Greg Carbin , meteorologist for the National Weather Service . CNN 's Mark Bixler , Reynolds Wolf , Tom Laabs , Erica Henry , Aaron Cooper and Shelby Erdman contributed to this report .	Missouri governor declares a state of emergency following storms 25 homes were destroyed in Phelps County , Missouri Midwest storms have left at least six people dead , officials say Storms caused heavy damage in the region surrounding St. Louis
Sen. Rand Paul appears to be warning former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and other potential 2016 candidates that support for Common Core would be a losing position in the GOP presidential contest . "  If there 's a Republican candidate out there -- let 's just say there 's a hypothetical one that 's for Common Core . I 'm saying that that hypothetical candidate that 's for Common Core probably does n't have much chance of winning in a Republican primary , " the Kentucky Republican told Breitbart.com . His comments , published Monday , come from an interview last week while Paul was in North Carolina campaigning for Senate hopeful Thom Tillis and Rep. Walter Jones . Paul did n't mention Bush or any other potential 2016 candidate by name , but the former Florida governor has been a vocal backer of Common Core , a set of national education standards for English and math . "  The danger of having one central governmental authority deciding curriculum is , what if we get some people who decide we really need to treat Karl Marx fairly , we need to make sure he gets a good writeup in the history , and Adam Smith , oh gosh , he was terrible , " Paul said . "  You can see how once it 's nationalized , one person can insert a bias into the curriculum , and it goes everywhere , and then you have to fight it . " While conservatives accuse the program of interfering with local government control , the standards were developed by the bipartisan National Governors Association , state governments and nonprofit groups . But if states want a share of President Barack Obama 's Race to the Top education grants , one of the ways to get it is by adopting Common Core . In that sense , the government created incentives for states to embrace the standards . Bush , who was campaigning for Tillis in North Carolina the week before Paul was there , reiterated his support for Common Core , according to The New York Times . Tillis did not express the same support and attacked the Department of Education . Bush says the standards help prepare students for college and the workforce . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has also offered support for Common Core , though he created a panel to review and improve the program 's implementation in the Garden State . Republican Govs. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana and Rick Perry of Texas have been fiercely opposed . Jindal sued the Obama administration over the issue this year and announced plans to take Louisiana out of the program , while Texas was one of five states that did n't adopt the standards at all . In the Senate , Republicans Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida are two potential presidential candidates who have also been highly critical of Common Core . Paul has previously weighed in on his disdain for the program , saying in August that he believes education standards "  should be developed locally " and reiterating his wish to eliminate the Department of Education . "  The kids are tested to death , I think , and not necessarily any smarter , " he said at a Republican event in Urbandale , Iowa . "  Is testing good ? Yes , but I would let local people figure that out . " "  I also think we make a mistake as Republicans blaming teachers for everything , you know , because frankly some of the fault ... we need to look in the mirror ; it 's parents ' fault as well , " he continued .	Sen. Rand Paul is strongly opposed to Common Core He thinks Republicans who support it in 2016 will fail in the primaries Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has been a staunch advocate Common Core is a set of national standards for math and English
There are comebacks -- and then there are comebacks . As the stars and stripes billowed in the San Francisco wind , Oracle Team USA produced one of the most monumental triumphs in sporting history . For a team which had stared into the abyss , trailing 8-1 at one stage , Oracle did what nobody outside of its catamaran believed it could do . Oracle , which defeated the Swiss team Alinghi three years ago , held onto its title when it seemed certain to suffer one of the most humiliating defeats the America 's Cup had ever seen . Live blog : As it happened "  It had everything , " said Oracle skipper Jimmy Spithill told Sky Sports . "  It was fantastic . We would n't have had it any other way . The guys showed so much heart . " Backed by billionaire Larry Ellison , who owns a 25 % in Oracle , the team pulled off a fairytale ending which money just can not buy . The 69-year-old , whose personal fortune is estimated at $ 41 billion by Forbes Magazine , boarded the boat to take part in the celebrations following a titanic tussle . The America 's Cup is the oldest trophy in international sport -- but rarely has sailing 's pinnacle event ever been so dramatic . It speaks volumes that even those who had barely heard of the event last week suddenly became hooked on a race which has been going since 1851 . And yet this contest should have been all over before Wednesday 's fantastic finale with Emirates Team New Zealand having stormed into an 8-1 lead . In fact , the challenger should have wrapped up the title with victory in race 13 only for it to be abandoned with its yacht just two minutes from the finish line because of a time limit rule . When the race was rescheduled , Oracle Team USA picked up the win which kept its hopes of a historic comeback alive . Only on two occasions has the destination of the trophy been unknown going into the final race of the competition . Oracle has appeared determined to make life difficult for itself since the start of its defense . The team was given a two point penalty and fined $ 250,000 after illegally placing lead pellets in their catamarans to gain extra weight . The incident also cost three crew members their place on the team . Racing in AC-72 catamarans , the first time these boats have been used in the competition , the crews expect to sail at around 40 knots or 74 kilometers an hour . Excitement is never far away -- but then again , never is danger . Only last March , British sailor Andrew Simpson died after being trapped under a catamaran in an America 's Cup training session with Swedish team Artemis . Last October , the Oracle team came perilously close to an accident of their own , while the Emirates boat has also had its own share of scary moments . But this past fortnight has brought sailing to the forefront of world sport with Oracle 's miraculous fightback set to go down as one of the greatest of all time . With both teams needing to win the race to get its hands on the trophy , a tight fought affair was expected . But despite a good start from Team New Zealand , it was the reigning champion which dominated . Led by Britain 's four time Olympic gold medalist Ben Ainslie , who replaced John Kostecki as the team tactician with the score at 4-1 , Oracle roared back in dramatic fashion . Ainslie is the first Briton to experience victory at the event since Charlie Barr led the American team Columbia to three consecutive victories in 1899 , 1901 and 1903 . The champagne was in full flow by the time Oracle made it back to dry land with fans in raptures at the side of the port . "  It really is all about the team , " added Spithill . "  On your own you 're nothing , the team make you look great . "  I 'm so proud of the boys . We were staring down the barrel at 8-1 but the boys did n't even flinch . It was a fantastic team effort . " Team New Zealand skipper Dean Barker was left inconsolable at the conclusion of the titanic tussle . He added : "  I 'm incredibly proud of the team and what they 've achieved but gutted we did n't get the last win we needed to take the cup back to New Zealand . "  It 's hard to swallow . "	Oracle Team USA wins America Cup Only second time in 162-year history that competition has gone down to the final race Emirates New Zealand had led 8-1 before losing 9-8
CNN  -- Rain , floods , evacuations and power cuts may have hit Sochi -- but an Olympic size effort is underway to ensure the city is ready to host the 2014 Winter Games . Streets and homes were flooded Tuesday with Irina Rossius , the press secretary for Russia 's Emergencies Ministry , forced to admit that a state of emergency was still in effect , according to Russian state agency , RIA Novosti . While the local Emergency Ministries branch had denied that a state of emergency had been imposed , "  the negative outlook " for Tuesday night has led to a change in circumstances . It is estimated that 1800 workers are currently undertaking work to clean the city following the evacuations of residents . While 10 homes in the village of Mirny and some train stations in the Adler district are still flooded , the ministry stated on its website that rescue teams had made progress by pumping out water and allowing some trains to run . The ministry also confirmed that all 30 residents who were moved from the village of Kepsha have since returned home after the water level drop from 45 centimeters to 5cm . Flights at Sochi 's regional airports were canceled amidst severe weather , while traffic jams left the roads in turmoil . Kubanenergo , the local power company , confirmed Tuesday that it had cut off the power in five regions to avoid risking power outages . The floods come at the worst possible time for Sochi with the International Olympic Committee coordination committee making its final visit to the city before the Games , which start on February 7 . The commission 's chairman , Jean-Claude Killy , will finish his visit on Thursday after holding meetings with organizers and visiting venues . "  The exceptional weather conditions in Sochi have not impacted the visit of the IOC coordination commission that is in Sochi from Sept 24 to Sept 26 , " read a statement sent to CNN by the IOC . "  The Commission 's work is ongoing and they have just completed a successful visit to the mountain venues . " When contacted by CNN Wednesday , the Olympstroy press office insisted none of the venues had been damaged by the adverse weather . "  None of the sports venues in Imeretinskaya lowland and in Krasnaya Polyana have been affected by heavy rainfall , " read a statement . "  All the new Olympic facilities have been built in accordance with strict seismic safety , weather protection and geological protection guidelines . " All venues have proper mudslide and landslide protection . Service personnel in both mountain and coastal clusters are in place to ensure proper functioning of the facilities . "	Floods and torrential rain hit the Russian city of Sochi Sochi is set to host the 2014 Winter Olympics in February International Olympic Committee insist there are no problems with venues
New York  CNN  -- The heir to the Saudi throne , Crown Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud , died in a New York hospital early Saturday , officials said , raising succession questions in the key oil-producing country at a time of regional turmoil . Sultan , the half-brother of King Abdullah , was thought to be in his 80s . He had been ill for some time -- various reports indicated that he was battling cancer -- and was receiving treatment in New York . Saudi television broke into normal programming early Saturday to announce the death . It broadcast Quranic verses and footage of pilgrims in the holy city of Mecca . Sultan 's body will be flown back to Saudi Arabia and a burial is scheduled for Tuesday . He had served for decades as the Saudi defense minister . President Barack Obama called him a "  valued friend " of the United States . "  He was a strong supporter of the deep and enduring partnership between our two countries , " Obama said . "  On behalf of the American people , I extend my deepest condolences to King Abdullah , the royal family , and the people of Saudi Arabia . Robert Jordan , a former U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia , called Sultan a "  staunch ally . " "  His passing marks the end of a significant era in Saudi Arabia , " he said . "  The steps taken to select a new Crown Prince will be scrutinized by the world and will provide insight into King Abdullah 's vision for future leadership of the Kingdom . " Ascension to the Saudi throne does not pass from father to son . Rather , it 's a complex process and decisions are always cloaked in secrecy in the conservative kingdom . King Abdullah set up the Allegiance Council in 2006 to allow for more transparency in succession . It is unclear when this group , made up of members of the royal family , will be employed to make a decision on the next crown prince . Sultan 's death leaves his brother Nayef , a reputed conservative , as the likely successor to the king . Abdullah appointed Nayef in 2009 as the country 's second deputy prime minister , a post held by the second in line to the throne . Nayef has been the interior minister since 1975 and as such , he oversaw the kingdom 's counterterrorism efforts . Saudi Arabia is one of the only countries that has truly dismantled a domestic al Qaeda network , said Christopher Boucek , a Saudi expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  Nayef is widely seen as a hard-line conservative who at best is lukewarm to King Abdullah 's reform initiatives , " said a classified U.S. Embassy cable leaked by the website WikiLeaks . "  However , it would be more accurate to describe him as a conservative pragmatist convinced that security and stability are imperative to preserve Al-Saud rule and ensure prosperity for Saudi citizens , " the cable said . But Boucek said little has changed . "  The king is still in charge , and nothing will change until the throne passes from him to the next brother . " Gregory Gause , a University of Vermont professor who has authored books on the Gulf states , said Nayef is hardly one to blaze a path for political reform , but that 's not to say Saudi Arabia will feel any reverberations . "  There is truth to the idea that Nayef is not someone who sees political reform as a major goal of the government , " Gause said . "  But I do not want to say that if he were to become king , he would act in the same way as he is now . " Saudi Arabia is not immune to the sort of popular uprisings that have brought down regimes in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya . The nation suffers from the same political and economic issues , Gause said . But the difference , he said , is that Saudi Arabia is wealthy and the king has recently deployed huge amounts of money for housing and salaries . Also Saturday , Abdullah left a hospital in Riyadh following successful back surgery , the Saudi Press Agency reported . Abdullah , 87 , will complete his recuperation at the royal palace . It was the monarch 's third back surgery in the past year . Meanwhile , Saudi Arabia 's leadership mourned Abdullah 's half-brother . "  Crown Prince Sultan lived his life in service of his country and also serving the Arab people and the people of Saudi Arabia , " said Saleh Al-Namla , a member of Saudi Arabia 's Shura Council . "  He was very much loved by the country . " He took a leading role in Saudi Arabia 's involvement in the 1991 Gulf War against Iraq , heading a coalition of about half a million troops from more than 30 countries . Of his many children , perhaps the best known internationally is Prince Bandar , Saudi Arabia 's former ambassador to the United States . Bandar served as ambassador from 1983 to 2005 and was friends with the family of former President George W. Bush . CNN 's Jamie Crawford , Mohammed Jamjoom , Moni Basu , Nic Robertson and Rima Maktabi contributed to this report .	King Abdullah leaves Riyadh hospital after back surgery President Obama says the United States has lost a ` valued friend ' Sultan had been ill for some time and died in a New York hospital Prince Nayef , a reputed conservative , is a likely successor
Santiago , Chile  CNN  -- Chile 's president said Wednesday that conditions were "  inhumane " at a prison south of Santiago where a fire killed 81 prisoners . President Sebastian Pinero visited a hospital where five injured inmates were hospitalized and afterward told reporters that the San Miguel prison was vastly overcrowded . "  The conditions that existed at the prison were inhumane , " Pinera said . "  Chile does not deserve a prison system as we have . This is a problem that has dragged on for a long time . " The prison housed 1,961 inmates at the time of the fire Wednesday , said Felipe Bulnes , the justice minister . The prison was built to hold only 1,000 inmates , CNN Chile reported . Health minister Jaime Manalich said 14 inmates were in critical condition after the fire . A firefighter and three policemen were also injured , CNN Chile reported . Another 200 inmates were evacuated . "  This is a terrible tragedy , " Manalich said , calling it the worst incident to strike the country 's penal system . Chilean Senator Guido Girardi said that the tragedy could not be blamed entirely on overcrowding , noting that only five guards and a single paramedic were on duty at the time of the blaze . "  I think there is a state responsibility , of Chilean society , of all governments , " Girardi , a member of the Party for Democracy , told CNN Chile , " ... and I think it is not possible that all the responsibility should be attributed to overcrowded conditions . " The fire started on the fourth floor of San Miguel prison 's Tower 5 after a riot among inmates , metropolitan regional commissioner Fernando Echeverria said . The call came in at shortly before 6 a.m. -- nearly an hour after the fire started , the fire department said . The cause of the blaze is under investigation , the department said . Meanwhile , a large crowd of inmates ' relatives gathered outside the prison , worried about the fate of their loved ones . "  Why wo n't they give us information ? " one woman asked . Echeverria said authorities will inform the relatives of deceased prisoners before making the names public . "  Our main concern is to attend to those people who were injured and to handle the information regarding those who died diligently , " Bulnes said . Earlier reports indicated 83 people died in the fire , but Manalich said the number was 81 .	NEW : Overcrowded conditions at prison were "  inhuman , " president says NEW : San Miguel prison was housing nearly double its capacity NEW : Fourteen prisoners are critically injured ; a firefighter and three policemen are also hurt NEW : Senator says security at the prison was lacking
CNN  -- Last month Facebook announced it had signed up its 500 millionth member . Many news outlets began stories on this milestone by declaring that if Facebook were a nation , it would be the third-most populous on the planet . Immigrants to this nation include tens of millions from Mexico , Turkey , France , Italy , India and the Philippines . The 125 million Americans who 've joined the service represent only a quarter of the citizens . And with support for 100 languages , Facebook would be one of the world 's most polyglot lands , far surpassing India 's 22 official languages . Facebook , of course , is not a nation . It 's a service that allows users to share photos , updates , news and play games with other users of the service . And while 500 million people from all over the globe use the service , for most of us , Facebook feels less like an transnational melting pot and more like the neighborhood bar where everyone knows your name . While more than 5 percent of Facebook users are Indonesian , it 's unlikely that you 're friends with any of them , unless you have Indonesian friends in the offline world . That 's because Facebook is designed to connect you with people you already know , not introduce you to new people . When you sign up for Facebook , the service first searches for any mentions of your name and suggests you befriend anyone who has mentioned you in their posts . It then asks to access your e-mail account so you can connect with anyone with whom you regularly correspond . Finally , it encourages you to add information about your high school , college and employer to your profile . It uses this information to find friends within your classmates and co-workers . You have ample opportunity to connect with people you already know before you have a chance to discover anyone new . Read more about Ethan Zuckerman on TED.com Once you 've found your friends on Facebook , they share their news , gossip and discoveries with you . This can be a source of serendipitous discovery , as friends find stories and inspirations you would have missed . Or it can serve as an echo chamber , slowly persuading you that everyone views the world the way you do , because the people you know on Facebook share your prejudices and views . I study the ways new media shapes people 's perceptions of the world . It 's my fond hope that social networks such as Facebook will help users broaden their perspectives by listening to a different set of people than they encounter in their daily life . But I fear services such as Facebook may be turning us into imaginary cosmopolitans . We hear that 500 million people from around the world are using Facebook and forget that we hear mostly from our 130  on average  friends , many of whom we 've known since we went to high school together . On the internet , information from Indiana and India is equally cheap and easy to access . But of the 100 most popular news and information sites in the United States , only 10 are hosted outside the country . And 94 percent of those page views are to U.S. sites . This pattern holds true in all 10 countries with the largest numbers of internet users . Despite ample opportunity to use the internet to seek information from beyond our national borders , most of our internet usage is local . Like the Internet itself , Facebook is one of the most powerful technologies ever built to increase connection between people separated by borders of nation , language , religion and culture . Armenian journalist Onnik Krikorian reports that Facebook has created a space where young Armenians and Azeri -- separated in physical space by a decades-old border dispute -- can explore friendships that would never otherwise develop . But Facebook can also spawn spaces that make cross-cultural dialog more difficult . The "  Everybody Draw Mohammed Day " Facebook campaign began as a humorous protest in support of freedom of expression , inspired by a cartoon drawn by Molly Norris . As the group attracted 100,000 members on Facebook , the drawings of the Muslim prophet submitted to the group became increasingly offensive and violent . Norris and others initially involved with the protest distanced themselves as the group became a campaign against Islam rather than a campaign for free speech . Before Facebook removed the campaign from its site , a Pakistani court ordered a nationwide ban on the social networking service in reaction to the offensive content . Is Facebook a space for cross-cultural interaction ? For fomenting reactionary hatred ? Or is it primarily a space for online interaction with our local , offline friends ? "  Peace on Facebook " is a page where Facebook tries to quantify connections made on the service across lines of religion and nationality . Some of the news is encouraging : 29,651 connections between Indian and Pakistani users made in the past 24 hours . Some is dispiriting -- only 974 Muslim/Jewish connections in the previous day . With half a billion users and an estimated 65 billion friendships , such numbers are small . To me , they suggest we have work to do if we want a network such as Facebook to do its part in making the world a wider and better-connected place . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ethan Zuckerman .	Facebook has half a billion users , notes Ethan Zuckerman He says Facebook could be force to connect people from many backgrounds Online networks tend to connect us with people we already know or who are like us , he says Zuckerman : We have work to do to make web , social networks truly worldwide
CNN  Two major trials kicking off 2015 feature defendants invoking the insanity defense . For many , this adds to the myth that insanity is commonly used and frequently successful . But in fact , the insanity defense is raised in less than 1 % of felony cases , and it 's only successful in a fraction of those . Moreover , defendants judged to have been legally insane at the time of the offense and subsequently found not guilty by reason of insanity are in almost all cases indefinitely committed to psychiatric hospitals for treatment . Statistically speaking , for those who want to see some guilty verdicts in the trials of James Holmes or Eddie Routh , they are likely to get their wish . The legal standard for insanity varies across America , with each state free to apply any number of tests developed over the last centuries . While it may seem strange to have patchwork law among the states on an apparent issue of science , according to the U.S. Supreme Court , that 's exactly how it was intended to be . In 1843 , the English House of Lords articulated the first modern insanity test in the infamous M'Naghten case . Daniel M'Naghten was a commoner who killed an English civil servant while suffering delusions . He was acquitted and placed in a mental institution for the remainder of his life . Henceforth , the M'Naghten rule says that a person is insane if , because of a "  disease of the mind " at the time he committed the act , he  1  did not know the "  nature and quality of the act " that he was performing ; or  2  he did not know that what he was doing was wrong . The M'Naghten rule was thereafter widely adopted almost word for word in the United States . One of the major criticisms of the M'Naughten rule was that it focuses on the cognitive ability to know right from wrong , and ignores the concept of self-control . This led to the development of another kind of test -- the "  irresistible impulse " provision in many states , under which a defendant who can distinguish between right and wrong can still be absolved if he is still unable to stop himself from committing an act he knows to be wrong . Still another test was developed by an appellate court in 1954 . In Durham v. United States , the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia scrapped the M'Naughten rule and the "  irresistible impulse " tests and held that a defendant could not be found criminally responsible "  if his unlawful act was the product of mental disease or mental defect . " The decision eschewed moral definitions of insanity , and focused more on science and psychiatry . The Durham rule was also criticized as vague and overly broad ; many states rejected the test , and in 1962 , the American Law Institute , or ALI , announced yet another insanity defense , which enjoyed immediate popularity with many legislatures and judiciaries . Under the ALI test , an individual is not responsible for his criminal conduct if , because of mental defect , he either lacked "  substantial capacity " to appreciate the "  criminality " of his conduct , or he failed to "  conform " his conduct to the requirements of law . Notice the difference from the M'Naghten test -- the ALI test accepts not only cognitive impairment but also volitional impairment as an excuse -- which is the loss of control or ability to "  conform " conduct to the law . The popularity of the ALI test and its "  volitional " component would be short-lived . In fact , its death knell sounded in 1981 , when John Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity , based on an ALI standard , of the attempted assassination of President Ronald Reagan . The effects of the public furor over Hinckley 's acquittal were immediate . Federal and state jurisdictions promptly did away with the ALI standard and returned to a restrictive test reminiscent of M'Naghten . As it stands today , some 46 states have an insanity defense , and 45 of those have insanity tests based on either M'Naghten or the Model Penal Code tests . States with the Model Penal Code test have chosen to include a control element , and certain states still using the original M'Naghten test have added that "  irresistible impulse " or control element . It gets even more complicated . Some states do n't even have the insanity defense . Montana was the first state to do away with it completely . After the Hinckley backlash , four other states followed suit and abolished the defense : Utah , Kansas , Idaho and Nevada -- the latter 's Supreme Court later ruled the absence of the insanity defense unconstitutional . To say reasonable minds can differ on the insanity defense is an understatement . It may seem strange that a medical-sounding determination like insanity has different definitions from state to state . After all , is n't medicine a science ? Like astronomy and biology ? The law of gravity and the speed limit of light do n't vary from state to state . Should our legal definition and recognition of illness and brain function vary from state to state ? Arthritis , psoriasis and a sprained ankle are the same in Mississippi as they are in Oregon . But the law is fundamentally different than medicine . If medicine is applying science to illness , the law is about a regional people 's collective norms and perceptions of that illness . As Justice Louis Brandeis said in New State Ice Co. v. Liebmann , "  It is one of the happy incidents of the federal system that a single courageous State may , if its citizens choose , serve as a laboratory , and try novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the country . " That 's right . Not only are the states free to develop disparate law in the field of legal insanity , but under the Constitution , they are encouraged to do so . Of course , Brandeis was quick to add that the court has "  the power to prevent an experiment . We may strike down the statute which embodies it on the ground that , in our opinion , the measure is arbitrary , capricious , or unreasonable . " And ultimately , that 's what this debate will always boil down to -- whether a state is free to legislate with unfettered discretion in accepting or not accepting an insanity defense , or , if insanity is a constitutionally guaranteed option , outside a state legislature 's jurisdiction . To many , particularly in the defense bar , the availability of the defense is often academic . With a success rate so low , many would say the insanity defense is effectively abolished already . But do n't take my word for it . Keep score on the Holmes and Routh cases . We 'll reconvene after .	Trials of James Holmes and Eddie Routh will invoke insanity defense Danny Cevallos : The insanity defense is rarely ever successful in court cases
CNN  -- In news that likely did n't surprise anyone , AMC announced Tuesday that "  The Walking Dead " was renewed for a fifth season . Airing Sunday nights , the zombie apocalypse show picked up 20.2 million viewers for its Season Four premiere , a number that breaks records for nonsports telecasts on cable . Situated right in the middle of this pop culture hoard of zombies is Greg Nicotero , a makeup effects guru . He 's a director and executive producer on the show . In 1988 , Nicotero co-founded KNB EFX group , a popular effects studio for film and TV , and went on to establish a reputation in Hollywood . Long before he joined Robert Kirkman , "  Walking Dead " comic book creator , and Frank Darabont , show creator , Nicotero launched his career as a student of zombie icons George A. Romero and Tom Savini . Nicotero , who still runs KNB , has now become involved in the theme park business by acting as a consultant for Universal Studios Orlando 's "  Walking Dead " attraction at their Halloween Horror Nights event .  It 's also represented in part at Universal Hollywood . Zombie 101 with Greg Nicotero Shortly before the news about Season Five was official , Greg Nicotero spoke to CNN via phone to discuss his outlook on the future of "  The Walking Dead , " the theme park attraction and the hidden tributes he sneaks into episodes he directs : CNN : Having spoken with you before , you strike me as someone always striving to learn new techniques . What do you find yourself looking at for the show 's future ? Greg Nicotero : I appreciate you saying that because every season when I watch the show , I 'm constantly looking at what I feel people responded to and what people like , and what I thought was successful or could be refined . A show like "  The Walking Dead " gives us that opportunity to refine the look of the Walkers and the performances . We have the opportunity to play with the concepts , the designs , the sculptures . Every year we 're able to do that and it 's exciting . CNN : What are some new things you 've learned to bring into "  The Walking Dead " moving forward ? Nicotero : When you make something for a movie , when it 's done filming , you remove the prosthetics and throw it away . For these guys  at Universal Orlando -RSB- , they build it for a completely different mindset . There have been things they 've done that I 've been like , : Wow , that 's really smart , I wish I 'd thought of that . " For example , they will put magnets inside the teeth and magnets inside the prosthetics . So the teeth do n't clip onto the actor 's teeth but the teeth attach inside the prosthetic , so you do n't have to put custom dentures into every single performer . That 's a really neat idea because , for background stuff , you do n't need to worry about putting teeth into all of them . I think that works really well . Photos : Key characters killed on ` The Walking Dead ' CNN : As the show progresses each season , and becomes increasingly successful , is there pressure because people expect more from the show , and because it receives additional attention ? Nicotero : I think we put the pressure on ourselves to raise the bar . Andy Lincoln and I have had many conversations about that -- about our commitment to the show , our passion and our commitment to the fans . I am really proud of Season Four and where the show is going . The fact that viewers have responded very positively is rewarding because we fought very hard to make sure the show continues every season to raise the bar . We 're all creative , passionate people -- every single crew member and actor on the show wants it to be better . Our show runner , Scott Gimple , is a fan first and a great writer second , so I feel like we all challenge each other . I do n't know if "  pressure " is the right word , but we feel an obligation to continue to make the show great . CNN : When Universal first approached you about bringing "  The Walking Dead " to a theme park , was there any hesitation ? Nicotero : No , as a matter of fact , it was quite the opposite . The show has been able to attract quite a significant fan base , and what interested me in this collaboration was giving fans a little more of an interactive experience . What Universal Orlando has been able to do is put fans directly in the middle of the experience . You get to walk through the hallways of the prison , see Hershel 's barn , all these really exciting moments . It 's like the greatest hits of the show . Being able to do this is an exciting endeavor . CNN : Was there a concern about quality control since the Walkers in the park are based on your design , but you 're not there to manage it ? Nicotero : I 'm not there on a day-to-day basis , but I have interacted and consulted with Mike Aiello and his creative team in regards to all of the sculptures . I provided them with photos of a lot of sculptures we did at KNB EFX . They replicated a lot of the stuff we did . In a few instances , like with Michonne 's pets , I sent them actual prosthetic pieces used on the show so their sculptors could duplicate , as close as possible , the work we did on the show . I really was involved in that capacity . CNN : What do you think the appeal is of theme park guests walking through "  The Walking Dead " ? NIcotero : I am a movie fan . I 've flown to Martha 's Vineyard to see where they shot "  Jaws . " I have been to the Monroeville Mall to see where they shot "  Dawn of the Dead , " been to the steps in "  The Exorcist " where Father Karras falls down the steps . I have been that guy who has been to those locations because it connects me to the material I love so much . That 's what everybody does when they go to Universal . They 're going to connect themselves to the experience , and they now know what it 's like to be on the set of "  The Walking Dead . " Fans will seek out those experiences . CNN : Has the success of "  The Walking Dead " added to the awareness of George Romero 's work , or do you feel like you need to encourage people to look back to "  Night of the Living Dead " and his other films ? Nicotero : That 's a great question , and I 'm very glad you asked that . I saw George about two weeks ago in Los Angeles . There was a 30th anniversary screening of "  Day of the Dead , " and I went and had n't seen George in about two years . The guy , in my opinion , is a genius . He was the guy that got me into the business . "  Dawn of the Dead " and "  Jaws " teeter back-and-forth as the number one movie that I loved , and which influenced me . Before 1968  when "  Night of the Living Dead " came out  , zombies were strictly referred to as a voodoo character , not even an undead but under a spell . He created a new creature ; they came back from the dead , eat the flesh of the living and you shoot them in the head to kill them . As far as I 'm concerned , "  The Walking Dead " would n't exist without George Romero . ... Robert Kirkman 's comic book is really a love letter to George Romero . His movies were so groundbreaking that they influenced guys like me and Robert Kirkman and Darabont . When I saw him two weeks ago , I was still geeking out . CNN : Now you 're serving as a frequent director on "  The Walking Dead , " so how does that make you think differently about your past effects work ? Nicotero : I think about things differently because I did come up in the ranks of the makeup effects world . When I get to direct episodes now , what 's fun is I throw little tributes in there . We did a cameo of the airport zombie from "  Dawn of the Dead " with the plaid shirt in Episode 15 last year . I get to put those little in-jokes in . I love doing that . I 'm directing Episode 15 , and I 'm popping in a few tributes . The thing I love the most is I 've been doing this 30 years , and every day I come to work and still learn more . It really is the ultimate position , creatively , for me .	Special effects master Greg Nicotero previews "  The Walking Dead " theme park attraction He sneaks hidden tributes into "  Waking Dead " episodes he directs "  The Walking Dead " just got renewed for a fifth season
Washington  CNN  -- A repeal of President Barack Obama 's signature health care law is "  not gon na happen " even if the GOP takes the Senate , Ohio Gov. John Kasich said . The Republican governor 's comments , in an interview with The Associated Press published Monday , are a major departure from the rest of his party -- and stunning for a potential 2016 presidential contender . "  The opposition to it was really either political or ideological , " Kasich said of Obamacare . "  I do n't think that holds water against real flesh and blood , and real improvements in people 's lives . " The governor later reversed course on Twitter , saying The Associated Press "  got it wrong " and that he wants to "  repeal and replace " Obamacare . A Kasich spokesman said the governor was referring solely to Obamacare 's Medicaid expansion -- not the entire law -- and that his comments were reported out of context . Kasich angered conservatives when he bypassed Ohio 's Republican-controlled legislature and embraced Obamacare 's Medicaid expansion last year . His comments reflect the political balancing act facing GOP governors who criticized the law but have implemented parts or all of it . Indiana Gov. Mike Pence has sought a middle ground , arguing for a version of the Medicaid expansion that includes changes such as individual health savings accounts requiring personal contributions -- a program initially crafted under his predecessor , Mitch Daniels . Others Republican governors seen as prospective presidential candidates , like Wisconsin 's Scott Walker and Louisiana 's Bobby Jindal , have been outspoken opponents of Obamacare , refusing to implement it and saying they 'd like to see it repealed . In states that have expanded Medicaid , Democratic Senate candidates like Alison Lundergan Grimes in Kentucky have pressed their Republican opponents about what would happen to the hundreds of thousands of low-income residents who now have health coverage . "  We have over a half a million Kentuckians who for the first time ever are filling prescriptions , they 're going to the doctor , they 're getting checkups , " Grimes said in a recent debate with Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell . "  I will not be a senator that rips that insurance from their hands . "	NEW : Governor 's spokesman says comments were reported out of context Repeal "  not gon na happen " even if GOP takes Senate , Ohio Gov. Kasich says in interview His comments are a major break from Republicans who argue the law should be repealed
Dadaab , Kenya  CNN  -- Humphry Musyoka , a doctor at the world 's largest refugee camp , knows well how quickly dehydration can ravage the body of a child . A young girl who seems OK one minute can turn on a dime . But Musyoka , who works at the Dadaab refugee complex in Kenya , says he has no time to think about loss . "  More are still coming , so we have to do something about that , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  It 's very challenging mentally , I 'd say , because you lose life . But what do you do about the next one ? " "  How are you going to respond ? " he asks . Such are the questions aid agencies are struggling to answer as fighting and famine push hundreds of thousands of Somalis to Dadaab , located near the border . The United Nations has declared famine in five areas in southern Somalia , including the capital of Mogadishu . The human catastrophe was triggered by the worst drought in more than half a century and compounded by decades of conflict , high inflation and increasing global food and fuel prices . In all , about 12 million people in the Horn of Africa region need assistance ; Somalia is the worst hit . Originally built for less than 100,000 people , the Dadaab refugee complex now houses more than 400,000 , while tens of thousands more cling to its edges . Many of the children who arrive at the camp are severely malnourished , according to relief workers . Some have spent weeks on the road with their mothers , walking at night to avoid the heat , braving dust and dirt storms . Extra beds have been added to the children 's ward of a hospital , run by the International Rescue Committee . A six-month old , suffering from diarrhea and vomiting , weighs six pounds . He should be twice that . A listless , four-year-old girl is fed what looks to be fortified milk from a plastic mug ; a hand props up her head . Still , they are the lucky ones , says CNN 's Sanjay Gupta . About 29,000 children have died in the last month , according to U.N. estimates . And many who are sick will never recover . One such girl was Sarah . Her father , Aden Ibrahim , buried her body beneath the desert floor some two weeks ago . She was four . "  She needed more help , " Ibrahim said then . "  We have not been given enough help because we have been given flour and maize only -- and a child who is sick will not get better on flour and maize . " The U.N. 's refugee agency is calling for more private and government donations for emergency operations in the Horn of Africa , warning that a lack of funds threatens future aid . The aid organization says it needs $ 145 million to cover operations through the end of the year , adding that it has received 45 % of that amount so far . CNN correspondent David McKenzie recently revisited Ibrahim , who is now confined to his bed inside a makeshift tent . "  I have n't been able to do anything since I saw you last , " said Ibrahim , weakened by fever and coughing fits . "  All I can do is lie in bed with my son . "	Fighting and famine push Somalis to Kenya 's Dadaab complex Many of the children who reach the camp are severely malnourished They are the lucky ones , says CNN 's Sanjay Gupta The U.N. estimates 29,000 children have died in the last month
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A volcanic eruption in Indonesia that has displaced more than 22,000 people is intensifying , local authorities say . Mount Sinabung , which began spewing gas in September after a three-year slumber , has erupted over 220 times this week . The hot ashes and smoke have caused pyroclastic flows -- a fast-moving mass of gas and rocks -- to stretch to seven kilometers down the southeast slope of the 2,600 meter  8,530 foot  mountain in North Sumatra . Last week , flows reached three kilometers . The local government is still able to cope with the disaster , and no casualties have been reported according to Sutopo Purwo Nugroho , spokesman for Indonesia 's national agency for disaster management . The government has evacuated more than 22,000 people to 34 temporary camps . However one area , housing at least 1,000 residents , still lacks necessary provisions and shelter . The displaced say they have urgent need for baby formula , clean water and gas , said local aid coordinator in Jambur Siabang-abang . A national emergency has n't been declared , but the government is prepared for the "  worst case scenario . " In case of bigger eruptions , the danger zone would be extended to a radius of 10 kilometers from 5 to 7 kilometers currently . If the zone is enlarged , Nugroho estimates that 59,000 people would have to be evacuated . Kathy Quiano in Jakarta , Indonesia contributed to this report .	A volcanic eruption in Indonesia is intensifying More than 22,000 people have been evacuated from Mount Sinabung area No casualties have been reported Authorities considering expanding "  danger zone " if eruptions get bigger
CNN  -- Earth Day is the time of year to hear the usual polarized debates between liberals who lament humanity 's reckless use of natural resources and conservatives who deny any human role in climate change and echo Sarah Palin 's call for industry to "  drill , baby , drill . " This division is familiar , but it has n't always been this way . After all , it was President Nixon who established the Environmental Protection Agency and signed the Clean Air Act . Long before that , social conservatives were in the vanguard of environmental activism in the United States , in part because of their traditional views about women . Lydia Adams-Williams , conservationist and writer , summed up a widely held belief when she proclaimed in 1908 , "  Man has been too busy building railroads , constructing ships , engineering great projects and exploiting vast commercial enterprises to take the time necessary to consider the problems which concern the welfare of the home and the future . " It fell to women , she declared , "  to educate public sentiment to save from rapacious waste and complete exhaustion the resources upon which depend the welfare of the home , the children , and the children 's children . " The General Federation of Women 's Clubs was a leader in the fight for resource conservation . Founded in 1890 and officially nonpartisan , it was made up almost exclusively of full-time homemakers who rejected feminism , accepting marriage and motherhood as women 's highest calling . The General Federation maintained that "  conservation in its material and ethical sense is the basic principle of womanhood . " "  Woman 's supreme function as mother of the race gives her a special claim to protection , " it said , "  not so much individually as for unborn generations . " And in 1911 , Ladies ' Home Journal reminded it readers that , as housekeepers , "  you have been practicing conservation all your life , doing on a small scale what the Government is beginning to do on a huge one . ... The Government is in a way the good mother of us all . " Such ideas were inculcated into millions of girls when they joined the Girl Scouts of America , established in 1912 by Juliette Gordon Low . According to the organization 's original handbook , a Girl Scout 's first duty was to "  Be Womanly , " for "  none of us like women who ape men . " Among the tasks of a good Girl Scout was to "  have children of your own " and "  teach them to be good , hardworking , honorable citizens in our big growing country . " Girls were told that they were the natural leaders in conservation : "  Women and girls have it infinitely more in their power than men have to prevent waste . ... The real test of a good cook is how little food she wastes . " Girls were also urged to apply to natural resources the principles of conservation practiced at home , recognizing that "  in this United States of ours we have cut down too many trees and our forests are fast following the buffalo . " Their innate maternal qualities left them uniquely qualified -- and obligated -- to conserve , protect and defend parks and forests . This notion that women 's natural role as homemakers and mothers gave them a responsibility to act as nature 's housekeepers led many socially conservative women to take up environmental activism , campaigning to protect the nation 's bird population , which was being decimated by the feather trade , and promoting conservation education in their children 's schools . Most men dismissed women 's environmental concerns as sentimental and frivolous . The Chicago Record Herald reported that the God who made coal "  knew that smoke would be a good thing for the world . " Women like naturalist Ella Higginson fired back , charging that men were so obsessed with profit that they wanted to "  tear down our forests , rip open our mountain sides , blow out our stumps with giant powder ,  and  dam up our water ways . " For decades , socially conservative women joined groups like the Audubon Society , working in unison with more socially liberal members . Suburban homemakers joined with college students to make up the core of the new environmental movement of the 1970s . Under the leadership of Lois Gibbs , the protests at Love Canal were led primarily by full-time homemakers who rejected much of the burgeoning feminist movement . They welcomed , however , the assistance of liberal activists in their campaign for a safe , nontoxic environment . In recent years , liberals who reject traditional social values have come to dominate the conservation movement . But for a time , there was a joint involvement in resource protection that provides a model of how people with opposing social views can come together in support of the environment that we all share . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nancy Unger .	Nancy Unger : On Earth Day , liberals and conservatives show polarization on conservation But conservative women were early conservation supporters because of role as mothers She says they held traditional roles as protector of children , health Unger : Men dismissed them as frivolous , but women decried men rapaciously damaging Earth
CNN  -- The ruptured Macondo well , a mile under the Gulf of Mexico off the Louisiana coast , has been pronounced dead following the worst oil disaster in U.S. history , but that does n't mean work associated with the spill is complete , the government 's point man for the disaster response said Monday . "  It 's going to go on as long as it takes to get the marshes and the beaches clean , " retired Adm. Thad Allen told CNN 's "  American Morning . "  We have detailed plans that we 've negotiated with the states and the parishes in Louisiana to determine , if you will , how clean is clean . " In some areas , such as Louisiana 's Barataria Bay , "  we 're going to stay with this for quite a while , " he said . At some point , officials may decide they have done all they can , "  but for right now , we 're still at it . " Although authorities say testing does not show high levels of oil remaining in the water , some researchers insist the oil has settled to the sea floor and infiltrated the bottom , where it could affect ecosystems . Asked about those reports , Allen said , "  I do n't think we can know too much about the Gulf of Mexico and the presence of hydrocarbons in the water column . " He said he has been working with Jane Lubchenco , administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , to develop a long-term subsea oil monitoring program that can be used not only in the response effort , but also as part of long-term restoration . "  What we really need to do is harness all the resources of the federal government and the state and local institutions , including academia , and build a database that can tell us more about the Gulf , " he sad . "  Right now the readings we 're taking do n't show large concentrations . We 're really talking about microscopic particles of oil . We really need to understand better what 's happening on the sea floor . " A joint investigative team is still probing the cause of the explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig April 20 , which killed 11 men and triggered the underwater oil gusher . Crews last week , as part of the kill process , drilled into the annulus , or the outer ring of the well . No oil was found there , which could be an important clue in the investigation . Allen said it will be up to the joint investigative team , which includes the Department of Interior and others , to determine what occurred . "  There are a lot of theories , " he said . " ... A lot of people would tell you further down in the well , there was some kind of a crossover between the annulus and the casing pipe where it was cemented . I 'm sure we 're not going to know that until the investigative team has finished its work . " BP , which owns the well , has left open the possibility of tapping back into the reservoir . Asked whether they should , Allen said that would be a policy decision between BP and the Department of Interior . "  Frankly , it 's above my pay grade , " he said . But he added that any decision would involve "  a high level of assurance " by the government . Asked his personal opinion , Allen said , "  I think we 've got a lot of problems with energy in this country related to fossil fuels and the need to move to other types of fuels . " He called for a "  very balanced discussion " taking the risks into account , as well as the need to have an energy policy as the transition is made to more environmentally friendly energy sources .	The response will "  go on as long as it takes , " Thad Allen says Allen says we need to better understand what 's happening on the sea floor Whether BP re-enters the reservoir would be a policy decision , he says
CNN  -- Those who knew Canadian folk musician Taylor Mitchell say her passion for her craft was matched by her affinity for nature . Fresh out of high school , she embarked upon a three-week tour of Eastern Canada earlier this month full of hope over her blossoming career and excited to explore the region with a new car and driver 's license . The 19-year-old rising star was in between gigs when , according to a Nova Scotia Cape Breton Highlands National Park official , she was killed by coyotes during a hike on Tuesday afternoon . "  If there can be any comfort at all , it is knowing that Taylor was doing two of the things she loved most , sharing story and song on the road and spending time in nature 's fold , " her manager , Lisa Weitz said in an e-mail . "  She loved the woods and had a deep affinity for their beauty and serenity . " Mitchell was a "  seasoned naturalist " well versed in wilderness camping who would n't want the coyotes responsible for her death to be killed , her mother said Thursday . "  When the decision had been made to kill the pack of coyotes , I clearly heard Taylor 's voice say , ` please do n't , this is their space . ' She would n't have wanted their demise , especially as a result of her own . She was passionate about animals , was an environmentalist and was also planning to volunteer at the Toronto Wildlife Centre in the coming months , " Emily Mitchell said in a statement Thursday . "  Tragically , it was her time to be taken from us so soon , " the mother said . When she was 15 , Mitchell began vocal lessons with her future producer , Michael Johnston . "  Taylor inspired and impressed everyone from her musical peers to members of the Canadian roots-music community who were two and three times her age , " he said in a statement . "  They saw in her the rarest of the gifts -- an ability to sing not only from the heart , but in a way that transcended her age and experience and became something universal . " The Toronto-based musician 's career began to take off earlier this year after the April release of her debut album , "  For Your Consideration . " She was nominated for Young Performer of the Year honors by the Canadian Folk Music Awards , which will be awarded in November . On her Facebook page , she detailed her busy summer performance schedule , describing it as her "  craziest summer yet . " In July , she said she took a Greyhound bus to perform in the Young Performers Program at the Winnipeg Folk Festival , her first show west of Ontario , which featured acts including Arlo Guthrie , Neko Case and Elvis Costello . She played more shows in the Toronto area , relishing the airplay her album was receiving , and worked on songs for her next album , Weitz said . Yet she managed to return to nature with her aunt , mother and best friend at the family cottage in Owen Sound , Ontario , delighting in its simple joys . "  Our cottage is on the shores of Georgian bay . It 's 125 years old with three bedrooms that sleep two and one bedroom that sleeps four , plus a bunkhouse . It 's old and creaky and absolutely beautiful . As I sit on my couch in my apartment , I 'm homesick for the precariously slanted stairs , tennis courts , lake and wonderful memories , " Mitchell said on her Facebook page . Before she set out eastward for her tour of the Maritimes , she shared her works in progress at the Ontario Council of Folk Music conference in Ottawa , impressing all those in attendance , Weitz said . "  Taylor Mitchell 's vocal style and consummate songwriting craft belied her vernal years . Indeed , her songs told the tales of a seeker , a sojourner with a sage wisdom atypical of most , let alone one of such tender years , " Weitz said . On her Facebook page , she had begun counting down the days to her East Coast tour in September , saying in a September 18 status update that she was "  feeling the pull of the road . " In her last post on the site , she described playing a show in someone 's home , calling it "  a welcome dose of normality after a whirlwind weekend " at the Ontario Council of Folk Music . Those closest to her said they 'll derive inspiration from her passion for life . "  Taylor was my shining light , my baby , my confidante and best friend , " her mother said . "  I do n't know how to move forward from here but I know that she would want that for me , and I will try to do that in her memory and celebrate her life in the way she lived it -- with passion , commitment and an unbridled loving heart . "	Taylor Mitchell was a "  seasoned naturalist " versed in wilderness camping , mother says She would n't want coyotes responsible for her death to be killed , Emily Mitchell says Mitchell earned respect of folk music community for talent that belied her age , producer says The Toronto-based musician was touring Eastern Canada when she died in coyote attack
CNN  -- A global commodities trading company says it is considering a settlement to legal claims that it is responsible for the deaths of 15 people and thousands of illnesses after 500 tons of toxic waste were dumped in the African nation of Ivory Coast . Signs such as this were still up in "  toxic zones " around Abidjan , Ivory Coast , a year after the waste dumping . The Dutch company Trafigura said studies by 20 experts it has hired conclude that the chemicals did not harm anyone . "  In view of that expert evidence , and the fact that claims are not being made in this litigation for deaths , miscarriages , still births , birth defects and other serious injuries , the parties are exploring the possibility of compromising the claims which have been made , " Trafigura said in a release Wednesday . "  A global settlement is being considered by the parties and it currently appears that this settlement is likely to be acceptable to most , if not all , of the claimants . " A United Nations report also released Wednesday said Trafigura did cause death and injury when the cargo ship Probo Koala dumped 500 tons of toxic waste belonging to the company at sites around Abidjan , the West African nation 's largest city . The incident happened in August 2006 . "  According to official estimates , 15 people died , 69 people were hospitalized and over 100,000 others , complaining of nausea and vomiting after inhaling fumes , sought medical treatment after the incident , " said the report by Okechukwu Ibeanu , an unpaid investigator for the Geneva-based U.N. Human Rights Council . "  We still do n't know -- and we may never know -- the full effect of the dumping . But there seems to be strong prima facie evidence that the reported deaths and adverse health consequences are related to the dumping of the waste . " Ibeanu , who visited Ivory Coast and the Netherlands during his investigation , urged all parties to take steps "  to address possible long-term human health and environmental effects of the incident . " According to a U.N. statement , Ibeanu said last month that the areas where the toxic waste was dumped still have not been decontaminated and continue to threaten residents ' health . Many people , he said , are still reporting headaches , skin lesions , digestive difficulties and nose , throat and lung problems . Trafigura noted in its release Wednesday that it initiated a plan two years ago that would compensate , without any admission of liability , any claimants who could demonstrate any injury caused by exposure to the waste , which the company calls "  slops . " "  The company has always maintained that the Probo Koala 's slops could not possibly have caused deaths and serious or long-term injuries , " Trafigura said . "  Independent expert witnesses firmly support Trafigura in this stance . " Trafigura also maintains it "  sought to comply with all relevant regulations and procedures concerning the offloading of the Probo Koala 's slops in Abidjan . " The company denies that the ship went to Ivory Coast solely to dump the toxic waste . "  Trafigura has consistently stated that the Probo Koala was returning from a routine commercial voyage to deliver a gasoline cargo in Lagos , Nigeria , when it stopped in Abidjan , " the company statement said . "  Consequently , any suggestion that the vessel was sent to West Africa solely for the purpose of offloading its slops is entirely inaccurate . " As one of the largest independent companies trading commodities , Trafigura has 1,900 employees in 42 nations , the company 's Web site says . "  We handle every element involved in the sourcing and trading of crude oil , petroleum products , renewable energies , metals , metal ores and concentrates for industrial consumers . " the company says . Ivory Coast , a former French colony with a population of 20 million , is also known as Cote d'Ivoire .	Dutch firm Trafigura : Toxic dumping did n't harm anyone , according to experts U.N. report : Fifteen people died , 69 were hospitalized , and thousands were treated Toxic waste areas still have not been decontaminated , U.N. statement says
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Somali government forces launched an offensive on Islamist strongholds in Mogadishu Thursday morning , killing 15 members of the al Qaeda-inspired group Al-Shabaab , a military commander said . Speaking to state radio , Col. Abdullahi Ali Anod , commander of the presidential palace , said the president ordered the offensive in northern Mogadishu . Fighting has intensified this summer as Somali government forces -- backed by troops from the African Union -- have battled insurgents from the militant Al-Shabaab . The fighting comes also as Somalia is battling its worst drought in 60 years and tens of thousands of famine-stricken people are walking for days into both Kenya and Ethiopia in search of food and water . David Orr , a spokesman for the United Nations ' World Food Programme , said the fighting has not interrupted his organization 's efforts to get aid into the area . Also Wednesday , a police officer was killed and four others were injured when a bomb exploded on Kenya 's border area with Somalia , Kenyan authorities said . Authorities blamed the attack on Al-Shabaab . "  Al-Shabaab militia have been a problem for us at our border because it 's porous but our surveillance is high , " said Michael Mbaluku , the area deputy police chief . CNN 's David McKenzie and journalists Mohamed Amiin Adow and Lillian Leposo contributed to this report .	The president ordered the offensive , an official says The fighting comes as Somalia is in the midst of famine A police officer was killed in a bomb attack on the Kenyan border
It was a bloody Father 's Day weekend in Chicago , but police said murder and shooting rates are significantly below those at the same time last year . Seven people were shot to death and there were 26 "  shooting incidents " from Friday to Sunday , according to Chicago Police Department spokesman Adam Collins . But to put it into perspective , Collins said , eight more people were shot on the same weekend last year . He said overall crime in Chicago is down 14 % , the lowest since 1963 . Opinion : Chicago 's violence took my dad , friends Chicago Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy issued a statement regarding the weekend 's violence , saying that "  while we 've had fewer murders to date this year than any year since the mid-1960s , there 's more work to be done and whether it 's police , clergy , community organizations , parents or residents , we all have a role to play in continuing to reduce violence and no one will rest until everyone in Chicago enjoys the same sense of safety . " The city ended 2012 with a marked increase in homicides , with 506 people killed that year , up from 433 in 2011 . Forty-three people were killed in January 2013 alone . Hadiya Pendleton , 15 , was one of those January victims . The teenager had just performed at one of the events surrounding President Barack Obama 's inauguration in Washington when she was shot dead in a park a mile from his Chicago home . First lady Michelle Obama attended Pendleton 's funeral , and her story became part of the national gun-control debate . Two men have been charged in Pendleton 's death . In a February speech about gun violence , President Obama said that poverty and violence are connected and that parents and communities must work to provide hope for young people . Study : Gun homicides , violence down sharply in past 20 years "  In too many neighborhoods today , whether here in Chicago or the farthest reaches of rural America , it can feel like , for a lot of young people , the future only extends to the next street corner or the outskirts of town , " he said at a Chicago high school . "  This is not just a gun issue , " he continued . "  It 's also an issue of the kinds of communities that we 're building , and for that we all share responsibility as citizens to fix it . " The March shooting death of a 6-month-old baby also captured national headlines . Jonylah Watkins was killed while her father , Jonathan , was changing her diaper in a minivan , police said . A man has been charged in the shooting , which prosecutors say stemmed from the theft of a video game . Chicago 's police department has been implementing a new plan to fight crime , and "  we 've come up with what I think is a groundbreaking way to do it , " McCarthy told CNN . Nurses dodge bullets to provide care The plan centers around drug operations , a new gang database system and more beat cops on the street . "  The same cops on the same street every day , and they know the kids who are coming from basketball practice and the kids that are standing on the street corner , " McCarthy said . But the city has used more than 75 % of its overtime budget , and despite the success , not everyone agrees this is the best way forward . Opinion : Treat Chicago gangs as terrorists U.S. Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois announced a plan last month to arrest thousands of gang members -- a plan that was called a "  white boy solution " by U.S. Rep. Bobby Rush of Chicago . Rush favors community development programs over heavy-handed justice . "  Both are necessary , not either-or , and the notion that its one or the other is wrong , " said Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanueal . 2 charged in Chicago teenage girl 's killing plead not guilty Emanuel helped develop the overall crime strategy , which , along with the policing changes , includes pushing parents to step up , prevention programs and justice . He says despite the success there are still some serious issues that need to be tackled . "  We still have a challenge where people know someone has committed a crime and are not reporting it , " he said . "  The community has to be part of the solution to have it long term not momentary , to have it really ingrained to make a community safe . " Man charged with killing 6-month-old Chicago girl	Seven people were shot to death over the weekend in Chicago City police point out there were more than twice as many a year ago The department has been implementing a new plan to fight crime Despite the success , more work needs to be done , officials say
CNN  -- It was n't the sight of tortured bodies that scared "  Chuy . " It was what was written on the sign that was left next to them . "  This will happen to all the Internet snitches . " It was signed by Los Zetas . The banner was placed next to the two victims , a woman and man , both in their 20s , both gruesomely killed . The woman was disemboweled , left with her intestines protruding from her belly . They were found in September 2011 , hanging from a bridge in Nuevo Laredo , Mexico , robbed of any future dignity . About three hours away in Reynosa , Chuy 's stomach grumbled when he saw the banner on the Internet . "  Those people hanging from the bridge could have been me , " he thought . Mexico : A deadly beat For the past two years , Chuy has taken to Twitter to act as a tipster to cartel activity in his town . When local and state authorities tried to downplay news about the cartels operating in the northern Mexican state of Tamaulipas  at one point the government attributed the tension to the "  psychosis of the residents "  Chuy was one of the first people on social media to tip the world about what was really happening . His news of "  narco blockades " and gun fights throughout Reynosa in late February 2010 was among the first news people received about the fresh war that erupted between Los Zetas and the Gulf cartel . He has become such a trustworthy source of information that the social media savvy residents of Reynosa head to his account to find what places to avoid before leaving their homes . Others trapped in the street after gunfights look to him to offer alternate ways to get home . His account has become both a tool of information and survival . He asked CNN not to use his name to protect his identity . "  During an attack , the network goes beyond Twitter . People on the street send me an SMS alert , a radio alert or a phone call to let me know what 's going on , " Chuy says of his role of protecting Reynosa 's innocent . "  We continue to report after the attack to cover the information gap by the local press . "  Thanks to Twitter we have documentation , with video , audio and images , of violent events , " he says . "  It 's a registration -LSB- countering the -RSB- opacity and denial of local and state government . "  Many people have trusted me and I appreciate it , " he says . "  It 's very rewarding and a great responsibility that motivates me to make sure I use Twitter properly ... as a tool of social utility . " Chuy is well aware of his responsibility . The short description on his Twitter account makes that clear , "  A society -LSB- that is -RSB- selfish , apathetic , indifferent has no moral authority , it is more comfortable complaining , blaming , criticizing than participating -LSB- to -RSB- contribute , -LSB- to -RSB- build ... " Inspired in part by the "  Green Revolution " in Iran , Mexican citizens became increasingly active on the social media site in 2010 as a way to combat the drug violence infesting their cities . Lacking confidence in their local authorities , they took Twitter to "  spread truth , " denounce cartels and warn each other of shootouts . On YouTube , a video titled "  Cartel De Twitter " gives guidance on how to create anonymous Twitter accounts so users can announce where cartels are operating . It gives examples of how to circulate information to a wider audience by using hashtags and how to direct tweets to legitimate journalists on Twitter . In some cities of Mexico -- especially in the northern part of the country -- cartels have used violence and intimidation to control swaths of land and smuggling routes in their unquenchable quest for money and power . Their assault on Mexican bloggers seemingly takes aim at controlling cyberspace as well . For many within the blogging community the development comes as no surprise . Some were even anticipating it . Chuy was n't always so plugged in . Before the cartels used his town as their battlefield , he spent the majority of his days at work . Born into a family of traders in Mexico City , he moved to Reynosa a few years ago to follow his passion and open up his own store . He would use the Internet sparingly , most of the time to play games or stay in touch with friends back home in the capital . He has always been low key , passing the time at weekend carne asadas with friends or going to the movies . Life is radically different now . "  I avoid the street at night , " he says of the unofficial curfew local residents adhere to in Reynosa . He speaks in a hushed tone , choosing his words carefully before delivering them . His voice is delicate , but soaked in concern . "  If you go to a party , you sleep there . If not , you might suffer an attack by armed civilians if you come across the wrong people on your way home . " In Reynosa , the bad guys are n't always so easily recognizable . Chuy says most residents are suspicious of the public security forces . "  They will , under any pretext , extort you , " he says of the authorities . About a year ago the hashtags frequented by Chuy were saturated with tweets about his confrontation with the local police . His friends messaged the media , asking for news outlets to cover the assault . They cited it as a microcosm for what everyday residents go through . When asked by CNN what happened , Chuy downplayed the incident , saying instead it 's what to be expected "  in the environment of corruption and war . " "  They roughed me up outside of my store ... The police are the more visible arm of the local cartel , " he says , as if asked to state the obvious . "  Everyone knows that . " When asked about the specific allegations of corruption , CNN was referred by local authorities to the Tamaulipas Attorney General 's Office . After repeated requests for an interview , CNN did not receive a response . In past interviews conducted by CNN with attorney general 's spokesman Ruben Dario Rios , similar allegations of abuse among local and state officials were denied . Chuy says the incident with the police was the only "  direct threat " he 's received . But in a part of the world where talking about threats is enough to get you killed , it 's no surprise he is shy when the subject comes up . "  I think there is a real risk -LSB- to my life -RSB- " , he says . "  Sometimes you get that feeling , so you have to maintain a low profile . In Reynosa , one slip-up can cost a lot . It 's not a place where people feel comfortable asking the police for help staying safe , " he says . As for those who are trying to keep people like him silent , Chuy addresses it with indignation . His defiance is clear with every tweet he sends . "  They try to silence the voice of citizens with their organization through fear , terror , " he says . "  Obviously what we do affects the interests of the cartel and local government . But the citizens have found a way to organize and protect each other on Twitter . The police and authorities ... they do n't care . So you find a way take care of them . "	Some local news outlets downplay Mexico cartel violence But social media has helped fill that information void One resident : "  Citizens have found a way to organize and protect each other on Twitter "
By all accounts , suspected Santa Monica shooter John Zawahri was ready to inflict maximum harm . He had multiple firearms and about 1,300 rounds of ammunition . Also , apparently , he had the capacity to kill . Police say he killed his father and brother , along with three others , during a Friday afternoon rampage in Santa Monica , California . But by some strokes of good luck , or because of quick thinking , Zawahri was not able to kill more . "  As soon as I looked him straight in the eye , I saw what he was going to do , " said Deborah Fine . She told CNN she saw the gunman pull over another woman and hold a rifle to her head . "  I thought to myself , ` What are you doing ? Why are you pointing this gun at her ? ' And so I put on my accelerator , I hit the gas , and I got in between the two of them , " she said . How to help the family The bold move quickly turned the gunman 's attention to Fine . "  I 'll never forget his eyes . They were just so intense and so cold , " she said . "  I was somebody in the way , and I was somebody to get out of the way . And that 's when he raised his rifle . " Bullets struck Fine three to four times across her body . She balks at the idea that anybody might call her a hero . "  It really was just an anger that came over me that he would n't leave her alone , and she was young , " said Fine , a mother of twins . "  I get angry and take on the bully , " she said . "  I 'm glad I did what I did , but thank God , I 'm alive . " Source : Santa Monica gunman previously hospitalized for mental health ` He let me go ' Laura Sisk was the woman Fine saw get pulled over . "  He just appeared in the middle of the road , " Sisk told CNN 's AC360 Monday night . He screamed at her to get out of the car and to pick up a heavy bag of his off the ground and put it in her car . "  I suggested he take my car and go . He did n't like that idea and said that I was going to drive him and made me get in . And then he got in after shooting a little bit more , " Sisk said . During the drive , he gave her directions -- go right , go left , go straight . At an intersection , he opened fire on a bus . Sisk said she was shaking hysterically . The gunman kept telling her to calm down . "  I just kept saying do n't hurt me , I have children , do n't hurt me , " she said . "  He let me go ... I do n't know why . I do n't know if it was because I had said I had children and he bonded with me on that , I do n't know . " iReporter : There was a body on the corner Spree leaves five dead Police say the spate of violence that left this beachfront city reeling on Friday involved as many as six incidents over 13 minutes . It started at the Zawahri family house on Yorkshire Avenue shortly before noon and ended a mile away in the college library where students were studying for finals . Officers were dispatched to the house to respond to reports of shots fired . There , they found the 1,000-square-foot home in flames . Inside , firefighters would later find two bodies in a back room -- those of Zawahri 's father , Samir , and his brother Chris . Both had been shot . Outside the house , police came across Fine . She had interrupted the gunman 's carjacking , but his rampage was just beginning . He got into the vehicle and forced Sisk to drive the short distance to Santa Monica College , which Zawahri attended as recently as 2010 . Timeline : School violence in the U.S. . During their ride , 911 calls poured in , keeping police on the gunman 's path . As the car headed toward the campus of the community college , where 30,000 students are registered , he opened fire on a passing bus , slightly wounding three people . He then got out and shot into a red Ford Explorer , carrying 26-year-old Marcela Franco and her father , 68-year-old Carlos Navarro Franco . Carlos Franco worked as a groundskeeper at the college . They were on campus to get textbooks for Marcela . Both died . " ` Broken ' is not a strong enough word to describe us , " said relative Margret Quinonez Perez . ` Miraculous ' more people were n't hurt After shooting into the SUV , the gunman abandoned his hijacked vehicle . In a stroke of good luck for the driver , he left her unhurt . Dressed in black , the gunman then walked the campus , "  shooting as he went along , " Santa Monica Police Chief Jacqueline Seabrooks said . Outside the school library , he saw a woman and "  executed her , " the police chief said . Her death was the fifth of the rampage . Authorities identified her Monday as Margarita Gomez . She was a resident of Santa Monica but not a student at the college . Finally , the gunman walked into the library . "  He attempted to kill several library patrons who were hiding in a safe room . It 's miraculous that those individuals were not physically injured , " said Seabrooks . Mass shootings in the U.S. Inside , Priscilla Morales and her friends hid . "  I was so scared and thought literally I was going to die , " she said . By then , the gunman had returned to the main area of the library and was met by three police officers . "  Drop it ! " Morales said she heard police say . Then she heard gunshots and a man 's screams . Officers had shot and killed 23-year-old Zawahri . The suspected gunman 's mother released a short statement Monday night , asking for privacy . "  As may be assumed , I am in mourning for my family and for those who were also affected by this horrific tragedy over the past few days . I can not express my great sadness for the families who are also suffering at this terrible time , " Randa Abdou said in the statement obtained by CNN affiliate KABC . "  I do ask the media please give me time to grieve and to come to grips with the overwhelming sorrow that has befallen all of us . " Why does America lead the world in school shootings ?	Carjacking victim describes terrifying ordeal Mother of suspected shooter says she 's in mourning , asks for privacy Gunman had multiple firearms and about 1,300 rounds of ammunition Police say John Zawahri fatally shot his father , brother and three others
CNN  -- Real Madrid recovered from going a goal behind to beat rivals Atletico Madrid 3-2 on Sunday to return to the top of the Spanish Primera Liga ahead of Barcelona . But they did not have things their own way at the Bernabeu and went into the interval trailing after a flowing Atletico move saw the ball reach former Real striker Jose Antonio Reyes , who curled home a delightful shot to give the visitors the lead . But Real were a different side after the break and levelled in the 49th minute when Xabi Alonso netted from close range . And six minutes later , the home side were ahead when defender Alvaro Arbeloa -- who like Alonso moved to Madrid from Liverpool last pre-season -- superbly cut inside his marker before stroking the ball home . Madrid made it 3-1 in the 62nd minute when top scorer Gonzalo Higuain took advantage of a defensive mix-up to fire home . However , the scoring was still not over and Alonso turned from hero to villain when handling the ball in the area , with Diego Forlan slotting home the resulting penalty . Forlan missed a golden chance to level in the final minute when firing into the side-netting , but Real Madrid held on to move ahead of Barcelona , who scraped a narrow 1-0 victory at Mallorca on Saturday , on goal difference . The victory was Real 's 11th in succession and continued their recent domination over their city rivals , with Atletico not winning a derby match since 1999 . In other matches , Sevilla 's recent poor run of form continued with a 3-0 defeat at Villarreal , for whom veteran Frenchman Robert Pires came off the substitutes ' bench to score a superb third goal . Struggling Xerez thumped Valladolid 3-0 in a battle of the bottom two clubs , while Deportivo La Coruna 's Champions League hopes took a knock after they slumped 3-1 at home to Getafe .	Real Madrid recover from going a goal behind to defeat rivals Atletico 3-2 The victory extends Real 's winning run in the Primera Liga to 11 matches The result sees Real return to the top of the Spanish table on goal difference
BLACKSBURG , Virginia  CNN  -- Erin Sheehan is one of the almost 28,000 students making the bittersweet return to the Virginia Tech campus for fall classes , a journey she was afforded only because of some quick thinking in April . Students return to the Virginia Tech campus Monday for the first day of fall classes . When Seung-Hui Cho stormed into Sheehan 's German class that horrifying Monday morning -- firing off indiscriminate rounds of gunfire that killed the German teacher and four of Sheehan 's classmates -- Sheehan hit the deck and played dead . "  He went around the room shooting everyone , " she said . Cho 's April 16 rampage through Norris Hall left 29 students and faculty dead . The mentally disturbed Cho also killed two others and himself in the mass shooting , the worst in modern U.S. history . Though she is heading back to class , Sheehan is admittedly still shaken . Four months after the tragedy , Sheehan is haunted by memories of the massacre , and she still jumps when she hears a loud noise in her Virginia Tech dorm room . Regardless , she is prepared to move on . "  When classes started again in the spring I did n't come back , " Sheehan said . "  It was just too hard to do then , but now I 'm ready . " The campus was buzzing over the weekend . Parents and students crowded the sidewalks , toting boxes and furniture into the dorms , including West Ambler Johnston , where the first two victims were killed . Norris Hall , meanwhile , has been refurbished and will no longer host classes . Virginia Tech has discreetly beefed up security since the tragedy . Locks that operate from the inside have been placed on classroom doors . Dormitory entrances are secured 24 hours a day . Students can sign up for emergency text messages from the university . Despite the precautions , not everything has gone as smoothly as planned . On the eve of the students ' return to classes , 23 people fell ill from a carbon monoxide leak in an apartment building near campus . Five Virginia Tech students were hospitalized , police and hospital officials said . Blacksburg Police said a valve on a water heater that was malfunctioning is believed to be the cause of the incident . Police said the valve was stuck in the open position , causing a constant burn-off of fuel and creating carbon monoxide that was not ventilating . Kirsten Halik and Kristin Julia , both 19 , were upgraded from critical to serious condition Monday and Elizabeth Burgin , Carolyn Dorman , and Nichole Howarth , all 19 -- are conscious and alert , according to hospital officials . Burgin , Dorman , and Howarth were upgraded from serious to good condition , hospital officials said , after they received treatment in a hyperbaric chamber on Sunday and Monday . The chamber pushes pressurized oxygen into the tissues and blood . Meanwhile , the university dedicated a permanent memorial to the victims and their families -- a semicircle of 32 engraved stones bearing each victim 's name . One student said she wanted to attend the ceremony until she woke up at the Collegiate Suites apartment building feeling nauseous , The Washington Post reported . Spirits are high , however , said professor Nikki Giovanni , and students and faculty are ready to move past the tragedy . Watch Giovanni applaud the university 's new security measures " "  The Hokies ' spirit is alive and well . I think that we 're very excited that classes are starting -- that we 're moving into a new year , " she said . Perhaps indicative of that resilience is the size of the incoming freshman class . According to a university news release , the university accepted deposits from 5,215 freshmen this year . That is more than its enrollment target of 5,000 and about 30 more deposits than the university received from incoming freshmen last year , the news release said . "  Virginia Tech took a big hit , but I think that we have embraced each other . We have been embraced on this planet , " Giovanni said , explaining that the Virginia Tech community has received greetings "  from every country on Earth and it 's been a wonderful thing . " Students concur they are ready for the new school year . Playing Frisbee with friends at a drill field near the newly christened memorial , Aaron Friedman said the summer break was a welcome reprieve , but he was ready to return to Blacksburg . "  It was good to get away . Being back with everybody at home really helped , " Friedman said . Fellow sophomore Mike Giancola said he , too , is ready to move on , even if he is still disturbed by memories of the shootings . "  I still think about it every day , but I 'm ready to get my life going . " Sheehan echoes the sentiment of Giovanni and her fellow students but noted that she made some changes in her life , and she still battles post-traumatic stress symptoms every day . "  Even being in my new dorm , when I hear a loud noise or something unexpected , I 'll peer out through the little hole in my door to make sure everything is OK , " she said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Reggie Aqui , Brianna Keilar , and Gary Nurenberg contributed to this report .	Student says she avoided being shot during massacre by playing dead No classes will be held in Norris Hall , where 29 of the victims were killed Professor : "  I think that we 're very excited that classes are starting " Carbon monoxide leak leaves 23 sick but some students getting better
CNN  -- Most people need encouragement to remove their clothing . For Justin Bieber , boos from the crowd will do just fine . The 20-year-old singer stripped down to his skivvies at 2014 's "  Fashion Rocks " event on Tuesday night in Brooklyn , where he was greeted with a negative reaction from some in the New York audience . As Bieber took the stage with model Lara Stone to introduce singer Rita Ora , there were some noticeable jeers mixed in with cheers . The singer seemed unfazed by those who were n't pleased with his appearance at the show , turning to Stone and telling her that he does n't "  feel comfortable unless I 'm in my Calvins . " "  Calvins " as in his Calvin Klein underwear , which he proudly showed off to the increasingly enthusiastic crowd . "  Grandma always said kill 'em with kindness , " Bieber tweeted . "  And then strip on live national tv . Lol . " According to Bieber 's Instagram , his striptease was impromptu . "  Just stripped on national television hahahaha it was n't planned lmao , " he shared with his fans . If nothing else , it seems Stone approved . "  Thanks for that @JustinBieber , " the Dutch model posted to her own Instagram account .	Justin Bieber stripped on stage at "  Fashion Rocks " The singer said he 'd feel more comfortable in his "  Calvins " He later said the strip show was an impromptu moment
CNN  -- Her story reads like the plot of a Hollywood movie : the little filly considered too small to race is now widely hailed as the best thoroughbred Germany has ever produced . Danedream may not have the celebrity status of Australia 's Black Caviar or the awe-inspiring invincibility of England 's Frankel , but here , in the land of her birth , they could not be prouder of German racing 's most famous daughter . Danedream first came to the world 's attention when she captured last year 's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe , Europe 's most prestigious race , beating a strong international field -- and the course record -- in the process . She followed it up with an impressive victory in the King George at Ascot this year -- beating Nathaniel by a nose to become the first filly and the first German-trained horse to win Europe 's two most important all-age races . And her latest triumph came in her native Germany , winning the Longines Grosser Preis von Baden by half a length Sunday against some of the best three-year-old colts in the country . But just two years ago , few believed that the delicate filly would one day be a champion . As racing fairy tales go , Danedream 's story has more than a few similarities with the story of Seabiscuit , the unlikely hero of American flat racing during the 1930s . Impeccable bloodline Although she boasts impeccable bloodlines  her sire Lomitas is a former German Horse of the Year and one of the most prominent stallions in Germany ; her mother , Danedrop , though unraced , carries the blood of great sire Danehill in her veins  , Danedream was backward as a yearling and eventually consigned by her breeders , Gestut Brummerhof , as a two-year-old . Her appearance in the sales ring at Baden-Baden in the spring of 2010 failed to whet buyers ' appetites and she was eventually sold for just 9,000 euros to a former furniture retailer named Heiko Volz . "  It was the best deal of my life and probably the best deal in the racing business , " a delighted Volz told CNN . Sent to trainer Peter Schiergen 's yard in Cologne for training , her two-year-old season was solid if not electrifying , belying few hints of her true ability . It was when , as a three-year-old , Schiergen stepped her up in trip to 2,300 m that she first demonstrated her class , running third to the colts in the Italian Derby . But it was on her return to Germany that Danedream firmly buried her detractors once and for all , winning the Grosser Preis von Berlin by five lengths and the Grosser Preis von Baden by seven lengths . Arc triumph If the secret was out in German racing circles , few outside of Germany knew about the little bay filly with the incredible lengthening stride . Which brings us back to that day in Paris in 2011 . By now part-owned by Japanese owner-breeder Terry Yoshida , she was supplemented as a last-minute entry to the 2001 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe . "  We had to pay 100,000 euros to get her in , " said her trainer . "  The owners said they wanted to have a horse run in the Arc for once in their lives . They would have been happy with a good result or a place in the top four horses . Nobody thought she would win . " It was a view shared by the bookmakers as she was sent off as a 20/1 outsider . But while all eyes were on the giant Australian favorite So You Think , or perhaps on one of the Aga Khan 's stash of smart fillies such as Sarafina , Danedream slowly but surely moved through the field , taking over the lead from St Nicholas Abbey in the final furlong and eventually winning easily by five lengths . Her winning time of 2:24:49 broke the course record held since 1997 . "  She took off in the straight and destroyed the colts . It was amazing , " says Schiergen . Training Danedream has a special significance for him : a former champion jockey , Schiergen rode her sire Lomitas to victory in the Grosser Preis von Baden in 1991 . Amazing horse "  The biggest feeling for me was Lomitas . He was my first Group 1 winner and he was an amazing horse . But as a trainer I have to say that Danedream is the best horse I 've trained in my time . " While Schiergen has masterminded Danedream 's career from the ground , her jockey , Andrasch Starke , is heavily involved in Danedream 's preparations , riding the filly out most days . "  She 's very easy , anybody could ride her , " he says modestly . She is known for her economical approach to training : "  She just does what she has to . She does n't give you the feeling that she 's a Group 1 horse in the work but when the starting gates open she 's a different horse . " Thanks to his association with Danedream , Starke 's trophy cabinet contains such silverware as few German jockeys have ever dreamed of , including the Arc and the King George , which was presented to him by British monarch Queen Elizabeth II . "  I think one of these horses comes along maybe every fifty years , " he acknowledges . "  She 's a horse of a lifetime for me . " On the eve of her defense of her Grosser Preis von Baden title the "  Danedream effect " was very much in evidence in Baden-Baden . Baden Baden besieged Nestled in the foothills of the Black Forest , the sedate spa town has been besieged by the international racing set . Friday 's yearling sales drew an unprecedented level of international interest , with trainers and bloodstock agents from countries including the UK , France , the USA and Hong Kong , all hoping to snap up the next Danedream . Indeed , Danedream has become something of an unofficial ambassador for German racing . So it is with interest that a nation expectantly awaits her next move . With the end of her career now closer than the beginning , Schiergen has mapped out her few remaining appearances with precision : after Baden , she will head to Longchamp where she will attempt to become the first filly since Corrida in 1937 to defend the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe , followed by a tilt at the Japan Cup in November , where she will likely remain and be retired to stud . For Schiergen , who has been so closely associated with this dynasty , it is a bitter sweet ending . "  It 's sad that she wo n't stay in Germany . She has done so much for German racing . Even if you do n't know racing , you 've heard of Danedream . But they have good stallions in Japan , such as Deep Impact . Maybe they 'll send me a nice yearling to train . I hope so . "	Danedream rated one of the best fillies of all time German racing 's most famous daughter has string of big race wins Preparing to bow out with second Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe triumph Danedream 's early performances on the course uninspired
CNN  -- Matthew McConaughey is having one hell of a year . From almost stealing "  The Wolf of Wall Street " despite being on the screen for only a few moments , to the critical acclaim and awards he 's racking up for his turn in "  Dallas Buyers Club , " and did we mention a little thing called his hit HBO TV series "  True Detective ? " The kid 's definitely alright , alright , alright . The handsome actor has evolved from goofy schtick in films like "  Dazed and Confused " to romantic leading man in movies like "  The Wedding Planner " to darker roles such as "  Killer Joe " where he plays a police officer who moonlights as a hit man . But it 's his turn as Ron Woodroof , an HIV positive man who smuggles drugs to AIDS patients , that has already won McConaughey a Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award , and placed him on the road to gold at Sunday 's 86th Academy Awards . Oscars 2014 : The nominees ' list The actor committed completely to the role , dropping more than 40 pounds and becoming nearly-skeletal . But it was the intensity of his performance that has several Hollywood pundits predicting him for a best actor Oscar win . McConaughey told GQ magazine he 's enjoying this time in his life . "  I 'm feeling very fulfilled , " he said . "  I 'm in the clay in my career . " And his personal life , he added . In 2012 he married longtime girlfriend , model Camilla Alves with whom he has three children . He has frequently praised her for her support . "  We 're a team , " he recently told Variety in an interview . " I know it 's not easy on her , though she does it with aplomb . " Alves supported him , he said , when he decided to take a break from acting to focus on their family . When he came back it was to take smaller roles that he was passionate about . During a recent appearance on "  Inside the Actor 's Studio , " McConaughey said the time made him realize he wanted to "  make some movies that I would pick out , that I would see . " It seems to have worked out well .	Matthew McConaughey is having a moment thanks to "  Dallas Buyers Club " He 's up for the best actor Oscar His career has evolved from playing a stoner to dark roles
CNN  -- California 's parole board Tuesday refused to release onetime Manson family acolyte Leslie Van Houten , finding the 60-year-old remains dangerous more than four decades after the group 's Southern California murder spree . The board found that Van Houten "  still poses a risk to society , " spokesman Luis Patino said . The decision marks the 19th time that she has been denied parole , and she wo n't be eligible again until 2013 , Patino said . Los Angeles Deputy District Attorney Patrick Sequeira praised the decision . "  The crime itself was absolutely horrendous -- the brutal slaughter of two individuals in their home , in a cruel and very horrifying manner , " said Sequeira . "  It is our position that she never really has fully accepted responsibility for her crimes . " Known as "  Lulu " while one of notorious spree killer Charles Manson 's followers , Van Houten helped hold down Rosemary LaBianca while other Manson family members stabbed her and her husband , Leno LaBianca in 1969 . She was 19 at the time . She has been imprisoned at the California Institution for Women at Frontera for more than three decades , following her final conviction on first-degree murder charges in 1978 and a sentence of life in prison . Prison spokesman Lt. Robert Patterson told CNN in 2009 that Van Houten is a model inmate involved in prison programs and a mentor to other inmates in the facility 's college program . And lawyer Brandie Devall , who has been representing Van Houten for just under a year , said Tuesday before the hearing that the "  fact that Leslie has had good reports since 1978 " should help persuade the parole board to release her . Van Houten , Manson , Pat Krenwinkel and Susan Atkins were found guilty of murder and conspiracy to commit murder and sentenced to death in 1971 . Their sentences were commuted to life in prison after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down death penalty laws in 1972 and established a four-year moratorium on executions . Van Houten 's original conviction was overturned in 1976 on grounds that a judge erred in not granting a mistrial after her attorney , Ronald Hughes , disappeared and later was found dead . The jury deadlocked in her first retrial , and she was released on bond for a few months . But in her third trial , in 1978 , she was convicted of first-degree murder . Ahead of Tuesday 's parole board hearing , Devall said she was "  excited " about the appearance . She planned to bolster her argument with rulings in two cases from the California Supreme Court since Van Houten 's last parole hearing , in 2007 . Each case was recently upheld by federal courts . Devall said during Tuesday 's hearing , she planned to cite the case of Sandra Lawrence , a convicted murderer who was released in 2007 after more than 20 years in prison . The California Supreme Court decided that if an eligible parolee has spent enough time on rehabilitation and reform , the panel has the burden of proving that the inmate poses a current threat to public safety and should not base its decision on what happened decades earlier . In addition , Devall planned to use the case of Richard Shaputis , who was sentenced to 15 years to life following his 1987 conviction for second-degree murder -- and remains behind bars . Devall says in that case , the court found that parole boards should give significant consideration to psychologists ' reports regarding whether inmates have demonstrated acceptance of responsibility , insight and understanding of their crimes , as Van Houten has . Van Houten told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " in 2002 that she herself stabbed Rosemary LaBianca 16 times . "  The autopsy reports have shown that it was Tex -LSB- Charles "  Tex " Watson -RSB- that wielded the fatal wounds , but I contributed , and I attempted to hold her down for Pat , " she said . "  I called to Tex because we could n't kill her . You know , it 's -- morally , I feel as though I did . " And during a 1994 CNN appearance , Van Houten told King the Manson family 's lifestyle attracted her . "  I met these people . They said that they came from a commune in L.A. where they lived for the day and for the moment , and it was a lot of the -LSB- Timothy -RSB- Leary kind of philosophy of ` Be here now . ' " Van Houten called Manson "  an opportunist of the cruelest , most vicious kind , " but she was quick to emphasize that she accepts blame for her role in the crimes . CNN 's Ashley Hayes and Matt Cherry contributed to this report .	NEW : No parole for Manson acolyte Leslie Van Houten NEW : 60-year-old convict "  still poses a risk to society , " board rules Van Houten was convicted of first-degree murder for 1969 slaying of Rosemary LaBianca Van Houten has been continuously imprisoned since 1978
CNN  -- The 30th anniversary of "  The Ghostbusters " just became sweeter . In honor of the movie 's landmark anniversary this past June , Legacy Recordings is releasing a limited edition vinyl of Ray Parker Jr. 's theme song that comes wrapped in a marshmallow-scented jacket . Yes , you might still have the "  Ghostbusters " soundtrack on a cassette somewhere , but does it smell like marshmallows ? That 's the important question . Obviously , the sugar-scented product is to jog your visual memory of the adorable-but-terrifying Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man . For those who ca n't resist the call of a collectible 's item that smells like candy , they 'll also get Run-DMC 's "  Ghostbusters " rap on the 12 " single . With a new , rebooted "  Ghostbusters " movie on the way , it 'll be interesting to see whether either of those classic tracks makes it in to writer/director Paul Feig 's new film . New ` Ghostbusters ' to star women The "  Bridesmaids " helmer announced last week that he was working on a third "  Ghostbusters " installment that would include some "  hilarious women , " and confirmed that the project wo n't be a sequel . "  My favorite thing to do is work with funny women . I was like , what if it was an all-female cast ? If they were all women ? Suddenly , my mind kind of exploded : that would be really fun , " Feig told Entertainment Weekly after his announcement . "  And then I thought , well , what if we just make it new ? It 's not coming into the world that existed before . ... I wanted to come into our world where there 's talk of ghosts but they 're not really credible , and so what would happen in our world if this happened today ? "	A limited edition vinyl of "  The Ghostbusters " theme will have a scented package The collectible 's item will smell like marshmallows , in honor of the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man The anniversary of "  Ghostbusters " comes alongside news of a new installment
The legislative panel investigating the George Washington Bridge scandal was unable to determine whether New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie knew about the lane closures ahead of time , but the panel will continue to push for more answers , the co-chairman of the panel told CNN . New Jersey State Assemblyman John Wisniewski , a Democrat , confirmed to CNN in a text message Thursday an earlier Wall Street Journal piece previewing the panel 's report resulting from its months-long investigation into the lane closures . CNN obtained a copy of the report Friday . According to the Wall Street Journal , which received a copy of the report , it declares there was "  no conclusive evidence " that Christie "  was or was not aware " of the lane closures on the George Washington Bridge before or while they were happening . It also states , however , that a "  former ally " made accusations that leave "  open the question of when the governor first learned of the closures and what he was told . " "  The report is not inconclusive , " Wisniewski said in the text message . "  It says , among other things , that because we have been unable to interview certain witnesses , it is not possible to determine whether the Governor did or did not know about the lane closures in advance . " Asked whether the panel would continue to pursue the investigation , Wisniewski said , "  We are not done by any means . " In a separate phone exchange with CNN 's Chris Frates , Wisniewski said the report will bring some new facts to light "  that will certainly raise additional questions . " The panel is waiting , he said , for the U.S. Attorney , who is doing his own investigation , to give members the go-ahead to interview several key players . The lane closures in September of last year snarled traffic in Fort Lee , N.J. , in an act the report suggests was meant as political retribution against the town 's Democratic mayor . Two central figures in the lane closures were not accessible to legislative investigators : David Wildstein , Christie 's appointee at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who orchestrated the closures , and Christie 's former deputy chief of staff , Bridget Kelly , who wrote an email declaring it was "  Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee . " Wisniewski told Frates that the report is a chronology of everything the committee has learned starting with Kelly 's now infamous email , but larger questions remain over the motive of the closures . An internal investigation ordered by Christie earlier this year absolved him of responsibility as well , and many of his supporters have decried the legislative inquiry as a political witch hunt aimed at him by Democrats looking to damage him before his expected 2016 presidential run . Randy Mastro , the lead attorney for the internal investigation , argued the legislative committee 's work "  has simply corroborated " the administration 's probe . "  The Committee has finally acknowledged what we reported nine months ago -- namely , that there is not a shred of evidence Governor Christie knew anything about the GWB lane realignment beforehand or that any current member of his staff was involved in that decision , " Mastro said in a written statement . The scandal itself did indeed damage him within the GOP , raising questions among some major party donors and strategists over whether more could come of the scandal . He has , however , regained some of his stature because of his successful tenure as chairman of the Republican Governors Association , during which he raked in record-breaking fundraising hauls for the committee . A CNN/ORC poll out this week showed Christie in fourth place in the GOP field , taking 8 percent support and coming in behind former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , neurosurgeon Ben Carson and former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney , who took first .	An investigation into Christie 's knowledge of the bridge closures could not determine what he knew , when The Wall Street Journal obtained a copy of the panel 's report and previewed it Thursday A co-chairman of the panel said the investigators were unable to access certain witnesses The co-chairman said the investigation will continue
Fort Belvoir , Virginia  CNN  -- Charges against the Army officer who refused deployment to Afghanistan because he says President Barack Obama does n't have the authority to send him , should be thrown out says his attorney , Paul Jensen . Lt. Col. Terrence Lakin went before a military judge -- and a standing-room-only courtroom -- in Virginia on Friday to face three charges of disobeying a lawful order , one count of missing movement  not deploying with his unit  and one count of dereliction of duty . He did not enter a plea at the arraignment hearing , and Jensen asked to defer any plea until after the court could consider a motion to dismiss the case . Judge Denise Lind , an Army colonel who was wearing basic camouflage fatigues under her black robes , agreed to the request and gave Lakin 's attorneys until August 20 to file a motion to dismiss . Both the prosecution and the defense will then have until August 27 to formulate and send written responses to the motion . Hearings on the motion will follow on September 2 and September 14 . Future hearings in the case will be at Fort Meade , Maryland . If the charges are not dismissed , court martial proceedings will begin on October 13 . Lakin and his legal team -- Jensen , Jensen 's assistant and Lakin 's free-of-cost military attorney -- arrived 15 minutes late , then the lawyers went into a meeting with Lind . The colonel remained in the 34-seat courtroom , which was full of soldiers , primarily officers , all wearing basic camouflage fatigues . Lakin smiled once while talking with Jensen 's assistant but otherwise did n't convey much emotion or say much except "  Yes , ma'am , " and "  No , ma'am " to the judge . In addition to pushing back his plea , Lakin waived the opportunity to choose whether a judge or jury would decide his fate . Lakin is a decorated Army doctor and an 18-year veteran who is now facing court martial for disobeying orders to ship out for another tour of duty in Afghanistan . He specializes as a primary care physician and flight surgeon . Doctors in those positions often fly in medevac helicopters in the war zone . Lakin says the orders are illegal because , he claims , Obama -- the commander in chief -- has not proven he was born in this country and is therefore ineligible to be president . Lakin wants Obama to produce his birth certificate . "  It 's a fundamental of the Constitution , and my oath of office is to the Constitution . And I believe we need truth on this matter , " Lakin told CNN 's "  AC 360 " in May . Two newspapers in Honolulu , Hawaii , published announcements of Obama 's birth there in August , 1961 . The Republican governor of Hawaii , Linda Lingle , has recently certified Obama 's birth certificate as legitimate . "  I had my health director , who is a physician by background , go personally view the birth certificate in the birth records of the Department of Health , " Lingle recently told WABC . "  The president was in fact born at Kapi'olani Hospital in Honolulu , Hawaii . And that 's just a fact . " "  It 's been established he was born here , " the governor continued . "  I can understand why people want to make certain that the constitutional requirement of being a natural-born American citizen ... but the question has been asked and answered . And I think just we should all move on now . " Despite the evidence , roughly a quarter of Americans remains skeptical , including Lakin and other so-called "  birthers . " Birthers have argued that Obama was not born in Hawaii , or that if he was , his citizenship was invalidated by living overseas as a child . Lakin has been steadfast in his own defense . "  I am not guilty of these charges , and will plead ` not guilty ' to them because of my conviction that our commander in chief may be ineligible under the United States Constitution to serve in that highest of all offices , " Lakin said in a news release issued this week by the American Patriot Foundation -- a group that has established a fund for his legal defense . "  The truth matters . The Constitution matters , " he said . "  If President Obama is a natural-born citizen , then the American people deserve to see proof , and if he is not , then I believe the orders in this case were illegal . " CNN Pentagon Producer Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report	NEW : Lt. Col. Terrence Lakin 's attorney wants charges thrown out NEW : Lakin did not enter a plea at Friday 's hearing Lakin said he does not believe President Obama was born in the United States Hawaiian officials have said they have documents that prove otherwise
CNN  -- Two years after his wife of 34 years died in a fire , an Iowa man continues to maintain the blaze was started by a faulty cruise control switch under the hood of her 1996 Ford F-150 pickup -- while it was parked in the garage attached to his home . Ford says a faulty cruise control switch did not start the blaze that engulfed Dolly Mohlis ' F-150 truck . Although Ford has denied -- and continues to deny -- the switch started the fire that killed 74-year-old Dolly Mohlis in 2005 , the company recently settled a lawsuit brought against it by Earl Mohlis . And last week , it issued a recall of an estimated 3.6 million vehicles -- bringing the total recalled over the past decade to more than 10 million -- every single car and truck built with a similar cruise control switch . Dolly Mohlis woke up smelling smoke in May 2005 , Earl Mohlis has told CNN . She woke him to find out the source while she called 911 . When he looked in the garage , he said , he saw the truck was in flames . Earl Mohlis said he opened the garage door to try to get the truck out , but the wind -- blowing that night at about 50 mph -- fanned the flames , which spread to the house . The fire department in the Mohlises ' rural town could not arrive fast enough . Dolly Mohlis , who suffered from debilitating arthritis , was suddenly trapped inside the home . "  I says to Dolly , ` You got to get out of that house , ' " Earl Mohlis told CNN . "  She come a-running , and she never made it . " Watch Mohlis describe how the flames trapped his wife " In 2005 , CNN began airing a series of investigative reports on unexplained and sudden fires in Ford cars and trucks . They found that a tiny electrical switch in the cruise control system could lead to the vehicle catching fire , even hours after the car was turned off . Although Ford had begun recalling the parts in some vehicles in 1999 , a sweeping recall was not issued until earlier this month . Ford says media reports like those on CNN have sparked fear among Ford owners . The newly recalled vehicles , a Ford spokesman told CNN , do not have "  a higher-than-normal fire incidence . " Asked about the recall , a Ford spokesman told CNN the company was voluntarily announcing the recall because it "  could not be confident about the long-term durability of these switches " and to address consumer concerns about the potential for fires . CNN has learned , however , that federal investigators were continuing to observe what one safety official said were elevated levels of suspect fires in Ford vehicles that had not been the subject of a recall . Since the cruise control switch was introduced in 1992 , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration had documented more than 600 blazes . The safety official said investigators with NHTSA were discussing safety concerns with Ford when the company announced the massive recall last week . Neither Mohlis nor Ford released terms of the settlement , but Mohlis told the Des Moines Register he still cries for his wife every day . E-mail to a friend	Earl Mohlis says faulty cruise control switch caused fire that killed his wife Ford denies the switch started the blaze ; company settled Mohlis ' lawsuit Ford has recalled more than 10 million vehicles in past decade CNN in 2005 began airing investigative reports on sudden fires in Ford vehicles
CNN  -- New York Police investigators are probing whether three men arrested last week with a stash of Apple products possibly bought with gift cards altered with stolen credit card data may have ties to a broader network of scammers , a law enforcement official said . Prosecutors in Brooklyn charged the three suspects , who were arrested on Thursday following a traffic stop . In their car , prosecutors allege , the men carried 17 Apple iPad Air and 11 iPad Mini tablets , 7 iTouch players , one X-Box , and 9 $ 25 iTunes cards . They also had a stash of 39 gift cards with magnetic strips that had been altered to carry stolen credit card data , according to court documents . Investigators believe they used similarly altered gift cards to buy the Apple haul from Target stores in Brooklyn and Long Island , a law enforcement official said . The arrests followed disclosures by Target that the retailer had been the victim of a major breach that may have exposed the credit and debit card data of as many of 40 million shoppers who patronized Target stores in the three weeks after Thanksgiving . The timing of the arrests and the Target breach prompted New York Police financial crimes investigators to alert the U.S. Secret Service which is investigating the Target breach . There is no indication that the Brooklyn arrests are related to the Target matter . Police and other local authorities routinely turn over information on credit card thefts to the Secret Service , which investigates such crimes . A Secret Service spokesman declined comment beyond saying the agency continues its investigation of the Target case . Law enforcement officials and experts said altering gift cards , or other so-called stored-value cards , is a favored way for scammers to launder money and stolen credit cards . Rather than making new fake credit cards with the stolen data , thieves use gift cards to avoid detection since cashiers are less likely to be suspicious . Point of sale machines in stores read the magnetic strip data and wo n't detect that a gift card is carrying stolen credit card data .	Three men arrested in New York last week after a traffic stop Authorities probe whether altered gift cards used to buy Apple products Arrests follow Target announcement it was victim of major credit card breach No indication that Target and New York cases are related , however
Two "  Dancing With the Stars " contestants are on the mend from injuries . On Monday night 's show , contestant Amy Purdy landed in the hospital with a back injury following her performance with pro dancer Derek Hough . The 34-year-old athlete had won high scores from the show 's judges with her rumba , but after the routine , she said , she "  turned wrong " and then found herself in a world of pain . "  Right after judging I kind of turned my head and my back cracked and it just seized up , " Purdy said . "  Everything 's really painful right now , it 's hard to breathe . " Later Purdy tweeted that she was "  in pain but I 'm in good hands . " Because of her injury , Purdy sat out a group routine and "  Dancing With the Stars " ran rehearsal footage instead . Purdy tweeted that she is n't sure whether she 'll be able to return to the competition next week , but she 's hopeful and excited for the routine she and Hough are scheduled to perform . The Paralympic snowboarder is n't the only "  Dancing " contestant whose hard work on the dance floor has led to offstage pain . During an April 24 rehearsal , Danica McKellar broke a rib . The former "  Wonder Years " actress was still recovering when she performed on Monday , but she said support from her fans helped her pull through . "  It 's sore , but it 's OK , " McKellar said after her routine . "  You fight through it and do your best . "	Two "  Dancing With the Stars " contestants are facing injuries During Monday 's show , Amy Purdy injured her back Earlier , Danica McKellar broke a rib
CNN  -- She was often portrayed as the archetypal dumb blonde , but behind the golden locks and hourglass figure , Marilyn Monroe was an astute businesswoman . Decades later , the 1950s screen siren is providing inspiration for Mariah Carey 's own vast entertainment empire . "  Marilyn Monroe , who I 'm a huge fan of , had the first production company as a female , as a woman , " Carey told CNN 's Nischelle Turner , ahead of the release of her 14th album later this month . "  She played the dumb blonde role , she played it well , but that was not who she was . " Gaze across New York 's Times Square today and you 'll find giant billboards of a sun-kissed Carey in netted swimsuit , her album title declaring : "  Me . I am Mariah . " But Carey had to work her socks off to become the best-selling female artist of the millennium in 2000 . A woman who has sold 200 million albums worldwide , and overtaken Elvis Presley 's record of U.S. number one singles . Less silver spoon in her mouth -- "  more like a plastic spoon , " says the daughter of an opera singer mother in Long Island , New York . "  I did n't fit in anywhere , and so music was the thing that I had to cling on to , that made me feel special and like I had this secret , " added the 44-year-old mother-of-two . The idea of one day making it big , however , was laughable to her classmates . "  I remember once in six or seventh grade , they asked : ` What do you want to do when you grow up ? ' " said Carey , dubbed the "  songbird supreme " by the Guinness Book of Records for her remarkable vocal range . "  I said I wanted to be a singer , I wanted to be an actress . And they were all like ` haha . ' Because of course at that point I still did n't really have conditioner or know how to comb through textured hair , " said the musician , whose mother is Irish-American and father is of African-American and Venezuelan descent . The wide-eyed curly-haired girl next door burst onto the music scene in 1990 , with her five-octave vocal range and eponymous album that sold a cool 6 million copies . She has since won five Grammy Awards , been nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for her performance in film "  The Butler , " been a judge on "  American Idol , " and become a mother to twins she affectionately calls "  Dem babies . " Arriving in Times Square in a figure-hugging black dress recently , signing autographs for her screaming fans , or "  lambily , " as she calls them , Carey is as glossy and glamorous as an old-school Hollywood starlet . And she did n't get here by accident . Inspire : How Africa 's Oprah inspired a continent Opinion : How men like Brad Pitt empower women Lauren Said-Moorhouse contributed to this report .	Mariah Carey is back with a 14th album , to be released later this month Best-selling female artist of the millennium burst onto music scene in 1990 A look back at the curly-haired girl next door who became sassy mother-of-two Career includes film performances and TV appearances on American Idol
London , England  CNN  Ever had a question that you wanted to ask to Nneka ? Now 's your chance ! CNN 's African Voices will sit down with the soulful singer on Monday , 23 February -- and we want to hear from you . Send in your questions by leaving a comment below or using the hashtag #AskNneka on Twitter , and we 'll put the best of them to the Nigerian artist , who is now back with new music -- her latest track "  My Love , My Love , " was released in early 2015 has the distinct sound and influence of one of her heroes , Bob Marley . Watch this space for the full interview ! More : Nneka tells of love , injustice in Nigeria More from African Voices	CNN interviews Nneka Egbuna , a Nigerian-German singer/songwriter Monday What questions do you have for fabulous soul singer ? Send them to CNN via the hashtag #AskNneka or in the comments below !
Health  -- After zooming from one end of the mall to the other , do n't you deserve a quick bite ? Of course . Does it have to be greasy fries , gooey cinnamon buns , or some other equally fattening , sodium-loaded calorie bomb ? No way ! Believe it or not , you can eat healthy while you tackle holiday errands . Check out our delicious , nutritious picks . Asian Grilled Salmon on Brown Rice  P.F. Chang 's China Bistro This salmon-and-asparagus entre won top honors because it 's "  a simple , wholesome dish with real foods , " says David Katz , M.D. , director of the Yale Prevention Research Center . Our experts applauded P.F. Chang 's for including brown rice -- a great source of fiber -- on their menu . And salmon 's omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to improve memory  you do n't want to forget anyone on your list !  . Omega-3s also help reduce inflammation in the body and may help lower your risk of heart disease , cancer , and arthritis . Since one order contains enough for two servings , split it with a friend -- you 'll save money and calories . Serving size : 6 ounces , or 1/2 of entre Calories 230 ; Fat 12g  sat 2.5 g  ; Protein 17g ; Carbohydrate 14g ; Fiber 2g ; Sodium 300mg Health.com : America 's top 10 healthiest fast food restaurants Moroccan Chicken Salad  California Pizza Kitchen You wo n't get bored munching on this salad . Dressed with a champagne vinaigrette  ooh la la !  , it contains loads of flavorful veggies  avocado , beets , red bell peppers , roasted butternut squash , romaine lettuce  and even fruit  dates and dried cranberries  . "  You 're eating the rainbow here , " says dietitian Ellie Krieger , R.D. "  You 'll get a wide array of antioxidants like beta carotene from the squash and anthocyanins from the beets . " And protein-rich chicken and egg plus 7 grams of fiber make this a super-satisfying dish . The salad may be high in total fat , but a fair amount of it comes from the avocado , which is chock-full of healthy , monounsaturated fats . Serving size : 1  1/2 - portion  salad Calories 412 ; Fat 27g  sat 4g  ; Protein 12g ; Carbohydrate 30g ; Fiber 7g ; Sodium 309mg Health.com : 25 diet-busting foods you should never eat Chicken on Flatbread with Hummus Artisan Snack Plate  Starbucks This snack or light lunch has a mix of veggies  grape tomatoes , carrot and cucumber sticks  and protein  chicken and hummus  , which keeps you energized . Our experts commended Starbucks overall for adding healthy options like this one to their menu . Serving size : 1 snack plate Calories 250 ; Fat 9g  sat 0g  ; Protein 17g ; Carbohydrate 27g ; Fiber 5g ; Sodium 520mg Roasted Eggplant , Spinach , and Feta Multigrain Pizza  Uno Chicago Grill This veggie pizza boasts a full roster of good-for-you ingredients and a crust made mainly with whole-wheat stone-ground flour . "  Unlike other fast-food pies , this one is relatively light on sodium , " says Frances Largeman-Roth , R.D. , Health magazine 's senior food and nutrition editor . But stick to just two or three slices , then take the rest home or share it with a friend . Serving size : 1/3 of  10 1/2 - inch  pizza Calories 290 ; Fat 11g  sat 3.5 g  ; Protein 13g ; Carbohydrate 37g ; Fiber 6g ; Sodium 400mg Health.com : Easy pizza recipes under 400 calories Mayan Chicken Harvest Rice Bowl with Brown Rice  Au Bon Pain Slow-cooked chicken with spices served over brown rice and topped with a field-green salad ? Not your typical mall fare . Our panel thought this was a creative mix of lean protein , veggies , and whole grains . "  It 's a very complete meal , " Katz says . It has a bit more calories than some of our other picks , so make it your main meal of the day . One thing the panelists did n't care for : the addition of partially hydrogenated oil . However , the amount is small enough that the company can still claim the dish has zero grams of trans fat . Serving size : 1 bowl Calories 510 ; Fat 13g  sat 3g  ; Protein 27g ; Carbohydrate 72g ; Fiber 4g ; Sodium 870mg Broccoli Beef with White Rice  Panda Express Here 's a Chinese dish that wo n't leave you bloated : The sodium content is decent for food-court Asian fare , which tends to be higher in salt than other cuisines . The inclusion of super-nutritious broccoli deserves special mention , Katz says . The experts just wish Panda Express offered brown rice . Serving size : 5.4 ounces broccoli beef and 1/2 serving white rice Calories 340 ; Fat 4g  sat 1g  ; Protein 14g ; Carbohydrate 60g ; Fiber 3g ; Sodium 740mg Health.com : 25 surprisingly salty foods 6-Inch Veggie Delite with Swiss  Subway No need for portion control here : "  You can eat a whole sandwich for not many calories or fat grams , " Krieger says . That means you can afford to top it with cheese and light mayo . The "  9-grain wheat bread " is a bit deceiving , though . While our panelists praised the fact that it contains barley , flaxseed , and millet , the bread is n't truly whole-grain  the first ingredient is enriched wheat flour  . Serving size : 1  6-inch  sandwich Calories 330 ; Fat 12g  sat 4g  ; Protein 12g ; Carbohydrate 45g ; Fiber 5g ; Sodium 540mg Asian Sesame Chicken Salad  Panera Bread Chicken , almonds , and sesame seeds make this salad a protein-rich lunch . "  I love that the textural crunch from the almonds makes it more satisfying , " Krieger says . A few qualms : "  Romaine lettuce is the only vegetable , " she says . The reduced-sugar dressing also contains high-fructose corn syrup and preservatives . Serving size : 1 salad Calories 400 ; Fat 20g  sat 3.5 g  ; Protein 31g ; Carbohydrate 31g ; Fiber 3g ; Sodium 810mg Health.com : The 50 fattiest foods in the states Snack Size Fruit and Walnut Salad  McDonald 's This light bite will help hold you over until you get home . Our experts were impressed that you can get delicious fresh fruit  sliced apples and red grapes  and low-fat vanilla yogurt at a fast-food chain , but wondered why the walnuts have to be sweetened . Serving size : 1 salad Calories 210 ; Fat 8g  sat 1.5 g  ; Protein 4g ; Carbohydrate 31g ; Fiber 2g ; Sodium 60mg Soft Serve Chocolate Frozen Yogurt  TCBY If you 're craving something sweet , this fro yo is a better choice than a giant cookie . It 's rich in calcium and contains seven live active cultures -- healthy bacteria that can help aid digestion . Just remember , it is dessert , so do n't overdo it ! Serving size : 4 ounces  about 1/2 of a small size  Calories 110 ; Fat 1.5 g  sat 1g  ; Protein 4g ; Carbohydrate 23g ; Fiber 3g ; Sodium 90mg Copyright Health Magazine 2010	Asian grilled salmon on brown rice from P.F. Chang 's China Bistro wins top honors Try the Roasted Eggplant , Spinach , and Feta Multigrain Pizza from Uno Chicago Grill For a quick bite , eat the McDonald 's snack size fruit and walnut salad
Ankara , Turkey  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people gathered across Turkey on Tuesday to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the Madimak Massacre , in which 37 people , mostly members of the Alevi sect , were killed when an angry mob set fire to their hotel . The largest memorial took place in the central Anatolian province of Sivas , the scene of the July 2 , 1993 , massacre . Demonstrators carried photographs of the victims and chanted , "  Murderers will answer for their crime . " "  We have not forgotten and we will not let it be forgotten , " they said . Most of those killed in the inferno were Alevis , members of a Muslim sect that combines traditional Shiite doctrine with Anatolian Sufi practices . They were attending a conference at the Madimak Hotel when the mob set fire to the building . At least 37 people died , 33 of them conference attendees . Two hotel workers and two others implicated in the arson also died . There were 125 suspects who went on trial in 1993 for the massacre ; 85 of them were sentenced the next year , and the rest were released . A higher court overturned the verdict . In 1997 , suspects were tried again , and 33 were convicted and sentenced to the death penalty ; another 14 were sentenced to up to 15 years in prison . The death sentences were commuted to life in prison when Turkey abolished capital punishment in 2002 . As many as eight suspects are still wanted by the Turkish government for the crime . Thousands of people gathered Tuesday in the Turkish capital of Ankara to commemorate the massacre , with a small group later marching to Kizilay Square , where Alevi demonstrator Ethem Sarisuluk was killed , allegedly by a police bullet , at the height of anti-government protests that began in late May . Demonstrators held a moment of silence to remember the Madimak victims , then lit candles and placed flowers where Sarisuluk was shot . Security forces stood by with water cannon during the demonstration . "  We were n't expecting the police to let us march here , " said demonstrator Burhan Coban , 26 . "  But we wanted to commemorate the 20th-year anniversary of the Sivas Massacre here where Ethem was killed . " In Istanbul , the commemorations were organized by various Alevi groups , labor unions and the Taksim Solidarity Platform , an umbrella organization that launched the anti-government protests in late May and early June at the city 's Gezi Park . The Turkish government blames the protests on an unknown foreign conspiracy , with one deputy prime minister pointing to the Jewish diaspora . "  There are those inside and outside the country who are jealous and envious of Turkey 's growth , " Besir Atalay , a deputy prime minister , told reporters Monday on camera . "  They are all uniting . On the one side , the Jewish diaspora . You have seen the foreign media 's attitude over the events of Gezi Park . How quickly they bought it and how quickly and widely they started broadcasting before any evaluation . " The Chief Rabbinate of Turkey and the Turkish Jewish Community issued a statement of concern Tuesday about the remarks and said they are trying to get more details . "  But in any case , based on the fact that Turkish Jewish citizens as well as other Jewish people living all around the globe may be affected and pointed as a target of such a generalization , we wish to express our concerns , and share our apprehension and worry of the consequences that such perceptions can cause , " the statement said . Atalay 's office said the comments were taken out of context , according to the semi-official Anatolian news agency . "  In the speech , there was no intention , no signal , or expression aimed at our Jewish citizens in Turkey or Jewish people in other countries , " Atalay 's office said in a statement .	The Madimak Massacre happened on July 2 , 1993 37 people were killed when a mob set their hotel on fire Most were members of the Alevi sect Commemorations happened in Sivas , Ankara , and Istanbul
HLNtv.com  -- The father of two Southern California children who went missing after their mother was killed pleaded Tuesday for their suspected abductor to release his daughter . A massive manhunt is under way for James DiMaggio , whom law enforcement authorities describe as a friend of the mother , Christina Anderson . The whereabouts of Anderson 's children , Hannah , 16 , and Ethan , 8 , are unknown . Investigators believe they may be with DiMaggio , 40 , the owner and sole resident of the burned home where Anderson 's body was found , along with the unidentified remains of a child . "  Jim , I ca n't fathom what you were thinking . The damage is done . I 'm begging you to let my daughter go . You 've taken everything else , " Brett Anderson , the children 's father , told reporters . "  Hannah , we all love you very much . If you have a chance , you take it , you run . You 'll be found , " he said . The father did not mention Ethan in his remarks , prompting a reporter to ask San Diego Sheriff 's Department Lt. Glenn Giannantonio whether the child 's remains might be those of the boy . "  We do n't know who that is that was found in the rubble . It is a possibility that it 's Ethan . It 's a possibility that 's another child that we have n't identified yet , or do n't realize is missing yet , " Giannantonio said . "  Right now , we just do n't know , and we 're praying that it was n't Ethan , " he said . Authorities are following up on tips and casting a wide net for DiMaggio and the children . "  We 've received some information that either Texas or Canada may have been the destination he was heading to . Realistically , we do n't know where they 're going , " Giannantonio said . "  We 're looking everywhere . " Deputies and fire personnel were called to the scene of a residence and detached garage on fire in the enclave of Boulevard around 8 p.m. Sunday . While extinguishing the fire , personnel discovered the body of Anderson , 42 , of Lakeside , California . Authorities believe she was murdered . They also recovered the remains of a child and the body of a dog . Once California authorities issued the Amber Alert , information was distributed to residents ' cell phones statewide through the Wireless Emergency Alert program , according to the California Highway Patrol . The wireless program was instituted in December 2012 , and this case is the first time is has been used statewide , CHP Public Information Officer Erin Komatsubara told HLN . On HLN 's "  Raising America " on Tuesday , the children 's aunt , Andrea Saincome , said that DiMaggio has known the family for years and that it would not have been unusual for the mother and children to be at his house . "  There was nothing out of the ordinary , " Saincome told HLN 's Christi Paul . "  He seemed like a genuinely nice guy . He was close to the kids , and he was friends with my sister and my brother-in-law . " Police believe the children were last seen with their mother in Boulevard on Saturday . They were reported missing by their grandparents on Sunday . Giannantonio said he did not know what led them to believe their grandchildren were missing . According to Giannantonio , DiMaggio and Anderson had "  a close , platonic relationship . " Giannantonio would not release any details about how Anderson was killed , but said arson investigators believe they know how the fire was started . Authorities also found burned weapons in the residence . Giannantonio did not disclose what those weapons were . The Sheriff 's Office released several photos of DiMaggio , and Giannantonio said he is believed to be driving a blue , four-door Nissan Versa with California license plate 6WCU986 . However , he might have switched vehicles , taken public transportation or could be hunkered down somewhere , Giannantonio said . He asked for the public 's help . He warned anyone who sees DiMaggio and the children that he may be dangerous and they should not approach him or attempt to detain him . Instead , Giannantonio advised people to call 911 . Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department Homicide Detail at 858-974-2321 or submit an anonymous tip to Crime Stoppers at 888-580-8477 . The FBI is assisting with the investigation . "  I 'm hoping that the next time you hear from us will be maybe later on tonight with me announcing that we 've located the children , they 're fine , and Mr. DiMaggio is in custody , " said Giannantonio .	A massive manhunt is under way for James DiMaggio "  If you have a chance , you take it , you run , " Brett Anderson tells his daughter Hannah Anderson , 16 , and Ethan Anderson , 8 , are missing Their mother 's body is found in a burned house , along with the unidentified remains of a child
CNN  -- Dozens of whales are dead after they got stuck on a remote beach in New Zealand , authorities said Monday . The 39 long-finned pilot whales became stranded overnight on Farewell Spit , a narrow claw of land that juts out into the sea from the northern tip of New Zealand 's South Island . Twelve of the whales had died by the time they were found Monday morning . Conservation officials said they decided to euthanize the remaining 27 because the chances of getting them safely back out to sea were too slim . "  They have come very high onto the beach in a big tide , " said John Mason , the conservation services manager for the area where the whales were found . "  The big tides are now reducing , coming in further out from shore , so it would be difficult to get the large animals into deep enough water to refloat them . " He said that he and his staff had "  carefully weighed up the likelihood of being able to refloat " the whales , but that they "  determined that due to various factors it was unlikely they could be rescued . " "  Rather than prolong the suffering of the remaining 27 whales , we decided to humanely euthanize them , " he said in a statement . Surrounded by oceans rich in marine life , New Zealand has one of the highest stranding rates for sea mammals in the world . An average of about 300 dolphins and whales get stuck on the country 's coasts each year , according to Project Jonah , a nonprofit group that aims to rescue and protect marine mammals . Golden Bay , the area where the group of pilot whales got stuck , is known as a stranding hotspot because of its protruding coastline , gently sloping beaches and system of currents . Pilot whales , which live offshore , are among the most vulnerable species to mass strandings in such conditions , according to the Encyclopedia of New Zealand . But the number of whales that died on Farewell Spit this week pales in comparison with some of New Zealand 's worst strandings . In 1998 , more than 300 pilot whales died after they got stuck in Doughboy Bay on Stewart Island , which sits off the south coast of the South Island . New Zealand 's worst ever stranding took place in 1918 , the Encyclopedia of New Zealand says , when around 1,000 pilot whales got marooned on Long Beach in the Chatham Islands , which are situated hundreds of kilometers off the country 's east coast . Scientists ask public to help find missing whales stranded off Florida coast CNN 's Khushbu Shah contributed to this report .	The group of whales got stranded overnight on New Zealand 's South Island Twelve had died by the morning and officials decided to euthanize 27 others "  It was unlikely they could be rescued , " a local conservation official says New Zealand has one of the highest stranding rates for marine mammals
New York  CNN  -- A former on-air meteorologist for New York 's WABC-TV has pleaded guilty to charges of filing a phony attempted sexual assault report , a story she later recanted . Heidi Jones pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor counts of false reporting in the third degree , her attorney , Paul Callan , said Wednesday . Jones , who did weather reports on the station 's weekend newscasts , called police on November 24 , 2010 , saying that she had nearly been attacked while jogging in Central Park . She said that on November 21 she had crossed paths with a man , whom she described as a Hispanic in his 30s , who taunted and harassed her . Police said Jones later recanted the story as police questioned her . After she was arrested and charged in December , she was suspended by WABC and later resigned . Before Wednesday 's guilty plea , Callan filed a motion to dismiss the charges on the grounds that Jones was denied her right to a speedy trial . State Supreme Court Justice Richard Carruthers denied the motion . While sentencing is scheduled for October 26 , the defendant and the district attorney 's office said they have agreed on a sentence of three years probation with 350 hours of community service . Assistant District Attorney Shanda Strain said in court that the number of hours of community service was based on the number of hours law enforcement officials spent investigating the case , said Joan Vollero , a spokeswoman for the district attorney 's office . Callan said that Jones "  wished to express her sincere apologies for any problems caused by her and by this incident and she specifically apologized to the NYPD and other law enforcement agencies involved in the investigation . " He added , "  Heidi Jones has always sought a way to accept personal responsibility for the unfortunate actions " CNN 's Jesse Solomon contributed to this report .	Heidi Jones pleads guilty to two misdemeanor counts She filed the false report in November A sentence of probation and community service has been agreed on , prosecutors say
CNN  -- A plume of black smoke rose over Cairo early Friday after a powerful explosion hit the city 's police headquarters , killing at least four people and wounding more than 50 others , Egyptian authorities said . The blast struck a key symbol of authority in a country that has been shaken by political turmoil and violent unrest in recent years . It was followed by two smaller explosions near police stations in the Cairo area , one of which killed one person . And later , a fourth explosion outside a movie theater in Giza city , near Cairo , killed one person and injured seven others , state television said . The blasts took place at a time of high tension -- the day before the third anniversary of the 2011 revolution that eventually brought down authoritarian leader Hosni Mubarak . And they come amid the instability ushered in by the military 's overthrow last year of the democratically elected former President , Mohamed Morsy , and the ensuing crackdown by security forces on the Islamist movement that supported him , the Muslim Brotherhood . Suicide bomber suspected The first blast appeared to have been caused by a suicide attacker who tried to drive a vehicle laden with explosives into the police headquarters , said Maj. Gen. Hany Abdel Latif , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry , citing preliminary reports . Guards stationed in front of the headquarters in the Abdeen district of Cairo opened fire at the vehicle , and the explosion went off in the building 's vicinity rather than inside , he told state news agency Egynews . The blast destroyed the front of the first and second floors of the eight-story building , he said , and damaged the third floor . Most of the building 's windows appeared to have been blown out . Air-conditioning units dangled by cables from the shattered facade . At least 51 people were wounded in the explosion , state-run broadcaster Masriya TV reported , citing the Health Ministry . Visiting the ruined building , Egyptian Interior Minister Mohamed Ibrahim condemned the bombing . "  These are nothing but desperate attacks in an attempt to create chaos , but the citizens here will remain resilient , " he told Masriya TV . Ibrahim said security forces will ensure that Egyptians will be able to celebrate the anniversary of the revolution Saturday "  as if nothing happened today . " A powerful blast CNN 's Reza Sayah said the blast appeared to be "  the most powerful bomb attack that we 've seen here in central Cairo in recent memory . " Speaking from near the scene of the blast , he said the attack will probably intensify the fight between Egypt 's military-backed government and the groups that oppose it . It was n't immediately clear who was behind that bombing . Friday is a holiday in Egypt , so the police headquarters is unlikely to have been as busy as it would have been on a weekday . The blast happened around 6:30 a.m. , according to state media . Hundreds of people -- some stunned , some angry -- gathered around the scene , Sayah said . Many of those in the crowd were quick to blame the Muslim Brotherhood , despite no official word on who might be to blame . The Muslim Brotherhood denied responsibility for the bombing and issued a statement condemning it . "  The Muslim Brotherhood condemns any acts of violence or killing , regardless of who are the perpetrators , and the  Muslim Brotherhood  emphasizes that the revolution that has continued for seven months is a peaceful revolution and it will insist to remain peaceful . " Separately , the Muslim Brotherhood called for protests and sit-ins across multiple sites in and out of Cairo in a show of defiance . The group said security forces fired live ammunition on demonstrators in Beni Suef on Friday ; surrounded and mistreated worshippers at a mosque in Suez on Friday ; and thugs attacked a funeral in Alexandria on Thursday , among other grievances . Police arrested 111 protesters across the country , the Interior Ministry said . Egypt 's armed forces condemned the bombings , as did the U.S. government . "  It should be clear to all ... Egyptians that violence has not and will not move Egypt 's political transition forward , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said . "  Ongoing unrest and cycles of violence surrounding protests hurt Egypt 's prospects for political and economic stability . " A U.S. State Department official said that Washington is "  aware of reports " that one of its citizens "  has been detained in Egypt . " But the official said the U.S. government would n't comment any more than that . Fears of more turmoil Friday 's second explosion was much smaller and went off near a police station in Dokki , a residential area of Cairo , wounding several people , authorities said . And in the Al-Haram district of Giza city , a small bomb was thrown at a moving police vehicle near a police station , killing one person , deputy Giza security chief Mahmoud Farouk told state TV . This new wave of violence follows a referendum earlier this month in which Egyptian voters overwhelmingly approved a new constitution proposed by the military-backed government , according to the country 's electoral commission . But supporters of the now-banned Muslim Brotherhood had boycotted the vote in response to a continuing government crackdown . Rights groups have expressed concern about what they call an increasingly repressive environment in Egypt , where more than 2,200 people have been killed since Morsy 's ouster . Some anti-government groups have resorted to violence . Bomb attacks and shootings against the security apparatus have taken place across the country in recent months -- a situation described by some as a low-level insurgency . The government has blamed the Muslim Brotherhood for many of the attacks , even though the movement has condemned them . The bombing of the Cairo police headquarters suggested the violence is taking on a more serious , high-profile form . "  The fear is there 's a very difficult and tumultuous phase ahead for this country , " Sayah said . Democracy : Egypt 's beautiful dream in the wrong hands Egypt passes a new constitution CNN 's Jamie Crawford and journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report .	NEW : Official : U.S. is "  aware of reports " one of its citizens has been detained in Egypt A huge explosion strikes Cairo 's police headquarters , damaging several floors More than 50 people also are wounded in the attack , state media report Smaller blasts follow in other areas of Cairo , wounding several people
CNN  -- Police are asking that the volunteer searches for three missing Michigan brothers be stopped by Friday night . Local authorities and federal investigators have been trying to find 9-year-old Andrew Skelton , 7-year-old Alexander William Skelton and 5-year-old Tanner Skelton last seen on Thanksgiving . The end of the volunteer searches will allow authorities the opportunity to process what has been done and collected and to "  re-evaluate our direction for the following week , " said Larry Weeks , police chief of Morenci , Michigan . John Skelton , the boys ' father who has been charged with parental kidnapping , is fighting his extradition from Ohio , authorities said Wednesday . A hearing is set for December 14 . Skelton was arrested Tuesday upon his release from a mental health facility where he was being treated after a suicide attempt , Weeks said . Although investigators have found "  a number of items , " they still do not know the children 's whereabouts , Weeks said . Asked whether he believes that the boys are dead , Weeks said Wednesday , "  I refuse to believe that at this point , " saying he wanted to maintain hope . He did , however , repeat his Tuesday statement that a positive outcome is not anticipated . Investigators have not spoken with Skelton "  in some time , " he said , or developed any additional information . He previously said authorities are skeptical of the information Skelton has provided . Skelton said he left the three boys with a woman , whom he identified as Joann Taylor , the morning before he tried to take his own life -- in part to ensure that they did not witness his suicide attempt . Skelton said Taylor was supposed to take the boys to their home in Morenci , a southern Michigan town of about 2,400 people about 40 miles west-northwest of Toledo , Ohio , Friday afternoon , Weeks said . But the boys never arrived . Earlier , authorities determined that Skelton had no "  established relationship " with the person he named as Taylor , and they are n't certain that she even exists . Authorities continue to ask for the public 's help , hoping someone saw Skelton 's blue 2000 Dodge Caravan , in which he was believed to be carrying the boys along a 25-mile stretch of road between Morenci and Holiday City , Ohio . The last time someone other than a family member saw the boys was at 5 p.m. on November 25 , according to the chief . Police say Tanner is 3 feet , 6 inches tall with strawberry blond hair and blue eyes , and weighs about 40 pounds . Alexander is 3 feet , 9 inches tall , has brown hair and eyes , weighs about 45 pounds and has scars on his hairline and chin . The oldest brother , Andrew , is 4 feet , 1 inch tall , has brown hair and eyes and weighs roughly 57 pounds .	Police are asking that volunteer searches stop Friday John Skelton is fighting extradition from Ohio Chief says he refuses to believe the 3 boys are dead
CNN  -- The number of people missing after flash floods swept cars off roads in the eastern Australian city of Toowoomba rose to more than 70 on Monday , with eight people confirmed dead , police in the state of Queensland reported . The latest flooding hit Toowoomba , about 125 kilometers  80 miles  west of the state capital Brisbane and considerably south of other areas hit by recent floods . The Queensland Police Service confirmed that 72 people are now missing in the areas of Toowoomba and Lockyer Creek , and Chantelle Rule-Murphy , spokesperson for Emergency Management Queensland , said eight people have now been confirmed dead . iReport : Are you there ? Share your photos , video Toowoomba is the biggest inland city in Queensland , a region that was already reeling from one of the worst floods in its history . Authorities there are conducting several search-and-rescue operations , and Australia 's military has committed four helicopters to those efforts , Rule-Murphy said . "  A lot of places are in high alert and we still expect a good deal of rain , so we are still not out of the woods yet , " Queensland police spokesman Ben Tracy said . Since November 30 , the seasonal flooding in Queensland has caused rivers to spill over their banks and reach record levels . At least 200,000 people have been affected , and heavy rains are expected to continue moving into Tuesday . CNN 's John Raedler contributed to this report .	NEW : 72 people are now missing in latest Australia flooding Eight people have been confirmed dead and 11 injured , police say Prolonged flooding in northeast Australia has affected at least 200,000 people Toowoomba is Queensland 's biggest inland city
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- TLC will take a six-week break from producing new "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 " episodes to give the Gosselin family "  some time off to regroup " after the couple split up , the cable network said . Jon and Kate Gosselin announced their official separation on Monday evening 's show . Kate Gosselin filed for a divorce from Jon on Monday , after 10 years of marriage and four weeks into the current season of the popular reality show . "  Over the course of this weekend , Jon 's activities have left me no choice but to file legal procedures in order to protect myself and our children , " she said in a statement released by TLC on Tuesday . "  While there are reasons why it was appropriate and necessary for me to initiate this proceeding , I do not wish to discuss those reasons at this time , in the hope that all issues will be resolved amicably between Jon and myself . " Jon Gosselin said their eight children -- including sextuplets and a set of twins -- "  are still my number one priority . " iReport.com : Share your custody success stories "  I love them and want to make sure they stay happy , healthy and safe , " he said in a TLC statement . "  My job is being the best , most supportive and loving father that I can be to my kids , and not being married to Kate does n't change that . " TLC said it would "  work closely with them to determine the best way to continue to tell their story as they navigate through this difficult time . " "  Following a retrospective of Jon and Kate 's first 10 years airing on June 29th , the show will be on hiatus until August 3rd , " the network said . "  During this time the family will take some time off to regroup and then a modified schedule will be in place to support the family 's transition . " New episodes will resume on August 3 , it said . Blog : Should the show go on ? "  This will be a difficult transition for all of us , but Kate and I will work out a schedule that enables our kids to have plenty of quality time with both of us at home in Pennsylvania , " Jon Gosselin said in Tuesday 's statement . "  In terms of my marriage , it 's no secret that the past six months or so have been very difficult for Kate and me . We are no different than other couples and parents who are facing a crossroads in their marriage . I am of course deeply saddened that we are divorcing . " The couple announced their separation on Monday 's episode . "  It 's just not good for our kids -LSB- for us -RSB- to be arguing in front of our kids , " Jon said during Monday 's broadcast . "  I 'm not very fond of the idea , personally , " Kate said . "  But I know it 's necessary because my goal is peace for the kids . " iReport.com : Reality TV teaches real lesson Jon said he realized he had been "  too passive . " "  I just let her rule the roost and do whatever she wanted , " Jon said . "  Now I finally stood up on my own two feet and I 'm proud of myself . " Kate said that though she does n't hate Jon , their "  goals are different now . " "  I 'm tired of smiling on the outside while I 'm crying on the inside , " Kate said . "  I 've been doing that for a long time . " That might not surprise those who watch the show or follow their relationship in the media . Rumors have been swirling in tabloids and in other media outlets that the Gosselins ' marriage was in trouble . Monday 's episode was not short of tense moments between the couple . It began with the installation of "  crooked houses " -- outdoor mini-houses the kids helped design that the Gosselins put on their property -- and Jon and Kate 's disagreement as to where they should be placed . Jon cleared out a spot for the tiny homes , which was a little too far from the house for Kate 's comfort . "  Any flak that he receives turns into a huge blowup anymore , unfortunately , " Kate said . "  But I wanted to do the right thing for my kids , so I was caught again . " In the end , Kate won , and the houses were erected where she chose . The kids will continue living in their Wernersville , Pennsylvania , home , the couple said . Each parent will stay there during their time with them . When asked what worries her most , Kate said it 's "  the label that we 've failed , how that will affect our kids ... how they 'll be another statistic . " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 " to go on hiatus until August Gosselins announced separation on Monday 's show ; they 've filed for divorce Jon : "  It 's just not good for our kids to be arguing in front of our kids " Kate : "  I 'm tired of smiling on the outside while I 'm crying on the inside "
CNN  -- An Illinois man died from West Nile complications over the weekend as the United States battles its biggest spike in the virus since 2004 . William J. Mueller was hospitalized for two weeks and died Saturday , according to the website for the village of Lombard , a Chicago suburb . Mueller , 76 , was Lombard 's president , a post he held for almost two decades . This year 's U.S. outbreak of West Nile , which is spread through infected mosquitoes , is one of the worst since the virus was first detected in the United States in 1999 , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . At least 26 deaths and 693 cases in 32 states have been reported nationwide as of Tuesday evening , the CDC said . ' I knew my husband was going to go , ' West Nile widow says A West Nile virus epidemic in Texas prompted a judge to declare a state of emergency in Dallas County , where the disease has killed at least nine people . Insecticide spraying from planes will be offered to certain communities hit hard by the virus . "  Dallas had a very mild winter , we had a lot of rain -- we were very thankful for all the rain , because we had been part of the drought last year --  but  that combination is going to create a higher mosquito population , " Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings told CNN . Ebonie Conner is the mother of one of the Texas victims , 14-year-old Jordan , who is now being treated for West Nile symptoms . There are no medications to treat the virus or vaccines to prevent infection . "  The symptoms play peek-a-boo with you , " she told CNN , noting that her daughter 's symptoms began with a headache . "  Jordan has never really said she had a headache , so when the mention of a headache became complaint of a headache , I was very concerned . And when the complaint included vomiting -- well , the next day we had a doctor 's appointment . " They could n't wait for the doctor 's appointment . Jordan lapsed out of consciousness that night , so Conner took her daughter to the emergency room . Texas , Mississippi and Oklahoma have reported the most West Nile infections in people , birds or mosquitoes , according to the CDC , which lists a breakdown of infections by state . "  It is not clear why we are seeing more activity than in recent years , " said Marc Fischer , a medical epidemiologist at the CDC . "  Regardless of the reasons for the increase , people should be aware of the West Nile virus activity in their area and take action to protect themselves and their family . " Rawlings is advising Dallas residents to wear long sleeves , dark clothes and an insect repellent containing DEET . West Nile virus prompts health emergency in Dallas County "  Do n't go out at dusk , " he warned . "  That 's when the most  mosquito  activity is there . " In the United States , most infections occur from June to September and peak in August , according to the CDC . Symptoms include fever , headache , body aches , joint pains , vomiting , diarrhea or rash , the CDC said . People older than 50 and those with conditions such as cancer , diabetes and kidney disease or with organ transplants are at greater risk . Those with milder illnesses typically recover on their own , but those more seriously affected may need hospital care . Health experts say prevention measures include using insect repellent and getting rid of mosquito breeding sites . West Nile virus on the rise in the U.S. Conner said she never expected West Nile to be an issue for her family . "  We were just the most unlikely people that it could happen to , " Conner said . "  We were n't by standing water , and the kids were n't outside . " Amara Durham , a spokeswoman for Caron Texas , an alcohol and drug rehabilitation center north of Dallas , says she has a close friend who is now affected by the virus . "  I am no longer cavalier about this , " Durham said . The center where she works is also taking precautions with its patients , she said . "  We 've adjusted our schedules so that patients are n't out at dawn or dusk , " Durham said . "  We 're providing appropriate mosquito repellent . We 're telling our patients what ... to wear to avoid being bitten . We 're suspending activities near our lake . "  We 've done a lot for preventative measures as a business within a community impacted by it . " CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	William J. Mueller was hospitalized for two weeks and died Saturday At least 26 people have died across the United States , according to the CDC A West Nile virus epidemic prompts a public health emergency in the Dallas area The virus is transmitted through infected mosquitoes
Montreal 's Olympic Stadium is known as the "  Big O , " but for many of the city 's taxpayers it is really the "  Big Owe . " "  It took us 30 years to pay it off and as a taxpayer I 'm not too happy about it , " said one Montreal resident , echoing the anger that many here still feel about the way the games were funded in 1976 . "  It was not very well managed as a financial project . And we have a fabulous stadium , but I think it cost more than all the covered stadia in North America put together , " said Dick Pound , former International Olympic Committee vice-president and a prominent resident of the Canadian city . However , Pound said calling the Montreal games of 1976 "  the bankrupt Olympics " is a bad rap , and pointed out that the games actually made money . He said they paved the way for a new financial structure and the introduction of lucrative new television rights deals . People still come up to him and remember how well the Montreal games were staged and , in the end , how exciting they were , he added . "  They were pretty magic . All Olympics are magic but we had Comaneci with her first ' 10 ' and we had the Spinks brothers and we had Sugar Ray Leonard , " he said . "  I mean we had some magnificent heroes of the modern Olympics . " But there is weariness in Montreal about being known for staging the Olympic games that almost bankrupted a city . The city 's mayor at the time , Jean Drapeau , famously remarked that if the games end up having a deficit , men will have babies . And it was in large part due to the Olympic Stadium construction that the statement seems so ridiculous now . The Olympic debt was nearly US$ 1.48 billion , and the stadium itself has been an engineering nightmare -- the retractable roof has struggled to worked properly over the years and almost forced the closure of the entire arena last year amid safety concerns . But the city 's current government insists Montreal has put that legacy behind it and the Olympic stadium is now a key attraction . "  Now it is paid , and it 's profitable for Montreal to keep it , " said Manon Barbe , the councillor in charge of sports and leisure for the city . Barbe pointed out that the legacy of the games has created a sporting city that nurtures hundreds of elite athletes . "  Today Montreal has more than 1,000 elite athletics and more than 100 coaches . And if it 's that high , it 's not a coincidence . It is because we decided to keep most of our sporting facilities , " said Barbe . One of those facilities is the Claude Robillard Sporting Center , an impressive training facility for more than a dozen sports that nurtures athletes of all ages . During the 76 ' games , the center hosted handball and water polo and was a training center for athletics , swimming and field hockey . Today , hundreds of aspiring athletes receive access to coaching and equipment , much of it subsidized by the city of Montreal . On most days you will find former Canadian Olympian Hank Palmer here on the track , either indoors or outdoors , or training in the pool or weights room . "  If I did n't have this center , I probably would n't be at the peak I am , I would not have the career I 've been able to have , " said the sprinter , who competed at the Beijing Olympics in 2008 . "  This center really helped me develop myself , not only as a track athlete but an athlete in general because I have so many other sports around me . "  I can cross-train , do basketball , soccer , weight training , anything . "	The 1976 Montreal Olympics almost left the city bankrupt with its US$ 1.48 billion-price tag But former IOC vice-president Dick Pound said the games were hailed as a sporting success The city retained and invested in its sporting facilities long after the Olympics finished
CNN  -- If the latest audio recording attributed to Donald Sterling is the real deal , the L.A. Clippers owner is denying he 's a racist -- and does n't appear ready to submit to demands to sell the team . "  You think I 'm a racist ? " a man purported to be Sterling says in a recording posted Thursday morning by RadarOnline.com . "  You think I have anything in the world but love for everybody ? You do n't think that . You know I 'm not a racist . " CNN can not independently confirm that the speaker is Sterling . Sterling has been banned for life from the team 's day-to-day operations and facilities and was fined $ 2.5 million last week for racist comments that were recorded and posted online late last month . NBA Commissioner Adam Silver has asked the other 29 NBA owners to force Sterling , the longest-tenured owner in the league , to sell the Clippers . In the tape posted Thursday , a second man says "  they 're trying to force you to sell . " "  You ca n't force someone to sell property in America , " responds the man who RadarOnline.com says is Sterling . "  Well , I 'm a lawyer , that 's my opinion . " RadarOnline.com 's post does n't say when the recording was made or identify the second man heard in it . Sterling , a lawyer and billionaire real-estate investor , has not issued a public statement since the celebrity gossip website TMZ posted a 10-minute audio recording in which he chastises V. Stiviano for posting pictures on Instagram in which she poses with African-Americans , including basketball Hall of Famer Earvin "  Magic " Johnson . Sterling made the comments during an argument he had with Stiviano on April 9 , according to TMZ . "  In your lousy f ** ing Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " he says . "  If it 's white people , it 's OK ? " she responds . "  If it was Larry Bird , would it make a difference ? " The matter of the team 's sale is with the NBA 's Advisory/Finance Committee , which met Wednesday on a conference call . Members discussed the "  termination of Mr. Sterling 's ownership of the team , " the NBA said in a news release . The committee will meet again next week , the statement said . If the case proceeds to a full vote , 75 % of the owners would have to approve the forced sale . Wife wants to retain her ownership share However , Pierce O'Donnell , attorney for Donald Sterling 's estranged wife , Shelly , told CNN that she wants to keep her 50 % stake in the team and they have been talking by phone with NBA officials . She wants to bring in an investment group to buy her husband 's half of the franchise . "  She would not be in a managing position , but she would be a co-owner , " O'Donnell said , adding they plan to meet in person with league officials soon . Technically the team is now owned by the Sterling family 's trust , with Donald and Shelly Sterling serving as co-trustees . Their two children are named as beneficiaries . During his news conference announcing Donald Sterling 's lifetime ban , Silver was asked if there would be sanctions against Shelly Sterling . "  No , there have been no decisions about other members of the Sterling family , and I should say that this ruling applies specifically to Donald Sterling and Donald Sterling 's conduct only , " Silver said . Shelly Sterling has n't done anything wrong , O'Donnell said . "  The truth of the matter is that Mrs. Sterling has denounced in the strongest terms possible her husband 's racist comments , " he told CNN . "  Totally disassociated . " The Sterlings have not lived together for more than a year . Shelly Sterling is "  weighing her options " as to whether she wants a divorce , O'Donnell said . He also said she categorically denied making any racist statements as alleged in court documents filed when the couple was sued for discrimination at their apartment buildings . Those cases were settled out of court . "  Mrs. Sterling is a wonderful woman and does n't have any racial animus , " he said . While her husband is banned from NBA arenas , Shelly Sterling has attended some of the Clippers playoff games since the scandal unfolded . CNN 's Stephanie Elam , Ray Sanchez and Chris Isidore contributed to this report .	NEW : Shelly Sterling 's attorney says she wants investment group to buy half of the team NEW : Pierce O'Donnell says Shelly Sterling has no racist feelings RadarOnline.com releases audio of man it says is Clippers owner Donald Sterling Man on recording denies he 's a racist
You probably wo n't see executives from Comcast and Netflix cozying up at some corporate event anytime soon . In its second such complaint this week , Netflix told U.S. Sen. Al Franken that Comcast 's takeover of Time Warner Cable would give the merged cable behemoth the leverage to extract higher fees from content providers , costs that would ultimately be passed on to consumers . "  The proposed merger will result in online video content providers paying higher prices for access to Comcast customers or delivering poorer service to customers who depend on Comcast for broadband access , " wrote Netflix Vice President Christopher Libertelli in a letter to Franken . "  Ultimately , competition and consumers will suffer , " he continued in the letter , made public by Franken 's office Thursday . "  That is why Netflix opposes the merger . " Netflix 's letter to Franken came on the heels of its Monday letter to shareholders , in which CEO Reed Hastings and CFO David Wells argued a merged Comcast-TWC could "  charge arbitrary interconnection tolls for access to their customers . " Of course , Netflix is no impartial observer in this deal . The company pays Comcast for access to its vast network of U.S. cable subscribers and does not want to absorb any fee hikes imposed by a newly dominant Comcast-TWC . Comcast fired back this week , accusing Netflix of distorting the facts . "  Netflix should be transparent that its opinion is not about protecting the consumer or about Net Neutrality , " said Comcast senior Vice President Jennifer Khoury in a rebuttal posted online . "  Rather , it 's about improving Netflix 's business model by shifting costs that it has always borne to all users of the Internet and not just to Netflix customers . " The dispute comes as the Federal Communications Commission is proposing new rules that would allow Internet providers such as Comcast to create a "  fast lane " for certain websites and services . The rules have drawn fire from advocates of net neutrality , the concept that access to the Internet should be equal for everyone . With Franken , Netflix may be preaching to the choir . The senator from Minnesota has been a vocal critic of the Comcast takeover . "  The danger in allowing Comcast to accrue even more power is not purely hypothetical . The company is already using its dominant position to dictate terms to content providers seeking to reach its 20 million customers , " Franken wrote in an opinion piece published on CNN.com earlier this month . Franken has no real say in whether the $ 45 billion merger will be approved , however . That power rests with the Department of Justice and the FCC , whose regulators must decide whether the deal violates antitrust laws . A combined Comcast-Time Warner Cable would bring cable or Internet service to about 30 % of American subscribers and serve 19 of the country 's 20 largest metropolitan regions . That would bolster Comcast 's current status as the nation 's largest TV , Internet and home phone provider .	Netflix sent U.S. Sen. Al Franken a letter opposing Comcast 's takeover of Time Warner Cable Netflix fears merger would give Comcast-TWC leverage to extract higher fees Comcast accuses Netflix of distorting the facts Federal regulators must decide whether the proposed deal can go through
CNN  -- When it comes to animals , it seems people like to watch just about anything give birth . That includes an Airville , Pennsylvania , horse named Stormy . It 's been over two weeks since Stormy 's owner , Jodie Otte , flipped on a streaming webcam inside the horse 's stable so she and her 14-year-old daughter would n't miss the birth . But soon there were thousands of eyes watching Stormy 's every move over the Internet , waiting for her foal to arrive . The cream and white mare , who gave birth to a filly early Tuesday -- days past her due date -- has drawn the attention of horse enthusiasts , parents and children around the world . Stormy 's live webcam feed is hosted on Mare Stare , a site devoted to hosting webcam videos that feature horses giving birth and show foals standing , eating and playing for the very first time . Otte says the first day the 18-year-old horse 's webcam went live , it got more than 10,000 hits on Mare Stare . A friend of Otte 's posted a screenshot from the webcam on CNN iReport , where it in turn got 18,000 views . Man leaves $ 1,000 tip for dog 's surgery Otte , an accountant and photographer who lives in nearby Norrisville , Maryland , said she and her close friends all understand the humor and slight absurdity in Stormy 's unexpected popularity . "  It 's nuts . If my feed goes down people call me at work , " she said . "  I have no idea why people are so into Stormy , but I think it 's the miracle of birth , " Otte said . Sandra Armenteros , a close friend and photography colleague of Otte 's who shared the story on iReport , has been closely tracking the horse 's rise to stardom . "  The first international fans came from Canada and Australia , where we have colleagues . After that , it really took off . The world is literally watching this horse . " One family that eagerly awaited Stormy 's delivery was the Bielawski family in Goshen , New York . Jamie Bielawski , another friend of Otte 's , home-schools her four daughters , ages 7 to 11 . She started showing her girls Stormy 's webcam feed after Otte opened the webcam up to the public . Photos : Animals in the snow "  I wanted the girls to experience a horse be born , " she said Tuesday . "  A lot of kids today go to Walmart and see a chicken come from a package and that it comes from Perdue , but I want my kids to understand the environment and animals and what animals go through . " She has made the webcam a learning experience for her girls , teaching them about horse anatomy and the science behind pregnancy . "  When they wake up they do n't say , ` Has the foal been born yet ? ' They ask , ` Is the sac showing yet ? Are the hooves showing ? ' They know the process of a horse 's birth , " she said . Her 9-year-old daughter , Andie , loves watching Stormy with her sisters on their smartphone , and they 'll pass it around to see how the mare is doing . "  It is cool watching an animal give birth , " Andie said . "  I am excited to see what the baby will look like . I hope it happens soon . " Stormy 's foal took its time to leave the womb , which made some viewers impatient . "  I stayed up till 4 a.m. watching last night ! So tired right now ! The royal baby was n't this anticipated , " Gemma Reeve of London wrote on Otte 's Facebook page , which has pictures of Stormy with her foal , a filly . Cooling off in the dog days of summer Another commenter said the webcam feed was becoming an endless loop . "  This is like the movie ` Groundhog Day . ' We might all start to lose it like Bill Murray soon , " Kelly Barclay wrote . Some people blamed the worldwide exposure for Stormy 's delay in delivery . On Mare Stare 's Facebook page , one commenter wrote , "  Poor mare is holding back on foaling because there are way too many people hanging out around her . " This is n't the first time an animal 's health has gripped the attention of thousands of Internet fans . Scores of people were outraged when the National Zoo 's panda cam was turned off during the 2013 U.S. government shutdown . And Reddit 's community clung anxiously to updates from a Navy hospital corpsman who saved four orphaned rabbits and nursed them back to health . The nests of various birds of prey have drawn avid audiences to watch eggs hatch and chicks grow up . Stormy 's baby , Pixie , was born early Tuesday to much fanfare . "  So glad I have this iPad mini , I keep checking during the night , " Wendy Puthuff anxiously wrote on Facebook on Monday evening . Sadly , after all the watching and waiting , Puthuff missed the big moment . "  Fell asleep with my iPad after midnight , woke up just now and I missed it , " Puthuff posted around 6:30 a.m. Tuesday . "  Anyone record it ? " CNN 's Henry Hanks and Daphne Sashin contributed to this story .	Thousands watched and waited for a horse , Stormy , to give birth on webcam Mare Stare is a site devoted to livestreaming videos of horses giving birth "  It 's nuts . If my feed goes down people call me at work , " says horse 's owner Stormy gave birth to a foal early Tuesday morning
December 12 , 2013 On Thursday , CNN Student News gives viewers a ground-level view of the tension on the streets of Ukraine 's capital , and we explain why many Ukrainians are not protesting . After following up on some recent stories , we reveal the 2013 TIME Person of the Year , and we discuss why some people preferred the runner-up . Plus , we meet a young entrepreneur and a homeless man who teamed up to develop an environmental app . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why might other news organizations cover TIME 's Person of the Year ? Should they ? Explain . Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Pope Francis 2 . mobile app 3 . vaccine Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . According to the report , why is Ukraine politically divided ? What is the capital of Ukraine ? What happened during recent protests there ? 2 . What did three New York courts decide regarding an effort to get chimpanzees some of the same rights as humans ? What action does the Nonhuman Rights Project say it will take next ? 3 . Describe the rapport between software engineer Patrick McConlogue and software developer Leo Grand . What is the purpose of the app he developed ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What are your thoughts on TIME 's Person of the Year for 2013 ? What benefits and risks might come with choosing a "  person of the year " ? What would be your criteria for your person of the year ? Whom would you select ? 2 . What is your opinion of what Merrill Newman said about a statement he gave in North Korea ? 3 . What characteristics of homeless coder Leo Grand stand out to you ? Why do you think he chose to develop an app aimed at helping the environment ? If you could develop a mobile app , what would it do ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : EuropeUkraine FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Al Qaeda 's leadership has sent experienced jihadists to Libya in an effort to build a fighting force there , according to a Libyan source briefed by Western counter-terrorism officials . The jihadists include one veteran fighter who had been detained in Britain on suspicion of terrorism . The source describes him as committed to al Qaeda 's global cause and to attacking U.S. interests . The source told CNN that the al Qaeda leader , Ayman al-Zawahiri , personally dispatched the former British detainee to Libya earlier this year as the Gadhafi regime lost control of large swathes of the country . The man arrived in Libya in May and has since begun recruiting fighters in the eastern region of the country , near the Egyptian border . He now has some 200 fighters mobilized , the source added . Western intelligence agencies are aware of his activities , according to the source . GPS : Rebuilding the ruins of Gadhafi Another al Qaeda operative , of dual European-Libyan nationality , was arrested in an unnamed country on his way to Libya from the Afghan-Pakistan border region . The individual now trying to establish a bridgehead for al Qaeda in Libya is known as "  AA . " His name has not been made public because of UK law on terrorist suspects who are detained but not charged . "  AA " has been close to Ayman al-Zawahiri since the 1980s and first traveled to Afghanistan in the early 1990s to join mujahideen fighting the Soviet occupation -- as did hundreds of Arab fighters . "  AA " later moved to the United Kingdom , where he began spreading al Qaeda 's ideology to younger Muslims . He was an admirer of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , who emerged as leader of al Qaeda in Iraq after the U.S. invasion and who led an especially brutal campaign that targeted civilians and promoted sectarian hatred between Sunni and Shia Muslims . War crimes court leaves Gadhafi inquiry up to Libya After the terrorist attacks in London in July 2005 , heightened concern about terrorist activities in the UK led to the arrest of a number of Libyans resident in England . "  AA " was detained under what was termed a "  control order , " a mechanism used to detain terrorist suspects -- usually under home arrest -- without charging them . Control orders have been used in dozens of cases where the government does not want to reveal evidence in court for fear of compromising security sources . Those subject to control orders are not named by authorities . "  AA " also spent some time in Belmarsh high-security jail in the UK in 2006-07 , possibly because he was seen as a flight-risk . It is also possible , according to the source , that he was resisting legal moves to have him deported to Libya . At the time , relations between the Gadhafi regime and the United Kingdom were improving , and Libyan authorities were seeking the deportation of opponents . At some point the control order lapsed , and "  AA " left Britain late in 2009 and went back to the Afghan-Pakistan border area -- taking two teenagers with him . One was subsequently killed . Western intelligence agencies have voiced concern in public and privately about the potential for Islamist extremists and especially al Qaeda to gain a foothold in Libya . The al Qaeda leadership has included several Libyans -- among them Atiyah Abd al-Rahman , who was killed in August , and Abu Yahya al-Libi . In a video message to fellow Libyans distributed on jihadist forums earlier this month , al-Libi said : "  At this crossroads you have found yourselves , you either choose a secular regime that pleases the greedy crocodiles of the West and for them to use it as a means to fulfill their goals , or you take a strong position and establish the religion of Allah . " Militant groups have long had a presence in eastern Libya , even if they were ruthlessly suppressed by the Gadhafi regime . Al Qaeda documents discovered in Iraq in 2006 showed that many of the fighters who had joined the insurgency had come from eastern Libya . And a U.S. diplomatic cable from 2008 -- published this year by WikiLeaks -- told of support for extremist Islamist views in the town of Derna , which is close to where "  AA " has established a presence . Entitled "  Die Hard in Derna " the cable describes the town as a "  wellspring of Libyan foreign fighters " for al Qaeda in Iraq . The diplomat who traveled to Derna quoted a local businessman who had "  likened young men in the town to Bruce Willis ' character in the action picture ` Die Hard , ' who stubbornly refused to die quietly . For them , resistance against coalition forces in Iraq is an important act of ` jihad ' and a last act of defiance against the Gadhafi regime . " High youth unemployment , discrimination by the Gadhafi regime and the influence of veteran Libyan jihadists from Afghanistan all played a role in radicalizing a new generation . "  It 's jihad -- it 's our duty , and you 're talking about people who do n't have much else to be proud of , " the businessman said .	A source tells CNN that al Qaeda 's leadership is mobilizing forces in eastern Libya Source : Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri personally dispatched one jihadist to Libya The man has been recruiting , and now has some 200 fighters mobilized , the source says Source : The man is committed to al Qaeda 's global cause and to attacking U.S. interests
Six numbers have the power to change your life . Maybe your kid is sick and there are hospital bills to pay . Maybe you 've lost your job and you 're worried about making rent . Maybe you still have a job , but it sucks , and you 'd really like to spend the next 50 years lying on a beach with a mai tai in hand . Whatever your predicament , the current estimated Powerball jackpot of $ 600 million could fix it . Which makes us wonder -- when it comes to playing the lottery , are we all just damsels in distress ? "  Because we 're in a recession , people love to have a rescue fantasy , " human behavior expert Dr. Wendy Walsh told CNN last year when the Mega Millions jackpot hit $ 656 million . "  We have the Cinderella complex -- there 's a fairy godmother who 's going to come in and save us . " We 've all heard the statistics . Your chances of winning the Powerball jackpot are about one in 175.2 million . You 're more likely to die from a bee sting  one in 6.1 million  , be struck by lightning  one in 3 million  or have conjoined twins  one in 200,000  . But people keep playing -- most likely because the thought of winning $ 550 million is much more fun than the thought of being attacked by a shark  one in 11.5 million  . "  It does n't faze them because they 're in love with hope , " Walsh said . In 2010 , U.S. lottery sales totaled $ 58 billion , according to the North American Association of State and Provincial Lotteries . More than half of us have played the lottery in the last year , although 20 % of customers buy the majority of the tickets . Winning brings major life change Part of the allure is that everyone else is doing it , said Dr. Stephen Goldbart , author of "  Affluence Intelligence " and co-director of the Money , Meaning & Choices Institute . In a Psychology Today article titled "  Lottery-itis ! " Goldbart noted two main reasons why people buy tickets . "  Jumping on the bandwagon is an age-old motivator of psychological behavior , " wrote Goldbart and his colleague , Joan DiFuria . "  We want to be with the in-crowd , to be ` part of the movement , ' not ` feel left out . ' " The second reason stems from a sense of disempowerment that comes with change -- whether it 's a changing economy or a changing world . "  The map to finding the American Dream has been radically altered , " they wrote . "  The lottery  lets you believe in magic : that you will be the one who spent a little and got a lot ; that you will defy the extraordinary odds against winning . " NAACP fights to ban Texas lottery Spend a little , get a lot -- the basis for every good investment . The low cost of a lottery ticket is one of the most seductive things about it . The lottery industry is often criticized for being an unfair tax on the poor . On average , households that make less than $ 12,400 a year spend 5 % of their income on lotteries , according to Wired . In 2008 , researchers at Carnegie Mellon University attempted to explain why the poor are more likely to buy lottery tickets . The study , published in the Journal of Behavioral Decision Making , theorized that people focus on the cost-to-benefit ratio of a single ticket rather than add up the long-term cost of playing over a year , or a lifetime . Some study participants were given $ 1 at a time and asked if they wanted to spend each dollar on a lottery ticket , author George Loewenstein said . Others were given $ 5 and asked how many tickets they wanted to buy with the money . Members of a third group were told they could either spend $ 5 on lottery tickets or buy none at all . Ted Talks : How to buy happiness People in the second group bought half as many as those given $ 1 at a time . In the all-or-nothing scenario , 87 % of the study participants purchased zero tickets . The researchers ' findings were consistent with something known as the "  peanuts effect . " "  There are money amounts that are small enough that people almost ignore them , " Loewenstein said Wednesday . "  It almost does n't feel real . The lottery and penny slots are kind of the sweet spot of risk taking . They 're really cheap , really inexpensive to play , but there 's a big possible upside . " Still , to say that playing the lottery is a bad idea does n't sit well with the professor of economics and psychology . "  It 's ridiculous to say that 51 % of the population is just irrational or self-destructive , " he said . "  It serves a psychological function for people . ... Our pleasure of living is not only based on our current situation , but what could be , what we can imagine our situation could become . " Irrational or not , millions will sit around their TV and computer screens Wednesday night , praying that the six numbers they 're clutching will appear . They 're optimistic that the fairy-tale ending they 've been waiting for will come , even if it takes a little magic . Does winning the lottery guarantee happiness ?	Powerball drawing set for Saturday night ; jackpot estimated at $ 600 million Chances of winning are one in 175.2 million , according to Powerball Part of the allure is that everyone else is buying tickets , experts say
CNN  -- Winning a gold medal is the pinnacle of any Olympic athlete 's career , and most have to be happy for the chance to participate on sport 's biggest stage . For Nicol David , however , time is running out . The Malaysian is the top-ranked women 's squash player and a six-time world champion , but she has never competed at the Games . So , at the age of 28 , she is trying to rectify the situation before it 's too late . Squash has never been an Olympic sport , and it failed in its bid to be one of the 36 included at London 2012 -- and in Rio in four years ' time , when its application was rejected while golf and rugby succeeded . However , David is fronting a campaign which aims to secure squash a place in the 2020 program and thus achieve her lifelong ambition . "  After the world championships last year I was asked how much I wanted to be part of the Games , " she told CNN . "  I said I would trade all six of my world titles for just one Olympic gold medal . Every world title means the world to me , so that 's how important the Olympics is in my heart . " But , due to the way the International Olympic Committee  IOC  decides which sports enter the Games , the dreams of an athlete in another discipline must be shattered for David 's to come true . In order to maintain the Olympics ' prestige , and ensure it is still feasible for one city to host all of the events , the IOC will only introduce a new sport if an existing one is removed from the program . "  You have a long list of sports trying to get onto the program because it is their one way to showcase their sport to the world , " explains former IOC marketing director Michael Payne . "  The IOC undertakes a very detailed technical analysis to understand the popularity of the sport , the number of players , infrastructure , TV , media and then finally takes a vote to decide which new sport is welcomed onto the program . " There is one man who knows more than most what it takes to convince the IOC of a sport 's Olympic worth . Mike Lee is the chairman of Verocom , an organization which has successfully overseen campaigns to bring the Games to Rio in 2016 , the Winter Olympics to Pyongchang in 2018 and the FIFA World Cup to Qatar in 2022 . Lee and his team also navigated a course which gained rugby sevens acceptance into the 2016 Games . In makes perfect sense , then , for Verocom to spearhead squash 's Olympic bid . "  You have to look in considerable detail at , not just the sport itself , what it might offer to the Olympic Games , what it brings to the Olympic program , " said Lee , former director of communications and public affairs for London 2012 's successful bid . "  What do you offer to the Olympic experience ? What is it your sport will do to enhance the Games , in a way which is also in line with the spirit and the values of the Games ? " In a manner of speaking , squash has been sexed up in a bid to make itself more attractive to the IOC , making vibrant changes to the courts and apparatus . "  The sport has worked very hard to innovate , to make it much more fan and broadcast friendly , from all-glass courts to the camera positions , to the use of a video review system and a white ball , " he said . "  They 're now experimenting with glass floors . This is a sport that has moved itself considerably over the last few years . It has been on the basis of making itself more friendly to the spectators at the event or the viewers on television . " A wide variety of sports are covered within the Games , from BMX to equestrian , catering to tastes and interests from all over the world . If squash is to enter the "  greatest show on Earth , " it will have to fend off fierce competition . "  Softball and baseball , which came out of the Games for London , karate , roller sports , sports climbing , wakeboarding , wushu  a martial art  and the sport which comes out of the Games , " replied World Squash CEO Andrew Shelley when asked about its rivals . "  We 've bid twice before . Whilst we were n't perhaps ready , we had a lot of very good advice from the IOC and we 've learned a lot from them . "  This time the process is very clear . There is one place available due to the taking out of a sport by the IOC after the Games in London . "  Our sport is scrutinized and evaluated alongside all the other candidates . If we 're fortunate , we come out on top at the meeting in Buenos Aires in 2013 . " Squash will hope to follow in the footsteps of rugby sevens and golf , which have been added to the program for the Games ' South American debut in Rio . "  Rugby sevens was looked at as a very professional campaign , " Lee said . "  One of the keys was how a tournament over two or three days would enhance the Olympic Games . "  It 's not difficult to stage , as long as you 've got stadia . It does n't have to be a rugby stadium , it can be played in many types of stadiums . It 's something which is very attractive to young people and the party atmosphere which goes with it . " So what would squash bring to the Games which is not already on offer ? "  Squash is a worldwide sport , " Shelley said . "  We have world champions from all continents and it is played in 185 countries . It is a sport we feel will add something to the Olympics , as well as being a great opportunity for our athletes . "  There was an IOC official many years ago who told me , ` You 've got to wait until the train comes into the station and stops . When it does , you 've got to be ready . ' We 're ready , we 're just waiting for the train now . " Even if squash is given the green light in Buenos Aires next year , it may come too late for David to reap the rewards of her enthusiastic work . But , whatever the future has in store for her , she is determined to see squash elevated to the pantheon of Olympic sports . "  It 's a dream of mine to be part of the Games , " she said . "  I 'm going to do whatever it takes to get in there . I want to do whatever I can to get there and get squash in there as well . "  Whatever happens , I 'll keep working hard because I want to see squash in there someday . If it is not this time , hopefully the next time . "	Squash is one of the sports bidding to be part of the 2020 Olympic Games Nicol David is a six-time world champion hope to compete for a gold medal at the Games Verocom are heading the campaign , having help Rio win the 2016 Games A decision on which sport will enter in 2020 will be made in Buenos Aires next year
CNN  -- The pilot of a tanker that crashed into the San Francisco Bay Bridge in 2007 , causing a major oil spill , was under the influence of multiple prescription medications that impaired his judgment , federal officials said in a report Wednesday . The November 2007 crash left a gash in the tanker 's side and led to an oil spill that killed more than 2,000 birds . The National Transportation Safety Board said the pilot of the Hong Kong-registered Cosco Busan , was "  medically unfit " on November 7 , 2007 . That , and a master pilot 's poor oversight of his performance , were major factors in the crash that dumped 53,000 gallons of oil into the bay , the NTSB said . "  How a man who was taking a half-dozen impairing prescription medications got to stand on the bridge of a 68,000-ton ship and give directions to guide the vessel through a foggy bay and under a busy highway bridge is very troubling , " said acting NTSB Chairman Mark V. Rosenker . The pilot , John Cota , was charged with criminal negligence in federal court last year . He faces two misdemeanor charges that could result in up to 18 months in prison and $ 115,000 in fines . The 901-foot ship left Oakland , California , en route to South Korea when Cota gave orders that steered the ship directly toward a support tower on the bridge . While the ship avoided a direct hit , it hit a support system at the tower 's base , cutting a 212-foot gash in the ship 's side , the NTSB said . The board ruled that Cota and Chinese master pilot Mao Cai Sun never thoroughly discussed a plan before they took off on a foggy night when visibility was less than a quarter-mile . The oil spill killed about 2,500 birds of 50 different species , according to the report . The crash caused more than $ 70 million in environmental cleanup costs , $ 2 million in damage to the ship and $ 1.5 million in damage to the bridge . The report also blamed the ship 's operator , Fleet Management Ltd. , for not properly training crew members and the U.S. Coast Guard for not providing adequate medical oversight of the pilot . It said the Coast Guard should have revoked the pilot 's license , the pilot should have given a meaningful pre-departure briefing about plans for the voyage and the master pilot should have taken a more active role in ensuring the ship 's safety . "  There was a lack of competence in so many areas that this accident seemed almost inevitable , " Rosenker said .	Pilot of tanker that struck San Francisco Bay Bridge "  medically unfit , " NTSB says Man was taking "  a half-dozen impairing prescription medications , " report says Crash in 2007 caused oil spill that killed about 2,500 birds , NTSB says Supervisor 's poor oversight also cited as factor in NTSB report
CNN  -- There was time , a generation ago , when it was hardly insanity -- or , to use the operative word here , Linsanity -- for the NBA team in New York to play an unselfish style of basketball . It was simply called "  playing the game the right way , " and the Knicks did it better than anyone . Fifteen years before Jeremy Lin was born , they built their franchise on the principles their new star has brought to the team over the 12 days since the Harvard graduate broke into the starting lineup and captivated the nation . Make the extra pass . Do n't worry about individual statistics . The championship Knicks of 1970 and 1973 had plenty of talent -- there were a combined six Hall of Famers on their rosters and one , head coach Red Holzman , on the bench -- but they put aside their egos for the betterment of the team . They won as a group , not as individuals , and in the process became the pride of a struggling city in the early '70s . The stars of those teams -- Walt Frazier , Willis Reed , Bill Bradley , Dave DeBusschere , Jerry Lucas and Earl Monroe -- could appreciate the way the Knicks have transformed with Lin as point guard . "  What I would say to young fans is , ` Close your eyes and imagine five Jeremy Lins on a team -- that 's what those teams were like , " said Harvey Araton , author of the recent book "  When the Garden was Eden " on those great teams . "  Lin is a 21st century carryover of what the old Knicks brought to the city . " Now fans have to wonder : Will the return to the team first style under Lin stick for the long term , especially with superstar Carmelo Anthony expected to return to the lineup this weekend ? And can it help end a championship drought for the Knicks that dates back to that 1973 title ? So much about Lin 's incredible story has focused on what he could do . He could knock down the stereotype that Asian-Americans ca n't excel at team sports , opening opportunities for countless others . He could become a marketing force generating tens of millions a year -- and , with his picture on the cover of Sports Illustrated , is already on his way to becoming an international star . The NBA even added him to its All-Star weekend because of the enormous interest . He could dramatically increase the bottom line for the big-market Knicks , with the team 's parent company already having seen its valuation increase $ 71 million since he jumped into the starting lineup and ignited a seven-game winning streak . But head coach Mike D'Antoni is more focused on how his presence has dramatically changed the chemistry of a middling basketball team , turning the Knicks from a tough-to-watch unit into something more fitting their home address just off Broadway . SI : Inside the Knicks playbook The Knicks are still just 15-15 , a long way from the elite teams in the NBA . But they have been playing a pretty brand of basketball since Lin took the reins as point guard . "  He 's changed everything , " D'Antoni said an hour before the new-look Knicks beat the Sacramento Kings , 100-85 . "  Everybody knows what they 're supposed to do and how they should act . Nobody looks at stats and nobody cares about that . It 's a great feeling as a coach to have a group like that . " It is what every basketball coach wants : A team that is stronger than its five individual parts . But for years , with few exceptions , the Knicks have put predictable , star-driven teams on the floor , living and dying on the abilities of a couple of great players rather than an entire unit . With Lin , that 's changed . In the win over the Kings , the Knicks were a balanced and unselfish team -- the top eight players scored between nine and 15 points -- with Lin leading the way with a career-high 13 assists to go along with his 10 points . Lin became a national story when he torched the Los Angeles Lakers for 38 points , but he said he 'd rather be a true point guard in the mold of a Steve Nash or a Jason Kidd , one who passes first and scores when the opportunity is there . It 's what the Knicks hope to get from him . "  As a point guard , my field-goal attempts have been really high , " Lin said after hitting just four of six . "  I do n't think that 's necessarily good . I think it 's my job to distribute and get people in a rhythm . " So how does Anthony fit in ? Lin has won over the desperate fan base of this franchise so quickly and dramatically that the return of a superstar to the lineup has been met with worry , not excitement . Anthony arrived from Denver in a blockbuster trade just a year ago as the player who was supposed to deliver a title to a franchise that has n't even won a playoff series since 2000 . The small forward is a five-time All-Star who led the Nuggets to the playoffs every year from 2004-2010 , averaging 24.8 points a game over his nine-year career . But he also has the reputation as a player who needs -- and demands -- the ball in his hands , one who routinely takes more than 20 shots a game . Can he fit in with Lin ? He was insulted at the question . "  That 's like a slap in the face , " Anthony said when asked by ESPN if he was a selfish player . "  None of my teammates I 've ever played with would say that I was a selfish player . Nobody . " Anthony has a point . He won a national championship at Syracuse elevating his teammates and , while playing alongside LeBron James and Dwyane Wade at the Beijing Olympics in 2008 , took a complementary role for the benefit of the team 's gold-medal pursuit . He is also smart enough to have watched the Linsanity unfold in Manhattan and to know that any player who stalls this movement will not be treated kindly by the fans at Madison Square Garden . Anthony insists he 'll adjust , and that the Knicks will be a better team when he 's back . Lin , for one , is not worried . "  He 's a lethal scorer , " Lin said , "  and he runs the pick-and-roll so well . We will probably be on opposite sides on the offense and when we swing-swing the ball and set up plays off the pick-and-roll ... " He let the sentence trail off , but fans understand the potential . There 's no telling how far the Knicks can go if Anthony and his teammates are willing to put aside their egos for the betterment of the team . This team will captivate the city with selfless basketball . And , as any old school Knicks fan can tell you , it wo n't be the first time it 's happened .	Steve Politi says Lin represents "  team first " style the Knicks exhibited a generation ago He says in the '70s , the Knicks "  put aside their egos for the betterment of the team " Politi on Knicks : "  This team will captivate the city with selfless basketball "
CNN  -- Robin Beaton found out last June she had an aggressive form of breast cancer and needed surgery -- immediately . Robin Beaton , 59 , found out just days before her mastectomy that her insurance provider would not cover the procedure . Her insurance carrier precertified her for a double mastectomy and hospital stay . But three days before the operation , the insurance company called and told her they had red-flagged her chart and she would not be able to have her surgery . The reason ? In May 2008 , Beaton had visited a dermatologist for acne . A word written on her chart was interpreted to mean precancerous , so the insurance company decided to launch an investigation into her medical history . Beaton 's dermatologist begged her insurance provider to go ahead with the surgery . "  He said , ` This is a misunderstanding . This is not precancerous . All she has is acne . ' ... He said , ` Please do n't hold up her cancer surgery for this , ' " Beaton , 59 , said as she testified at a House subcommittee hearing on the terminations of individual health policies by insurance companies . Still , the insurance carrier decided to rescind her coverage . The company said it had reviewed her medical records and found out that she had misinformed them about some of her medical history . Beaton had listed her weight incorrectly . She also did n't disclose medication she had taken for a pre-existing heart condition -- medicine she was n't taking when she originally applied for coverage . "  I did n't know what to do . The hospital wanted a $ 30,000 deposit . I was by myself . I did n't have that kind of money , " Beaton said through tears . "  Can you imagine , having to walk around with cancer growing in your body ? With no insurance . It 's the most terrifying thing in the world to not have anybody to turn to or anywhere to go . " Beaton , who worked as a registered nurse for three decades , charged that the insurance company "  searched high and low " to pull out anything on her so that they would not have to pay for her surgery . Beaton turned to Texas Rep. Joe Barton for help . Barton said his staff went to work , but the insurance company , he said , was "  unyielding . " Barton appealed to the company 's president , who promised to investigate personally . The president called Barton back within four hours and said the coverage would be reinstated . Beaton underwent surgery in October , but by then her tumor had grown from two to three centimeters to seven . She had to have all the lymph nodes removed in her arm . Beaton is one of more than 16 million Americans who have individual health insurance policies . She and two others testified Tuesday about their experiences with insurance rescission . The witnesses charged that insurance applications are purposely long and confusing , and that companies look for any discrepancy to avoid covering expensive treatments . The hearing , which was a result of a yearlong congressional investigation in the individual insurance market , examined "  post-claims underwriting , " a process by which insurance carriers cancel an individual 's policy after providers submit claims for medical services they received . "  Overall , what we found is that the market for individual health insurance in the United States is fundamentally flawed , " said Rep. Henry Waxman , the chairman of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce . One of the witnesses , Wittney Horton , said her coverage was canceled after her carrier said she did not disclose that she had taken a drug prescribed for weight loss and because of her irregular menstrual cycle . Her carrier sent her a letter saying they would not have accepted her had they known she had "  polycystic ovaries , " a condition she did not know she had . Peggy Raddatz testified on behalf of her brother , who was diagnosed with stage four non-Hodgkin 's type lymphoma . In the midst of his chemotherapy treatment , his coverage was rescinded and he was not able to receive the stem cell transplant needed to save his life . Raddatz 's brother was told his coverage was canceled for failing to disclose that , unknown to him , a doctor had once noted in his file that a CT scan showed a small aneurysm and some insignificant gallstones . Peggy Raddatz worked with the Illinois attorney general 's office and eventually was able , after two appeals , to get her brother 's coverage reinstated . Insurance companies argue rescissions are relatively rare , but Waxman said the practice saved the companies $ 300 million over the past five years . Waxman said he and the insurers agree the solution to the rescission problem is to pass comprehensive health reform legislation . The CEOs of Assurant Health , UnitedHealth Groups ' Golden Rule Insurance Co. and WellPoint 's Consumer Business also testified at the hearing . Don Hamm , the CEO of Assurant Health , said his company regrets the "  necessity of even a single rescission . " He said the company has a fair rescission investigation process : When the company becomes aware of a pre-existing condition that was not disclosed on a person 's application , a senior underwriter reviews the information to determine if the omission was "  material " to the underwriting decision . A manager verifies the analysis . If the omission was not material , the review is complete , but if it was , the application goes to a review panel , which includes a physician . The panel evaluates the information and makes a decision . The amount of the claim is not revealed to the panel , Hamm said . There also are multiple opportunities for a person to appeal -- including by means of an independent review panel , he said . Richard Collins , the CEO of Golden Rule , noted that rescission "  has long been recognized by the laws of virtually every state . " "  Rescission is uncommon , but unfortunate , and a necessary recourse in the event of material , and at times intentional or fraudulent , misstatement or omission on an insurance application , " he said . Less than one-half of 1 percent of individual insurance policies were terminated or rescinded , he said . Brian Sassi , president and CEO of Consumer Business , said WellPoint is proposing a set of rescission regulations with new consumer protections . "  In addition , the health insurance industry has proposed a set of comprehensive and interrelated reforms to the individual health insurance market as a whole . The centerpiece of this proposal is the elimination of medical underwriting , combined with an effective and enforceable personal coverage requirement , " he said . Members of the subcommittee grilled the CEOs on their rescission policies -- including the fact that some companies will not take on clients who have had insurance rescinded in the past -- but the companies maintained that rescission is not about cost . Asked if they would commit to never rescinding a policy unless it was intentionally fraudulent , all of the CEOs said no , noting that a commitment like that does not coincide with the state laws and regulations they follow . "  Does n't it bother you that people are going to die because you insist on reviewing a policy that somebody took out in good faith and forgot to tell you that they were being treated for acne ? " Barton asked the panel of CEOs . "  Yes sir , it does , and we regret the necessity that that has to occur even a single time , and we 've made suggestions that would reform the system such that that would no longer be needed , " Hamm replied . CNN 's Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	Robin Beaton 's insurance rescinded her policy days before her mastectomy Hearing focusing on "  post-claims underwriting " in individual insurance market Subcommittee grills CEOs on their rescission policies Insurance companies insist rescission is rare and people can appeal
CNN  -- I had many conversations with Nelson Mandela , although I had not met him . In my family 's tiny shack in Nairobi 's Kibera slum , my one-way exchanges with the great man kept me going . Mandela survived 27 years of prison ; maybe I would make it out , too . Mandela became South Africa 's first black president in 1994 , when I was 10 years old . In Kibera , people celebrated and talk circulated the streets about this man , but I did n't see how his story connected to mine until much later . I was struggling too hard simply to survive . At 10 , I was on and off the streets . I flitted from house to house , unable to live at home with my mother because my stepfather had threatened to kill us both if I tried to come home . I knew I was born poor , and believed I was fated to die poor . This was my prison . I needed a role model , but in Kibera , these were in short supply . At 16 , I felt the pressure from gangs and drugs -- while fighting the temptation to drink my misery away and to find temporary comfort with women , like I saw my friends do . Opinion : A white South African 's memories of Mandela Even as the shadow of AIDS spread , I saw no reason not to die young , because I had nothing to live for . Our lives in the slums seemed to take a friend every day . Police shot my friend Boi ; they thought he looked like a criminal . My childhood friend Calvin hanged himself . His suicide note said what I felt : "  I just ca n't take it anymore . " Both of my sisters were raped and impregnated as teenagers . People seemed to fade and disappear . To live was the exception . I am now 29 , and all but two of my closest childhood friends are dead . It was Mandela who saved my life . A visiting American gave me two books . I had never gone to formal schools , but I had learned to read and write with the help of a kind priest . The American gave me a collection of speeches by the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Mandela 's "  Long Walk to Freedom . " It was Mandela 's book that spoke to me . I could n't put it down . Here was someone whose life I could somehow picture . For the first time in my life I saw I had a choice . I could either submit to the degradations of poverty , to the prevailing hopelessness , or I could start my own long walk . I started small , using 20 cents from my pay at a factory job to buy a soccer ball . I organized young people to work together in an organization that has grown to include a school for girls , a health clinic and a community services project . This year we will serve 50,000 people . Yet as I look at the larger structural problems of urban poverty in my country , I feel my work has just begun . Despite my doubts and concerns , I would begin and end every day with a private conversation with Mandela . I 'd ask him what he 'd do when his problems seemed insurmountable . I shared with him my triumphs , and I read every speech of his I could find . But as I grew older I began to wonder about the power and perils of being a living hero . Mandela was , for me and for my continent , more than a person . He is the emblem of progress . He came through poverty and struggle yet did not allow it to embitter him . Instead he seemed emboldened by a sense of urgency . Why Mandela has six names My fear is that we become too comfortable with his legacy -- content with honoring what Mandela has stood for that we forget to carry forward his sense of urgency . The journey to freedom in my country , Kenya , and in Mandela 's own country , South Africa , is far from over . On a recent visit to Johannesburg , I spoke for an hour with three young men about the crushing challenges of their lives in one of South Africa 's burgeoning slums . They are not alone . Mandela accomplished so much , but worldwide an ever-growing gap between rich and poor and mounting inequality threatens all for which he fought . I will still talk to Mandela , and will wonder what he might do . How he might have organized another movement to take Africa forward . These are conversations we must all begin to have . We have lost him , and must recognize the need for a next generation of selfless and driven leaders . For me , Mandela 's example will always stand as a reminder of what is possible when conviction faces injustice , of the work that still remains unfinished , and of the long road ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kennedy Odede .	At 10 , Kennedy Odede was on and off the streets in a sprawling Nairobi , Kenya , slum He was extremely poor and believed he was fated to die poor -- this was his prison Odede 's life turned around when he read Nelson Mandela 's books and speeches He would "  speak " to Mandela , whose inspiration led him to achieve , excel and help others
CNN  -- John "  Junior " Gotti , son of the late Gambino family mob boss John Gotti , was arrested in New York on Tuesday and faces a number of federal charges including racketeering , conspiracy to commit murder and drug trafficking , authorities said . John "  Junior " Gotti , seen in September 2006 , has had three criminal trials end in mistrials . Gotti was among six people indicted by a Florida grand jury , said Robert O'Neill , U.S. attorney for the Middle District of Florida . The indictments were unsealed Tuesday with the arrest of five defendants , including Gotti , he said . Negotiations were under way for the surrender of the sixth person named in the indictment , O'Neill said . All six suspects were charged under the federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act , or RICO , a law used to target organized crime groups -- in this case , the Gambino crime family . Gotti appeared Tuesday afternoon before a judge , who ordered him held without bail . His attorney , Charles Carnesi , told reporters the charges against his client were baseless . "  I can guarantee you that this case will be based on people who have been convicted of various crimes who do not want to go to jail , " Carnesi said outside the courthouse . "  Let 's face it , they have the money , they have the resources , they have an army of agents and most of all they have the ability to go to people who are willing to lie and say , ` OK , here 's the key . Here 's the way out . ' " Watch authorities talk about ` significant evidence ' " The indictment alleges Gotti was involved in three slayings in New York City -- those of George Grosso , who died in December 1988 in Queens ; Louis DiBono , killed in October 1990 in the parking garage of the former World Trade Center ; and Bruce John Gotterup , slain in November 1991 at the Boardwalk at the Rockaways in Queens . Gotti is the first person charged in Grosso 's death , which was listed as an unsolved homicide and was investigated with assistance from the New York Police Department 's Cold Case Squad , O'Neill said in a written statement . Gotti is charged in one indictment , and the five others in another one . Watch Gotti being led away in handcuffs Carnesi said he was surprised by the judge 's decision to hold Gotti without bail . He said it would be his preference to keep Gotti in New York as long as possible "  so that we can maintain contact with him " and suggested he enter his not-guilty plea by video to the Florida court . Gotti , 44 , of Oyster Bay , New York , has served as an associate , soldier , captain and de facto boss in the organization , the indictment alleges , as well as a member of a captains ' committee formed in the early 1990s to assist in the administration of the family . His co-defendants are John Burke , 47 , a New York prison inmate ; James Cadicamo , 33 , of Tampa , Florida ; David D'Arpino , 33 , of Howard Beach , New York ; Michael Finnerty , 43 , of Oceanside , New York ; and Guy Peden , 47 , of Wantagh , New York . Burke and Peden are also accused of participating in the murder of Gotterup , according to authorities , and Burke and D'Arpino are charged in the death of John Gebert , who was killed in 1996 in Queens . In addition , Cadicamo is charged with conspiring to beat or kill a man named Michael Malone to prevent Malone 's testimony in a case , and with retaliating against Malone for his cooperation with authorities . A number of cases culminated in the indictment , which names people in Florida and New York , the prosecutor said . "  I think what you have here is , you have the Gambino crime family reaching out to Tampa , Florida " and "  trying to gain a foothold , " he said . All six defendants face a maximum sentence of life in prison , authorities said . If convicted of the charges involving Malone , Cadicamo could face the death penalty . " -LSB- Gambino crime family -RSB- enterprise members engaged in public acts and displays of violence -- shootings , stabbings , baseball bat beatings and murder -- designed to create and maintain fear and dread in others so that the GCF enterprise could defend and expand its unlawful dominion and influence in certain geographical areas , " according to a statement issued by O'Neill 's office . "  GCF enterprise members worked to establish and maintain GCF enterprise footholds , or operational bases , in various parts of the United States of America , specifically including the city of Tampa , Florida . " The Gambino family also is accused of crimes including robbery , bribery , kidnapping , extortion , home invasions and money laundering , among others , authorities said . Members of the organization "  invested some of their criminal income for the acquisition of interests in other businesses , " including window and glass businesses , valet parking businesses and bars or nightclubs , prosecutors allege . Carnesi questioned why , if Gotti is involved in drug trafficking and murder , informants such as Sammy "  The Bull " Gravano have never suggested it . "  You can go down the line as to any of these individuals who made deals with the government . ... They do n't know anything of this , " he said . In late 2006 , a third mistrial was declared in a federal racketeering case against Gotti . Charges against him included racketeering and extortion . Prosecutors said they would not retry Gotti , who was accused of ordering attacks on radio talk show host Curtis Sliwa after the Guardian Angels founder criticized Gotti 's father on his radio show . Sliwa was shot three times but recovered and testified against Gotti . Asked Gotti 's feelings on the newest charges , Carnesi said , "  He was very disappointed to have to go through all this again . You can imagine the toll it took on him and his family to have to fight three times in the course of a year , to feel that , OK , perhaps it 's over ... because the government itself came to the conclusion , no more . It 's very disheartening for him to be back here again . " Gotti 's father , who was nicknamed the "  Teflon Don " because prosecutors had trouble making charges stick against him , died in prison in 2002 of throat cancer . CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Kimberly Segal contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Junior " Gotti goes before a judge Tuesday who orders him held without bail Prosecutor : Gambino crime family was "  trying to gain a foothold " in Tampa , Florida John Gotti is among six people indicted by a Florida grand jury He faces federal charges , including racketeering , conspiracy to commit murder
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Murphy bounds up the stairs , down the stairs , over the hurdles , through the tunnel and stops . He cautiously sidesteps the large white ring in front of him and sits down . Betty Yadlosky tries to tease her Himalayan Persian named Tangerine with a feather . "  Through the ring ! Come on , Murphy , through the ring ! " his owner encourages , as she enthusiastically jingles a feathered toy on the other side of the obstacle . Murphy glances over , clearly saying , "  There is no way I am jumping through that hoop . " And anyone watching -- anyone who has ever owned a cat -- knows he is right . "  It can be frustrating , " Donna Hinton says from the sidelines of the agility course . "  But it 's a challenge , a new dimension to showing . " Hinton is the owner of Kevi , one of the nation 's top agility cats . Dressed to impress , Hinton looks more like a business executive than a cat fanatic -- but the breeder of Maine Coon cats has more than 20 years experience in pedigree showing . "  Some people like to go to the golf course on the weekend . I like to go to a cat show , " she says with a smile . This time around , it was last weekend 's Cat Fanciers ' Association 's International Cat Show , in Atlanta , Georgia -- touted as the Western Hemisphere 's largest cat show , with 729 cats from 41 breeds and 14 countries . Elaborately decorated cages fill both sides and the back of the convention center floor . Vendors sell everything from cat hammocks to gutter guards  even the show manager is n't sure why gutter guards are there  , and a man in a wig shows off his tightrope-walking cats . But arguably the most important activity takes place just past the garbage cans marked "  Dump litter here , please . " Judging Bob Druzisky carries Zoe -- short for Mittsnpaws Zoe of Wyldephyre -- two-handed under her belly , stretching her out to her full length as they walk to one of the 12 judging rings . " -LSB- We do this -RSB- to show her off to the crowd and to avoid handprints on her fur , " he says . Zoe 's judge wipes down his table with disinfectant and then picks up Zoe , staring into her eyes as her feet dangle four feet above the ground . He puts her down and proceeds to feel her coat and check her response time . At one point , she tries to escape from the table , but is nabbed by the quick-handed judge . The whole thing is over less than a minute later . Each cat is judged by six judges throughout the weekend , show manager Emily Turner says . The cats are split into three groups : kittens  less than 8 months  , champions  adult cats  , and premiers  adult neutered/spayed cats  . These categories are broken down again by breed , color and sex . On Sunday morning , judges tally up the points and select the top two cats from each category . A panel then picks the best in show . "  That 's it in a nutshell , " Turner says . Of course , it 's slightly more complicated . Each judge must train for six years . They must know the standards for each breed -- written descriptions of the "  ideal " cat -- and be able to tell which Siamese has the perfect ear width or which red cat has the best color . Time and money The ideal breed standard is impossible to reach , Turner says , but owners spend hundreds of hours , and dollars , trying . That 's most evident when an announcement comes over the loudspeaker for a DNA "  blue-eyed " breeding seminar , starting in one hour . Druzisky and his wife , Jennifer , attend approximately 30 cat shows each year . The couple arrived in Atlanta with Zoe and Angel on Thursday night after a 12-hour drive from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . Between gas , hotel rooms , entrance fees and cat supplies , Druzisky estimates the shows cost him between a couple hundred and $ 1,000 per month . Of course , showing cats is a lot cheaper than showing horses -- as Betty Yadlosky is quick to point out . She and her husband Bill showed horses for many years before switching to Himalayan Persians . The couple has 11 Persians , all of which need regular baths if they 're showing . Each bath takes Betty Yadlosky an hour and a half to two hours , including a blow dry . So how much time does the average owner spend grooming their cats ? "  Just depends on how many you have and how well you take care of them , " she says . "  You 've got to keep them healthy and happy . " For the love of it Back in the ring , Kevi is running Hinton ragged . He zooms through the other obstacles , only to stop short at the blue weave bars . Once , twice , three times he stops , before Hinton sighs , wiping her forehead with her arm . "  I think we 're tired , " she says . "  Bored , not tired , " agility instructor Carol Osbourne calls out to Hinton . " -LSB- Kevi -RSB- could do this all night . Keep your body ahead -LSB- of the cat -RSB- and make a wide sweep with your arm . " Hinton goes to scoop up Kevi , only to miss the rascal by inches . This starts a game of chase that ends with Kevi in a red carrier and Hinton laughing . Putting on a show this large takes more than a year , and it 's scenes like this one that convince Turner her hard work is worth it . She says most of the people who come to shows are there simply because they love animals . "  There 's the best of all things , " she says , speaking loudly over the call for Tokinese cats in ring three . "  At night , when you go home you have this warm , fuzzy , cuddly animal that adores you and you adore him or her . I mean , how could you ask for anything better ? "	Cat Fanciers ' Association holds International Cat Show in Atlanta , Georgia More than 700 cats of 41 breeds participate in show Kuorii Santos of Cuzzoe wins "  Best in Show " Cats give owners trouble on the agility course during training time
CNN  -- A California mother was arrested this week after she was captured on video encouraging her son to pummel another boy , police said . The woman can be heard yelling "  Beat him down . Body slam him , " as the two boys swing wildly at each other in the scuffle that leaves one bloody . At one point in the video , circulated on the internet , the woman offers pointers to her son on how to win the fight . She also assures the combatants they have permission to fight in her yard and that she will not call the police . Police say they have arrested the woman , identifying her as Jennifer Zuniga , 33 , of the central California city of Ceres . She faces child endangerment and contributing to the delinquency of a minor charges , police said . "  Jennifer can be heard and seen in the video yelling and encouraging her son to batter the other juvenile . Jennifer is heard yelling a barrage of profanities and enticing the fight , " Ceres Police said in a statement . The video was posted on YouTube and police say they learned about it from a tipster . Police also credited a man who witnessed the fight and can be seen on the video stopping it . "  This man  challenges  Jennifer Zuniga 's actions and stopped the assault before someone was seriously injured , " the police statement said . At the end of the video , the man is seen getting in between the brawling boys . "  Lady , you 're letting them fight like this ? What kind of example are you , lady ? " the man asks . "  I do n't care , " the woman replies . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report	The woman is heard yelling , "  Beat him down . Body slam him " The video is posted on YouTube The woman faces charges of child endangerment and contributing to the delinquency of a minor
CNN  -- Larry King talked with Meghan McCain . the daughter of the Republican presidential candidate , about her new book , "  My Dad , John McCain . " She also writes about her experiences on the campaign trail for the Web site , McCainBloggette.com . Meghan McCain said she was surprised , and now pleased , by her father 's pick of Sarah Palin as running mate . Larry King : Why a children 's book , I think aimed at five to 10-year-olds , about your father ? Meghan McCain : I just thought it would be a really great way to make my father 's story accessible to children . It is a really fascinating , patriotic American hero story and I had actually met a lot of people on the trail that were n't familiar with his story and -- King : What kind of father is he ? McCain : Great . I 'm really lucky . I have a really great relationship with my dad . We have always been kindred spirits . My mom calls me "  John McCain in a dress . " We 're a lot alike . We have a great relationship . King : What 's the toughest part about writing a children 's book ? McCain : The illustrations were the hardest for me . How do you illustrate your father being tortured ? Watch McCain say what her parents think of the book " King : What would your life be like if he 's elected ? You will have Secret Service protection . McCain : I know . I really do n't want to do that . King : You do n't like that ? McCain : No , I really respect what they do , because obviously they 're there to protect my family , but it 's really weird . There are always people there to open up a room . I went with my mom to CVS and they had to check with CVS before we went in and there were people everywhere . King : Were you surprised of his selection for vice president ? McCain : I think to a degree everyone was surprised because -LSB- Sarah Palin -RSB- was an unknown . But I 'm very , very pleased with it . I love her . I 'm really excited about it . King : What do you like about her ? McCain : First of all , she 's really chill . She 's really nice , really friendly . She 's really up on pop culture , which I always respect . She 's very smart . She does n't act entitled , which unfortunately sometimes you get with some politicians . She 's just like your average girl , like just a mom . But she 's very , very shrewd , very smart . I 've heard her talking about issues . Watch Larry King reveal what disappointed him in the interview " King : They had fun with her on "  Saturday Night Live . " McCain : I saw . I used to intern there . King : You interned at "  Saturday Night Live ? " What was that like ? McCain : It was incredible . I was there for the Ashlee Simpson lip synching incident . It was fantastic . King : You have blogged in support of Bristol Palin , who is with child , as we know . What made you speak out on that ? McCain : I have grown up in politics forever . My father has been kind of pretty public . He ran for president when I was 14 . I know what it 's like to have children become a point of criticism or used as an example . She 's 17 and she grew up in a small town in Alaska . I think people should support her and the media should lay off a little . She 's very young and she 's just trying to live her life . I do n't think she should be an example of what to do or not to do . I just think she should be Governor Palin 's daughter . King : What do you make of those who say that if you criticize Governor Palin , it 's sexism ? McCain : I do n't think necessarily criticizing any candidate is sexism , but I do think that sexism has played a role with the governor and with Senator Clinton as well in this election . I do n't think criticizing a candidate , no matter what gender , is necessarily sexism . King : You think Senator Clinton was a victim of it , too ? McCain : I do . King : What do you think of Senator Obama ? McCain : I think he 's a really fantastic candidate as well . I really love that there 's two such historical tickets right now . I think he 's been respectful . I 'm just really enjoying the election . King : What are your plans the rest of the campaign ? McCain : Continue to blog . It 's given me so much . I really enjoy doing it . It 's a way for me to show the world what it 's like to be on the campaign trail as a 23-year-old woman , when your father 's -LSB- running for -RSB- president and it 's been a way for me to show people what my parents are really like . I think journalists are not going to be in my mom 's hotel room when she is in her pajamas . We put pictures of my mom in her pajamas on the blog . I love what it 's done .	Meghan McCain has written children 's book about her father , John McCain She told Larry King that McCain 's running mate , Sarah Palin , is shrewd , smart McCain said she enjoys using her blog to show how her parents really are
CNN  -- John McCain tried to make Barack Obama 's celebrity status a campaign issue last summer , but there 's no debate about the president-elect 's ability to draw famous and talented Americans to his inauguration . Bruce Springsteen campaigns for Barack Obama in Cleveland , Ohio , on November 2 , 2008 . Dozens of major celebrities will perform on several nationally televised shows , as well as 10 inaugural balls the evening after Obama is sworn in as the 44th U.S. president . The celebration will open Sunday evening on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial with a free concert so star-studded it 's hard to choose a headliner . Beyonce , Bono and Bruce Springsteen are on the list . Other musical performers include Mary J. Blige , Garth Brooks , Sheryl Crow , Renee Fleming , Josh Groban , Herbie Hancock , Heather Headley , John Legend , Jennifer Nettles , John Mellencamp , Usher Raymond IV , Shakira , James Taylor , will.i.am , and Stevie Wonder . In addition , Jamie Foxx , Martin Luther King III , Queen Latifah and Denzel Washington will take the stage to deliver historical readings . More performers will likely be named . Executive Producer George Stevens Jr. said the intention is "  to root the event in history , celebrating the moments when our nation has united to face great challenges and prevail . " See how inaugurations have changed over the years " Don Mischer , who directed the opening ceremony of the 1996 Olympics and ` recent Super Bowl half-time shows , is directing this event . "  We will have the statue of Abraham Lincoln looking down on our stage and a crowd of hundreds of thousands of people lining the mall -- a tableau any director would relish , " Mischer said . Admission will be free , but security will be tight . Check out an interactive map of Washington Five gates leading into the area , including one around the Reflecting Pool at the base of the Lincoln Memorial , open at 8 a.m. ET Sunday . Performances start at 2:30 p.m. HBO paid for exclusive rights to televise Sunday 's show , but its feed will be free to all cable and satellite viewers from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. ET . It can not be seen through local broadcast television stations . The Disney Channel will carry Monday night 's big event -- "  Kids ' Inaugural : We Are The Future " -- from 8 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. ET . Those who do n't have cable will be able to hear it live on Radio Disney or watch it online later at Disney.com . Musical performers will include the Jonas Brothers , Miley Cyrus , Demi Lovato and Bow Wow . Singer-actress Keke Palmer -- star of Nickelodeon 's "  True Jackson , VP " -- is one of the hosts for the show , which will be staged in Washington 's Verizon Center . Palmer , 15 , hopes to meet Obama 's daughters Sasha , 7 , and Malia , 10 , backstage Monday night . Palmer said she moved from Chicago to Los Angeles when she was about the same age as Malia is now , and Obama 's election is "  very special for my family and me , being from Chicago and all . " "  I also feel like I know what Sasha and Malia are experiencing in terms of leaving Chicago at an early age , having to attend a brand new school , a new house , just new everything , " Palmer said . "  It 's not easy , but as long as you have great parents , which we all three have , then it turns out OK . " There should be plenty of celebrity sightings at the swearing-in ceremony at noon ET Tuesday or in the parade starting at 2:30 p.m. Viewers will have no trouble finding a television broadcast of those events . Palmer said she will likely view the inaugural parade from a viewing stand at the Pennsylvania Avenue headquarters of the National Council of Negro Women . "  Hey , either way I 'm so happy to be a part of it no matter how small , " she said . "  This is historic ! " While inaugural ball tickets are tough to get , one of the 10 balls Tuesday evening will be shown live on ABC television from 8 to 10 p.m. ET . "  The Neighborhood Ball : An Inauguration Celebration " is billed by planners as "  the premier event of the inauguration evening . " Beyonce , Mary J. Blige , Mariah Carey , Faith Hill , Jay-Z , Alicia Keys , Shakira , Stevie Wonder and others yet to be announced will perform live at the ball . The Neighborhood Ball will take place in a hall at the Washington Convention Center , the venue for four other balls . Take a quiz about first ladies ' inaugural gowns " A Youth Ball -- aimed at partygoers ages 18 to 35 -- will take place at the Hilton Washington . Ball planners have not released the entertainment line-up for this ball , but said whoever is there wo n't stop playing until 2:30 a.m. For those who somehow miss all of this -- or want more -- the Presidential Inaugural Committee is selling a CD-DVD with 18 music tracks from many of the inauguration performers . Eight key Obama speeches from the past two years also are included .	Celebrations open Sunday evening with a free star-studded concert televised by HBO Kids ' inaugural show Monday will feature Jonas Brothers , Miley Cyrus One of the 10 inaugural balls Tuesday evening will be shown live on ABC Beyonce , Mariah Carey , Stevie Wonder will perform at the ball
CNN  -- Venezuelan Stefania Fernandez was named Miss Universe 2009 , beating out more than 80 other contestants during a pageant held Sunday night in Nassau , Bahamas . Venezuelan Stefania Fernandez was named Miss Universe 2009 on Sunday night . The 18-year-old was crowned by another Venezuelan , Dayana Mendoza , Miss Universe 2008 , marking the first time that two contestants from the same country have won the title in consecutive years . As Miss Universe , Fernandez will have the use of a New York City apartment for the year of her reign , and will receive living expenses . Other prizes include a two-year scholarship at the New York Film Academy ; a vacation for two in the Bahamas ; and a wardrobe , including evening wear , swimsuits and jewelry . The competition involves swimsuit , evening gown and interview phases , which a 12-member panel judged . Miss Dominican Republic , Ada Aimee De La Cruz , was named first runner-up and would assume Fernandez 's duties if she could n't complete her term .	Win marks first time 2 contestants from same country earn title in consecutive years More than 80 other contestants competed during the pageant Miss Dominican Republic , Ada Aimee De La Cruz , was named first runner-up
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In 1842 , when Hong Kong became a British crown colony after the first Opium War , it was described by a very unimpressed UK Foreign Secretary , Lord Palmerston , as a barren rock with nary a house on it . He also added , prophetically and spectacularly incorrectly , "  it will never be a mart for trade . " Of course , by 1997 , when Hong Kong was handed back by the British to become a Special Administrative Region  S.A.R  of China , it was a modern metropolis of well over six million souls , used to a free economy , a free press and the rule of law . According to the agreement hammered out between Britain and China , the territory would remain that way for at least 50 years . Under Chinese rule , Hong Kong would govern itself , choose its own leaders , control its own economy and maintain its own legal system . But there were many skeptics . Would China really be able to keep its hands off ? Fifteen years later , almost a third of the way through those 50 years , are those promises still being kept ? How has the territory changed ? Christine Loh has a unique perspective . She was a legislator during the last years of the British colony and again in the early years of the Hong Kong S.A.R. . A feisty democrat politician , no one would ever accuse her of being in the "  pro-Beijing " camp . If you look at the people of Hong Kong , she said , their daily lives really have n't changed very much . Indeed , Hong Kong has its own borders and immigration control , even with China . It has its own currency , its own police force and system of law courts . It has freedom of expression and demonstration to a degree unheard of anywhere on the mainland . It 's the only place in China , for example , that can commemorate the June 4 , 1989 crackdown against the students in Tiananmen Square . The territory also has its own legislature and chief executive . Beijing has always promised to be hands-off , allowing the Hong Kong people to rule Hong Kong , but many still feel it has undue influence in local politics and in an electoral system that favors pro-Beijing candidates . China 's huge presence is inescapable . "  Our unease in Hong Kong is that the mainland is so big and we are so small . We are a small city of seven million people . It is easy for us to be physically overwhelmed . I think that is our fear , " Loh said . Since the handover , trade ties between Hong Kong and China have strengthened so much so that Hong Kong is now the mainland 's biggest source of foreign investment , state news service Xinhua reported , quoting China 's ministry of commerce . Hong Kong is also the top destination for investment from the mainland . Trade between the two surged nearly 600 % to US$ 284 billion from 1996 , the year before the handover , and last year , Xinhua said . And ties are only set to strengthen . In the days leading to the 15 year anniversary , China announced a package of policies to further bind the mainland and the island covering trade , finance , education science and technology and tourism . But the prospect of tighter ties with their homeland is not necessarily being welcomed by Hong Kongers , many of whom feel that while Chinese money has boosted business , it has also put pressure on public services . Earlier this year , full page advertisements appeared in the local media , bluntly calling mainlanders "  locusts " and accusing them of driving up property prices and squeezing Hong Kongers out of their own hospitals and schools . "  We have a love-hate relationship with China , " said Hong Kong entrepreneur Douglas Young , whose popular chain of stores selling furnishings and knick-knacks celebrates a unique Hong Kong style . He is adamant that Hong Kong should hold onto its differences . "  I disagree that you have to choose between being a Hong Kong person or a Chinese person . I am both . Like a New Yorker , a New Yorker is both a New Yorker and an American , and I am a Hong Konger as well as being a Chinese person , " Young said . "  So I think there is nothing wrong with Hong Kong being a part of mainland China or being a Chinese city . All I am saying is that Hong Kong should maintain its differences in its regional identity . " CNN asked people on the streets of Hong Kong what the difference was between Hong Kongers and the Chinese . "  Many of us were educated in Western countries and went abroad for a university education so naturally our cultural background is different from those Chinese nationals who were born and raised in China , " one man said . "  I do n't know much about China , " one woman said in Cantonese . "  The problems in China right now make me think that I should not consider myself Chinese , " she added . However , one woman who described herself as a Chinese person who was born in Hong Kong said , "  Hong Kong people and Chinese people are basically the same . The only difference between the two is that they are born in different places . "	Hong Kong marks 15 years since the handover from British to Chinese rule The island became a British colony after the first Opium War in 1842 Britain and China agreed that Hong Kong should remain independent for 50 years Hong Kong has its own borders , laws , currency and freedom of expression
CNN  -- Why not use those last few vacation days ? Given an average of 14 annual vacation days , Americans left four days on the table over the past year , according to Expedia.com 's 13th annual vacation deprivation study . That 's twice as many as the previous year . "  No one retires wishing they 'd spent more time at their desk , " said John Morrey , Expedia 's vice president and general manager , in a statement . "  There are countless reasons that vacation days go unused -- failure to plan , worry , forgetfulness , you name it . But rested employees are more productive employees , so taking regular vacations may well help the company more than failing to do so . " Workers around the world cite a variety of reasons for not using those days . Some 25 % say they like to stockpile days for possible trips in the future . Other reasons include difficulty of scheduling vacations  22 %  , getting paid for unused days  18 %  , worry they ca n't afford a vacation  16 %  and failure to plan  15 %  . But 8 % point the finger not at themselves and instead at the atmosphere of their workplaces , saying they resist using their allotted days off because taking vacation days may be viewed negatively . These figures and more were determined by Harris Interactive , which conducted this survey online from August 20 to September 12 in North America , Europe , Brazil and the Asia-Pacific region . In all , 24 countries were included , and 8,535 working respondents over age 18 took part . People had to be employed full time , part time or be self-employed . Americans are n't the most vacation-deprived citizens . That honor goes to both Japan and South Korea . South Koreans take seven out of 10 vacation days , while Japanese workers take seven out of 18 vacation days . Worldwide , working people get an average of 20 vacation days . The French top the scale in vacation days , getting 30 off each year and -- get this -- taking all of them . Even so , 90 % agree with the phrase , "  I feel vacation deprived " despite the fact that they and other Europeans get more vacation time than most others . Even though they have fewer vacation days than the French , some 59 % percent of Americans feel vacation deprived . Norwegians are much less likely to pout about their lack of vacation time : Seventeen percent say they feel vacation deprived . Fewer than half of those from the Netherlands  41 %  , Denmark  39 %  and Mexico  38 %  feel the same way . Once people do vacation , how successful are they at letting go ? Nearly half of those surveyed say they leave work behind "  as soon as I leave on vacation , " while 20 % do when they arrive at their vacation destination . Only 10 % can "  never " truly relax while away . Yet 67 % of Americans remain connected to their offices via e-mail or voice mail , they say . More than 90 % of French , Indian , Thai and Mexican travelers stay connected . That so many French workers stay connected to the workplace while away may -- or may not -- serve as consolation to others .	Americans will not use four vacation days this year , study says Workers worldwide get an average of 20 vacation days Workers in France get 30 days and use all of them
CNN  She 's one of the most powerful women in football after cracking one of sports ' most notorious glass ceilings , but even Mia Hamm is not immune from the demands of domestic drudgery . "  Sorry for all of the noise , " she says as the clatter of workmen and screaming kids crackles down the phone line . "  The people who were supposed to be here 30 minutes ago to fix our carpets have just shown up ! " A proud mother of seven-year-old twin girls and a baby boy , Hamm was for the best part of two decades America 's foremost footballer . Though the World Cup winner and double Olympic gold medalist -- described as "  the biggest U.S.-born soccer star of all time " -- is swift to laugh off such lofty titles . "  I 'm just a former player that every day has to wake up , get her kids to school and figure out what I 'm making them for lunch and dinner , " the 42-year-old Hamm , who played for the U.S. women 's team on over 200 occasions between 1987 and 2004 , told CNN . However , it 's not just the school run and her kids ' packed lunches that Hamm has on her mind these days . Appointed to the board of directors at major Italian club Roma , she occupies a position within the sport that few other women can match . As well as her role in the "  Eternal City , " the Alabama native is a minority owner of the newly-formed Los Angeles Football Club  LAFC  -- which will join Major League Soccer  MLS  in 2017 . "  I never stand up there and say ` I 'm doing this to get more women in football , ' " says Hamm of her appointment at Roma , which is owned by Italian American investor James Pallotta . "  But I take pride in the fact and I look at it as a great responsibility to make sure I do the best job I can . "  I personally did n't say yes just to tick a box . I think they will soon learn that I have opinions , I have ideas . " Hamm 's links to the Italian capital go beyond the boardroom . Her parents lived in the city for over four years when she was younger , with her father -- an Air Force pilot -- working at the U.S. embassy in Rome . That was when Hamm first became aware of the team affectionately known as the "  Giallorossi "  the yellow-reds  . "  It was one of the clubs I could follow on the local TV , " she explains . "  It was the colors I would see when I would walk around Rome . "  So my holidays , Christmas and a couple of weeks over summer were spent over in Rome . AS Roma was the team I started following then . " Pallotta , who took over Roma in 2012 , has grand ambitions for the club that include the construction of a new 52,000-seater stadium for the three-time Italian champions . The Bostonian 's vision appealed to Hamm , who hopes to raise the club 's international profile -- especially in the U.S. . She wants to ensure that "  when people are talking about their favorite teams , AS Roma is one of the teams that comes out of their mouth " and hopes the club continues its recent trend of touring the U.S. during the European offseason . "  I 'd love to be a part of that and helping get the fan support , " she insists . "  Even though I know there 's an incredible fan support here for Roma . " Hamm 's own relationship with the game dates back to her childhood when , perhaps surprisingly , she had a hard time convincing her coach to let her play . That coach also happened to be her dad , and the eager Hamm was barely out of diapers . "  I was n't allowed to play organized soccer until I turned five , " says Hamm . "  I had an older brother and a sister that were a year apart . They were on the same team and my dad happened to be coaching them . "  I just remember standing on the sidelines , collecting balls for them when they went wide of the goal , hoping my dad would say , ` Hey Mia , do you want to jump in ? ' "  Those are some of the early memories , hanging out with older siblings , getting beat up by them and their friends at practice but loving it . "  I just wanted to belong to a team . " Eventually her father relented and finally let the precocious ball girl enter the fray . Hamm did n't look back . Her glittering career saw the prolific goalscorer help grow football in the U.S. , firstly as the youngest member of the team which won the inaugural Women 's World Cup in 1991 . Olympic glory followed as Hamm added a gold medal to her resume in front of fervent home support at the 1996 Altanta Games . Three years later -- once again on home soil -- Hamm scored in a tense penalty shootout as the U.S. narrowly beat China at the Pasadena Rose Bowl to lift the World Cup for a second time . Fast forward to Athens 2004 and she became a double Olympic champion , having added a silver medal to her collection of precious metals at the 2000 Games in Sydney . Hamm 's experiences within such successful teams had a profound effect on her as she grew in confidence , learned how to work with others , while also boosting her self-esteem . Above all , she learned how to handle failure . "  We have two daughters of our own who are about seven and a half and I just see the excitement , " she explains , "  the lessons that they are learning every single time they go out there . "  It 's no surprise to me . You look across the board , not just with female athletes but with Fortune 500 companies , and women that are in top executive positions all played some kind of sports growing up . They talk about the empowerment they felt . "  Getting kids up and motivated and then all of the wonderful things they experience and learn through sport are so important . Much more than you would ever get sat in front of your TV . " As well as her Roma role , Hamm is part of a band of celebrities who have signed up as minority owners of LAFC , a new team hoping to act as rivals to Los Angeles Galaxy , which won its fifth championship in 2014 . NBA legend "  Magic " Johnson and Hamm 's husband Nomar Garciaparra , a former pro baseball player , are both part of a star-spangled ownership team . The continued expansion of MLS -- which commissioner Don Garber hopes will swell to 24 teams by 2020 -- is proof of soccer 's growing popularity in the U.S. , with women forming part of the professional ranks . Formed in 2013 , the National Women 's Soccer League  NWSL  allows eight teams to vie for domestic glory , a welcome development following multiple false starts for the female game in America , the most recent setback arriving when Women 's Professional Soccer ceased operations in 2012 . Although the country also boasts the Women 's Premier Soccer League -- which houses both professional and amateur teams -- Hamm hopes the NWSL can cement itself on the nation 's sporting landscape . "  The success of the MLS will help the NWSL , " insists Hamm . "  The success of the U.S. national teams will help the NWSL . "  There are several teams that are tied to MLS clubs and that could be the potential for the future where we 're able to share facilities , share infrastructure . " So when LAFC enters the league , will it also boast a women 's team ? "  Do n't know yet , " says a candid Hamm . "  For me , it just makes sense , in one of the largest hotbed of girls ' club soccer in the country , if not the world . "  Being a part of the ownership group , we have a lot of work ahead of us . The women 's team is n't their first priority , but I want it to be in the conversation . "  I 'm going to make sure it 's something that 's discussed consistently because it 's the right thing to do and this area will support it . There are so many talented players in this area , up and down the coast . " As far as Hamm is concerned , the future of U.S. soccer is bright -- regardless of gender . "  I 'm always hopeful , I love the game too much , " she says . "  It does n't mean I 'm naive , but I want the game to succeed in this country and the women 's side is a huge part of that . "	Mia Hamm won World Cups and Olympic medals with the U.S. women 's soccer team She played for her country on over 200 occasions across three decades Hamm is now a board member at AS Roma and minority owner of Los Angeles Football Club
Madrid  CNN  -- A treasure worth an estimated half billion dollars in gold and silver coins , recovered from a Spanish warship that sunk two centuries ago , arrived in Madrid Saturday , just weeks after U.S. courts ruled that Spain had rights to the loot , not the Florida deep-sea salvage company which found it on the ocean floor . Two Spanish military cargo planes , which retrieved the nearly 594,000 coins in crates from a secretive warehouse in Florida , landed at the Torrejon military air base in Madrid just before 2 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  . The two planes arrived at a U.S. military base in Florida earlier this week -- on the heels of a team of Spanish government experts who did an inventory of the treasure -- and departed on Friday for the overnight flight to Madrid . That was after the Florida company , Odyssey Marine Exploration Inc. had exhausted its legal appeals all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court , which declined without comment Odyssey 's motion for a hearing earlier this month . "  Spain has now been victorious at every level in the United States courts , from Tampa to Atlanta to Washington , " said Jim Goold , who defended Spain 's claim to the treasure . "  I am pleased and proud for all of us . " Odyssey Marine Exploration made an emergency appeal to the high court in an attempt to block a lower court 's order that it turn over the treasure to Spain . The dispute goes back to 2007 , when Odyssey announced it had found a 19th-century sunken ship off of Spain . The company claimed ownership of the coins and said it had flown them to a guarded location in the United States . Spain filed suit in a federal court in Tampa , Florida , also claiming the treasure . Spain says its navy warship Nuestra Senora de las Mercedes was carrying the coins . The 34-gun frigate left Peru in 1804 and crossed the Atlantic to within a day 's sail from Spain when British ships attacked the Spanish fleet . In the ensuing Battle of Cape St. Mary , south of Portugal , the Mercedes was hit in its powder magazine and exploded , according to the Spanish government 's filing to the Florida court . In 2009 , the federal court in Tampa ruled in favor of Spain and the federal appeals court in Atlanta upheld the ruling last September . Last January 31 , the appeals court denied an Odyssey motion , which Odyssey appealed to the Supreme Court . Spain 's Culture Minister , Jose Ignacio Wert , told CNN in Madrid earlier this month that the case was never really about the money . "  We 're not going to use this money for purposes other than artistic exhibition , but this is something that enriches our material , artistic capital and it has to be appreciated as such , " Wert said in an interview . He said the coins would be exhibited at Spanish museums , and perhaps elsewhere . Peru , too , has followed the fate of the coins , which came from Latin America when Peru was a Spanish colony . "  Formally , they have n't claimed anything , but we are completely open to consider the possibility of distributing some part of the treasure also among the Latin American museums , " Wert said . The treasure includes fabled "  pieces of eight , " some minted in 1803 in Lima , Peru , Spanish officials have said . The treasure , which already has crossed the Atlantic Ocean twice , by ship in 1804 and then by plane in 2007 , has now arrived on the Spanish mainland for the first time . A Spanish Defense Ministry official at the Torrejon base said the treasure will be turned over to Spain 's paramilitary Civil Guard for safekeeping . The Culture Ministry is expected to hold a news conference and possibly show off a portion of the coins in the coming days .	A treasure estimated worth half a billion dollars arrived in Spain The coins had been the object of a legal battle in the United States The company that found the treasure lost its claim in the courts
London , England  CNN  -- Conservative Party leader David Cameron was appointed as British prime minister on Tuesday following the resignation of Gordon Brown , whose Labour Party was defeated in Thursday 's general election . Cameron traveled to Buckingham Palace where he was invited to form a government by Queen Elizabeth . So what will happen in the near future ? When does David Cameron take office ? Cameron arrived at the prime minister 's official Downing Street residence early Wednesday morning to begin work on agreeing the final details of his coalition government with the Liberal Democrats . Brown left the building for the last time on Tuesday evening . Full election coverage How will the next government work ? The Conservative Party won 306 seats in the election , which is 20 seats short of a parliamentary majority , so it needs the cooperation of other , smaller parties , especially on contentious legislation . On Tuesday the center-right party agreed a deal to govern in coalition with the centrist Liberal Democrats to form a "  strong and stable " administration . This will give it a notional majority of 86 if all Conservative and Lib Dem MPs vote with the government . Who will be in the government ? Nick Clegg and other leading Liberal Democrats look to be the big winners from the coalition deal with Clegg appointed Deputy Prime Minister , although it remains unclear exactly what brief that role will entail . The Liberal Democrats are expected to hold five ministerial posts in the Cabinet . But the Conservatives hold on to two senior offices of state , with George Osborne named Chancellor of the Exchequer , or finance minister , and William Hague appointed foreign secretary . What is the agenda of the new government ? The government is expected to unveil an emergency budget within weeks as the UK continues to recover from the economic crisis . Cameron said reducing the huge budget deficit was his priority along with tackling the social problems that Britain faced . The Liberal Democrats favored delaying public spending cuts while the economic recovery remained fragile . But both parties have been forced to compromise on key policies in reaching a deal to work together . The Conservatives have pledged # 6 billion  $ 9 billion  in spending cuts this year . They will also scrap a planned increase in National Insurance contributions -- a form of tax funding healthcare and welfare benefits -- paid by employers which they said would damage the economy . But the Liberal Democrats have achieved a concession that will see the personal tax threshold raised to # 10,000  $ 15,000  -- a key manifesto pledge they say will benefit lower-paid workers . Liberal Democrat demands for electoral reform have been partially accommodated with the government pledging a referendum on moving to an "  Alternative Vote " system . But the Lib Dems have dropped for now their opposition to the replacement of the UK 's Trident independent nuclear deterrent . What are the potential stumbling blocks ? The Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats have very different policies on Europe , the UK 's nuclear deterrent , immigration and , crucially , electoral reform . Will a coalition impede the workings of government and will it make it more difficult to get laws passed ? There is no reason why a coalition government should necessarily work any differently to one formed by a single party . The party leaders will need to agree on the government 's agenda , laid out in the Queen 's Speech later this month . How effective the government is in passing new laws depends on lawmakers in both parties of course . If Liberal Democrats are rebellious they will vote against the government , and if they bring it down , by forcing a no-confidence motion , they risk sparking another general election . Is a second general election likely ? Cameron has the right to call a new election at any time ; he may do so if he feels in a strong enough position and if he feels the Lib Dems are not allowing him to pursue his agenda . Who is the opposition ? The Labour Party is now in opposition along with other smaller parties , and its deputy leader Harriet Harman will be interim leader as well as leader of the opposition following Brown 's resignation as Labour leader earlier in the week . Do officials in Downing Street remain in their jobs ? Members of the Civil Service are non-partisan , and work with a government formed by any party . The civil servants thus remain in their posts , and help with the transition of the new government . How often does Britain have coalition governments ? They are very rare in British politics . The last time Britain had a hung parliament was in February 1974 , when Edward Heath 's Conservatives gained more votes but fewer seats in Parliament than Labour . Unable to form a deal with the Liberal Party , the Conservatives stayed on in a minority government , but found themselves back at the polls by October . The last coalition to rule the UK was formed in response to the crisis of World War II , with Conservative Winston Churchill leading an all-party administration between 1940 and 1945 .	Conservative Party leader David Cameron appointed as British prime minister Cameron said he would form coalition with Liberal Democrats Liberal Democrats leader Nick Clegg named deputy prime minister
CNN  -- The bodies of four men kidnapped from a wedding in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , have been found in the bed of a pickup truck in the city , municipal police said Tuesday . The men , kidnapped Friday , included the groom , Rafael Morales ; his brother , Jaime Morales ; and their uncle , Guadalupe Morales , municipal police spokesman Jacinto Seguro said . The fourth person 's name has not been released . All the bodies showed signs of torture , Seguro said . The bodies were found Monday afternoon and were identified on Tuesday , he said . "  It 's very sad , but , well ... that seems to be the situation , " he added . The FBI has information that Rafael Morales was a U.S. citizen from La Mesa , New Mexico , and others may be as well , said Special Agent Andrea Simmons of the El Paso , Texas , FBI office . The FBI offered assistance this weekend to local and federal police in Mexico , Simmons said , but neither has requested anything so far . The men were kidnapped after gunmen stormed into the church in the middle of the wedding ceremony on Friday , Chihuahua State Attorney General 's Office spokesman Carlos Gonzalez said Saturday . A fifth man was fatally shot in the incident , Gonzalez said . "  It 's unclear if this was gang - or drug-related , " he said . Ciudad Juarez , Chihuahua , is the most violent city in Mexico , with more than 2,600 drug-related deaths in 2009 . At least 870 people have been killed in the city this year , according to local reports . According to a report released in April by the Mexican government , Chihuahua is the Mexican state hardest hit by drug violence , with 6,757 people killed since the end of 2006 . CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Dead include the groom , who was a U.S. citizen , FBI says Four bodies showed signs of torture , police say A fifth man was fatally shot in the incident at Saturday wedding
CNN  -- Colombia 's president says devastating flooding forced him to cancel his scheduled trip to the United Nations climate change conference in Mexico this week -- even though global warming itself could be causing the disaster his country faces . "  I canceled the trip I was taking to Cancun ... to attend the international conference on climate change , which is what is affecting us , but I canceled this meeting , " President Juan Manuel Santos said in a statement Sunday . At least 194 people were killed and 248 injured after torrential rains in Colombia that have affected nearly 1.6 million people , according to the country 's interior ministry . The downpours have caused landslides and overflowing rivers , destroying at least 2,040 houses and damaging nearly 270,000 more nationwide , the ministry said . Rescue crews continued to work Monday after a landslide in the suburbs of Medellin , Colombia , buried between 30 and 50 homes , Red Cross National Deputy Director Jorge Ivan Nova told CNN . Up to 150 people were affected , he said . As of Monday night , they had found 23 bodies , Nova said , and more than 120 others could still be trapped underground . Seven others were injured . Better weather on Monday helped rescuers , but there was so much water on the ground that further mudslides were a risk , he said . Bersabe Alzate cradled her head in her hands and held back tears as she described the search for her family members . "  Two little girls , my sister-in-law and my niece -- they are trapped and they have n't been found , " Alzate told Caracol . "  They have n't been able to get them out . " The landslide occurred Sunday afternoon , while volunteers elsewhere in the province of Antioquia held a telethon to raise money for winter weather victims . "  From this tragedy that has no precedent in the history of our country , we are going to forge ahead , " Santos said Sunday after flying over some of the most severely affected areas , according to a statement on the government 's website . Colombia is considering declaring a state of emergency to devote more resources to response and rescue efforts , Santos said , noting the number of victims throughout the country could climb to 2 million . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Esprit Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : The Red Cross says 23 people are dead after a landslide , and more than 120 are missing At least 194 people have died in Colombia 's floods , authorities report Climate change "  is what is affecting us , " Colombia 's president says The interior ministry says as many as 200,000 homes have been damaged
Ann Arbor , Michigan  CNN  -- "  We did not have a right to choose where we lived ... freedom of speech , or freedom of actions . The traffickers had keys to our apartment . They controlled all of our movement and travel . They watched us and listened when we called our parents . They did n't let us make friends or tell anyone anything about ourselves . We could n't keep any of the money we earned . We could n't ask anyone for help . " -- Lena Lena was an athletic student from Eastern Europe yearning to visit the United States through a study-abroad program at her college . She had visions of learning English and returning home to share her experiences with her family . But the human traffickers who ensnared her had a different vision for Lena , shipping her to America and exploiting her in the sex industry for profit . They met her at the airport with news that her study abroad placement had been changed . She was given new bus tickets and sent off to Detroit , Michigan . Once there they took her passport and her freedom . After almost a year of enslavement , Lena risked her life to make a daring escape . She is smart , resilient and funny , and I have been honored to be her attorney through the Human Trafficking Clinic at the University of Michigan Law School . Unfortunately there are thousands of adults and children like Lena who have not been able to escape their traffickers . These victims , especially the children , are in the same position Lena was : They 're being exploited and ca n't ask anyone for help . The data on human trafficking is sparse , but what is known is terrifying . It 's already the second largest criminal industry in the world -- behind only the trade in illegal drugs -- and it 's growing fast . The global commercial sex trade exploits one million children annually . At least 100,000 and perhaps as many as 300,000 children in America are victims of sex trafficking each year . The grim reality of child sex trafficking in the United States is this : Human traffickers are selling sex with children in big cities and small towns throughout America . Child sex trafficking has been illegal in the United States since 2000 with the passage of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act . Under this law it is illegal to recruit , harbor , transport , provide or obtain a person under the age of 18 years for the purpose of a commercial sex act . Since the passage of the TVPA many states have passed their own human trafficking laws . Children who are selling sex in the United States are then , by definition , victims of human trafficking . Despite this , child victims of sex trafficking are frequently viewed as criminals rather than as victims . According to the Department of Justice in 2006 , six years after the passage of the TVPA , 1,600 children were arrested for prostitution and commercialized vice . The children victimized by sex trafficking are often very young . On average , girls are first exploited for commercial sex between the ages of 12 and 14 . For boys the average age is even younger -- between 11 and 13 . But being a victim of sex trafficking does not have to be a life sentence . Victims can become survivors and build new lives . And while Lena is no longer the young college student she once was and it is too dangerous for her to return home , her speech and actions are now her own . She can choose where she wants to live . She is free . Through my work with Lena and other clients in the Human Trafficking Clinic we have identified a number of ways to fight sex trafficking . Raise awareness within your community : One of the biggest barriers to helping victims of sex trafficking is the lack of awareness about the issue . Human traffickers profit when we think human trafficking only happens in foreign countries .  Human trafficking happens everywhere , and sex trafficking cases involving children have been found in all regions of the country . No community is immune to the horrors of human trafficking .  Communities must prioritize the fight against human trafficking -- including providing enough resources to law enforcement . Change the conversation : Children who by law are too young to consent to having sex obviously can not consent to selling sex , so :  Victims should not be described as entering into prostitution ; they are being exploited and should be described as victims of human trafficking .  Law enforcement officials often arrest and detain child victims of sex trafficking on either prostitution charges or other charges , such as truancy or curfew violations . Law enforcement must be trained about human trafficking .  Sellers of sex , especially when they are children , should not be guilty of a criminal violation . Buyers and pimps should be the only individuals at risk of criminal penalties . This would ensure that no victims are arrested or jailed . Reduce demand : The reality of sex trafficking must not be neutralized or glamorized .  Individuals who travel abroad to purchase sex from children are demonized in the media and identified as sexual predators , yet individuals who stay in the United States and pay to have sex with children are given the anonymous title "  john " -- and frequently are n't even charged with a crime .  Individuals who pay for sex with children in the United States should be punished . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bridgette Carr .	Bridgette Carr says sex trafficking thrives in U.S. communities Victims of sex trade are often wrongly viewed as criminals , she says Carr : To fight trafficking , communities must become aware , reduce demand
CNN  -- Just what is it that separates a champion athlete from the also-rans ? Natural talent , hard work and determination are all essential , but athletes and coaches are becoming increasingly aware of the crucial role diet plays in sporting success . Olympic athletes are fueled by high-carb diets . Dr Samantha Stear is national lead for performance nutrition at the English Institute of Sport  EIS  and helped make the Beijing Olympics Britain 's most successful games for a century . "  A good diet is n't going to turn a mediocre athlete into a champion , but a champion eating a bad diet may just miss out , " she told CNN . Training is the key to improving athletic performance , and the right diet is the key to sustaining a punishing training regime . Your body uses glycogen stored in the muscles to provide the energy needed for exercise , and the body makes that glycogen by breaking down the carbohydrates you eat . So carbohydrates are the vital fuel needed for training , and the more training an athlete does , the more fuel they need . Sprinters will often train for just an hour a day , whereas an endurance athlete will train for three hours or more . To sustain that level of training , sprinters need to eat around 5g of carbs per kg of body weight every day , whereas endurance athletes need at least 7g per kg . For Jamaican sprint sensation Usain Bolt , that means consuming some 450g of carbs a day , whereas , while Ethiopian distance demon Haile Gebrselassie would need at least 380g . Despite doing less training , Bolt would have to eat more carbs simply because he weighs more . So what 's the fuel of choice for these elite athletes ? "  In general , endurance athletes are better about getting a variety of carbs , just because they have to eat so many they get bored . They 're good at mixing up pasta , rice and potatoes , " says Stear . Because "  strength-and-speed " athletes do less training than endurance athletes , they have to watch their weight . Stear says sprinters often favor low glycemic-index carbs to help them keep their weight in check . What is the glycemic index ? Carb consumption becomes crucial when athletes are training more than once a day . Stear says it 's essential that athletes refuel between training sessions , otherwise they risk fatigue , which can weaken their immune system and make injury more likely . She also stresses the importance of refueling immediately after training , when the body restocks glycogen at a higher rate . When it comes to this kind of rapid refueling , athletes load up on high glycemic-index carbs , which the body can better convert to glycogen -- and then to energy . But man can not live by bread alone . Protein is needed for building and repairing muscle and is essential in the diet of athletes and non-athletes alike . Surprisingly , the protein recommendations for elite athletes are much the same as for regular folks . A confirmed couch potato needs about 0.75 g of protein per kg of body weight per day , while someone doing regular activity -- about an hour of a day -- needs some 1.2 g/kg . Endurance athletes need about 1.3 g/kg and strength and speed athletes , with their extra muscle volume , need about 1.5 g/kg . Even once the competition has begun , nutrition has a role in keeping the body working at its best . In endurance events , from distance running to tennis , the main danger for an athlete is dehydration . "  In a marathon the runners need to refuel and rehydrate and one of the best ways of doing that is with a sports drink . They provide carbs for fuel and there 's salt in there to help with electrolyte loss and help with the absorption of the water , " says Stear . As well as eating the right food , athletes use a host of ergogenic aids to maximize performance . For example , some athletes use buffers such as sodium bicarbonate and sodium citrate to neutralize the lactic acid that builds up in the blood during exercise , fending off fatigue , while others choose to have a caffeine boost on race day . Stear says the EIS uses over 100 ergogenic aids to aid performance , as well giving athletes assorted anti-oxidants , fish oils and amino acids to boost their immune system . Diet is a serious business at the EIS , which employs 18 nutritionists . Although performance nutrition was only brought in to the set up in 2005 , it has clearly had an impact on British sport . At the 2004 Olympic Games Britain won nine golds -- at the 2008 games team GB won 19 . While nutrition alone can not take the credit for that remarkable improvement , when London hosts the Olympic Games in 2012 , the competitors will be all too aware the right diet could be the difference between gold and silver	The right diet can be the difference between a gold and silver medal Carbohydrate intake is the key to sustaining a punishing training regime A sprinter like Usain Bolt needs to eat 450g of carbohydrates each day Rehydration with sports drinks is essential during endurance events
New York  CNN  -- New York police have detained a 20-year-old woman they say left a baby in a stroller on a subway platform Monday . A witness told police she saw a woman , described as between 20 and 30 years old , push a stroller from a subway car onto the platform when the doors opened . The woman did n't get off the train , instead letting the doors slide closed and continuing on , according to the witness . After waiting 20 minutes with the baby on the platform to see if the caretaker or mother would return for the child , the witness alerted police . The 7-month-old girl is in stable condition at nearby St. Luke 's Hospital . She was not malnourished , though she suffers from a bit of eczema , police said . Early Tuesday morning , police announced they had detained a woman for questioning . They did n't release her name but said she was the baby 's mother . ` Baby hatch ' inundated with abandoned , disabled children Texas jogger finds child abandoned in bushes after car theft CNN 's Julie Cannold contributed to this report .	A witness sees a woman push a stroller from a subway car after its doors open She leaves the stroller and baby on the platform , and she continues riding the train Police say the baby girl is in stable condition and not malnourished New York police have detained a 20-year-old woman , say she 's the baby 's mother
Turkey 's flagship airline is facing the threat of a strike after negotiations with the country 's main aviation workers union collapsed . The head of the Turkish Civilian Aviation Union , or Hava-Is , said the strike against Turkish Airlines would go into effect at 3 a.m. local time Wednesday . "  All of Turkish Airlines ' functions will stop , no passenger flights , no cargo services , no connecting flights , " Hava-Is president Atilay Aycin said in a phone interview with CNN . "  All sectors starting with the tourism industry who are doing business with Turkish Airlines will be affected , " Aycin added . Hava-Is says it represents 14,000 Turkish airlines workers . Turkish Airlines published a statement Tuesday , acknowledging that its management failed to reach an agreement on a labor dispute "  due to uncompromising and imposing approaches of the Union . " The airline urged its employees to "  disregard " the proposed strike . It also accused Hava-Is of "  trying to plunge Turkish Airlines and its employees into an indefinite strike adventure which will benefit nobody . " Hava-Is ' leadership says it is has been negotiating salaries and rest periods for long flights , which the union 's president says do not meet international standards . Though recently privatized , Turkish Airlines is 49 % government-owned . Its fleet of airplanes and schedule of routes have expanded dramatically in the last decade , as Turkey has enjoyed a period of solid economic growth . The Turkish government has developed a pattern of using the airline as an extension of Turkey 's "  soft power . " The airline has extended routes to new countries , in conjunction with bilateral diplomatic overtures from Ankara . But the airline has also been caught up in the culture wars that frequently pit Turkey 's ruling pious Muslim elite against more secular segments of Turkish society . This month , Turkish Airlines attracted international attention when the company announced it was banning certain shades of lipstick and nail polish among flight attendants . Turkish flight attendants see red over lipstick policy Outrage spilled into social media and newspaper columns , as secular critics accused the airline 's management of imposing conservative religious values on the company . A similar uproar emerged after the company announced it would stop serving alcohol on a number of domestic and international routes .	Negotiations with the country 's main aviation workers union have collapsed Strike against Turkish Airlines could go into effect at 3 a.m. local time Wednesday Airline says its management failed to reach an agreement on a labor dispute Union leadership says it is has been negotiating salaries and rest periods for long flights
New York  CNN  -- Not everyone expects a response when they write a letter to the president of the United States . But Caroline Jamieson got much more than she expected when her husband ended up in jail and afraid he would be deported . Jamieson , vice president of marketing at a new-media advertising company , wrote President Barack Obama in January because her husband , Herv Fonkou Takoulo , was facing deportation to his native Cameroon . Takoulo failed in a bid before political asylum almost a decade ago , and a judge issued a deportation order after they were married . After he and Jamieson married on 2005 , Takoulo applied for a green card based on his marriage to a U.S. citizen . But immigration law requires that the deportation order be lifted before the couple can appear before immigration officials to argue their case that the marriage is legitimate and not a ploy to legalize Takoulo 's presence in the United States . "  We want to be given the chance to interview and prove that we are a married couple , so Herv can get a green card , and that has proven extremely difficult to do , " Jamieson told CNN . They never received a direct response to the letter . But they did get two Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  officers waiting outside their East Village , Manhattan apartment on June 3 when Takoulo was leaving the apartment to go to the gym . Jamieson told CNN that the officers cornered her husband and asked him if he had written a letter to the president . "  He said ` No , but my wife did . ' And they explained that with that letter -- when it was brought to their attention -- that the Obama administration wanted them to resolve this quickly , ' " Jamieson said . Her husband was held at ICE headquarters for six hours , alone in a room , until he was chained at the wrists , around his stomach and his ankles and taken to the Hudson County Correctional Center in New Jersey , she said . For the next two weeks , a frantic Jamieson wrote letters to politicians and anyone else who might be able to help . She got responses , she said , but none seemed to lead anywhere . Takoulo was allowed to call his wife once a day at designated times but he knew little about his situation . He spent his days with repeat sex offenders and men accused of felonies , fearing imminent deportation . "  I did everything I could and went into survival mode and pushed for all these connections to the press , " she said . "  We are fortunate to have that leverage . What about the people in the country who do n't have access to those means ? " Then , on Thursday , he was brought to an immigration processing jail in Manhattan and released . There was no explanation offered for his release , but Takoulo is now wearing an electronic ankle monitor while his case is being reviewed . ICE spokesman Brian P. Hale said the circumstances of Takoulo 's arrest were undergoing an internal review and he was released as "  an alternative to detention pending a review of his case . " Investigators are looking to determine whether "  appropriate separation " between Jamieson 's letter to the president and Takoulo 's deportation case were violated . If so , he said , the case will go to the ICE Office of Professional Responsibility and the Homeland Security Department 's inspector general for "  immediate and appropriate action . " Takoulo graduated from the State University of New York at Stony Brook with an engineering degree in 2008 and received several job interview offers after graduation . But the deportation order hung over his head and prevented any followup . "  All he wants to do is contribute to this economy , " Jamieson told CNN . "  We want to be a productive couple . He 's been dying to work . " The couple has been following Barack Obama 's rise in the political world since 2004 . "  I felt a special kinship to him because I 'm of mixed race , and my husband obviously has a similar background , " Jamieson told CNN . Regardless of whether or not her letter was mishandled , the incident has deeply affected the couple 's faith in the Obama administration . "  I feel really confused , I do n't understand how something like this is possible . I ca n't imagine that at the top of the Obama administration that they realize that something like this is happening , " Jamieson told CNN .	Woman sends letter to President Obama about fears of husband being deported ICE officers arrest him , and he is in jail for two weeks Released when case starts attracting media attention ICE investigating whether agents inappropriately arrested him after letter
CNN  -- It never fails , put out a list of favorite whatevers and it will ignite a firestorm of flaming opinions . What sparked the frenzy this time ? A list of five cool destinations for airplane geeks and roto heads -- um , I mean aviation enthusiasts . Honestly no list is ever going to satisfy this crowd . Everyone has their OWN list , as shown by CNN commenters who wrote questions like , "  What about Oshkosh ? " "  Do n't forget San Diego . " "  Hey , check out what they have at Oregon 's Evergreen . " Their energy and excitement punched through the page , proof of the passion that powers aviation fans , including the closet geeks who fly under the radar . Related story : These people really love to fly Indiana Some of the comments yielded the unexpected . About three hours southeast of Chicago , there 's a big surprise in the tiny town of Peru , Indiana -- population 11,417 . CNN commenter lastdomino pointed out Grissom Air Museum as an "  off-the beaten path gem . " Indeed you are correct , lastdomino ! This gem has three aircraft crown jewels : -- An F-102 variant trainer jet called the TF-102A that was flown by a young Air National Guardsman by the name of George W. Bush , according to museum officials . -- A sharp F-100C Super Sabre fighter plane that the museum says was formerly piloted by some guy named Neil Armstrong . Later , he went on to be the first man to walk on the moon . -- A World War II-era B-25J bomber named Passionate Paulette , which you may have already seen -- if you 've ever watched the classic 1970 film "  Catch-22 . " "  If you 're ever close ... definitely worth the trip , " lastdomino wrote . The place where dead airplanes come back to life Ohio To the east of Indiana near Dayton , Ohio , lies the aviation museum that rivals the Smithsonian , and which some say surpasses it . An avalanche of CNN comments raved about the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force , which is sometimes mistakenly referred to as Wright-Patterson Air Force Museum because of its location at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base . Not to oversell it , but this place bills itself as "  the world 's largest and oldest military aviation museum . " CNN commenter Mark Swanson showed his enthusiasm when he wrote : "  You need to get to the presidential exhibit hangar at the Air Force Museum in Dayton to see the cool stuff . We 've been everywhere else , like Pima -LSB- Air & Space Museum -RSB- and AMARG , -LSB- aka The Boneyard -RSB- , but this hangar is mecca for all true believers in the First Church of Aircraft Worship . " The star of the exhibit Swanson is referring to is a Boeing VC-137C called SAM  Special Air Mission  26000 . It 's safe to say this is one of the most historic aircraft in the world . It 's the jet that served as Air Force One for President Kennedy 's 1963 trip to Cold War Berlin , where he made his famous "  Ich bin ein Berliner " speech . It 's the aircraft where Lyndon Johnson took the presidential oath of office after Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas . It 's the plane that ferried President Nixon to Beijing in 1972 to open U.S.-Chinese relations , triggering events that still affect us . Not enough White House for ya ? This place also houses planes that flew Franklin Roosevelt , Harry Truman and Dwight Eisenhower . Other aircraft include the downright weird XF-85 Goblin , a stubby little so-called "  parasite fighter " developed to protect bombers after World War II . Wisconsin Commenter XR1138 clearly loves the famous airshow in Oshkosh , Wisconsin . As a teen , XR watched aviation hall of famer Clarence "  Bud " Anderson perform "  the most incredible display of piloting skill and energy management that I have ever seen and probably will never see again . " Officially , it 's called 2012 AirVenture Oshkosh . It started as a gathering of 150 people and a handful of airplanes in 1953 and has blown up as one of sport aviation 's top-drawer events , attracting more than a half-million visitors each year , according to its website . This year the airshow is set for July 23-29 , and as usual , more than 10,000 spectacular aircraft from around the globe are expected to fly in for the Badger State 's world-famous aerial celebration . "  I personally met -LSB- "  miracle on the Hudson " pilot -RSB- Capt. Sully -LSB- Sullenberger -RSB- , -LSB- legendary test pilot -RSB- Chuck Yeager , and -LSB- Apollo 13 commander -RSB- Jim Lovell at AirVenture 2011 , " posted commenter NoKidding111 . "  Hope all you fellow ` airplane geeks ' can make it . If you have n't been - you WILL NOT regret it . " California and Oregon Two suggestions from CNN commenters were destinations on the West Coast . San Diego Air & Space Museum boasts one of only five Convair YF2Y-1 Sea Darts ever produced . What sets the Sea Dart apart ? Waterskiis ! This unusual figher jet was designed as the "  first combat-type plane equipped with retractable hydro-skis , the first delta-winged seaplane and the first supersonic seaplane in the world , " according to the museum . In McMinnville , Oregon , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum is the home of Howard Hughes ' obsession -- that amazing wooden behemoth dubbed the Spruce Goose . It may be the most famous plane that never flew more than one minute . You can read more about it here . What 's on your aviation bucket list ? Where would you like to go for a top-notch aviation thrill ? Tell us in the comments section below .	CNN commenters suggest spots for aviation enthusiasts Indiana 's Grissom Air Museum has planes flown by George W. Bush , Neil Armstrong Oshkosh , Wisconsin , air show is not to be missed , say commenters San Diego has first supersonic seaplane ; Oregon has Howard Hughes ' Spruce Goose
VANCOUVER , British Columbia  CNN  -- When Canadian cocaine smuggler Charles Lai was being sentenced in a Seattle federal courtroom last month , the judge sending him to prison for 13 years offered a small item of good news . A suspected gang member in Vancouver is taken out of a bar in handcuffs . At least behind bars , Judge James Robart said , drug smuggler Lai would not become another fatality in Vancouver 's gang wars . Authorities in Vancouver , just 30 miles from the border , are struggling to deal with the boom in the drug trade between the United States and Canada , along with the violence that has come with it . Cocaine from Mexico -- and many of the guns that fuel the violence -- come north via the United States . Canadian smugglers then bring south high-quality marijuana known as "  BC Bud " and synthetic drugs like methamphetamine . A recent U.N. drug report named Canada as the "  primary " supplier of Ecstasy to the United States . The gang killings are blamed in part over who will control which areas of this estimated $ 6 billion-a-year narcotics trade . Beyond the string of slayings and shootings that have taken place over the last two years are the new modes in which the violence is carried out . "  It 's the type of murders , the more brazen public shootings , the shootings in front of the grocery store with automatic weapons , " said superintendent Pat Fogarty of the Royal Mounted Police , who oversees a special multi-jurisdictional unit that is taking on the gangs and larger criminal organizations behind them . "  It 's common now for gangsters to carry body armor and wear it , to have bulletproof cars , " Fogarty said . "  What that does is when one gang is shooting up another gang , their .40 - calibers are n't able to pierce the body armor of the vehicle or the body armor of the vests . So what we 've seen is an elevation in firepower , which is a scary process . " Watch how authorities are fighting the gangs " Some of the incidents have already become legend : the car radio repairman killed while fixing a gangster 's stereo , thugs shooting up the parking garage of a mall with machine guns , the postal worker refusing to deliver mail to a street where a family with well-known gang ties live . The gangs -- police estimate there at least 120 different groups operating in Vancouver and the surrounding area -- have names like the UN , the Red Scorpions , the Big Circle Boys and the Independent Soldiers . They are mostly homegrown operations or recruits from immigrant communities . Some gang members come from middle-class families and join up expecting the Hollywood version of criminal life . "  These guys act like rock stars , " said Sgt. Kieron McConnell of the British Columbia Integrated Gang Task Force . It 's McConnell 's job to remove what he calls "  the mystique of being a gangster . " A 20-year police veteran with a looming frame and completely bald head , McConnell and the officers who patrol with him act as a buzzkill to many gang members ' night on the town . The Gang Task Force slowly winds through bars and clubs known for their gangster clientele . Until closing time , the police check for identification and run names . Through an agreement with most of the bars in the city , when police find anyone with a history of violence or drug peddling , they can bounce them from the establishment -- no questions asked . The police 's goal is not to harass the gang members , they say , but to remove a potential target from an area full of bystanders . "  We are encouraging them not to bring violence with them to where they socialize , " McConnell said . Chris Mohan 's son did not need to go far , however , to become an innocent victim of the gangs . The violence literally came to his doorstep . In October 2007 , Mohan , 22 years old , was walking out of the apartment where he lived with his parents when gang hit men came to murder a neighbor police believe was involved in the drug trade . Mohan was one of six people killed in the shooting . "  They killed Chris , but I got a life sentence , " Mohan 's mother , Eileen Mohan , said of having to live without her son . Despite what they took from her , Eileen Mohan does not show any fear of the gangs . She has become an advocate for tougher sentencing of violent criminals , attends the hearings for the men accused of her son 's killing and still lives in the apartment where he died . Her mission now is to hurt gangsters . "  They touched my life illegally , I want to touch theirs legally , " she said . Even though police say they are taking the fight to the gangs like never before , it remains to be seen if authorities can totally dismantle Vancouver 's gangs and the larger criminal organization behind them . Watch how border agents look for smuggled drugs " Police say they need legislation passed that would enable them to monitor encrypted cell phone conversations and for the legal system to pass down stiffer sentences on gangsters . Tougher sentences may explain why more Canadian drug traffickers like Charles Lai face a courtroom in America , not Canada . Even though Canadian authorities say they are capable of trying their own criminals , crime experts say police are sometimes all too happy if smugglers are captured in the United States , where they face a less bureaucratic justice system and longer stretches in jail . "  In these regional operations , the tendency has been for the offenders to be arrested , charged and processed in the United States , not Canada , " said Robert Gordon , director of the School of Criminology at the Simon Fraser University in British Columbia . "  That 's an indictment of how we are handling this . "	Thirty miles from U.S. border , authorities in Vancouver confronting gang warfare Violence the result of turf wars over increased narcotics trade Innocent bystanders have fallen victim to gangsters ' heavy firepower Drug dealers sometimes tried in the U.S. , where sentencing is stiffer
CNN  -- A failed terrorist attack in a central Stockholm district full of Christmas shoppers could have been catastrophic , Swedish authorities said late Saturday . Police are investigating whether two explosions in Stockholm , an e-mail threat sent shortly before the attack that mentions Afghanistan and the body of a man who was apparently killed in one of the explosions are related . "  Most worrying attempt at terrorist attack in crowded part of central Stockholm . Failed -- but could have been truly catastrophic , " Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt said in a Twitter message on Saturday . A Swedish news agency and police said they received e-mail threats against the Swedish people 10 minutes before the explosions , which killed one person and injured two others on Saturday . "  We have not taken any decision to increase the terror threat level , " said Swedish Security Police spokesman Mikael Gunnarsson . "  And apart from the e-mail we did n't have any other indications or threats that this would happen , " Gunnarsson added . The writer of the e-mail mentions the presence of Swedish troops in Afghanistan and a Swedish cartoonist who depicted the Prophet Mohammed , according to TT , a Swedish news wire . The e-mails contained sound files featuring a person speaking in Swedish and Arabic , TT reported . The sender referred to Swedish silence regarding the Afghanistan troops and the controversial cartoon by Lars Vilks that depicted Mohammed as having the body of a dog . "  Now your children , daughters and sisters will die like our brothers and sisters and children are dying , " the e-mail states , according to TT . "  Our actions will speak for themselves , " the person said in an audio recording attached to the email . "  As long as you do n't end your war against Islam and the humiliation against the prophet and with your stupid support to Lars Vilks the pig . " Swedish terrorism expert Magnus Ranstorp told CNN that he did not believe the attacker acted alone . "  This was not something where he just woke up and thought that he would blow himself up , " said Ranstorp , a professor at the Swedish military academy and a former professor in terrorism studies at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland . Police said the explosions were in a popular pedestrian shopping area . "  One explosion happened at the intersection of Drottninggatan and Olof Palmes Gata , " two busy streets in central Stockholm , said police spokeswoman Petra Sjolander . "  This was the car that exploded multiple times . " A second explosion occurred about five minutes later , at the intersection of Drottninggatan and Bryggargatan streets , Sjolander said . An unidentified man was found dead at the scene of the second blast . "  We do n't know at this point what caused the second explosion , " Sjolander said , describing it as suspicious . A bag was found near the body , she said . "  We had bomb technicians on site , but I ca n't give you any details of what they did , " Sjolander told CNN . A bomb robot rolled up to the body and removed the bag for examination , according to the Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter . In the first incident , multiple blasts went off in a car , according to Sjolander . "  It is likely that this was some kind of gas tubes that have caused the car to explode multiple times , " she said . Two people at the site of the car explosion were taken to the hospital with minor injuries , she said . Video on Sweden 's TV4 showed flames spewing from the car , which was parked behind several others . The e-mail writer ended the message with a call for action "  to all Mujahadeen in Europe and Sweden , " TT said . "  Now is the time to strike , do n't wait any longer , " the message read , according to TT . "  Step up with whatever you have , even if it is a knife , and I know you have more than a knife . Fear no one , fear not prison , fear not death . " TT said that it was not clear from the e-mail or the audio files if the person belongs to any specific organization . The person claimed to have been to the Middle East and asked family for forgiveness for lying to them . "  I did n't go to the middle east to work , " the writer wrote . "  I went there for jihad . "	NEW : Dead man has not been formally identified NEW : Police say they received email threat before explosions Sweden 's Foreign Minister says incident was terrorist attack 1 is dead , 2 are injured in explosions
CNN  A Saudi Arabian rights activist sentenced to prison and 1,000 lashes for insulting Islam will not be flogged Friday because of medical reasons , his wife said . Raif Badawi , convicted on charges that included insulting Islam , had been scheduled to receive the second of 20 sentenced floggings after Friday prayers in Jeddah . He received the first flogging on January 9 . A doctor who examined him before the scheduled flogging determined that his wounds had not yet healed and that the flogging should be delayed , human rights group Amnesty International said . "  The doctor concluded that the wounds had not yet healed properly and that he would not be able to withstand another round of lashes at this time , " Amnesty International said in a statement . Badawi 's wife , Ensaf Haida , said from her home in Canada that she expects the floggings to resume next Friday . One of his friends , Ali Rizvi , said from Toronto that the delay is "  definitely encouraging . " "  None of us are completely satisfied , " he told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  This is the Saudi regime , " he said . "  We do n't know what 's going to happen from here onwards , but it 's definitely a step in the right direction . " Rights groups and others , including the U.S. State Department , have called for Saudi Arabia to call off the floggings , the first of which appeared to be captured on unverified cell phone video uploaded to YouTube . "  Not only does this postponement on health grounds expose the utter brutality of this punishment , it underlines its outrageous inhumanity , " said Said Boumedouha , Amnesty International 's deputy Middle East and North Africa program director . Badawi was convicted in 2014 and sentenced to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes after creating an online forum in 2008 that his wife says was meant to encourage discussion about faith .	Saudi activist 's flogging delayed on medical grounds , his wife says A friend calls the delay "  definitely encouraging "
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- A car bomb Thursday rocked a southern suburb of Lebanon 's capital -- an area known as a stronghold of the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah , the Lebanese Army said . Eighteen people were killed and 291 were wounded , the Lebanese national news agency NNA reported . Video shown on Hezbollah 's Al-Manar TV showed fierce flames engulfing several cars in the Beirut suburb . Thick , black smoke rose from the vehicles ; a nearby building also appeared to be on fire . Ambulances were rushing to the site of the blast , NNA reported . "  Army units arrived immediately at the scene , enforcing a security zone within the area of explosion while military experts initiated investigations under the concerned judiciary 's surveillance , " the army said . After the blast , a YouTube video surfaced in which three masked men holding weapons claimed they are part of a group responsible for the attack . They stood before a large Arabic sign containing the Islamic creed , "  There is no God but Allah , and Mohammed is the messenger of Allah . " The group , which calls itself "  The brigade of Aisha , Mother of Believers , " accused Hezbollah of being aggressors . Aisha is the last wife of the Prophet Muhammad and is especially revered by Sunni Muslims . In its YouTube post , the group called Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah a "  pig " and said he works on behalf of Iran and Israel . "  A message : To our brothers and sisters in Lebanon : Stay away from anything to do with Iran -- whether in Beirut or outside Beirut , " it said . Hezbollah is a Shiite movement in Lebanon . Along with Shiite-dominated Iran , the group is helping Syria 's government fight rebels , whose ranks are dominated by Sunnis . CNN could not confirm the authenticity of the video or the men 's claims . The U.S. Embassy in Beirut tweeted condemnations of the attack . Civil Defense units were trying to rescue some citizens stuck inside their homes due to the fire resulting from the blast , NNA reported . The explosion comes about a month after a car bomb injured dozens of people in the pro-Hezbollah neighborhood of Bir El Abed , located in a southern Beirut suburb . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom reported from Beirut , Lebanon . CNN 's Yasmin Amer reported from Atlanta .	NEW : 18 killed , 291 wounded , state news says The army says a car bomb caused the blast An unknown group claims responsibility in a YouTube video The area is a Hezbollah stronghold
CNN  It should be a match made in heaven . But in the last decade the "  Wild Thing " has n't prospered in the blustery environs of Pebble Beach on the Monterey Peninsula in California . Since 1991 , John Daly has played 10 times at the AT&T National Pro-Am , and not made the cut once . Thursday saw one of golf 's most colorful -- quite literally -- characters tame the conditions , however , to shoot an impressive opening round of 65 . The 48-year-old has had well documented battles with alcohol and gambling during his career but showed he can still mix it with the best with a combination of big hitting and short game prowess . Daly , a two-time major champion , carded seven birdies in a bogey-free round to sit one off the lead , held by fellow Americans J.B. Holmes and Justin Hicks . It was his best opening round since 2005 . "  It 's been a long time since I played that well in the first round of this tournament , " Daly told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  I still feel like I got somewhat of the length to play somewhat long golf courses . Not like some of the guys , but I just hit it in good positions and I left myself those six or seven pins that were back that I left myself good uphill putts . "  I had about four or five gim me birdies -- that always helps too . Did n't knock any over the green . " Daly is renowned for his colorful attire and is usually accompanied on the course by his caddie -- girlfriend Anna Cladakis , who also dresses accordingly . He has long been a popular player on the Tour , partly due to his hitting prowess -- he was the first man to average over 300 yards per drive over the course of a full season in 1997 . But he also gained fans for being the antithesis of the traditional golfer with his flowing locks , alternative dress sense and , at times , controversial private life . He has twice been banned by the PGA , once for six months in 2008 when he was found drunk outside a restaurant in North Carolina and spent a night in jail . Daly 's breakthrough came at the 1991 PGA Championship . Daly only got in as a ninth alternate and went on to win by three shots to claim his first PGA title . He followed that up with the 1995 British Open , defeating Constantino Rocca after the Italian had holed a miraculous 60-foot putt on the final hole to force a playoff . Daly has only two top 10 finishes to his name since 2006 and last came close to winning a title when he was beaten by 14-time major champion Tiger Woods in a playoff at a World Golf Championships event . He is playing the pro-am with Herm Edwards , a former NFL star who went on to coach the New York Jets and Kansas City Chiefs , and he was full of praise for his partner 's upbeat attitude . "  He 's just the most positive human being in the world , " Daly said . "  No matter what happens , everything 's positive . Me and  fellow player  Tommy Gainey were talking about it . We would like to go see him speak somewhere , just to get fired up . "	American golfer John Daly one off the lead after an opening round of 65 at Pebble Beach Daly is known as "  Wild Thing " and famous for his colorful attire on the course The 48-year-old has had well documented battles with alcohol and gambling Daly has two major titles to his name - the British Open and PGA Championship
CNN  -- "  Success breeds success . " So reads the motto of Aga Khan Studs , one of the most formidable breeding operations anywhere in the world . It is at the Aga Khan 's vast stud in Normandy that one of the most eagerly-awaited births in the history of racing took place in February of this year when Zarkava , the winner of the 2008 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe , gave birth to her foal by 2009 winner Sea the Stars . "  I 've rarely had that quality of stock to breed with , " explains Georges Rimaud , stud manager to the Aga Khan . "  It 's not every year you get a female winner of the Arc and a stallion that is also a champion and that you have access to . We tend not to do this type of mating with an unproven horse , with an unproven mare , but we thought this really had to be done . " Despite an undefeated racing career of seven wins over seven starts , including her magnificent Arc triumph , Zarkava is said to be "  unproven " because she has not as yet produced any winners herself . Many successful racehorses fail to make an impact at stud . But Rimaud believes that the majestic thoroughbred has every chance of being a superior brood mare . "  It 's all in the blood . If the foal can get all of the qualities of each of his parents then that would be marvelous . But if he does just half of what they each did individually then I think he will still be pretty good . " Despite his illustrious pedigree , experts are divided about the exact role that genetics plays in determining a future champion . Richard Piercy , a professor at the UK 's Royal Veterinary College , believes punters should n't be pinning their hopes on the "  superfoal " just yet . "  Estimates that have been looked at from my research perspective to see how well performance can be inherited suggest that somewhere in the order of between 10-40 per cent of inheritance can come from the parents with regards to performance , " said Piercy . "  But of course many other factors can relate to whether an animal can be successful or not , such as conditions of the day , the ability of the jockey , the temperament of the horse and other environmental factors -- all of those things also play a role . " Rimaud is sanguine about his colt 's chances of emulating the success of his parents : "  We have some very well-bred horses that can not run to save their lives . That happens . "  Our role is to give him all the opportunities : give him the right food , the right care . There are so many things that are going to happen between now and the day he starts racing . Lots of people are going to be involved . It 's a team effort , including him , he 's part of the team . " ` Success breeds success ' . This is what we say . And it seems to work . " What 's in a name ? The foal is , as yet , unnamed . He wo n't be given a formal name until he starts racing at two years old . Georges Rimaud explains the logic behind the name : "  Ideally it should contain a reference to both parents . "  You would take the first three letters from the dam 's name and combine that with something to make a word that had some significance . We present a list of names to His Highness the Aga Khan and he makes the final decision . "	Aga Khan Studs is located in the Normandy region of France The "  Superfoal " born in February is the product of two champion horses The foal is the child Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winning duo Zarkava and Sea the Stars
CNN  -- The Civil Air Patrol has called off the search for multimillionaire adventurer Steve Fossett , nearly a month after he took off from a Nevada ranch , the agency announced Tuesday . Adventurer Steve Fossett has been missing since September 3 . Fossett , 63 , was last seen September 3 when he left hotel magnate Barron Hilton 's private Minton , Nevada , ranch in a single-engine plane . He was reported missing after his Bellanca Super Decathlon failed to return from the flight . Fossett was said to be scouting test sites for a future attempt at breaking the land speed record . In a statement announcing the end of the effort , the Civil Air Patrol said rescuers covered 20,000 square miles in an effort to locate Fossett -- "  one of the largest , most intensive searches for a missing aircraft in modern history . " "  The Civil Air Patrol joins the rest of the aviation world and admirers worldwide in its disappointment in not locating Steve Fossett , " said Brig. Gen. Amy S. Courter , the agency 's acting national commander . Fossett was the first man to fly around the world in a balloon alone and the first solo pilot to circle the globe without refueling . He holds 14 world records in airplane flight , two for ballooning , six in gliders and one in an airship , in addition to 11 records for sailing and one for cross-country skiing . "  This remarkable man showed us what grit and determination are all about , " Courter said . "  In his life , he chased and shattered world records , floating and flying farther and faster than anyone before . His adventures are many and his accomplishments profound . We regret that those adventures may have come to an end . " The search was scaled back September 19 , but rescuers said they would continue to pursue tips sent by phone and e-mail . E-mail to a friend	The Nevada Civil Air Patrol had been looking for Fossett for nearly a month The 63-year-old record-breaker was last seen September 3 CAP called search "  one of the largest , most intensive searches " in history Fossett was first to fly around the globe in a balloon , among other feats
By 2030 , the top cancer killers in the United States will be lung , pancreas and liver , according to a new report published Monday in the American Association for Cancer Research 's journal . Lung cancer is already the top killer overall , but pancreatic and liver cancer will surpass the cancers currently considered the second and third leading causes of death , researchers say . Right now , second most dangerous is breast cancer for women and prostate cancer for men ; and third is colorectal cancer for both men and women . Researchers looked at trends in cancer incidence and death rates between 2006 and 2010 , and used that data -- combined with expected U.S. demographic changes -- to predict numbers for 2030 . Overall , the cancer-related death rate has been decreasing , researchers say , as a result of improved screening and treatment options . Yet while deaths from breast , prostate and colon cancers are projected to drop , deaths caused by liver , pancreatic , bladder and leukemia cancers are expected to increase . In fact , liver and pancreatic cancers will surpass breast and prostate to become the second and third-leading causes of cancer-related deaths , the researchers say . "  We 've been able to turn the tide in other cancers , with an investment in  research  , " said lead author Lynn Matrisian , vice president of scientific and medical affairs at the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network , which funded the study . "  We 're hoping that with increased effort ... we will be able to impact and change those projections . " The rate of pancreatic cancer has been slowly increasing for the past 15 years , says Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society . Some of that rise can be attributed to the prevalence of obesity and diabetes . "  Many Americans are not aware that the combination of obesity , high-caloric intake and lack of physical activity is the second-leading cause of cancer in the U.S. , " Brawley said . "  It is linked to at least 12 types of cancer , of which these are two . This is an American problem ... the rise in pancreatic cancer is not as severe as in Europe where obesity is less of an issue . " Obesity may affect cancer patients ' outcomes Overall , the number of cancer cases is expected to increase over the next 16 years , due to the rapidly aging population . In 2010 , the United States had about 1.5 million cases of cancer ; in 2030 , researchers expect that number to reach 2.1 million . "  We 're living much longer in the United States , so the number of people 65 age and older will be much greater , " Matrisian said . "  And that 's , of course , one of the biggest risk factors for cancer : Age . " Lung , breast , prostate and colorectal cancers are currently the most common in the United States . Known as the "  big four , " these cancers have the highest incidence rates and receive the most research funding from the National Cancer Institute . This is unlikely to change by 2030 , the researchers say , except for colorectal cancer , which is expected to be surpassed by thyroid , melanoma and uterine cancers in total number of cases . "  The decrease in colorectal cancer , falling from the top four incidence and top two in deaths , seems to be primarily the result of advances in colorectal cancer screening , " the report authors write . The dramatic increase in thyroid cases is not a new epidemic , they say , but simply an increase in the number of cases being diagnosed . And while thyroid cancer has a 98 % five-year survival rate , only 6 % of pancreatic cancer patients are alive five years after diagnosis . The pancreas is difficult to scan with current imaging technologies , Matrisian says , because of its location in the body . And pancreatic tumors are often surrounded by dense tissue that render drugs useless . Surgery is the only treatment known to cure pancreatic cancer , but less than 20 % of cases are operable , the report says . "  If we want to change the death rate for these diseases , it is necessary to increase the investment in understanding them and identifying early detection strategies , " the report says .	Liver , pancreatic cancers to surpass breast , prostate as leading causes of death Rate of pancreatic cancer has been increasing steadily , in part because of obesity Aging population will increase cancer incidence rates in the U.S. and abroad
CNN  -- Manchester United 's financial state was thrown into stark relief on Thursday after the English club 's American owners revealed a record loss of $ 137 million despite making an unprecedented operating profit of $ 160 million . The disparity of figures is largely caused by interest payments of $ 67 million and a one-off cost of $ 107 million relating to the Premier League outfit 's bond scheme , launched in January to help restructure the debts accrued by the Glazer family in purchasing the 18-time English champions in 2005 . The club produced a record turnover of $ 455 million for the year ended June 2010 , more than double that of local rivals Manchester City , but suffered a big swing from last year 's profit of $ 77 million -- which was largely due to the world-record $ 130 million sale of Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid . However , United chief executive David Gill insisted that the Glazers were not in the same position as fellow Americans Tom Hicks and George Gillett , who have been forced to sell Liverpool due to debts incurred in buying the now ailing five-time European champions . "  We are not a club that needs to sell . We have money in the bank so there is zero pressure on that , no pressure at all to sell any star player whether it is Wayne Rooney or X , Y or Z. I can categorically say that , " Gill told the UK Press Association . "  There was no desire at all from anyone at the club to sell Cristiano -- he wanted to go , and as a result we managed to extract a world-record fee . The philosophy is to retain and attract the best players . We have # 165 million  # 260 million  in the bank , but in some ways we would prefer to have # 80 million in the bank and Ronaldo on the pitch . " Giggs targets third European crown Gill was heartened by figures such as those showing that the club has the lowest wages-turnover ratio in the Premier League of 46 % , despite player salaries rising from $ 195 million to $ 210 million . By comparison , Premier League champions Chelsea 's wage bill was last reported at $ 226 million , Manchester City 's is $ 212 million and Arsenal 's $ 175 million . "  There are very good results for the club with records here , there and everywhere but they are complicated with non-cash items and exceptional one-off hits , " Gill said . "  The United fans should not be concerned . We have a long-term financing structure in place , excellent revenues that are growing , we are controlling our costs and we can afford the interest on our long-term finance . "  In our opinion , if something changed in the ownership , this club will survive and continue -- it is covering the financing cost more than adequately . We still have cash to invest in players and to give good contracts to players , and we are comfortable with the business model . " While United 's overall debt has risen to $ 830 million , the accounts revealed that the Glazers did not take out any money from the club to service their high-interest payment-in-kind loans of $ 318 million . United 's media revenues rose to $ 167 million but match-day income fell to $ 160 million , reflecting moves by supporters ' clubs to undermine the Glazers by boycotting games . The Premier League on Friday confirmed that Liverpool 's prospective new owners , New England Sports Ventures , have passed the ruling body 's criteria . However , NESV -- who own the Boston Red Sox baseball team -- face a court battle with Hicks and Gillett , who are trying to block the sale agreed by Liverpool 's board this week . Meanwhile , veteran Manchester United goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar has denied reports claiming that he has decided to retire at the end of this season . "  That 's complete nonsense . I do n't yet know whether I will stop or continue after this season . Only in the course of this season will I think about it . Then I will decide and not before . For now I keep my focus on United , " the 39-year-old Dutchman told website www.sport-promotion.nl .	Man Utd 's owners make record loss of $ 137 million despite operating profit of $ 160 million Glazer family 's debts incurred in buying English club in 2005 largely to blame The 18-time English champions ' turnover for year ended June 2010 was $ 455 million United 's wage bill is only 46 percent of turnover , the lowest ratio in Premier League
CNN  -- When it comes to rock 'n' roll on the radio today -- outside the ghetto of rock-only stations -- to paraphrase punk patriarch Lou Reed , there 's almost nothing going down at all . Take a look at the Billboard singles charts in 2011 . The only relatively new artists to successfully cross over from the rock and alternative rock charts to the Hot 100 have been Mumford and Sons and Foster the People , and the ubiquitous genre-buster Adele has gone the other direction . As radio has become more stratified , the Top 40 format appears to have marginalized rock , focusing on tempo-driven pop , R&B , dance music and hip-hop . It 's like 1989 to 1991 all over again , when the likes of Milli Vanilli , Bell Biv Devoe and Roxette dominated the airwaves and the charts . Twenty years ago , two little-known Seattle-based bands released albums that would change the music industry , both commercially and artistically . Pearl Jam 's debut "  Ten " came first . But that now-revered album , full of weighty anthems , took several months to gain traction . A few weeks later , Nirvana released its second album , "  Nevermind , " a disc rife with noise , but also verse-chorus-verse pop structures . It quickly burned up the charts behind its lead single , "  Smells Like Teen Spirit . " Nirvana had just finished a two-week tour of Europe , opening for the underground trailblazers Sonic Youth . Filmmaker David Markey documented the tour , then returned home with his film . Soon , he realized his movie , "  1991 : The Year Punk Broke "  which was released on DVD on September 13  , was going to have an adjusted focus . "  Every day , we 'd come into the editing room  and say  , ` Oh , yeah . Nirvana sold another million overnight , ' " Markey recalls . "  It was just surreal . It was also very exciting , because for the first time , something from my end of the world -- you know , something from the left-of-the-dial end of the world that was previously relegated to college radio  made it big  . " The success of Nirvana and the "  grunge " movement helped open the doors for hundreds of other "  alternative "  as "  college radio " was re-named  acts . In reality , none of those definitions told the listener much about the bands that rode the wave to commercial and/or critical acclaim in the early to mid - '90s . Some artists , such as the Gin Blossoms and Counting Crows , sounded a lot like those heard on classic rock stations . Other bands brought some variety to radio . Without "  Nevermind , " commercial radio stations probably may not have played the singles from underground veterans like Butthole Surfers or Cobain 's heroes the Meat Puppets . While many rock bands and "  movements " have garnered critical acclaim over the intervening two decades , commercial success is harder to come by , as radio is locking rock out of the mainstream again , says Silvio Pietroluongo , Billboard magazine 's director of charts . "  You look at the top of the rock chart , and you see all kinds of bands who have had Top 40 radio hits , from Staind and Foo Fighters and Blink-182 , " he said . "  You think there 'd be an appetite for Blink-182 , and some stations are playing it , do n't get me wrong . But on a national level , it 's hard ... to get these stations to get these songs on the chart , " he says . "  It 's just not in the lexicon of Top 40 now . Top 40 has moved on away from those acts . And it 's going to be a challenge to get it back . " Part of that challenge is today 's fractured media landscape . In September 1991 , the Internet , satellite radio , digital downloads , iPods and tablets were n't factors . Lee Leipsner , Columbia Records ' senior vice president of promotions , helped Adele and Foster the People break through earlier this year . Leipsner started in the industry in the late '80s working in a record store before he moved on to a gig at Mercury Records . He says success is measured differently now , and every band has a different view of what success means . "  A big touring base , " Leipsner said . "  Merchandise that you sell . Some sales are important . But I think building a community , building a following , building a groundswell . ... There 's just so many things to measure now . " "  You 've got to consider them all right now , " he continued . "  Anything gold or platinum in the past used to be a success . Getting a gold record nowadays is very tough . Selling half a million records , albums , is one of the toughest things . The bar is a lot higher now . " The bands that broke through in '91 built communities the old-fashioned way : touring nonstop and mixing with fans in and out of clubs . A lot of those artists , including Nirvana , were influenced by the '80s post-punk and hardcore scenes that filmmaker Markey was part of . He said bands such as Sonic Youth had created benchmarks for success in that culture : a few hundred thousand units sold , airplay on MTV 's 120 Minutes and headlining their own tour . Leipsner said getting close to fans is still part of the equation for artist development , but in 2011 , that includes an online component . "  If  a new artist  has 200,000 Facebook friends , and he goes on tour for the next six months without a record , doing his own grass roots , selling his own CDs , putting them up when he needs to , doing his own videos , and the next thing you know , you 're at 400,000 , you have a better chance when you do launch an album , " he reflected . "  You already have that audience . That tribe 's already built in . They 're already lined up . They 're ready to go . All you have to do is ignite them . " Nirvana ignited an audience that did n't even know it was flammable in 1991 , and no one -- even those close to the band -- foresaw that spontaneous combustion . "  It was n't like anything that was planned . I do n't think any great things that happen in culture and music are . It 's obviously something people see and respond to . You know , I think that record was in the right place at the right time , combined with being a great record and great songs , " Markey said . He 's skeptical about anyone replicating Nirvana 's success . "  The music business has changed so much , and I do n't think it will happen in that 20th century way . " Markey said . "  The odds at the time were still incredibly far for what happened for them . It 's like the perfect storm . " It may have been the perfect storm for Nirvana . But just like weather cycles such as El Nino , the music industry tends to repeat its trends . "  It would n't be surprising if you called us back in a year from now , or a year-and-a-half from now , and suddenly , there 's a whole lot more rock acts on our charts , because everything is cyclical , " said Keith Caulfield , Billboard 's associate director of charts . "  Right now , we 're in a very dance-pop phase , just as we were in that time in the '90s where everything was Ace of Base and La Bouche . And then in the 2000 thing , Britney and Christina . And now , we 're in this Katy Perry , Britney-again era . " Leipsner agreed , with one caveat . "  Music is cyclical and it does change , " he said . "  I do believe there will be another movement . It 's starting to happen already . Will it ever achieve the numbers that it used to have ? No . It just wo n't , because it is a bit too fragmented . But I still think great music rises to the top . " "  It 's hard to predict when , but it seems like every decade , there 's that bang . And you know what ? You just wait for it , and you hope to be a part of it ... as a music lover . "	Nirvana and the "  grunge " movement helped open doors for hundreds of "  alternative " acts Nirvana 's second album , "  Nevermind , " has a verse-chorus-verse pop structure Pearl Jam 's debut "  Ten , " full of weighty anthems , took several months to gain traction
CNN  -- A French engineer who was kidnapped in northern Nigeria has been freed . Francis Collomp was working in the state of Katsina when he was kidnapped in December by a jihadist group calling itself Ansar al-Muslimeen . The French president 's office announced Sunday that Collomp has been released , but did not offer additional information . "  This long-awaited new does not make us forget that seven of our compatriots are still being held hostage in Syria , Mali and Nigeria , " the office said in a statement . "  France will continue to work tirelessly for their freedom . " In another development in Nigeria , the military said its soldiers killed 29 suspected members of the Boko Haram terrorist group . The deaths occurred during two shootouts in the country 's Borno state . The U.S. government last week labeled the group a foreign terrorist organization . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report	Francis Collomp was kidnapped in December The French president 's office did not offer additional information
CNN  Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez will need to keep his lawyers even after being convicted of murder and other charges in the death of Odin Lloyd . The 25-year-old potentially faces three more trials -- one criminal and two civil actions . Next up is another murder trial in which he is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a Boston nightclub in July 2012 . Prosecutors have said Hernandez fatally shot Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado when he fired into their 2003 BMW . Another passenger was wounded and two others were uninjured . Hernandez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment . The trial was originally slated for May 28 , but Jake Wark , spokesman for the Suffolk County District Attorney 's Office , said Wednesday the trial had been postponed and no new date had been set . "  We expect to select a new court date in the coming days and then set the amended trial track . The Suffolk indictments allege two counts of first-degree murder for the July 16 , 2012 , shooting deaths of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado in Boston 's South End ; three counts of armed assault with intent to murder and one count of assault and battery by means of a dangerous weapon for shots fired at three surviving victims ; and one count of unlawful possession of a firearm , " he said . The families of de Abreu and Furtado filed civil suits against Hernandez , and a judge froze his $ 5 million in assets , pending the outcome of the double-murder trial . The freeze includes the disputed $ 3.3 million signing bonus payment Hernandez claims he is owed by the New England Patriots . Hernandez is also being sued by a man who claims Hernandez shot him while they were in a limousine in Miami in February 2013 . Alexander Bradley claims the then-New England Patriot tight end wounded him after the two got into a fight at a Miami strip club . In a lawsuit filed four months later , Bradley said Hernandez fired at him during a limo ride after leaving the club and that Hernandez intentionally "  possessed a gun which he was not legally licensed to have . " Hernandez 's lawyers have argued he could n't defend himself properly while on trial in Massachusetts . There was no criminal charge in the case . And then there is the grievance over unpaid bonus money filed by the NFL players union on behalf of Hernandez , who signed a contract in 2012 that potentially was worth more than $ 40 million . If the grievance is heard by the league , Hernandez will be represented by the the National Football League Players ' Association . Who was Odin Lloyd ? CNN 's Lawrence Crook contributed to this report .	Aaron Hernandez has been found guilty in Odin Lloyd 's death , but his troubles are not over He also faces murder charges in Suffolk County , Massachusetts , but trial was postponed In addition , Hernandez will face two civil lawsuits ; one is in relation to Suffolk County case
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- Every day the fate of 200,000 Mumbai residents ' lunches lie in the hands , and on the heads , of the city 's lunch delivery men , the dabbawalas . Lunch is served : The dabbawalas have been serving up lunch to Mumbai residents for 118 years . A corp of around 5,000 tiffin lunch box dabbawalas have been supplying the city 's hungry workers with hot home-made lunches since Mahatma Gandhi was a 21-year-old law student . From Monday to Saturday , regardless of monsoon rains or sweltering heat , they can be seen across the city balancing up to 40 metal lunch pails on their heads or pushing fully laden hand carts "  The world is advancing and people are taking outside food , but maybe only once in a week . People still like to take homemade food , usually every day , so that 's why we 're in demand , " says 33-year-old dabbawala Manish Tripathi from his apartment in Borivali , a suburb of Mumbai . Not only providing a necessary and recession-proof service -- even in tough economic times , people will always need lunch -- the dabbawalas are a cooperative that can boast a business record of reliability that would have any operation salivating with envy . In a city of 18 million people living cheek by jowl , most of them appearing on the move at the same time , the chances of a lamb biryani ending up in the place of a tarka dahl would seem to be high However according to Tripathi , for every 16 million deliveries only one will go AWOL . "  Really it is magic , " he said , perhaps revealing the unexpected secret of success of the dabbawalas . The six sigma rating the dabbawalas received by Forbes magazine precipitated a rush of interest from management supply companies and business schools searching for the secrets of its success . The rating means that the dabbawalas have a 99.9 percent efficiency rate . The "  magic " Tripathi goes on to explain has less to do with an intangible mysticism and more to do with the tight-knit group of dabbawalas and the unique delivery system . Watch Manish Tripathi explain how the dabbawalas work " A typical day for a dabbawala starts at around 8 am when the cylindrical metal tiffin boxes are collected from homes and taken to the nearest railway station where they are loaded onto crates and transported by train to downtown Mumbai . Tripathi and his group of dabbawalas work along the city 's Marine railway line and begin to gather at Churchgate station at 11.30 am . Each wearing a white Gandhi topi hat , the dabbawalas have time to chat and organize the tiffin boxes between them , before taking up to 40 tiffin boxes each , slung over bicycle handlebars , loaded onto hand carts or carried on long trays balanced on top of heads . On average one tiffin box will change hands four times in its journey from a home kitchen to a hungry office worker . So far , so simple . However , the majority of the dabbawalas are illiterate and the sorting is done mostly by a system of color coding handles and tiffin box covers that has hardly changed since the first tiffin was delivered in 1890 . As well as the long-practiced delivery system , and the cheap , extensive and reliable rail network of the city , it 's the unity of the dabbawalas that Tripathi credits with being a key factor in their longevity . The dabbawalas belong to the Vakari sect and have roots to the simple farming community of Pune outside Mumbai in Maharashtra state . "  They are a single DNA , " he says . "  Everyone is a Marathi , they are made from the same cloth , speak the same language , everyone 's lunch is the same , everyone 's god is the same . So there 's a high degree or coordination and commitment . "  When you have organizations with people with different backgrounds , different castes , different languages , there 's bound to be disagreement and a problem among them . " Despite the growing social mobility of India 's middle classes , caste then still has a central place in the lives and options open to millions more in India . For Tripathi and the other dabbawalas their success and longevity is source of pride in their heritage . If the delivery system of the dabbawalas and hiring system is archaic , Tripathi can be credited with bringing the collective into at least the 20th century . He set up a dabbawala web site five years ago and in 2006 started a text message ordering service for dabba customers , which 5 to 10 people use every day . Companies have n't been slow to tap into the dabbawalas network or reputation of reliability and trustworthiness . The Bank of India , and India 's booming mobile phone and Internet providers including Airtel and Reliance and have used the dabbawalas to distribute flyers for their services with the tiffin boxes . "  Once in a while the customers do n't mind , but if this is happening every day the customer will get annoyed , so we keep it to a minimum , " says Tripathi . While small groups of dabbawalas operate individually of other groups in different areas of the city -- sharing the months taking equally between all ; an average dabbawala wage is around $ 100 a month -- there is an informal hierarchy . A board of directors is made up of around five senior dabbawalas who in their dotage do n't have to carry the lunch boxes until they kick the can , but are on hand to resolve any disputes . Expansion of the network of dabbawalas is limited , however , the extra revenue from associations with the likes of Airtel , lectures and media operations goes to the Dabbawala Foundation , a social security fund for the dabbawalas and their families , a well as a means to buy new carts for bicycles . As well as delivering the tiffin boxes , English-speaking Tripathi is the chairman of the Dabbawala Foundation , who clearly enjoys his extra role as patron . "  I get the money from various sources , " he says . "  I ca n't talk about where the money is from , " he continues , his eyes dropping to the floor , " but I can say that money is never a problem . If you 're intentions are good , money will come automatically , " he smiles the twinkle returning to his eye . By finding a way through the network of unmapable Mumbai streets and latterly discovering ways in which to tap into new revenue streams the dabbawalas appear future-proof , their unique system more than capable standing up to and economic downturn or personal changes in taste .	Mumbai 's dabbawalas have been delivering lunches in the city for 118 years Extensive network of delivery men and unique system for delivery Supply chain studies say dabbawalas have a 99.9 percent success rate Despite little change in 100 years , dabbawalas now have web site and text service
CNN  -- The bodies of young elephants covered in the brown dirt of dried-up wells tell a heartrending story . A baby elephant in the Gourma region of central Mali had been trapped in a well for three days . Reaching desperately for drops of water , they had lowered their trunks , toppled in , remained trapped and died in Mali 's scorching heat . The "  last desert elephants in West Africa " have "  adapted to survive in the harsh conditions " they face , Save the Elephants said Monday . But now , the group says , conditions have gone from bad to worse , and they are living "  on the margin of what is ecologically viable . " Save the Elephants distributed new pictures Monday that depict the devastating drought and the struggle for survival in Mali , one of the poorest nations in the world . "  Six elephants have already been found dead , " the group wrote in a news release accompanying the photos . "  Four others , including three calves , were recently extracted from a shallow well into which they had fallen when searching for water . Only the largest survived . " The youngest are in the most danger , since their smaller trunks ca n't reach deep into the few remaining wells , the group said . The worst drought in 26 years is threatening the existence of the "  last desert elephants in West Africa , " the northernmost herds in the continent , Save the Elephants said . The animals , now numbering only about 350 to 450 , have been called "  the last elephants of Timbuktu , " said Jake Wall , a scientist with Save the Elephants . But they 're south of Timbuktu , Wall told CNN in a phone interview from Bamako , Mali . "  We tend to refer to them as ` the last Sahelian elephants . ' " See a map of Mali " Each year , the elephants trek farther on the fringes of the Sahara to find water . They have the longest migration route of any in the continent , traveling "  in a counterclockwise circle " of about 700 kilometers  435 miles  , Save the Elephants said . The images are signs of the crisis gripping the northwest African nation . The U.N. Development Programme ranks Mali near the bottom of its Human Development Index . It cites a 56 percent poverty rate in the country , with nearly a third of the population unlikely to live past age 40 , and an illiteracy rate of 77 percent . The World Food Programme says the majority of infant deaths in Mali are due to malnutrition . The drought , combined with soaring temperatures , has also led to deaths of cattle , Save the Elephants said . "  The stench of rotting corpses fills the air , and what little water remains is putrid and undrinkable by all standards . " In areas where the elephants live and search for water , "  the normal peaceful coexistence between the elephants and herdsmen is starting to break down and giving way to conflict over access to water , " Wall said . There is some hope for the weeks and months ahead . "  We 're hoping the rains start in June , and that will allow the elephants to start drinking out of shallow ponds until the really heavy rains begin " in July or August , Wall said . But "  urgent action " is needed in the interim "  to secure water for the elephants , " Wall 's group said in its news release . Save the Elephants , which focuses on helping elephant populations worldwide , said it has partnered with a foundation and the Mali government in its fundraising appeal .	Elephants dying in Mali are among 350 to 450 left in the area Save the Elephants releases photos of elephants struggling during drought Soaring heat is killing cattle , which is leading to water pollution , group says There is hope that rain in June may provide relief to elephants
CNN  -- Two people were executed Tuesday in China for their part in a tainted milk scandal that killed at least six babies and sickened about 300,000 others , state-run media reported . Zhang Yujun was executed for endangering public safety and Geng Jinping was executed for producing and selling toxic food , the Xinhua news agency said . The tainted formula came to light in September 2008 , after several babies fell ill from drinking formula that contained melamine . Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . Some Chinese dairy plants added the chemical to milk products so they would appear to have a higher protein level . The tainted milk caused kidney stones and urinary tract problems in hundreds of thousands of children . The 22 Chinese dairy producers that made the formula have offered compensation to victims ' families . In all , 21 people were tried and sentenced in January for their roles in the scandal , Xinhua reported . Among them , Zhang and Geng were sentenced to death , and most others received at least 15 years in prison .	Zhang Yujun and Geng Jinping executed for their roles in toxic milk scandal In all , 21 people were tried and sentenced in January for their roles in the scandal Tainted milk killed at least six babies and sickened about 300,000 others Drinking formula held melamine , a toxin dairy plants used to make protein levels appear higher
CNN  -- Formula One world champion Sebastian Vettel looks set to join Ferrari after announcing his shock exit from Red Bull on Saturday . The German , who has spent the past six seasons with Red Bull , is being hotly tipped to join the Italian racing marque from the start of 2015 . Vettel broke the news of his departure in Suzuka ahead of Sunday 's Japanese Grand Prix , but has so far remained tight-lipped on his plans . But F1 racing legend Niki Lauda believes all roads now point to Maranello for the German . "  My logic tells me that Sebastian will now go to Ferrari , " Lauda said , AFP reported . "  Why ? Because Fernando Alonso has fallen out of favor there . There is new management  at Ferrari  , they need some new motivation in the team and , of course , Sebastian is the world champion , German and in the same style as  Michael  Schumacher , " added Lauda , who won two of his three F1 world titles with Ferrari . Alonso would n't be drawn on the issue when interviewed by journalists following Saturday 's qualifying session saying his priority was to help Ferrari . Last month , he said there was "  no problem " with him seeing out the remaining two years of his contract with the Italian team . But Lauda thinks otherwise and says that the Prancing Horse would be well served by "  some German thoroughness " that Vettel could bring . Ferrari has yet to comment on the status of either driver while Vettel himself says an announcement on his future can be expected "  very soon . " Vettel 's news shocked the F1 paddock and will bring to an end a long relationship with the UK-based team , first as a junior racer then Toro Rosso before moving to Red Bull in 2009 . In his second season Vettel clinched the first of his four world titles but the 27-year-old has struggled this year and currently lies fifth in the standings and trailing his new teammate Daniel Ricciardo . The Australian is third in the drivers championship , taking the fight to the Mercedes duo of Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg who have dominated this year . It was with this backdrop that Vettel made his move . "  After 15 very enjoyable and successful years with Red Bull , I have decided to leave Red Bull at the end of this year , " Vettel said in a statement . "  Of course it is a big step and hard to make such a decision . The chance to drive in F1 , the first win with Scuderia Toro Rosso , the four Championship wins with Infiniti Red Bull Racing and many other great memories have bound Red Bull and myself together into a kind of family . No one can take these times away from us . " Musical chairs No sooner had Vettel announced his impending departure was Red Bull filling the empty cockpit with Daniil Kvyat graduating from the Toro Rosso team after just a single season in F1 . "  It 's been our philosophy for several years now to back youth and grow our own talent and that 's what we did with Sebastian Vettel , " said Red Bull team principal Christian Horner . "  Daniil 's an exciting talent and prospect and it 's an exciting new dawn for Infiniti Red Bull Racing . " Horner noted that it had been "  one hell of a journey " with Vettel referencing both his and the team 's achievements which amount to four constructors ' titles and 38 grand prix victories . "  He joined us as a young man and now he 's matured and he 's decided it 's time to move on , it 's his decision , we 're not going to hold him back and it 's an exciting time for us , " Horner added . "  I think he reached a stage in his career where he fancied a new challenge , so that 's his prerogative and like in any relationship , if someone 's heart is not in it , then it 's time to move on . " If Vettel does replace Alonso at Ferrari then the Spaniard could be on his way back to McLaren . Alonso spent one season with the UK-based team in 2007 before moving on Renault then to Ferrari in 2010 . Should he return then either Jenson Button or Danish rookie Kevin Magnussen would have to make way with the smart money on the 34-year-old Briton who is out of contract come the end of the season . Mercedes lockout front row Meanwhile out on the track , Nico Rosberg pipped teammate Lewis Hamilton to pole in qualifying for Sunday 's race at Suzuka . Williams driver Valtteri Bottas was third quickest with his teammate Felipe Massa directly behind him in fourth . Vettel scraped into the top ten and will start in ninth place while teammate Ricciardo is three places ahead in sixth with Fernando Alonso steering his Ferrari to fifth . Hamilton currently leads Rosberg by three points in the drivers ' championship with five races remaining . Read more : Dutch teenager makes F1 history	Sebastian Vettel says his future plans will be revealed "  very soon " Four-time F1 world champion announced Saturday he was leaving Red Bull Veteran racer Niki Lauda says Vettel could replace Fernando Alonso at Ferrari Alonso tight-lipped on future and has been linked with a return to McLaren
