To paraphrase "  The Social Network , " if Abraham Lincoln had invented Facebook , he would have invented Facebook . But in a tall tale that would have made the Great Emancipator proud , a blog post saying that he did just that was making the rounds Wednesday . And some online media outlets were quick to take the bait . Blogger Nate St. Pierre , a consultant who works with blogs and other Web businesses to help grow their sites , posted a fantastic yarn Tuesday about stumbling upon a tombstone in Wisconsin that ultimately led him to the Lincoln Museum in Springfield , Illinois . There , he discovered an 1845 patent filed by Honest Abe for a sort of personalized newspaper in which "  every Man may have his own page , where he might discuss his Family , his Work , and his Various Endeavors . " Each page would feature a profile picture at the top left . The user 's name , address and profession would appear at the top . On a sample page , Lincoln shared two poems he "  liked , " a short story about the Pilgrims and details about what he did that day  went to the circus  . "  Put all that together on one page and tell me what it looks like to you , " St. Pierre wrote . "  Profile picture . Personal information . Status updates . Copied and shared material . A few longer posts . Looks like something we see every day , does n't it ? " In short : Lincoln envisioned a paper version of Facebook , 160 years before Mark Zuckerberg . Except for the fact that none of it is true . "  I just wanted to have fun with it , " St. Pierre said Wednesday . "  I 've done this before . Every couple of years , I do a hoax . I knew this would go big but did n't expect those dozens of outlets to just run with it without 30 seconds of fact-checking . " For careful readers , St. Pierre 's post is sprinkled with what should have been plenty of red flags . For one , he writes that his search began after he discovered an apparent friendship between Lincoln and legendary huckster P.T. Barnum . You know , the guy widely believed to have said , "  There 's a sucker born every minute " and "  You can fool some of the people all of the time and all of the people some of the time . "  Both of those quotes , by the way , may not have actually been said by Barnum . He even quotes Wikipedia 's entry calling Barnum "  an American showman , businessman , scam artist and entertainer , remembered for promoting celebrated hoaxes . " The tombstone in question supposedly belonged to a carny who brags on it about how he "  bluffed " Lincoln and Barnum in a poker game . And photos like the one shown on the page Lincoln supposedly created would n't appear in newspapers for several more decades . "  I just did it for fun : an homage to P.T. and his hoaxes ... and Abe 's tall tales , " St. Pierre said . "  Just something fun like that for the modern day . " But he also wanted to make a bigger point : "  That the Internet would fall over itself to be first and share without checking . " In the first 24 hours after he posted , the article was shared on Facebook more than 10,000 times , St. Pierre said , adding that his personal blog got more than 50,000 visitors . Forbes magazine posted a story under the headline "  Abraham Lincoln Filed a Patent for a Dead-Tree Facebook in 1845 . " By Wednesday morning , that story had been pulled . "  A Forbes contributor took Nate St. Pierre 's story at face value , " a spokeswoman said in an e-mail . "  Once Forbes realized it was a prank , the article was pulled from the site . " Tech blog ZDNet did the same . As of Wednesday afternoon , the story was still online , with a note saying that it 's a hoax and with some , but not all , of the fake information crossed out .  Hey , a page view is a page view , right ? At tech blog The Next Web , a story was followed by another pointing out that the too-good-to-be-true story was , in fact , too good to be true . The first line of the original story ? "  You ca n't make this stuff up , folks . " Next Web writer Drew Olanoff said the story was popping up elsewhere online when he posted it under the site 's "  Shareables , " section , which features mostly fun , light-hearted stories . "  While it probably should have been marked as fiction by the author , who is obviously extremely imaginative , these things do happen , " he said in an e-mail . "  I 'm sure it got him the attention he was seeking . " For his part , St. Pierre said , he enjoyed watching tech bloggers on Twitter first share the story but then argue amongst themselves about who got fooled first . "  Dude , you both got punked , " he said with a laugh . And while St. Pierre 's story was made up , he may have gotten a little closer to the 16th president 's true nature than he realized . Lincoln never envisioned creating a way for his contemporaries to share cute pictures of their cats , much less play FarmVille  which no doubt would have seemed less exotic in rural 19th-century America  . But he did become the only U.S. president in history to hold a patent for an invention . According to the Smithsonian , Lincoln filed in 1849 for a patent on a tool designed to lift ships off of sandbars . That tool , much like Abe 's proto-Web startup , never became a reality .	Blog post about Abraham Lincoln and Facebook fools the Web Blogger Nate St. Pierre wrote that Lincoln patented a personal newspaper The fake paper would feature personal information and "  status updates " He meant it to be a joke , but several news sites reported it as fact
CNN  -- A New York man who investigators say was infatuated with convicted killer Jodi Arias threatened to kill HLN anchors Nancy Grace and Jane Velez-Mitchell , authorities said Wednesday . The names of the anchors who appear on CNN 's sister network were released by the Maricopa County , Arizona , sheriff 's department after the arrest of David Lee Simpson , 48 . Simpson was arrested in Bath , New York , after his indictment last week by a grand jury in Phoenix on charges of stalking and computer tampering . After he was indicted , "  Simpson quit his job , and was driving out of Bath heading south when he was stopped by law enforcement , " according to a statement released by the sheriff 's office . A search of Simpson 's car turned up several guns , shotgun ammunition , handcuffs , zip-ties , binoculars , a knife and a police radio , the statement said . Simpson has waived extradition and will be taken to the Maricopa County Jail in Arizona this week , the statement said . It was not immediately clear whether Simpson had retained representation . CNN , a division of Turner Broadcasting System , is not commenting on the case . Velez-Mitchell and Grace were allegedly targeted because of their coverage of the Arias trial . Arias was convicted in May of first-degree murder for killing her ex-boyfriend , Travis Alexander . A jury deadlocked on whether she should be sentenced to death . Simpson purportedly made threats on Twitter before and after the trial . He threatened to tie the anchorwomen to a "  tree naked and leave them to suffer all night " and then "  slit their throats , " according to the sheriff 's office statement . He also is accused of threatening a Phoenix woman who defended the anchorwomen on Twitter . "  Journalists are too often the targets of potentially violent , overzealous viewers , " said Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio . CNN 's Cristy Lenz and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	HLN anchors Nancy Grace and Jane Velez-Mitchell were the targets , authorities say David Lee Simpson allegedly targeted the two because of their coverage of the Jodi Arias trial Simpson , 48 , was indicted on charges of stalking and computer tampering He was arrested in New York and waived extradition to Maricopa County , Arizona
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- People in southern California dropped simultaneously to ground Thursday morning , huddled under tables and held on for about a minute in what is being billed as the largest earthquake drill in history . A researcher shows how shock waves of a 7.8-magnitude earthquake would fan across California . More than 5 million people registered to participate in the drill . It was part of the weeklong Great Southern California ShakeOut , a series of events organized by scientists and emergency officials to prepare people for a major earthquake , something scientists and researchers think is overdue in the area . Most participants -- whether in classrooms , offices or homes -- were expected to take cover under tables or desks and hold on as though a devastating earthquake were rattling buildings and structures . Despite the number of registrants , organizers have no way of knowing exactly how many people dived under furniture at 10 a.m. and waited for the imaginary seismic activity to cease . "  We wanted it to be so big that you really ca n't manage it , " Mark Benthien , executive director of the Earthquake Country Alliance , said of the drill . The alliance -- composed of earthquake professionals , emergency personnel and business and government leaders -- organized the drill . Watch Californians participate in the drill " Benthien explained that the registration list is the only basis of estimating how many people participated . "  We 're not getting reports in " other than anecdotal stories , he said . The organizers are encouraging participants who had not registered to do so now , so the number would be more accurate , he added . He said medical and emergency personnel were involved in simulated exercises , including responses to staged collapsed buildings and to medical emergencies . Their drills will continue for several days , he said . Some radio and television stations were to guide participants with drill broadcasts . Thursday 's drill was based on a scenario of a magnitude-7 .8 earthquake occurring along the southern San Andreas Fault , beginning at the Salton Sea and spreading north nearly 200 miles . Watch CNN 's Ted Rowlands experience an 8.0 magnitued earthquake " Such an event could kill 1,800 people , injure 50,000 and cause $ 200 billion in damage , according to the U.S. Geological Survey , which led a team of more than 300 experts in devising the scenario . "  It 's not a matter of if an earthquake of this size will happen , but when , " the Great Southern California ShakeOut 's Web site says . In July , a magnitude-5 .4 earthquake -- not nearly as strong as the "  big one " researchers eventually expect -- hit the Los Angeles area . iReport.com : Watch drill participants taking shelter under desks After that earthquake , researchers said , the stress relieved by smaller tremors was minuscule compared with the amount building up for the "  big one . " Officials hope the earthquake drill will prepare residents for the big quake , whenever it may hit . View photos of the quake drill " "  From a geologist 's point of view , the answer has to be soon , " Kate Hutton , a seismologist at the California Institute of Technology , said in July , referring to a large temblor . Another moderate quake , a magnitude 5.4 , struck in April in the northern part of California . A magnitude-4 .4 quake struck the greater Los Angeles area in August 2007 . There is a 99 percent chance of California experiencing a quake of magnitude 6.7 or larger within the next 30 years , according to the Uniform California Earthquake Rupture Forecast , sponsored by the U.S. Geological Survey , the California Geological Survey and the Southern California Earthquake Center and published in Science Daily in April . Benthien said other large earthquake drills have been held in Mexico and South Korea , but "  in terms of the breadth of the participants ... we think this is the largest of that kind . " In Japan , one of the most earthquake-prone countries , residents hold a yearly earthquake drill on the anniversary of the 1923 Great Kanto earthquake , which killed more than 100,000 people . Several companies are sponsoring Great Southern California ShakeOut , including Time Warner Cable Inc. , a division of Time Warner Inc. , which is the parent company of CNN .	Drill scenario based on 7.8-magnitude quake along the southern San Andreas Fault Quake could kill 1,800 , injure 50,000 , cause $ 200 billion in damage , experts say Drill is part of Great Southern California ShakeOut to prepare for major quake "  It 's not a matter of if an earthquake of this size will happen , but when , " group says
CNN  -- A backpack bomb discovered last week along a Martin Luther King Jr. . Day parade route in Spokane , Washington , contained a chemical found in rat poison and was packed with little metal pellets , apparently as shrapnel , a law enforcement official said Thursday . The device was set up to be detonated remotely , the official told CNN . The bomb is being examined in the FBI lab in Quantico , Virginia . Authorities do n't have a suspect and do n't know whether the bomb was linked to a white supremacist group , the official said . Before the King march kicked off last week , three parade workers found the gray backpack on a bench at the northeast corner of North Washington Street and West Main Avenue in downtown Spokane . No threat was made before the device was found , and no note was found with the backpack , authorities said . The FBI said last week it will consider regional neo-Nazi activity in its investigation of the backpack bomb . Two T-shirts were found in the Swiss Army-brand backpack , authorities said . One shirt says "  Treasure Island 2009 " and the other reads "  Stevens County Relay For Life June 25th-26th 2010 . " Frank Harrill , special agent in charge of the FBI 's Spokane field office , said last week that authorities know of no link to "  any specific group or individuals " and called reports linking the bomb to recent neo-Nazi activity in a nearby Idaho town "  premature . " The bureau is looking into the incident as "  an act of domestic terrorism , " and investigators are analyzing "  every square millimeter " of the backpack , Harrill said . Tony Stewart , one of the founders of the Kootenai County Task Force on Human Relations in nearby Coeur d'Alene , Idaho , told CNN last week that he found the timing of the planted bomb and two recent neo-Nazi activities in Coeur d'Alene "  just too overwhelming " and suggested hatred was also behind the Spokane bomb . Coeur d'Alene is 35 miles east of Spokane . But Stewart had no evidence tying the Spokane bomb to the two activities in Coeur d' Alene . Earlier this month , a handful of neo-Nazis protested two Mexican restaurants with signs saying , "  This is white land " and "  We want you out of here , " he said . Then , during the evening of the King holiday , about 15 neo-Nazis demonstrated outside the Human Rights Education Institute in downtown Coeur d'Alene , Stewart said . About the Spokane bomb discovery , Stewart said : "  It 's clear that it was an attempt to end the march and attack human rights advocates . "  All three events were going on when there was a reaction by the white supremacists or hate groups in some way , " specifically at the two Coeur d'Alene events , Stewart said . "  We do n't know who did it , but there was certainly a reaction to human right events . " The Coeur d'Alene area had been a hotbed of neo-Nazi activity through the Aryan Nations and Order II hate groups since at least the 1970s , though the groups were disbanded through criminal convictions and civil lawsuits by 2000 , Stewart said . Several bombings in Coeur d'Alene in the 1980s , including at the home of a Catholic pastor and priest who was also serving as president of the human relations task force , were blamed on the Order II , Stewart said . The priest was n't injured in that bombing , he said . A $ 20,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible . The FBI is asking the public for information on who might have been seen with the backpack from about 8 a.m. to 9:25 a.m. on the King holiday , January 17 . It also is asking for photos or videos taken in the area . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	The backpack bomb also contained metal pellets , the official says The FBI says it has no evidence linking regional neo-Nazi activity to the backpack bomb The bag was found along the route of a Martin Luther King Jr. . Day parade
CNN  -- This is ballet , but not as you know it . For one , there 's not a ballerina in sight . Tutus have been replaced with bare chests and tights , pointe shoes have been tossed aside for slippers , and delicate dÃ © colletages have been swapped for beefed-up biceps . Once the traditional arena of lithe ladies , ballet is seeing an increasing number of all-male shows -- in one of the biggest shake-ups in the history of the profession . Men in motion "  My attempt is to show a century of male dance in a hundred minutes , " said Ukrainian-born Ivan Putrov , the creator of "  Men in Motion , " an ambitious all-male production featuring 15 short dances . "  Just as you hear about the feminist movement and how women gained the right to vote , well men gained the right of center stage , " added the 34-year-old former London Royal Ballet dancer , who has toured the groundbreaking show across Europe . Think of ballet , and you 'll most likely conjure images of pirouetting ladies in elegant tutus -- not performances "  full of testosterone , " as "  Men in Motion " dancer Daniel Proietto describes it . "  For the last 100 years everything has changed -- men are bringing new creativity , new ways of doing things to the stage . " Swan Lake It 's not the first show to be given a men-only makeover . When British choreographer Matthew Bourne 's all-male Swan Lake premiered in London almost two decades ago , it was considered revolutionary in the traditional world of ballet . Bourne studied the movements of real swans for the show , displaying both their ungainly flapping and menacing power through dance . "  It 's not twee and pretty , that 's for sure , " said Jonathan Ollivier , who plays The Swan in what has since become one of the longest-running ballets in London 's West End . "  We are bare-chested , we have feathered legs , and this quite striking beak on our face . It 's quite masculine . All the guys are pumped up and it is very serious . " Smashing stereotypes That 's not to say male ballet dancers ca n't also be beautiful and tender on stage . "  I think there is always the concept of the ballerina who is this delicate creature , and men are the opposite -- we jump higher , we have more stamina , we are stronger , " said Argentinian Proietto . "  But at the same time maybe when you see us in a fragile setting we can also be delicate . " "  That 's what you normally do n't see ... my best memories of my father are when he cries , so of course I love when I can see a man communicating that on stage . I think that is very , very powerful . Perhaps even more than when I see him jump and being strong physically . " Beyond ` Billy Elliot ' Despite the phenomenal strength needed to be a ballet dancer , there remains a perception of it , at least in the West , as a woman 's profession -- but this is changing , says Putrov . "  I went to the opening night of Billy Elliot the musical , " he explained . "  Some of the stories that are told are so true and it is more common than you can imagine . " "  People might think of beautiful ballerinas on pointe shoes and in tutus but dance in general , at least in Britain , is the second most popular activity in schools after football -- so it is not true that men do n't dance . " And if Putrov has his way , we 'll be seeing a lot more of them taking center stage in the future . Watch : Carlos Acosta -- from the barrio to the ballet Learn : Bolshoi ballerina 's grace under pressure	Think ` ballet ' and you 'll most likely conjure images of lithe ladies in tutus But an increasing number of all-male ballet productions are emerging Male ballet dancers display phenomenal strength , but also convey tenderness ` Billy Elliot ' a reality for male ballet dancers in overcoming stereotypes
CNN Student News  -- October 17 , 2014 What is measured by the Saffir-Simpson scale ? The answer is n't just part of today 's Newsquiz ; it 's covered first up today on CNN Student News . Another science story focuses on the anniversary of a powerful earthquake and the preparations undertaken to guard against another one . And we explore whether U.S. strategy is working against the ISIS terrorist group . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai and Indian activist Kailash Satyarthi were recently selected to share what prestigious award ? 2 . The island of Okinawa is part of what country , which was hit this week by Typhoon Vongfong ? 3 . Who is the leader of North Korea ? 4 . The duffel bag is named for a city in what nation ? 5 . What is the name of the NASA drone that began as a project by Perdue University students ? 6 . In which chamber of the U.S. Congress are about a third of its 100 seats up for election in this year 's midterms ? 7 . In which chamber of the U.S. Congress are all 435 of its voting seats up for election in this year 's midterms ? 8 . What branch of the U.S. military operates the mysterious X-37B space plane ? 9 . A proposal in drought-stricken Santa Monica , California would limit each resident 's water usage to how many gallons per day ? 10 . The Saffir-Simpson scale measures the sustained wind speeds of what ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
CNN  -- Ash from an Indonesian volcano has led to the cancellation of a number of flights in the region since Friday , with travelers heading to and from the country now advised to check with airlines to confirm the status of their flights before traveling . Mount Sangeang is a small , uninhabited volcanic island in Indonesia 's Lesser Sunda Islands . It 's considered one of the most active in the area by scientists . Friday 's volcanic activity shot thick plumes of ash and sulfur dioxide more than 20 kilometers into the sky , which then drifted as far as northern Australia . Some airlines decided to ground flights in and out of Bali 's Ngurah Rai International Airport on Monday morning , due to worries that the ash cloud was approaching . However , the most recent reports say the ash is dispersing . On Saturday , all flights to and from Australia 's Darwin Airport were canceled because of the hazardous ash cloud but have since resumed . "  Virgin Australia continues to monitor Volcano Sangeang in close consultation with the Volcanic Ash Advisory Center , " said the airline in a statement on Monday . "  There may be some changes to scheduling of Denpasar services today . "  Virgin Australia will endeavor to contact all guests with affected affected bookings . We also recommend customers continue to check the flight status page on our website . " Denpasar services to and from Darwin resumed on June 1 , said Virgin . On Monday morning , low-cost carrier Jetstar canceled two flights out of Singapore and Perth that were due to stop in Denpasar , following nine other international and domestic cancellations over the weekend . Qantas was also forced to ground fights over the weekend due to the ash , but has since resumed operations as normal . According to the Smithsonian 's Global Volcanism Program , intermittent historical eruptions have been recorded at Sangeang since 1512 , most of them during in the 20th century . The last confirmed eruption of Mount Sangeang was in 1997 . Why airlines ca n't fly through ash The International Civil Aviation Organization set up the International Airways Volcanic Watch Operations Group in response to a number of serious aviation encounters with volcanic ash in the 1980s . Composed of experts from nine global Volcanic Ash Advisory Centers , the organization alerts the aviation industry of the location and movement of clouds of volcanic ash . For instance , Indonesia 's volcanic eruptions are monitored by the Darwin Volcanic Ash Advisory Center . "  Volcanic ash in the air is composed of fine pulverized rock and accompanied by a number of gases , which are then converted into droplets of sulfuric acid and other substances , " says the center . "  It is potentially deadly to aircraft and their passengers . The most critical effect is caused by ash melting in the hot section of the engine , and then fusing into a glass-like coating on components further back in the engine , causing loss of thrust and possible ` flame out '  engine failure  . "  In addition there is an abrasion of engine parts , the airframe and parts protruding from the aircraft , and possible clogging of the fuel and cooling systems . " The Darwin center cites an incident in June 1982 , when a British Airways 747 suffered severe damage and had all four engines flame out upon encountering ash from Mount Galunggung in Indonesia , descending to 12,000 feet before being able to restart some engines and make an emergency landing in Jakarta . "  Three weeks later the same thing happened to a Singapore Airlines 747 , which this time lost two engines and also made an emergency landing , " the center said . "  Quite apart from the safety consideration , volcanic ash has caused very expensive damage to aircraft ; most estimates cite costs to aviation of over $ 250 million since 1982 . " The world 's Volcanic Ash Advisory Centers use satellite information , ground reports from volcanology agencies , pilot reports , meteorological knowledge and numerical models to track and forecast ash movements . Volcanic island eats another off Japan Descending into a volcano 's magma chamber	Indonesia 's Mount Sangeang volcano erupted Friday , sending clouds of ash and smoke into the sky Volcanic ash drifted as far as Australia , forcing Darwin International Airport to cancel fights over weekend The ash is dangerous for a number of reasons , says the Darwin Volcanic Ash Advisory Center
CNN  -- The word Friday on a homicide investigation into the death of a man whose body was found less than a mile from the home of Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez was the same from authorities and from Hernandez -- no word at all . Hernandez has yet to say anything publicly . Instead , a statement from his lawyer acknowledged there was an investigation , but did n't confirm media reports that authorities had questioned his client . "  It has been widely reported in the media that the state police have searched the home of our client , Aaron Hernandez , as part of an ongoing investigation , " attorney Michael Fee said . "  Out of respect for that process , neither we nor Aaron will have any comment about the substance of that investigation until it has come to a conclusion . " Three search warrants have been issued in the case , according to North Attleborough , Massachusetts , criminal clerk magistrate Mark Sturdy . They have not been made public yet because the files have not been returned , and Sturdy would not comment on whether they involved Hernandez 's house or property . The 27-year-old Lloyd , a semi-pro football player , was found dead less than a mile from Hernandez 's expansive home in North Attleborough . Police searched the home and sifted through the nearby woods this week for clues . Two investigators wearing Massachusetts State Police jackets , at least one of them carrying paper work drove up the driveway Hernandez ' house Friday , rang the front doorbell and a female let them into the home . They were in the home for a few minutes and then left . It was not clear what the investigators were doing and they made no comment when they drove away . Lloyd died of a gunshot wound , a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation said Thursday . Lloyd 's sister , Olivia Thibou , told CNN that Lloyd and Hernandez were friends and were at a Boston nightclub together Friday night . She said her brother was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiance . She did not know when or how her brother and Hernandez met . Thibou said she did not know of any problems between Hernandez and Lloyd , who worked for a landscaping company . She ca n't imagine why anyone would want to kill her brother , whom she described as a friendly guy who was like a father to her 7-year-old daughter . "  My son is a wonderful child , " Lloyd 's mother , Ursula Ward , said . "  He 's a family guy . He has not done anything to hurt anyone . " Neighbors told CNN that Hernandez , 23 , has been a quiet , respectful neighbor . Hernandez , who is rehabbing a shoulder injury , returned to the house Wednesday afternoon wearing a gray Patriots sweatshirt and blue sweatpants . He did n't acknowledge the presence of the media and appeared to spend the rest of the day inside or on the back deck . But the investigation has already cost him at least one endorsement deal . CytoSport says it pulled its endorsement deal with Hernandez , effective immediately , because of the investigation . On the street between the home and where Lloyd 's body was found , police searched through tall grass . Nearly a dozen Massachusetts state police officers entered Hernandez 's home Tuesday evening , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . Patriots spokesman Stacey James said Tuesday the team was aware of the reports but would n't comment during an ongoing police investigation . Hernandez has played three seasons for the Patriots , averaging 58 catches per year . He was selected for the Pro Bowl in his second season . ESPN reported he signed last year a contract extension that would pay him $ 40 million for the 2014-18 seasons . North Attleborough is about 15 miles from Gillette Stadium , where the Patriots play their home games . As the mystery was unfolding in Massachusetts , Hernandez and his attorneys were dealing with a lawsuit in Miami in which a man claimed Hernandez shot him after they rode in a car after an argument at a strip club . According to a court document , Alexander Bradley contends he lost his right eye because of the February incident . The case was dismissed Monday over an error in the initial paperwork , but it was refiled on Wednesday , according to court documents . CNN 's Mary Snow , Lawrence Crook , and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	The investigation has already cost Hernandez at least one endorsement deal Authorities say Odin Lloyd was killed Monday near Aaron Hernandez 's home Police searched area between Hernandez 's home and where victim 's body was found The player signed a multimillion-dollar contract extension in 2012
CNN  -- A body has been discovered in the charred remains of a three-story apartment building in Minneapolis where an explosion and fire injured at least 14 people , fire officials said Thursday . Firefighters discovered the body , which has not been publicly identified , while removing debris from Wednesday 's fire , officials said . The body was turned over to the Hennepin County Medical Examiner 's Office , they said . "  The cause of the fire is still under investigation . While a gas leak could be one potential cause , it could be weeks until a cause is determined and may ultimately be undetermined , " according to a statement released by the Minneapolis Fire Department . Most of the injuries suffered were burns or came from falls or jumps from windows , Robert Ball , a spokesman for Hennepin County Emergency Medical Services , said Wednesday . Officials do n't know whether people jumped out , fell or were pushed out by the explosion . The explosion was reported about 8:15 a.m. , and the building was soon engulfed in flames , officials said . Photos : Building ices over as firefighters battle blaze CNN 's Fredricka Whitfield and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Firefighters discover body while removing debris from an apartment fire , officials say The body has been turned over to Hennepin County Medical Examiner 's Office At least 14 people are injured in the fire that began Wednesday
CNN  -- IBM recently released its annual 5 in 5 list , in which the technology company tries to predict emerging trends and technologies that will transform our lives over the next five years . No. 4 on this year 's list concerned mobile technology . Specifically , IBM says that , thanks to mobile technology , the digital divide will soon cease to exist . In a video , IBM put it this way : "  In our global society , the wealth of economies are decided by the level of access to information . And in five years , the gap between information haves and have-nots will cease to exist due to the advent of mobile technology . " The digital divide  a term that refers to the gap between people who do and do n't have high-speed Internet access  is an increasingly important issue for the nation , the economy and the world . Without Internet access , it 's getting harder to apply for jobs , get an education , stay in touch with friends and family -- and keep up with news that affects your life . Still , it will probably take much longer than five years -- if ever -- for significant inequities in access to digital information and services to disappear entirely . The digital divide may look quite different in five years , but it will probably still be with us . Here 's why : Mobile phones can help close the digital divide , but using the Internet on a phone has some drawbacks . That 's a point Kathryn Zickhur makes in an upcoming report on the digital divide for the Pew Internet and American Life project . "  Mobile Internet users experience the Internet differently because they have a small screen and often slower data connections . But they tend to always have their device with them -- which means they can constant access to information , " she said . "  So mobile net users might not be able to engage with certain online services as easily as they could on a laptop computer , but they do have more ubiquitous access . " According to Pew , once consumers acquired a wireless device , they start using the Internet more actively -- especially to connect with others . People go online from their phones not just to get information , but to share and create -- even more than before . Pew also found that a substantial portion of U.S. adults are choosing smartphones over computers for Internet access . Young adults  aged 18-29  , blacks and Hispanics , people who never attended college , and those with an annual household income of less than $ 30,000 are not only more likely than the average American to use smartphones -- they 're also especially likely use their phone as their main way to get online . Furthermore , about a third of Americans who mostly go online from their phones do n't have high-speed broadband internet access at home . Then there 's the problem of who does or does not have high-speed Internet access . What constitutes "  fast enough " online access is a moving target as technology and online services evolve . As I wrote earlier , even in developed nations like the United States , not everyone with a mobile device will have access to -- or more importantly , be able to afford -- robust mobile devices and fast  4G speeds or above  wireless data networks . A couple of years ago 3G qualified as "  wireless broadband , " but as U.S. carriers roll out faster 4G networks , increasingly having only 3G access may leave you on the wrong side of the digital divide . In order to get faster 4G network access on your mobile device , you 'll need a 4G compatible phone and a 4G data plan . These cost consumers more than simpler handsets and slower networks . However , Paul Bloom , IBM 's chief technology officer for telco research , did note a few intriguing mobile trends that could help lessen the digital divide in the next five years . One of these is "  peer-to-peer access " -- in which mobile devices can connect directly with each other , rather than though cable or phone companies . This could provide more Internet access to more people , at least within a fairly small geographic location . "  If you have bandwidth that you 're not using , someone else who needs additional bandwidth communicates with you to get that additional access , " wrote Bloom . In addition to redistributing existing Internet access , peer-to-peer networking technologies  such as near field communications or Bluetooth  can allow people to set up their own local independent miniature Internet -- a technique called "  mesh networking . " Earlier this year protesters in Egypt set up mesh networks to get around government-imposed blackouts of Internet and phone access . Bloom also noted the growing role of "  machine-to-machine communications , " which could allow cell phones and other mobile devices to connect people to useful services . "  People wo n't initiate communication for information , " he predicted . "  For example , your mobile phone will have access to your electronic health care records while also monitoring your vitals , such as blood pressure , in real time . A system could notify and connect you to a doctor if your blood pressure is out of a normal range . " In the next five years we will undoubtedly see lots more wearable mobile devices  such as the new Jawbone UP health monitor  and communication-enabled "  smarter objects " in our environment  such as smart appliances  . Over time , these extra points of data and communication will also interact with phones  even simpler , cheaper phones  to play some role in diminishing the digital divide . But we wo n't get there in five short years . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	IBM says mobile technology will close the digital divide Even in rich nations , however , not everyone will have access to robust mobile devices IBM 's prediction of the demise of the digital divide is silent on affordability
CNN  -- English Premier League leaders Chelsea smashed seven goals past hapless Sunderland on Saturday , while second-placed Manchester United kept up the pressure with a 3-0 victory at home to Burnley . Chelsea lost four key players to the Africa Cup of Nations , but showed they still have plenty of firepower following a 7-2 demolition of visiting Sunderland . England midfielder Frank Lampard scored two goals , as did France striker Nicolas Anelka on his return from injury , while Germany midfielder Michael Ballack , France winger Florent Malouda and defender Ashley Cole also netted . Coach Carlo Ancelotti was delighted as his team , missing strikers Didier Drogba and Solomon Kalou plus key midfielders Michael Essien and Jon Obi Mikel , remained one point ahead of United having played one less game than last season 's champions . "  I think that was maybe the best performance this season , " the Italian told reporters . "  We played very well until the end of the match . We started the game very well . I 'm very happy because it 's an important time for us . "  Without the African players we maybe could have some problems . I always said I have a fantastic squad and today other players played very well , especially Juliano Belletti in a new position for him , so it is a good moment for us . " The win was slightly tarnished by an ankle injury to England fullback Cole , whose goal was the 18,000 th in Premier League history , while captain John Terry was taken off at halftime as a precaution with the Londoners already 4-0 up . Sunderland scored two consolation goals through substitute Bolo Zenden , a former Chelsea player , and prolific striker Darren Bent , but Steve Bruce 's side were left in 12th place after eight league games without a win . Manchester United moved onto 44 points from 21 games after a 14th league victory this season , but Burnley 's defense held out for more than an hour in new manager Brian Laws ' first game in charge . Bulgaria striker Dimitar Berbatov finally broke the deadlock in the 64th minute as he atoned for several earlier misses with a clever flick for his seventh goal of the season . He was also involved in the second goal five minutes later , with England forward Wayne Rooney following up after his strike partner was denied by Burnley goalkeeper Brian Jensen . New signing Mame Biram Diouf marked his home debut with a goal at the end as he headed Antonio Valencia 's cross past Jensen . United manager Alex Ferguson later revealed that Berbatov , who has been struggling with knee problems , may need to have surgery . "  He played through it today but he could have come off at half-time . We will have to look at it again on Monday and see what the situation is , " Ferguson said . Fourth-placed Manchester City failed to close the gap on Arsenal , who travel to Bolton on Sunday , after losing 2-0 at mid-table Everton . City manager Roberto Mancini suffered his first defeat in five games since taking over from the sacked Mark Hughes . Blog : Man City take huge gamble on Mancini South Africa midfielder Steven Pienaar scored for the second successive match with a superb free-kick in the 36th minute , while France striker Louis Saha then doubled the lead in first-half injury-time with a penalty after City defender Micah Richards was ruled to have pulled his shirt . Everton hit the woodwork twice in the second half through midfielders Marouane Fellaini and Tim Cahill as City pressed forward in search of a goal . Tottenham remained in fifth place after being held 0-0 at home by second-bottom Hull , who had goalkeeper Boaz Myhill to thank for a series of superb saves . Spurs boss Harry Redknapp , who faces court action by tax authorities next month , was left frustrated in his 500th Premier League match as a manager -- though his team equaled their club record of five consecutive clean sheets . Liverpool 's under-pressure manager Rafael Benitez also suffered a disappointing end to a miserable week as his team , who were knocked out of the FA Cup by second division strugglers Reading , were held 1-1 at 10th-placed Stoke . Blog : How long can Liverpool keep faith with Rafa ? The visitors , missing the injured key trio of Steven Gerrard , Fernando Torres and Yossi Benayoun , led in the 57th minute through Greece defender Sotirios Kyrgiakos ' first goal for the club , but German center-back Robert Huth snatched a point for Stoke with seconds remaining . Last season 's runners-up were left in seventh place on 34 points , struggling to qualify for next season 's Champions League let alone mount a title challenge . Wigan moved out of the relegation zone with a 2-0 victory at fellow strugglers Wolverhampton , as both teams ended the match with 10 men . Second-half goals from new signing James McCarthy and Charles N'Zogbia came after Wolves goalkeeper Marcus Hahnemann saved Hugo Rodallega 's penalty . Home defender Richard Stearman and Wigan midfielder Hendry Thomas were sent off in either half . Bottom club Portsmouth 's home clash with in-form Birmingham was called off due to a waterlogged pitch .	English Premier League leaders Chelsea smash seven goals past Sunderland Nicolas Anelka and Frank Lampard score twice each in 7-2 home victory Manchester United stay one point back in second place after beating Burnley 3-0 Roberto Mancini suffers first defeat as Manchester City boss , losing 2-0 at Everton
CNN  -- A hacker scandal involving a video is sending shockwaves through Colombia 's presidential campaign just days before Sunday 's election , making the already volatile electoral process even more contentious as parties accuse each other of dirty tricks and schemes . The video published by the weekly news magazine "  Semana " in Bogotá allegedly shows Óscar Iván Zuluaga , the leading presidential candidate , getting secret military information from a man who was arrested earlier this month and accused of illegal hacking activities . Andrés Sepúlveda , 29 , was arrested on May 5 and accused of "  managing an illegal office dedicated to intercepting emails from between those close to the peace dialogues in Havana  Cuba  , " according to a news release published by the Colombian attorney general 's office . The government of President Juan Manuel Santos , who is running for re-election , has held peace talks with the Marxist FARC guerrillas since late 2012 . Authorities confiscated 69 pieces of evidence , including computers and USB drives belonging to the suspect , according to the attorney general 's office . Zuluaga told reporters the five-minute video is "  a vulgar montage " put together to smear his campaign . "  This video montage is a trap . It 's no coincidence that it 's been published when I 'm on top in the polls and the president is going down , " Zuluaga said . Santos has not commented directly on the video . A poll published by Ipsos Napoleon Franco on Friday , before the scandal broke , said Zuluaga would receive 29.5 % of the vote versus 28.5 % for Santos . Colombian law forbids the publication of polls seven days before a presidential election , so there 's no way of knowing whether the scandal has changed last week 's percentages . Former President Alvaro Uribe , a Zuluaga supporter , called the video "  a montage " and suggested the scandal is the creation of the Santos campaign . "  Andrés Sepúlveda  is an alleged ` hacker ' who has worked with  Venezuelan political strategist  J.J. Rendón , who 's close to President Santos . In the video , they show Óscar Iván Zuluaga getting information that has already been in the rumor mill and has no relevance , " Uribe said . Rendón had been working for the Santos campaign but resigned earlier this month after accusations surfaced that he had received $ 12 million from drug traffickers in exchange for political favors in the Santos government . In the past , Rendón worked for Uribe . Enrique Peñalosa , the Alianza Verde  Green Alliance  presidential candidate , told CNN affiliate Caracol TV he believes Zuluaga has committed a serious crime . "  We 're talking about the crime of illegal wiretapping , conspiracy to commit a crime , and the crime of using military information and intelligence . We Colombians can not resign ourselves to this . These are not the leaders we want , " Peñalosa said . Javier Restrepo , a pollster with Ipsos Napoleon Franco , says Colombian voters essentially face one choice : Do they vote for the candidate who wants peace talks with the FARC or the one who wants the guerrillas to surrender ? "  The difference regarding the candidates ' position in the economy and other issues is minimal , but when it comes to how to handle the guerrilla , it 's abysmal , " Restrepo said . "  Santos is advocating for a continuation of the peace talks he started in 2012 , while Zuluaga 's position is that there should not be a dialogue with an illegal guerrilla until its fighters surrender to government forces and lay down their weapons , " Restrepo said . There are five presidential candidates , but the only two with a real possibility of winning are Zuluaga and Santos , according to Restrepo . Colombian electoral law says to win a presidential election , a candidate must obtain 50 % of the vote plus one vote , which means a second round on June 15 is very likely .	A video purports to show Colombian presidential challenger with accused hacker Óscar Iván Zuluaga denies charge , says incumbent Juan Manuel Santos created "  a vulgar montage " The hacking suspect is accused of running office that intercepted e-mails from FARC talks The top two contenders disagree about negotiating with the Marxist FARC guerrillas
CNN  -- Not so long ago , the idea of a Casey Anthony movie seemed like a certainty . How could Hollywood resist the chance to adapt the sensational murder case ? After all , producers did n't hesitate to turn the Amanda Knox , Natalee Holloway and Clark Rockefeller sagas into TV movies . And interest in those cases pales compared to Anthony , whose trial became the must-see television event of the summer . But the public outrage over Anthony 's acquittal on murder charges is making some in the industry rethink the wisdom of adapting her story to the screen . "  Anyone who pursued a movie based on these events , especially right now , will face some immediate backlash , " said Matthew Belloni , news director for The Hollywood Reporter . "  The nerve is so raw on this and so many people are so outraged by the verdict that anything that is seen as an attempt to exploit this , especially if the family is involved , will be seen as a negative by most of the people who followed the trial , " Belloni told CNN . The cable channel Lifetime would seem the logical home for an Anthony movie -- it aired the Knox , Holloway and Rockefeller films , and it 's in production on a movie about murder suspect Drew Peterson  with Rob Lowe in the lead  . But when CNN asked the network if it was pursuing an Anthony project , Lifetime said it had "  nothing in development . " When we asked if the network had obtained the rights to any of the central players in the case , we got the same response : "  We have nothing in development . " The mere hint of a connection to the Anthonys has sent Hollywood talent agencies diving for cover . When an erroneous report circulated last week that William Morris Endeavor had signed Anthony for representation , the agency was inundated with protest calls . It quickly sent out word denying the report . And Paradigm , another big talent agency , signed Anthony 's lead attorney , Jose Baez , for representation , only to "  un-sign " him several hours later after facing a drumbeat of criticism . Actress Niecy Nash , who told CNN she watched "  every minute " of the trial , is among those angered about the prospect of Anthony cashing in by selling the rights to her story . "  If that girl -LSB- Anthony -RSB- makes one dime off of the death of her child , I 'm just telling you that I feel like America is going to be like , ` we are so done with you ! ' " she told CNN . "  I 'm upset because the opportunity to profit from a tragedy is laid out for this girl on a silver platter , " Nash said . Comedian and social commentator Alycia Cooper told CNN she could imagine a Casey Anthony movie under certain circumstances . "  I do think there should be a movie made " about the case , Cooper said . "  But I want the person that does the movie to be a neutral person , because that way , we 'll get more of a balanced movie , versus Casey Anthony doing the movie , because then it 'll slant her way , and it 's going to be filled with even more lies . " The possibility of a movie has inevitably spawned water cooler talk in Hollywood about who should play Anthony . Cooper likes Alyssa Milano for the role . "  I think she 's got the chops , " Cooper said . The Hollywood Reporter 's Marisa Guthrie picked "  Twilight " star Kristen Stewart . Nash told us she would cast Katie Holmes or Anne Hathaway . To play Casey Anthony 's father , the white-haired George Anthony , we heard suggestions of John O'Hurley of "  Seinfeld " fame , Tommy Lee Jones and Robert Blake . Speculation about casting the movie may be more than just idle chatter . Some people remain convinced there will be a Casey Anthony movie , including The Hollywood Reporter 's Matthew Belloni . "  You 've got to believe that something this high-profile , something that everyone is talking about ... that eventually , this will become a movie , " he told CNN . The surprising verdict in the case only makes that more likely , Belloni said . "  Then you have this outcome that many people ca n't reconcile with the facts , " he said . "  That conflict presents good fodder for a film . "	Natalee Holloway , Amanda Knox , Clark Rockefeller sagas were turned into TV movies Right now , an Anthony movie maker "  will face some immediate backlash , " journalist says Actress who followed the trial does n't like "  the opportunity to profit from a tragedy " But many think it 's inevitable that the Anthony story will be made into a movie
CNN  -- It 's the worst-kept secret since Adam Lambert 's sexuality : Apple is expected to unveil a new iPhone on Tuesday . There are a bunch of reasons you already knew this . For one , every tech journalist on earth has been writing about the new-now-next-generation iPhone since the company 's last "  Jesus phone " -- the iPhone 4 -- graced us with its presence in June 2010 . You 've seen the gossip here , and on countless Apple-focused blogs with apt and obvious names like MacRumors and TheAppleBlog . The rumor mill , you 'll likely recall , revved to full throttle in early September when CNET reported that an Apple employee lost a prototype of the next iPhone -- likely called the iPhone 5 -- in a Mexican restaurant and bar in San Francisco . To cap it all off , Apple sent out an e-mail on September 27 teasing reporters with phone-related pictures and this not-so-cryptic tagline : "  Let 's talk iPhone . " So , yeah , we pretty much know what 's coming . And at the same time , we do n't . The tech specs of the new phone are still hotly debated , as reporters scour Apple patents , SKU codes and , of course , Bay Area bars for any remaining iPhone-rumor morsels sure to grab the public 's attention . All will become clear at 10 a.m. PT on Tuesday when Apple hosts its iPhone "  launch " event at its headquarters in Cupertino , California . But for those of you who are drooling for the details , here 's the wisdom du jour from the People of the Internet : -- The phone will be called the iPhone 5 or iPhone 4S . Or both  see below  . -- It likely will cost $ 200 with a 2-year wireless service contract from AT&T or Verizon . -- The iPhone may come to Sprint , too . The Wall Street Journal was reporting Monday that Sprint Nextel has entered into an eye-opening agreement with Apple to buy more than $ 20 billion worth of iPhones over the next four years .  But the phone wo n't be coming yet to T-Mobile , as Mark Milian reports  . -- It will be "  skinnier , shorter and wider " than before , according to Gizmodo , which is basing these assumptions on supposed leaked cases for the phone and on "  informed renderings . " -- PC World  irony noted  expects the iPad 's faster processor to squeeze its way into the iPhone . -- The phone will have a "  teardrop " back , meaning it 's fatter at the top than the bottom , according to the blog This is My Next . The iPhone 4 is flat on both sides . -- It may have a "  world mode , " meaning it could transition onto other cell networks easily . -- It will have an upgraded , 8-megapixel rear camera . -- It may employ new voice-recognition features , says Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster . His evidence ? That e-mail Apple sent to journalists : "  Let 's talk iPhone . " Voice-recognition . Get it ? -- It 's possible Apple will unveil not one -- but TWO iPhones . -- If so , the second likely will be cheaper and will have less storage capacity . Some bloggers have taken to calling it the iCloud Phone , because it could tie in with Apple 's new cloud-computing services .  Side note : Al Gore , an Apple board member , gave some credence to the second-iPhoners when he mentioned "  the new iPhones coming out next month " during a speech in South Africa  . -- Based on Apple 's past iPhone release patterns , the phone  or phones  will likely go on sale later this month  most bloggers predict mid-October  . Of course , as is the case with any Apple product , die-hard fans will buy whatever the new thing is -- no matter what it is exactly , and no matter how much it costs . The other mysteries surrounding the Tuesday event are all about Apple 's leadership . This is the first product announcement for Apple -- the world 's most valuable company -- under the direction of its new CEO , Tim Cook . There 's speculation about whether Cook , who is reported to be a private person , will take center stage at the event or yield the spotlight to his deputies . And there are rumors that Apple co-founder Steve Jobs , who handed over the company to Cook in August following a medical leave of absence , will make an appearance at the event . It seems likely that Cook will run the show , and BusinessInsider and plenty of others expect as much . It would n't be the first time Cook helped with an Apple presentation -- he appeared onstage in January when the company unveiled an iPhone on Verizon 's network -- but it would be his first time as headliner . But , like the rest of you , we 'll just have to hang on until Tuesday -- when all these rumors get zapped with a dose of reality .	Apple is expected to debut a new iPhone on Tuesday Rumor has it the phone will be called iPhone 5 or iPhone 4S Tech blogs have been speculating about the phone for months Tim Cook , Apple 's new CEO , expected to make announcement at headquarters
CNN  -- Endurance swimmer and record-holder Diana Nyad arrived in Florida Tuesday morning , but not in the manner she hoped . The 61-year-old arrived in Key West aboard a boat , hours after abandoning a 103-mile swim from Cuba to Florida at about the halfway point . She had attempted to become the first person to swim between Cuba and Florida without a shark cage , but ocean swells , shoulder pain and asthma forced her to give up the swim . Nyad was vomiting when she was brought aboard a boat at 12:45 a.m. Tuesday -- 29 hours after she jumped into the water Sunday . "  I would be lying to say I 'm not deeply , deeply disappointed , " she told CNN . "  This was a big dream , not just of the last two years but some 30 years ago when I tried it . " "  The swim was in me , " she said , but the conditions were not on her side . After all of the work and effort that her supporters and followers invested in the last two years in preparation for the swim , Nyad said it was unlikely that she would attempt the Cuba to Florida swim again . After much consideration , Nyad made the decision to call off the swim and was quickly taken aboard the Bellissimo , the 75-foot yacht that carried her handlers , drivers , photographers , as well as friends and family . Once on the boat , under her own power , Nyad worked her way up the stairs and into a waiting chair , overwhelmed with exhaustion and emotion . She was given intravenous fluids as she battled nausea . Some three hours later , she rose to her feet and walked inside the boat . There , lying down , she talked to those on board , a mini-press conference of sorts with half a dozen cameras at work . Nyad said that as early as the third hour of her journey she began experiencing pain in her right shoulder . By hour 15 , asthma was a problem . As hour 28 approached , the pain was so great that she had to rest every 30 to 40 freestyle strokes , rolling onto her back to breathe . Her doctor , Michael Broder , would swim to her on breaks to monitor vitals or administer medication . "  I 'm hurting , I 'm hurting , " Nyad told him , clutching her shoulder and looking to the stars . Then , she 'd turn back into the water , struggling through another stroke or two , pushing and pushing and pushing . By hour 29 , she was weighing the math between belabored strokes . She asked : "  Do I have to swim all night and all day and all night again ? " The answer was yes . Nyad switched to a breast stroke , a last hope to find a way to propel herself to land . A handful of strokes . More rest . A few minutes more . And , finally , she made the decision . It was over . "  Asthma took so much out of me , " she told CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Sanjay Gupta . "  I could n't overcome it . " Nyad said she took at least 40 inhaler puffs and even took oxygen to help improve her breathing . "  We did everything we could to get out of asthma distress , but I could n't have gone another hour , could n't have done it , " she said . "  I really believed willpower would get me through , but the asthma really shafted me , " she added . She willed herself to go as far as she did , and was willing to doggy-paddle to the end if necessary , she told CNN . After the seas kicked up and she was ailing , however , she knew mental toughness alone would not be enough . "  I just knew it was n't mind over matter anymore . I was absolutely spent , " she said . After her rigorous training -- which included a 24-hour swim for practice , ending her swim was "  a bitter pill to swallow , " Nyad said . It was an end to a journey that started off looking much brighter . "  Earlier in the evening , she was surrounded by dolphins and a beautiful Caribbean sunset . But strong currents blew her 15 miles off course , " her team posted on her Twitter account . The attempt to swim from Cuba to Florida was the second for the swimmer , who said at a news conference Sunday that she is fitter today than she was in 1978 , when she first attempted the crossing but was unable to finish . It took several months to gain permission for the swim from Cuban and U.S. authorities . Bureaucratic snags repeatedly threatened to call off the effort -- already called off in 2010 because of weather . "  To swim between these two neighbors , Cuba and the United States , who 've been strangers all these years , is a moving thing for me , " Nyad had said . She had been training for the event for two years , swimming up to 12 hours a day . A team of more than 30 people supported Nyad as she attempted the crossing . She had 10 handlers to advise her as she swam , ocean kayakers towing devices to repel most sharks and divers and safety officers trained to distract sharks that were not turned away . The lesson that others can take away from her journey is to be your best self , she said . "  You have to live your life with passion , you show your will , you feel proud of yourself when you go to bed at night , " she said . CNN 's Jennifer Hyde contributed to this report .	NEW : Nyad is unlikely to try the swim again Nyad says she tried everything she could to keep going She struggles through ocean swells , shoulder pain and asthma Nyad began Sunday night and hoped to swim the 103-mile span in 60 hours
CNN  -- Four-time NBA champion Shaquille O'Neal formally announced his retirement from basketball Friday , thanking fans and teammates for their support and saying he looks forward to earning his Ph.D. . "  It is now time for me to begin my new life , " O'Neal said at a press conference at his home . Dale Brown , who coached him while at Louisiana State University , sat by O'Neal 's side . The announcement was an upbeat occasion , with the athlete thanking his parents for stressing the importance of education , especially if he were to endure a career-ending injury . O'Neal is completing his doctorate in human resource development at Barry University in Miami . O'Neal first said Wednesday afternoon that he was going to hang up his jersey . The 39-year-old posted a link to a video on his Twitter account . In a brief message he said : "  We did it . Nineteen years , baby . I want to thank you very much . That 's why I 'm telling you first . I 'm about to retire . Love you . Talk to you soon . " O'Neal has been dogged by injuries in the latter stages of his career and played only 37 games for the Boston Celtics this season after struggling with an Achilles tendon problem . He told reporters he did not want the Celtics to have to wait to see whether he fully rebounded from surgery . The superstar returned for two playoff games against the Miami Heat but managed just 12 minutes , and he told an ESPN reporter that he did n't want to let Celtics fans down . O'Neal won three titles with the Los Angeles Lakers after forming a devastating partnership with Kobe Bryant , and added a fourth in 2006 with the Miami Heat . With 28,596 points , O'Neal is fifth on the all-time NBA scoring list and is second only to Michael Jordan on the all-time list of NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Awards . "  I 'm really going to miss the free throws , " he quipped Friday . He began his career in 1992 when the Orlando Magic picked him first in the NBA Draft and quickly won rookie of the year honors . O'Neal took the NBA scoring title in 1995 as he led the Magic to the NBA finals , but they were beaten by Houston . He won the accolade again in 2000 , when the Lakers won the finals .	Shaquille O'Neal first announced his retirement Wednesday The 39-year-old is fifth on the all-time NBA scoring list He will complete his doctorate
Entertainment Weekly  -- "  Amelia " is a frustratingly old-school , Hollywood-style , inspirational biopic about Amelia Earhart that does n't trust a viewer 's independent assessment of the famous woman pictured on the screen . Hilary Swank plays Amelia Earhart and Richard Gere plays husband George Putnam in "  Amelia . " The mystery we ought to be paying attention to is : What really happened on the legendary American aviator 's final , fatal flight in 1937 ? But the question audiences are left with is this : How could so tradition-busting a role model have resulted in so square , stiff , and earthbound a movie ? Why present such a modern woman in such a fusty format ? Dressed for the title role in a wardrobe of jumpsuits , leather jackets , scarves , and slinky evening wear dashing enough to stop air traffic , Hilary Swank 's Earhart does n't so much talk as make stump speeches -- even when she 's at her own breakfast table . And director Mira Nair  "  The Namesake "  , working from an overexplanatory script by Ron Bass and Anna Hamilton Phelan  based on dual biographies by Susan Butler and Mary S. Lovell  , overloads the picture with a cargo of messages , so much so that she deadens her subject 's spirit . Some of these talking points are aimed at today 's teenage girls who might admire the subject 's highly personal fashion sense ; others go out to older women who cherish her feminist cred . All of them add up to banners that might as well be flown from an aircraft tail over a beach : Amelia Earhart lived free in life and love ! And Fly ! She ! Must ! Of course , she did , setting records as the first woman to fly across the Atlantic in 1928  she was a passenger , but still , ladies of the day generally did n't wear leather helmets and zoom through the air  . Earhart was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic in 1932 . She went on to launch her own brand-name fashion line . In 1935 , she became the first pilot to fly solo from Hawaii to California . Sometimes the press dubbed her Lady Lindy , linking her fame to that of pioneering pilot Charles Lindbergh . Most famously , she vanished  along with her navigator , Fred Noonan  in the middle of the Pacific while on an around-the-world flight in 1937 ; her plane was never found , and she was declared legally dead in 1939 . Along the way , the celebrity married George Putnam , the publisher and tireless promoter who shaped her public image .  Richard Gere does the honors as Putnam with all the dated , silver-head-in-hands poses required of him as a worried businessman/spouse whose wife is also his client .  For a time , the freethinking woman also conducted a love affair with aeronautics pioneer Gene Vidal  Ewan McGregor  , now best known as the father of writer Gore Vidal . Swank delivers long , carefully composed explications of Earhart 's unorthodox attitude toward marriage and feminine autonomy , taken from her journal entries , in studied accents somewhere between those of the Kansas plains of Earhart 's birth and those of Katharine Hepburn in her most famous trouser-wearing , gumption-gal roles . iReport.com : Share your movie reviews "  Amelia " dutifully conveys the salient biographical info with a trusty cinematic device : As Earhart and Noonan embark on their doomed flight , flashbacks catch the audience up on the events that got her there .  Christopher Eccleston , as Noonan , is the one understated player in this endeavor .  Those last 10 minutes or so of radio-communications loss , concurrent instrument failure , and dawning awareness of disaster are honestly gripping . But just in case the point is n't clear enough  She ! Must ! Fly !  , throughout the drama composer Gabriel Yared lays on blasts of musical exclamations that are as distracting as sirens . Sometimes that music says , "  It 's great to be in the sky and surfing the clouds ! " Sometimes it says , "  Look how pretty the landscape looks below -- kind of makes you miss the music in ` Out of Africa , ' right ? " Sometimes the rumble of violins and horns hints , "  Uh-oh , we 're getting to the tragic part of the story ! " Mostly , the busy orchestra backs up the starry cinematography to remind us , "  This slim , androgynous beauty , with her unusual love life and her driving need to take to the skies , sure was something , huh ?! " Whatever the message , there 's no navigating around such intrusive messengers . EW Grade : C + CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Amelia " hits viewers over the head with its themes , says EW Film stars Hilary Swank as aviator Amelia Earhart "  Amelia " is flat and dull when it should be exciting Some of the dialogue is delivered as speeches : yawn
London  CNN  -- The courtroom claim that Rebekah Brooks , a protege of global media baron Rupert Murdoch 's , and Andy Coulson , a former spin doctor for British Prime Minister David Cameron , had a six-year affair has set British media abuzz . The two are accused of charges including conspiring to hack voicemails and conspiring with others to commit misconduct in public office . Brooks also faces a charge of perverting the course of justice . Both deny wrongdoing . Their trial at the Old Bailey in London has gripped the British press -- and the prosecution 's claim Thursday that the two had a clandestine affair made the front pages of half a dozen national newspapers Friday . Several quoted at length from a letter allegedly written by Brooks as Coulson tried to end their relationship and read out by prosecution lawyer Andrew Edis to the court . Reportedly found on a computer seized from Brooks ' home , it said , "  The fact is that you are my very best friend . I tell you everything , I confide in you , I seek your advice , I love you , care about you , worry about you . ... In fact without our relationship in my life , I am really not sure how I will cope . " The Mirror called it a "  hacking bombshell , " saying the court was "  told of gushing love letter from ex-News of the World editor . " The Independent headlined its story "  The affair they did n't expose , " a reference to the tabloid newspapers ' history of revealing other people 's cheating . It 's not clear whether Coulson ever saw the letter , the media reports said . The Guardian cited Edis as saying the jury needed to know about the secret relationship because the two are accused of conspiring together . It revealed how close they were and the level of trust they had , he said . The affair ran from 1998 to 2004 , the newspapers cited the prosecution as saying , during some of which time both Brooks and Coulson were married to other people . Brooks and Coulson , both former editors of the now-defunct News of the World , were both formerly close to Cameron . Coulson , who edited the News of the World from 2003 to 2007 , went on to become Cameron 's director of communications before resigning early in 2011 . Brooks , who also edited The Sun , was a friend of the prime minister and his wife . Brooks , formerly chief executive of News of the World 's parent company , News International , resigned from that role in the wake of public anger over claims of hacking by the newspaper 's employees . Three former journalists who worked at the News of the World have pleaded guilty to phone hacking , British media reported Wednesday , citing the prosecution in the case . The three who pleaded guilty are Neville Thurlbeck , James Weatherup and Greg Miskiw .	Former News of the World editors are on trial in voicemail-hacking scandal British media cite the prosecution as saying the pair were involved for six years In a letter read out to the court , Brooks tells Coulson she loves him , the reports say Brooks and Coulson deny the charges
CNN  -- British journalism is under siege . With no settlement yet on press regulation following last year 's judicial inquiry into phone hacking , this week has seen another seminal moment . Once again The Guardian , now clearly one of the crusading newspapers of the world , is at the heart of matters . The detention of the partner of Guardian journalist Glenn Greenwald by security officials at Heathrow airport in London has unleashed a virulent debate about the place of the free press and the role of the state . The fact that obscure terrorism legislation was cited to hold him for nine hours and confiscate his computer equipment has added a further twist . In the past , police would be required to obtain court orders that could be contested before they could seize journalistic materials . Now the ill-defined threat of terror seems to excuse the tactics of a despotic state . A former editor of The Times in London , Simon Jenkins , wrote that "  harassing the family of those who have upset authority is the most obscene form of state terrorism , " adding that "  the hysteria of the ` war on terror ' is now corrupting every area of democratic government . " On the other hand , the UK 's Home Office said Greenwald 's partner David Miranda was carrying "  highly sensitive stolen information that would help terrorism , " and those who oppose his detention should think about what they are condoning . Former Conservative member of Parliament Louise Mensch told the BBC that Miranda 's actions were endangering the lives of U.S. and British agents . But Miranda was released without charge , with no suggestion he was seeking to help terrorists , and he is taking legal action against the UK authorities for the return of his property . This has polarized positions into a black and white , good or bad debate . If you support a free press publishing leaked state secrets you are apparently condoning terrorism . If you do n't object to his detention loudly , you are condoning the secret state . Unlike the U.S. , Britain has no First Amendment to protect the role of the free press . Like so much of the British constitution , it is an unwritten assumption . Reason lies in the complicated middle ground -- unfashionable as that may be . Social media , advocacy journalism , the need to define and claim the narrative and to be heard leaves little room for middle ground , but it is there that this conflict will be resolved . In that gray area , the ethical bridge between these positions will have to be rebuilt . As a start , we should acknowledge some plain truths . First , journalists have responsibilities toward the state , and governments have responsibilities toward a free and open press . Radical transparency , which would release anything and everything , is not what any responsible news organization , including the Guardian , would support . Equally , government agencies , however shadowy , need to recognize that journalism is a legitimate -- indeed essential -- activity in a democratic society , especially when it is inconvenient , embarrassing or blows secrets you would have preferred to remain hidden . Second , if you reveal a country 's national secrets you should n't be surprised if its security services take an aggressive interest in you . This does n't mean you were wrong to report them . Family members and loved ones should not have to carry public responsibility for your professional actions . But when they act as couriers for your work , they are more than family members and loved ones -- they are your proxy and will attract as much interest from the authorities . Third , journalism is not terrorism , so terrorism laws should not be used to intimidate journalists . There is no suggestion that David Miranda was planning to hand material to terrorists -- as the authorities well know . Governments embarrassed by the latest rounds of whistleblowing would like to cast a chill across investigative journalism . But it is not in the interests of a free society to allow that to happen . At heart , the issue is the legitimate scope and role of intelligence and security operations in a modern liberal democracy . As a first stab , they should be as small as necessary -- recognizing that serious threats to Western states mean their activities are bound to be , and need to be , of significant scale . What matters is how their powers are used and their accountability . It 's what a country 's moral authority rests upon . U.S. and UK authorities acting against legitimate newsgathering need to reflect on what it says about their democratic values . Seizing Associated Press phone records or intimidating the families of journalists will have some in Moscow , Tehran , Beijing and Pyongyang rubbing their hands with glee . Many believe the UK 's security operations ' insufficient scrutiny and accountability make them untrustworthy . Even David Anderson , Britain 's independent reviewer of terrorism legislation , is calling for a wide public and parliamentary debate on this law . At least that debate seems certain to happen . And it is better that the discussion about the state and journalism centers on a piece of public interest , serious journalism than over the criminal antics of Rupert Murdoch 's phone hackers . What may have started last weekend as a clumsy piece of intimidation could have far wider consequences . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Sambrook .	Richard Sambrook : UK journalism under siege with detention of Greenwald 's partner Sambrook : A middle ground exists between the state as despot or defender of citizenry He says terrorism laws should not be used to bully reporters , as they were in this case Sambrook : Issue is the scope of security operations in a modern liberal democracy
CNN  She married a man whose first wife mysteriously disappeared . And she stood by him even after he admitted killing a neighbor and chopping up the body . But who is Debrah Lee Charatan , the wife of millionaire heir Robert Durst ? And what role has she played in his life ? Charatan has n't spoken publicly since her husband 's arrest in New Orleans over the weekend , and CNN was unable to reach her for comment . In "  The Jinx , " the HBO documentary about Durst 's life , she appears in a police interview from more than a decade ago . The series also includes excerpts from jailhouse recordings of phone conversations between Durst and Charatan . Charatan says she met Durst in 1988 , six years after his first wife went missing . The two were married in a rushed ceremony just weeks before Durst 's longtime friend Susan Berman turned up dead in Beverly Hills , California . This week , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office charged Durst with first-degree murder in that case . It 's an accusation he has long denied . He also has said he had nothing to do with his first wife 's disappearance . In a 2003 trial , he admitted he 'd shot a neighbor in Galveston , Texas , and dismembered the body , but was acquitted of murder after arguing he 'd acted in self defense . Recorded jailhouse calls from Durst 's imprisonment during that case suggest that Charatan was his rock . "  Am I supposed to be smiling or am I supposed to be grim ? " Durst asks in one conversation discussing how he should appear during his trial . Charatan quickly replies , "  I would just have as close to no expression , yeah , that 's what I think . " She was also a driving force behind the decision to fire attorney Michael Kennedy , a lawyer Durst 's wealthy real estate developer family had tapped to handle the case . The insanity defense Kennedy was planning to use , she said at the time , could have meant both Durst and Charatan were cut out of the family fortune . "  What he does n't want is me to get any of the trust money later on , since I 'm not your wife because you were incompetent at the time , OK , that means they are the only ones who can make your decisions , " she says in another call . Like Durst himself , Charatan is a powerful player on the New York real estate scene . "  She 's not some opportunistic woman who came into Bob 's life for monetary gain . She was very successful , a millionaire several times over long before she met Bob , " said Amir Korangy , publisher of TheRealDeal.com . Susan Criss , the retired judge who presided over the 2003 trial , said from listening to hours of tapes and testimony that it 's clear that Charatan is motivated by financial gain . "  It 's very clear that she only cares about the money , " Criss said . Some former friends and employees described Charatan in less than glowing terms . Former employees have successfully sued her for failing to pay commissions . According to sources , she only briefly lived with Durst and they are now separated , though still married . Why does n't the HBO documentary feature any more recent interviews with her ? Charatan did n't want Durst to participate in "  The Jinx , " Korangy said , and she has n't spoken with him since it started airing . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Erin Burnett contributed to this report .	Debrah Lee Charatan is Robert Durst 's second wife She has n't spoken publicly since his arrest in New Orleans She told police she met Durst in 1988 , six years after his first wife went missing
MARATHON , Florida  CNN  -- Juan Lopez reads meters with one eye and looks for snakes with the other . Lopez is a member of the "  Python Patrol , " a team of utility workers , wildlife officials , park rangers and police trying to keep Burmese pythons from gaining a foothold in the Florida Keys . Members of the Python Patrol show off a giant snake that stretched more than 20 feet . Officials say the pythons -- which can grow to 20 feet long and eat large animals whole -- are being ditched by pet owners in the Florida Everglades , threatening the region 's endangered species and its ecosystem . "  Right now , we have our fingers crossed that they have n't come this far yet , but if they do , we are prepared , " Lopez said . Burmese Pythons are rarely seen in the middle Florida Keys , where Lopez works . The Nature Conservancy wants to keep it that way . Watch huge python wrap around a CNN reporter " The Python Patrol program was started by Alison Higgins , the Nature Conservancy 's Florida Keys conservation manager . She describes it as an "  early detection , rapid response " program made up of professionals who work outside . Eight Burmese pythons have been found in the Keys . "  If we can keep them from spreading and breeding , then we 're that much more ahead of the problem , " Higgins said . Utility workers , wildlife officials and police officers recently attended a three-hour class about capturing the enormously large snakes . Lt. Jeffrey L. Fobb of the Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Venom Response Unit taught the participants how to capture pythons . "  There 's no immutable laws of snake catching . It 's what works , " Fobb said as he demonstrated catching a snake with hooks , bags , blankets and his hands . "  We 're doing it in the Florida Keys because we have a lot to protect , " Higgins said . "  The Burmese pythons that are coming out of the Everglades are eating a lot of our endangered species and other creatures , and we want to make sure they do n't breed here . " Where the snakes are breeding is just north of the Keys in Everglades National Park . An estimated 30,000 Burmese pythons live in the park . The Everglades , known as the "  River of Grass , " is a vast area with a climate perfect for these pythons to hide and breed . And breed they do : The largest clutches of eggs found in the Everglades have numbered up to 83 . The snakes grow like they 're on steroids . With a life span of 30 years , these pythons can weigh as much as 200 pounds . And the larger the snake , the bigger the prey . Biologists have found endangered wood rats , birds , bobcats and other animals in their stomachs . Two 5-foot-long alligators were found in the stomachs of Burmese pythons that were caught and necropsied , officials say . Officials also say Burmese pythons can travel 1.6 miles a day by land , and they can swim to reach areas outside the Everglades . This nonvenomous species was brought into the United States from Southeast Asia . Everglades National Park spokeswoman Linda Friar says biologists believe that well-intended pet owners are to blame for their introduction into the Everglades . "  These pets were released by owners that do not understand the threat to the ecosystem , " she said . Higgins says 99,000 of the popular pets were brought into the United States from 1996 to 2006 , the most recent data available . She says they are an easy species to breed , and you can buy a hatchling for as little as $ 20 . The problem with these pets , Friar says , is that they get too big for their owners to handle . Making the owner aware of what to expect when the animal becomes full-grown is a priority . "  The pet trade is pretty supportive in educating people , " Friar said . She hopes a "  Do n't let it loose " message campaign makes an impact on pet owners . Florida Sen. Bill Nelson , a supporter of restoring the Everglades , has introduced a bill that would ban importing the python species into the United States . The senator saw the need after learning about the effect these snakes were having on the park . "  Finding out many endangered species are being found in the stomach of the python , " Nelson spokeswoman Susie Quinn said , "  we need to do a better job at protecting the resources . " In the meantime , Lopez and the Python Patrol will continue to protect the Florida Keys by capturing the snakes and turning them over to biologists to perform necropsies . The Nature Conservancy plans to expand the program to all the areas that surround the Everglades , making these predators their prey . "  I would like to find them and get rid of them , " Lopez said .	"  Python Patrol " aims to keep giant Burmese pythons from reaching Florida Keys Pet owners have been dumping the snakes in the Everglades Burmese pythons can grow more than 20 feet long and eat animals whole The snakes "  are eating a lot of our endangered species , " conservationist says
CNN  -- Former rebels in the Central African Republic killed almost 1,000 in a two-day rampage earlier this month , Amnesty International said , as together with Human Rights Watch it warned of a surge in sectarian violence . War crimes and crimes against humanity are being committed in the country , Amnesty International said . "  Crimes that have been committed include extrajudicial executions , mutilation of bodies , intentional destruction of religious buildings such as mosques , and the forced displacement of massive numbers of people , " said Christian Mukosa , Amnesty International 's Central Africa expert . The country has seen violence and chaos since the Muslim-backed Seleka militia and other rebel groups from the marginalized northeast seized the capital Bangui in March . President Francios Bozize fled to Cameroon , and Michel Djotodia , who had been one of the Seleka leaders , made himself President . Djotodia later officially disbanded the Seleka , but as many as 15,000 kept their arms and instead continued to wreak havoc in Bangui and elsewhere . They mainly targeted Christian communities , which in turn formed their own vigilante group , the anti-balaka  literally "  anti-machete "  . Anti-balaka forces staged an early morning attack in the capital on December 5 , going door to door in some neighborhoods and killing approximately 60 Muslim men , Amnesty International said . De facto government forces , known as ex-Seleka , retaliated against Christians , killing nearly 1,000 men over a two-day period , according to the rights group . A small number of women and children also were killed . In a statement , Amnesty International called for the deployment of a "  robust " U.N. peacekeeping force , with a mandate to protect civilians , and enough resources to do so effectively . "  The continuing violence , the extensive destruction of property , and the forced displacement of the population in Bangui are feeding enormous anger , hostility and mistrust , " said Mukosa . "  There can be no prospect of ending the cycle of violence until the militias are disarmed and there is proper and effective protection for the thousands of civilians at risk in the country . Residential neighborhoods must be made safe as an urgent priority in order to allow people to go back to their homes and resume their normal lives . " Violence in Bossangoa In a separate report , Human Rights Watch cited a surge in violence around the northern town of Bossangoa since September , adding concerned countries should immediately bolster the African Union peacekeeping force in the country and support efforts by France to protect civilians . In the report , Human Rights Watch said Christian militias attacked Muslim communities , cutting the throats of children while forcing parents to watch . Muslim groups retaliated , setting fire to Christian homes and killing their occupants with the apparent approval of commanders present , Human Rights Watch said . The recent violence has created a humanitarian crisis . Both sides have burned down large swathes of villages in the norhtern Ouham province , the rights group said , adding relief workers have found it difficult to provide assistance , particularly emergency medical aid , as aid workers have also been the targets of attacks . "  The brutal killings in the Central African Republic are creating a cycle of murder and reprisal that threatens to spin out of control , " said Peter Bouckaert , emergencies director at Human Rights Watch and author of the report . "  The UN Security Council needs to act quickly to bring this evolving catastrophe to a halt . " The Central African Republic is about the size of France and a country rich in resources , including diamonds , gold , timber and ivory . The former French colony has rarely seen political stability or economic growth in the 53 years since it gained independence . CNN 's Susanna Capelouto and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : Human Rights Watch report documents surge in violence around the northern town of Bossangoa Amnesty International says war crimes and crimes against humanity are being committed Amnesty International calls for the deployment of a "  robust " U.N. peacekeeping force The violence is fueling "  enormous anger , hostility and mistrust , " says one expert
Atlanta  CNN  -- They say one man 's trash is another man 's treasure and for Tom Szaky , founder and CEO of TerraCycle , that could n't be more true . His New Jersey-based company is helping millions of people wise-up to waste recycling . But is was a wacky idea that got 29-year-old Szaky started . "  My friends and I were trying to grow some plants and realized worm poop was one of the best fertilizers to feed them , " Szaky said , " ... and that suddenly started getting me to thinking differently about waste . " He started manufacturing "  worm poop " and packaging the organic fertilizer in used plastic bottles selling it as "  Waste in Waste " under the name TerraCycle . Eight years on , the company now turns all sorts of non-recyclable waste from all over the world into recyclable eco-friendly products . "  We collect about a billion pieces of waste every month from close to 25 million people , across 19 countries , " Szaky explains . Garbage is very much a global problem , he says . But whether it 's Sweden  who recycle a lot  or in countries like Argentina , which he says is relatively poor at recycling , TerraCycle 's model is consistent . From what he collects , the creations are endless . Juice pouches are made into school folders and kids backpacks ; chip bags become bags , even furniture . "  Every Old Navy store  a clothing chain  in America has now started collecting flip flops and we are taking those flip flops and building them into playgrounds around the U.S , " Szaky said . TerraCycle 's influence is also growing around the world , says Szaky , with the company now collecting 6 % of Sweden 's coffee capsules and 2 % of all of the UK 's pens . There is no waste stream that can not be recycled , he says , even diapers and chewing gum . "  We will be taking used gum , literally old chewing gum , collecting it all over Brazil and making it into all sorts of plastic products , " he said . "  Gum is actually just flavored plastic so we can very easily make it into any plastic product you can imagine . " Trash comes from individuals and major companies around the globe . Schools are also major contributors . "  We are in , I believe , 73 % of American elementary schools , actively collecting waste for us and that is the same all around the world , " he said . "  We find out that kids care a lot about the environment and they are all willing to be engaged and get their hands dirty if you will and bring in waste and make it really happen . " But TerraCycle do n't just take the trash away , they also give back Szaky says , paying shipping costs as well as making donations to schools or charities which so far has raised nearly $ 3 million . Szaky continues to grow the business . A new Facebook game , "  Trash Tycoon " was recently launched and next year he will steer the company into new markets in Asia and Eastern Europe . All with the aim of saving more waste from landfills and incinerators while spreading the company 's mantra , "  Eliminate the Idea of Waste , " and turning the world 's trash into cash .	TerraCycle turns non-recyclable waste into eco-friendly products Founder Tom Szaky started company packaging "  worm poop " in recycled plastic containers Company has recycled billions of waste items globally while raising nearly $ 3 million for charity
CNN  -- AS Roma hired Luis Enrique hoping a little Barcelona magic might rub off on the Serie A club , but the experiment came to a forlorn end on Saturday when the coach confirmed he was quitting after less than a year in charge . Roma boldly appointed the Spaniard last June , despite the fact that the 42-year-old had never played outside Spain and his only coaching experience was a three-year spell with Barcelona 's B team . Ahead of the final round of the season , Roma are seventh in Serie A and may not qualify for Europe . They have been beaten 14 times . Amid increasing rumors about the coach 's future , Roma general director Franco Baldini insisted the club wanted Luis Enrique to stay but the Spaniard has confirmed he will step down after Sunday 's final game of the season . "  I 'm leaving because I feel very tired and drained , " Luis Enrique said in a statement posted on the Roma website . "  I 've given everything this season . "  I do n't think I 'll be able to recover my energy over the summer -- not the energy needed to motivate a group . I definitely wo n't be coaching next season , though I do n't know if I 'd even have had any offers . " Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola also cited fatigue when he announced he would quit the Catalan club at the end of this season . Luis Enrique will become the 20th coaching change in Serie A this season . He arrived at Roma in the wake of a takeover by a group of American investors led by Thomas DiBenedetto last April . On announcing the appointment , Roma 's sporting director Walter Sabatini said : "  Luis Enrique represents an idea of football that we would like to follow , which imposes itself today through Spain and Barcelona . "  I was looking for someone outside of Italian football . Uncontaminated . " Luis Enrique was charged with overhauling an aging squad and bringing flair to the team in a notoriously defense-minded league . The 35-year-old club icon Francesco Totti was left on the bench for some games , while Barcelona attacker Bojan Krkic was brought in , but failed to sparkle . "  I still believe you can play attractive football in Italy and I think the best way to do that is with attacking football , " Luis Enrique said . "  I know that I have to improve defensive aspects and I will , do n't worry about that . " Baldini said Luis Enrique 's departure would n't spell the end of the club 's new philosophy . "  The project has n't failed , " he said . "  We want to carry on playing a certain type of football , and from league statistics Roma is the team that has had more possession than any other , and is third behind Juve and Milan for territorial dominance and pass completion . "  This says a lot about the quality of play . The failure has been how our league campaign went , but the style of play was want we wanted from the beginning . " Luis Enrique said he planned to stay in the Italian capital for several months to get to know the city better and that he would never regret his decision to try coaching in Italy . However , he said he would n't miss the local media . "  Nearly everything that 's been written was lies , " he said . "  And we 're still hearing them now . "	Luis Enrique will step down as Roma coach at the end of this season Former Barcelona player moved to Italian Serie A club in June The 42-year-old says he needs to take time out from the game Club says departure will not mean end of new playing philosophy
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie gave an exclusive interview with CNN 's Arwa Damon while visiting Iraq to draw attention to the refugee crisis in the wartorn country . Here is a full transcript of the interview : "  Displacement can lead to ... instability and aggression , " Jolie , right , tells CNN 's Arwan Damon . Damon : First of all thank you obviously for your time . What is your main aim in this visit -- what are you trying to acomplish while you are out here ? Jolie : Well I came to the region about 6 months ago , I first went to Syria because I work with U.N.H.C.R. and there are 1.5 million refugees in Syria alone from Iraq and while I was there , I went inside and met with some internally displaced people . And this trip is to get a better picture of the internally displaced people and to discuss with the local government , with our government , with the NGOs and with local people , the situation and try to understand what is happening , because there are over 2 million internally displaced people and there does n't seem to be a real coherent plan to help them and there 's lots of good will and lot 's of discussion -- but there seem to be a lot of uh -- just a lot of talk at the moment and a lot of pieces need to be put together . So , trying to figure out what they are . Damon : What kind of a sense have you been able to get so far in terms of how severe the crisis is and what actually needs to be done to help out ? Watch CNN 's exclusive interview with Angelina Jolie " Jolie : Well , I in my research before I came here , I looked at the numbers and there are over 4 million people displaced and of the 2 million internally displaced it 's estimated that 58 percent are under 12 years old . So it 's a very high number of people in a very , very vulnerable situation and a lot of young kids . So far the different U.S. officials I 've met with and different local people I 've met with all have shared concerns and very , very strongly you know they have spoken out about the humanitarian crisis but um , but there seems to be a block in . I 'm not good at policy and fixing all this and saying what 's wrong but I do know that for example U.N.H.C.R. needs to be more active inside Iraq . In order for that to happen , they need they feel strongly about having some better protection ... better security in talking with the U.S. officials , they 're willing to give that security to the extent that they can give it . And so you know I do n't have the answers but I know that this is one thing that needs to be addressed and solved because there does need to be a real presence here to help count the people and register the people . Also even just the government here needs to empower the prime minister ... here needs to empower the government that deals with migration and displacement to be able to address the concerns for these people and that has n't happened in a significant way yet . Damon : Do you think that the global community has a responsibility to address that ? Jolie : Well I think the global community always has a ... has a responsibility to any humanitarian crisis . And I think it 's in our best interest to address a humanitarian crisis on this scale because displacement can can lead to a lot of instability and aggression and you know pop . We do n't ... we certainly we just do n't want that we have . . A lot of people feel it 's a little calmer now ... this is the time to really discuss and and try to get these communities back together . But if these communities do n't start coming back together properly , if we do n't start really counting the people ... understanding where they are ... what they need ... making sure the schools are being built ... making sure the electricity the water and all these needs are being met and also understanding that a lot of the people that will return are going to come back to houses that are occupied or destroyed and bombed out and we have to we have to have ... It 's going to be a big operation to understand the needs ... to address it to help people put the pieces of their life back together and return to their communities . So it 's really just putting kind of ... getting the plan together ... getting the group together and everybody actively focused on helping the IDPS and the refugees . Damon : What would the message that you would want to carry out of here back to the States or even the message that you would want to get out internationally in terms of what 's happening here ... the refugee crisis ... how serious it is and the consequences that could happen in the future if it 's not properly addressed ? Jolie : I always hate speculation on the news , so I do n't want to be somebody who speculates . Um but I think it 's clear , I think , I think you know a displaced unstable population is you know is a very what happens in Iraq , and how Iraq settles in the years to come is going to affect the entire Middle East . And a big part of what is going to affect how it settles is how these people are returned and settled into their homes into their community and brought back together and whether they can live together and what their communities look like , so it does have broad implications . Damon : On a personal level why is this so important to you ... you willing to come here and risk your life ? Jolie : Uh , what about you  laughs  why are you here ?  laughs  It was an easy choice to make . I 've uh , I felt I had to come here because it is very difficult to get answers about especially the internally displaced people . It 's as I said even U.N.H.C.R. who I traditionally work with -- they are not able to be inside at the moment and so I was very frustrated and just getting a bunch of ideas and papers but not knowing what 's really going on , so so today I 'm able to talk to all different people from our government and their government and really get some answers as to what is holding up the processes to really really assist these people properly . Damon : Do you think that you in your position can try to push this process forward put ... pressure perhaps on the U.S. government to let more refugees into the U.S. to address the situation within Iraq and of course address the situations in Syria and Jordan ? Jolie : To put pressure on the U.S. ? Damon : On the U.S. or to try to just put pressure in general create awareness ? Jolie :  interrupting  I think certainly creating awareness . And I think you know what I found is there is ... I spoke to the State Department today about meeting our goal , you know the U.S. 's goal of 12,000 people and they still intend to reach that goal and they have and you know there are many different people who can be cynical or say well how are they going to do it , and I will ask them how are you going to do it and is there some way we can help to ... you know ... is there some thing we all need to understand more is there ways we can help to process different people in different countries better is there because uh because we do need to get those people and we do need to in eight months get as close to 12,000 people as possible we should and I have to believe that there are people working towards that goal so . . So at least that and um , what was your other question ? Damon : Why is it so important ? What do you think needs to be  interrupted  Why is Iraq important ? Jolie : Well as I said , if it is not stable it can affect the entire Middle East and that will effect our entire world . If you do n't simply want to look at it as of course it 's important because there are human beings living here . . I do n't see borders and I see lives and I see children and this is you know an environment where there is a war but there is a humanitarian crisis . And they have to be addressed simultaneously . We ca n't wait for one to end to then finally take the time to address the other , it has to start right now . Damon : There are reports out of Hollywood that ...  laughs Jolie : Oh do n't . Stop it .  interupts I had to ask  Stay true to your tradition . You 're CNN . Do n't do it ! Damon : I know that 's why I have to ...  Laughs Jolie : But I do n't have to answer . OK ? Damon : No you do n't . I completely and totally ... you 're right and will not press the matter . Jolie : Thank you . E-mail to a friend	Angelina Jolie visits Iraq to boost efforts to help internally displaced refugees Actress tells CNN : "  There does n't seem to be real coherent plan to help them " Jolie is goodwill ambassador for U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees More than 4.2 million Iraqis have fled homes , 2 million to neighboring states
CNN  -- Two years after the end of the Iraq war , the U.S. State Department confirmed this week that it is providing the fragile country with sophisticated weapons and drones . Iraq needs help fighting against a growing and serious threat -- al Qaeda . For those who do n't avidly follow the complicated machinations of the globe 's top terror group , this could be confusing . Has n't the line for years from the U.S. government and its allies been that al Qaeda is on the run , that its fiercest fighting ability has been weakened by U.S. strikes ? That truth is far more complex , of course . The terror group 's manpower has increased in recent years , it has gained control of more territory in North Africa and the Middle East and is taking a different approach to death , according to top lawmakers privy to high-level intelligence and experts who have observed al Qaeda 's activities since September 11 . A stake in Yemen While al Qaeda suffered significant setbacks after Navy SEALs shot and killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan in 2011 , and drone strikes have taken out top terrorists along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border , the terror group and its close allies have rebounded in Yemen , the Sinai region of Egypt , Libya , Iraq , and parts of east and west Africa , among other places . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , headquartered in Yemen , is particularly concerning . CNN has learned of recent intercepts of messages among senior al Qaeda operatives in Yemen , but the messages do n't name specific targets . One source told CNN that the chatter suggested "  active plotting . " "  There are multiple indications that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is plotting attacks both within Yemen , against U.S. and Western structures and overseas , " said Seth Jones , an analyst at Rand Corp. . The Yemeni group is already notorious for sending an operative on board a flight into the United States on Christmas day in 2009 with explosives in his underwear . Al Qaeda in Yemen "  are still capable of conducting attacks " and particularly adept at "  taking down aircraft , " Jones said . Al Qaeda : We 're sorry about Yemen hospital attack The U.S. has been fighting back , but not every strike has been successful . This month a drone failed to kill an al Qaeda planner believed to be behind a plot to attack the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa . Instead , the drone hit a wedding party , Yemeni officials said . A powder keg in Syria Al Qaeda-linked militants have established a formidable foothold in the complicated civil war in Syria . There are up to 11,000 foreign fighters from 74 nations in the conflict that has raged since April 2011 , according to the December report from the International Centre for the Study of Radicalism  ICSR  . The majority have traveled from other Arab countries , creating a significant risk of blowback when these fighters return home . "  The concern is that the al Qaeda networks of the future are being created in this jihadist melting pot , " said Paul Cruickshank , a CNN terrorism analyst who has specialized for years in studying al Qaeda . READ MORE : Cruickshank : Concerns over al Qaeda 's resurgence An increasing number of them are from Europe -- approaching two thousand , according to the ICSR , an unprecedented number , according to experts . The United States and its allies fear that those fighters will be able to more easily launch attacks in their homelands or against Western targets , said Cruickshank . "  Syria is now the fuel for the jihadist movement and some of the most experienced operatives from Pakistan and Iraq have relocated there , " he said . "  Syria has helped al Qaeda rebuild its operations in the Arab world , which has always been its intention anyway . " READ MORE : Al Qaeda-linked group strengthens hold in northern Syria Cruickshank saiid it 's especially scary to consider that al Qaeda members in Syria could receive training in the terror group 's traditionally sophisticated bomb-making and detonating courses . Consider that the Boston Marathon bombing utilized what are considered low-grade explosives , he said . Al Qaeda generally sets the bar higher for destruction on par with the London attacks in the summer of 2005 . "  It 's possible that new recruits could get training like what we saw al Qaeda in Pakistan giving -- showing people how to make high-explosive bombs made of chemicals bought at beauty or home goods stores and detonate them . " Cruickshank said . "  All they would need to do is return to Europe , buy what they need to and carry out an attack . " Flashpoint partners , a U.S outfit that tracks jihadist websites , provided the terror analyst with an al Qaeda video that emerged on Christmas day . It features the Boston bombing and also the slaying of a London soldier in May of this year . The Christmas Day-published video is an updated English language version of al Qaeda 's central video "  You are Only Responsible for Yourself " which was first issued in June 2011 . That video featured senior al Qaeda leaders including Ayman al Zawahiri and American-born al Qaeda spokesman Adam Gadahn . It calls for al Qaeda sympathizers to take things into their own hands and launch attacks in the West . Both attacks are called models for the future . An elusive peace in Iraq Syria borders Iraq . Though the causes of violence in Iraq are many-fold , al Qaeda 's presence there , aided by Syria 's weakened state , is being felt among the fragile nation 's law enforcement and civilian population . Between January and November 2013 , more than 7,000 Iraqi civilians were killed , including 952 Iraqi Security Forces , according to the United Nations . April 2013 was Iraq 's deadliest month in five years . Since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein , Sunni Arabs have been politically marginalized and Shiites , who represent a majority of Iraqis , have emerged with more power . That has led to sectarian violence -- constant bombings and various smaller attacks . Al Qaeda is targeting Shiites in an attempt to plunge the country into another civil war and hopes to carve out a larger zone of territory under their control on either side of the Syria-Iraq border , Cruickshank says . Smaller bursts of violence are the hallmark of al Qaeda 's new approach to terrorism , according to the chairs of the Senate and House intelligence committees who appeared on CNN 's "  State of the Union " in early December . CNN 's Candy Crowley asked House Intelligence Committee Chair Mike Rogers if he thought Americans were safer in 2013 than they were a few years ago . He insisted they 're not , and that U.S. intelligence and security officials are having a tougher time than ever before trying to stop so many smaller-scale plots . But does that translate into a threat specifically in the U.S. ? To Rogers , it does . "  All of them have at least some aspiration to commit an act of violence in the United States or against Western targets all around the world , " he said . However , CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen said earlier this month that the data on al Qaeda-linked or influenced militants indicted in the United States suggests that the threat of terrorism has actually markedly declined over the past couple of years . At least for the moment , "  these al Qaeda groups in Syria and Iraq are completely focused on overthrowing the Assad regime  in Syria  or attacking what they regard as the Shia-dominated government of Iraq . And , at least so far , these groups have shown no ability to attack in Europe , let alone in the United States , " he said in a column published on CNN.com . Bergen : Are we hyping the terror risk ? The new Al Qaeda What motivates al Qaeda 's newest members ? Sen. Dianne Feinstein told Crowley she thought there is still a pervasive belief among extremists that a caliphate -- an Islamic state governed strictly by Sharia , or Islamic , law -- is possible and should be fought for . "  I think there is a real displaced aggression in this very fundamentalist , jihadist , Islamic community , " she said . "  And that is that the west is responsible for everything that goes wrong ... I see more groups , more fundamentalists , more jihadists more determined to kill to get to where they want to get . " Cruickshank points to the disappointment many young men felt over what they perceive as a failed Arab Spring revolution . Al Qaeda is still mostly comprised of younger men , though women are taking backseat support roles , he added . In 2011 , tens of thousands of protesters staged a revolution in Egypt that unseated longtime dictator Hosni Mubarak . Mohamed Morsy , then a Muslim Brotherhood leader , was elected president in the country 's first democratic election in 2012 . He was deposed by the military last summer . This week Egypt 's military-backed government declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group . On Thursday , dozens of members of the Islamist party were arrested and their property seized , authorities said . "  The great hope of the Arab Spring was that it would liberate the political system . But instead it resulted in increased repression against Islamists , " Cruickshank said . "  For a lot of young men going into Syria , in some respect , it 's a reaction to that feeling . " "  They see the Egyptian and Syrian government as tarred with the same brush . They see those governments as blocking the true flourishing of Islam . " CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Al Qaeda rebounds in Yemen , Egypt 's Sinai region , Libya , Iraq , east and west Africa Al Qaeda in Yemen is especially concerning Recently intercepted messages suggest "  active plotting , " a source says The terror group has established a strong foothold in Syria in the chaos of a civil war
CNN  -- The world-famous Hubble Space Telescope is owned by the U.S. government and operated cooperatively by NASA and an institute under contract to NASA . Now that the government has shut down , the institute can still use existing resources to continue Hubble operations for as long as possible . Its staff has tried to ensure that -- to the extent possible -- the shutdown will not affect telescope operations . But events can overtake plans . If Hubble encounters a problem or a glitch , as happens occasionally , science operations will be suspended and the spacecraft will be locked into safe mode until government employees can issue spacecraft commands to restore operations . Safe mode means orienting the delicate instruments away from the sun while keeping the solar panels illuminated , to make sure no instrument loses power and is ruined . But in safe mode , the instruments wo n't record any of the light coming to the telescope . The approximate cost of one hour of Hubble observing is somewhere between $ 8,000 and $ 25,000 , depending on whether one adds the costs of operating and refurbishing the facility to its initial construction costs . That means a two-week government shutdown could waste $ 3 million , $ 5 million , even $ 8 million of taxpayer investment . Frankly , the loss to science is far greater . Each year thousands of astronomers from around the world compete to decide where Hubble will point -- toward particular stars or planets or galaxies or gravitational lenses . Special science panels spend weeks setting priorities for the most important proposed science investigations . For every 10 hours of observing time astronomers want to use , only 1 hour is eventually approved . U.S. shutdown threatens launch of NASA 's next mission to Mars That means each week the government is shut down could cost dozens to hundreds of critical astronomical observations . The James Webb Space Telescope , Hubble 's successor , is undergoing critical tests at the Goddard Space Flight Center . This has to be done at extremely cold temperatures , mimicking conditions in space , and the amount of time to cool the system down is one of the drivers of schedule and therefore cost . As long as the government remains shut down , the testing will have to wait . If the shutdown lasts more than a few weeks , the JWST instrument module will have to be warmed up , probably pushing the launch date forward by a few months and raising the cost commensurately  about $ 1 million per day  . NASA operates dozens of scientific spacecraft . A few look out at the cosmos , like Hubble . Many monitor the sun and the particle environment around Earth . Such observations have provided early warning of major sunstorms  known by solar scientists as "  coronal mass ejections "  that can knock out communications satellites and other fragile electronics . To check on the number of satellites that might be affected by the shutdown , this author tried to access a NASA website , only to see the following message : "  Due to the lapse in federal government funding , this website is not available . We sincerely regret the inconvenience . " This prompted further searching . The main NASA website defaults to the same error message . The education and outreach pages maintained by astronomers at the Goddard Space Flight Center -- and read by schoolchildren across the country -- are not accessible . The Jet Propulsion Laboratory , because it is run under contract to NASA , still has a visible website . Their flagship mission , the Mars Science Laboratory and its Curiosity Rover , is apparently still active , operated by team members who work for JPL or Caltech or other participating institutions other than the federal government . But as for Hubble , if there is any kind of glitch , federal civil servants will be essential to the recovery of rover operations . NASA grounded by government shutdown The work does n't disappear , either . Scientists at NASA and the National Science Foundation are some of the hardest working people I know . The government shutdown means they are forbidden to do any work . They ca n't take their laptops home or phone into teleconferences from home , the way I might if a hurricane or snowstorm threatened Yale . So , you might think they are having a nice  though unpaid  vacation . But actually , the same work is sitting on their desk when they get back , and it all has to get done . So it means they 'll work longer hours to catch up and for most civil servant scientists , there is no such thing as overtime pay . A NASA colleague at the Goddard Space Flight Center is designing a powerful new telescope . For the past few weeks , we 've had intensive discussions with colleagues around the world about the science this telescope will be able to do . Now , there is radio silence . His last e-mail said , "  This is going to be my last e-mail before the government shutdown ends . Any work during a shutdown is deemed a violation of the Anti-Deficiency Act . You are welcome to continue to e-mail me , but I might not be able to respond until the federal government opens for business . " We are all waiting . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	Government shutdown affects NASA , where employees are off the job Meg Urry : A two-week shutdown could waste $ 3 million to $ 8 million of taxpayer money She says loss to science is greater as critical astronomical work could be affected Urry : NASA scientists ca n't do their work and must make up for it when shutdown ends
CNN  -- At least four people were killed when a tourist trolley derailed Saturday in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , state media reported . About 30 people were injured in the accident , the state-run Agencia Brasil reported , citing firefighters . The trolley went off the tracks in Rio de Janeiro 's hilltop Santa Teresa neighborhood , Agencia Brasil said . CNN affiliate TV Record showed images of rescuers carrying injured passengers away from the wreckage on stretchers . Investigators are trying to determine what caused the accident , TV Record reported . A French tourist died two months ago after falling out of one of the trolleys , Agencia Brasil said . Rio de Janeiro is scheduled to host the World Cup in 2014 and the Summer Olympics in 2016 .	About 30 people are injured , state-run Agencia Brasil reports Investigators are trying to determine what caused the accident , TV Record says The accident occurs in a hilltop neighborhood
CNN  -- Kerry Washington knows you have been waiting . The star of the hit ABC series "  Scandal " is fully aware that there is a legion of "  gladiators in suits "  as fans call themselves  eagerly awaiting the return of the series . She , too , is pretty excited to be back playing Washington , D.C. insider and crisis management expert Olivia Pope . Pope is a "  fixer " who formerly worked for her lover , Republican President Fitzgerald Grant . When told that there are many women who try to emulate both Pope 's sense of fashion and take-charge personality , Washington laughs . "  I do , too , " she said . The series ended its first season with the revelation that the character Quinn Perkins , an employee of Pope 's  and played by Katie Lowes  , was not actually Quinn Perkins . Perkins calls Pope after she is jailed for the murder of her boyfriend , a reporter who was digging into the secrets of President Grant 's administration . Did we mention that said president also happens to be in love with Pope ? Season 2 answers the "  Who is Quinn " question in the first episode , but Washington said there will be plenty of other surprises and mystery this season that even she is n't sure about . "  Every week is a surprise , " she said . "  It 's kind of ridiculous because we do n't get an outline of the season , so the same way when -LSB- fans -RSB- watch it week to week and we live tweet with them and they are shocked , we feel that way when we read -LSB- the scripts -RSB- week to week . It 's shocker after shocker and it 's great . " While last season focused more on "  realizing no one is who you think they are , " Washington said the new season will be more about "  how those secrets complicate other people 's lives . " "  It 's about how those secrets impact those around them , either because they know or they do n't know , " she said . "  Things get very complicated . " Not that Washington can be called on to unravel too much before the show 's premiere Thursday night . The actress said there is no way she is trying to run afoul of series creator Shonda Rhimes by revealing plot lines . Washington is more comfortable talking about the other star of "  Scandal , " Olivia Pope 's stylish wardrobe . The actress said it 's exciting that fans have gotten so into Pope 's pantsuits and handbags , because she and costume designer Lyn Paolo have worked really diligently on Pope 's look . "  We 've always been on the same page in terms of her style , " Washington said . "  A big part of that was this is a woman who used to work for the establishment , but now she works for herself . We wanted the clothes to be really elegant , smart and tailored in a D.C. aesthetic , but we also wanted to be more fashion forward and use more European designers , because she does work for herself and she has global clientele . " Fall TV fashion : Outfitting ` Scandal ' Washington said Pope also does n't shy away from her femininity and certainly not her sexuality , which has resulted in some steamy scenes with President Grant . The actress said she is loving the fact that not many eyebrows have been raised by the fact that a black female character on a television show is involved in a torrid romance with a white male character . "  I think the big deal is that it 's not a big deal , and I think that 's cool , " Washington said . "  What I love is that the conversation is not ` Oh this is such a big deal , ' but ` Oh how interesting that this is part of the full picture of who they are . ' " The actress said that it 's fun for her to play "  inside the Beltway " in a series that is not at all like the current political landscape . Washington is herself very politically aware , and spoke at the recent Democratic National Convention . Her interest in politics stems , she said , from her parents - especially her mother , a retired professor whose dinner parties exposed a young Washington to activism early on . "  As a kid , there would be dinners where her colleagues would be talking about a woman 's right to choose , affirmative action and redistricting , " Washington recalled . "  I grew up talking about these issues and knowing that politics were not separate from us as people . " Washington 's next big project is the eagerly awaited Quentin Tarantino film "  Django Unchained . " The movie is set before the Civil War and Washington plays a slave whose husband  played by Jamie Foxx  seeks to rescue her from a brutal master on a Mississippi plantation . The project not only reunited Washington and Foxx , who appeared together in the Ray Charles bio-pic "  Ray , " but it also gave the actress an opportunity to delve into a role that she said was challenging artistically and emotionally taxing . It was a part Washington said she 's not sure she would have been able to portray were it not for having the balance of the Olivia Pope role on "  Scandal . " "  There would be days that would be so hard for me that Jamie Foxx would turn to me and say , ` How are you doing , Olivia , " she said . "  It was to remind me that -LSB- the role as Broomhilda the slave -RSB- was not just it . I feel very blessed that at this point in my career I am able to play both of these women , because we have a full range of experience and identity and history . It 's exciting to not just be defined by one section as to who we are as women and people of color . "	"  Scandal " returns for season 2 on Thursday Kerry Washington says there will be plenty of mystery and surprises She says she grew up with an interest in politics Her next project is the Tarantino film "  Django Unchained "
Madrid  CNN  -- Spanish police arrested eight suspected Islamic militants in Madrid in predawn raids Monday , for allegedly recruiting and sending radical fighters to aid the terrorist group Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , the Interior Ministry said in a statement . The arrests come just ahead of the proclamation of Spain 's new King Felipe VI on Thursday in parliament , and the ministry last week raised the terror alert level from 2 to 3 , to tighten security in the capital during the festivities . The suspected leader of the cell broken up Monday had been detained in Afghanistan in 2001 and later was a prisoner at the U.S. base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , the ministry said . Just last month , police arrested six Spanish men in the Spanish enclave of Melilla , on Morocco 's north coast , on suspicion of recruiting and sending 26 radical Islamic fighters for terrorist groups in Syria , Mali and Libya . Also in Melilla , last March , a Spaniard and two Frenchmen were arrested on similar charges . The movement of Islamic militants from Europe and North Africa to conflict zones such as Syria , Mali and Libya -- and their eventual return to Spain to potentially carry out terrorist attacks -- has been a prime concern for authorities battling terrorism . This week , thousands of police and security forces will be on alert throughout Madrid ; King Juan Carlos , 76 , Spain 's head of state and commander in chief , formalizes his abdication Wednesday , leading to the proclamation of his son , Crown Prince Felipe , 46 , as the new King , in a nation where the elected government runs the country . The new King and his wife , Princess Letizia , who will become queen of Spain , are due to ride through the streets , from Parliament to the royal palace , and city officials have urged Spaniards to turn out for the parade and to hang Spanish flags from their homes .	They 're accused of recruiting , sending fighters to aid the ISIS terrorist group The cell 's suspected leader had been a prisoner at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , ministry says The arrests come just ahead of the proclamation of Spain 's new King Felipe VI on Thursday This week , thousands of police and security forces will be on alert during coronation festivities
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- Microsoft unveiled Windows 8 for public testing on Wednesday in the hope that it will help the brand win back some of the ground it has been losing to Apple and Google . The new operating system works on tablets as well as PCs and laptops , connecting them via the cloud to give users a more consistent experience as they switch between devices . "  It 's beautiful , modern , fast and fluid -- it 's a generational change in the Windows operating system , " Microsoft Windows President Steven Sinofsky said as he launched the consumer preview of the new operating system at Mobile World Congress , in Barcelona , Spain . Read more : Google , the star of the show ? Windows 8 scales across devices and screen sizes , Sinofsky said . "  There 's too many hard stops between phones and tablets and desktops . We want to make things more harmonious , " he said . The new operating system uses the "  Metro " style of software currently being used on phones running the Windows 7 operating system , using tiles on the start-up screen . A new Windows Store , which will be the marketplace for all apps for Windows 8 , also launched on Wednesday . Apps will be free to download for the duration of the consumer preview . James Governor , a London-based tech-industry analyst , said Windows 8 was unlikely to galvanize Microsoft 's market profile but its entry into tablet technology laid crucial groundwork for sustained relevance . He said the popularity of Windows 7 meant that , as was seen with Microsoft 's earlier XP operating system , there would n't be intense clamoring for an immediate update . "  I do n't think it 's an explosive ` Christ , we 've got to have this new release , ' "  he said . "  There is n't necessarily a pent-up demand for what Windows 8 represents . " Read more : Brave new world of mobile medicine Governor said the move into the tablet market represented by Windows 8 marked a key step for Microsoft as it repositioned itself against Apple and Android-powered machines . "  Microsoft needs to be in the tablet game . It could n't sit out two or three rounds of tablets without trying to have a more effective play and clearly Windows 8 is a big part of that , " he said . In terms of functionality , Governor said Windows 8 suffered from a "  weird two-personality thing " as it switched between its user-friendly new Metro interface into functional areas of computing . "  A lot of people are n't going to be comfortable with that : here is this new Metro personality and then , oh by the way , now I really want some really hardcore web development . I found it OK , but I do n't know how it will work with others . " Barry Neild contributed to this story from London	Microsoft has made available a preview version of its latest Windows software Windows 8 upgrade marks computing giant 's long-awaited move into tablets Analyst says success of Windows 7 means there wo n't be stampede to upgrade
CNN  -- For 16 glorious years , I taught 11th-graders at a magnet high school in Miami . For me , teaching was n't about making a living . It was my life . Nothing made me happier or more content than standing in front of a classroom and sharing the works of writers such as Shakespeare , Chaucer , Jack Kerouac , Tupac Shakur and Gwendolyn Brooks and watching my students "  catch " my passion for language and literature . I loved watching these 15 - and 16-year-olds grapple with their first major life decisions -- future careers , relationships , where to live , which colleges to attend , what to study -- at the same moment they 're learning to drive and getting their first jobs and experimenting with identity and independence . There was n't a day when I did n't feel privileged to be part of their metamorphoses and grateful for the chance to affect their lives . My classroom was my sanctuary , so on the day before Thanksgiving in 2006 when I was diagnosed with an incurable form of brain cancer at 34 and told I had less than a year to live , I did what I always did . I went to school . I needed my students to know that I trusted them enough to share life 's most sacrosanct passage . Death . They , in turn , helped me to live in the moment and spend whatever time I had left living well . For six years , the only time I was n't in class was when I was undergoing brain surgery . I never avoided the topic of my cancer , glioblastoma multiforme , with my students , but it was not something I dwelled on , nor did they . I covered my bald , lacerated head with a woolen hat and scheduled chemotherapy around my classes , and I got so good at being sick that I could run to the bathroom , heave into the toilet , flush , brush my teeth and fly back to class in under three minutes . They pretended not to notice . During that time , I even won "  Teacher of the Year " for my region . I was grateful for every breath and felt as if I could live that way forever . Then , two summers ago , the tumor in my head decided to act up . I was playing pool with a friend when I was struck with a catastrophic seizure that left me crippled and mostly blind . After two months of physical therapy and a grim prognosis for improvement , I was forced to face that I could no longer be the teacher I once was and I tendered my resignation . The cancer had finally succeeded in taking me out of the classroom , but I was n't ready to let it take me out of the game . I was n't afraid to die . I was afraid of living without a purpose . To paraphrase Nietzsche , a person who has a why to live can always find a how . My "  why " had always been my students . I just needed to find a new "  how . " Since I no longer had a classroom for them to come to me , I decided that I would go to them . In September of 2012 , I posted my plan on Facebook . I said I wanted to spend whatever time I had left visiting with former students . My purpose was to have a chance to see firsthand how my kids were faring and to witness how , if at all , I had helped shape their young lives . It was an opportunity that few people ever get , but many , and particularly teachers , would covet . Within hours of posting , I had invitations from students in more than 50 cities across the country . In early November , I set off on my journey , traveling across America by bus , by train , just me and my red-tipped cane . Over the next three months , I traveled more than 8,000 miles from Miami to New York , to America 's heartland and San Francisco 's Golden Gate , visiting hundreds of my former students along the way . I had hoped I would discover that I 'd instilled in at least some of them a lasting love of books and literature , and a deep curiosity about the world . But what my trip taught me was something even more gratifying . What I learned from my travels was that my students had grown up to be kind and caring people . People who picked me up when I fell over curbs , read to me from books I could no longer see , and cut my food when I could not grasp a knife . They shared with me their deepest secrets , introduced me to their families and friends , sang to me my favorite songs and recited my favorite poetry . As I had hoped , they recalled favorite lessons and books from class , but , to my great surprise , it was our personal time together that seemed to have meant the most to them . Those brief , intimate interludes between lessons when we shared heartaches and vulnerabilities and victories were the times my students remembered . And it was through them I realized that those very human moments , when we connected on a deep and personal level , were what made my life feel so rich , then and now . My students had taught me the greatest lesson of all . They taught me that what matters is not so much about what we learn in class , but what we feel in our hearts . I am a pragmatic man . I know there is no reason I should still be alive . The cancer never lets me forget that it and not I will ultimately win this battle of wills . I know the disease will have its way with me , and sooner , rather than later . My limbs are withering and my memory is fading . Yet as my world dims from the tumor growing in my head , I see ever more clearly the gifts the promise of an early death has brought . My travels are done , but my students are never more than a phone call or an e-mail or a Facebook message away . And from the lessons I learned on the road , I , to borrow from the great Lou Gehrig , will die feeling like the luckiest man on Earth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Menasche .	David Menasche : I taught 11th grade for 16 years ; teaching was my life and made me happy Menasche : After being diagnosed with brain cancer , my classroom was my sanctuary He traveled around the country to reconnect with former students , who grew up kind Menasche : To borrow from the great Lou Gehrig , I will die feeling like the luckiest man
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Rafael unleashed heavy rain and powerful gusts to the Virgin Islands and threatened more areas in the Caribbean Sea late Saturday night . With sustained winds of 50 mph , Rafael could get even stronger as it bears down on several islands popular with tourists . "  Some strengthening is forecast during the next 48 hours , and Rafael could become a hurricane by late Monday , " the National Hurricane Center in Miami said at 11 p.m. Saturday . At that time , the tropical storm was centered about 40 miles west-northwest of St. Marten and 95 miles east of St. Croix . Rafael was moving north at 14 mph . A tropical storm warning is in effect for a number of Caribbean isles , including the U.S. and British Virgin Islands , St. Marten , Anguilla , Antigua , Barbuda , St. Kitts and Guadeloupe . Dousing rains and steady winds in excess of 39 mph are expected in 12 to 24 hours in these places , according to the hurricane center . Puerto Rico is under a tropical storm watch , meaning such conditions are possible . Forecasters expect Rafael to dump between 3 to 5 inches of rain over the Lesser Antilles and Virgin Islands , with some pockets getting as much as 10 inches . "  These rains could cause life-threatening flash floods and mudslides , especially in areas of mountainous terrain , " the hurricane center said . The storm could impact rescue efforts for two men and one woman whose small aircraft crashed Saturday morning about six nautical miles  7 miles  south of St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands , Coast Guard spokesman Ricardo Castrodad said . They were aboard a twin-engine Piper PA-23 that left St. Croix destined for St. Thomas , according to Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen . Rescue crews from the Coast Guard and U.S. Virgin Islands Department of Natural Resources saved one female passenger , Valerie Jackson , who told them three others were still unaccounted for . A Coast Guard cutter ship , two helicopters and a fixed-wing aircraft have been dispatched from Puerto Rico for the search , Castrodad said . The effort continued Saturday night despite what the Coast Guard spokesman said were deteriorating conditions due to Rafael . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : The center of Rafael passes St. Martin and is heading north The tropical storm could become a hurricane by Friday Efforts to find three passengers on a downed plane continue despite the weather Tropical storm warnings are in effect for many Caribbean islands
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , dogged by widespread speculation about his health , appeared chipper and energetic in a television appearance over the weekend . "  What a lovely breeze , what lovely weather , " Chavez said Saturday as he opened a meeting with a delegation from Belarus several weeks before President Alexander Lukashenko 's scheduled visit to the South American nation . State-run VTV showed Chavez walking down a long hall with the Belarusian delegation before delivering a speech on the front steps of the palace . For Chavez , a year of health struggles Facing a row of cameras , the Venezuelan president spoke effusively about his Bolivarian revolution , football , friends and the weather . Live television appearances have long been common for the Venezuelan president , but have dwindled in recent months as he undergoes cancer treatment . On Tuesday , the Venezuelan president spoke for several hours , making no mention of his health , during a cabinet meeting that was broadcast live , . Eleven months after Chavez first announced his cancer diagnosis , Venezuelan officials have released few details about his treatment . Neither Chavez nor anyone in his government have publicly discussed what kind of cancer he has or provided a detailed prognosis for the 57-year-old leader . In May , Chavez said he had successfully completed his latest cycle of radiation therapy . "  This week I have been holed up , working , rigorously following the doctor 's orders to recuperate as soon as possible from the effects of the radiation therapy . And I am recuperating gradually , " he said in a May 18 telephone interview with VTV . But speculation has continued to swirl about the president 's political future , and for months many have turned to media accounts for information on Chavez 's health . Last week , a report from veteran U.S. television journalist Dan Rather described Chavez 's health situation as "  dire , " citing an unidentified source 's assessment that the Venezuelan president may not see the final results of the October elections due to the progression of his cancer . "  This reporter has been told that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has metastatic rhabdomyosarcoma , an aggressive cancer that has ` entered the end stage , ' " Rather said on the website for his HDNet show "  Dan Rather Reports . " Rather , a longtime CBS News anchor and "  60 Minutes " correspondent , said the information came from a "  highly respected source close to Chavez and who is in a position to know his medical condition and history . " However , Rather said that "  there is only one source for identifying the cancer and the prognosis quoted in the first part of the story . " He did not disclose the source of his report , which has not been confirmed by CNN . The report -- which also referred to Chavez as a "  dictator " -- drew swift ire from the Venezuelan government . The next day , the nation 's information ministry distributed an editorial from close Chavez ally Eva Golinger titled , "  Shame on You , Dan Rather . " "  Dan Rather has always emphasized the necessity of ` courage ' in reporting , yet he shows cowardice and sloppy ambition by racing to publish unconfirmed reports on President Chavez 's health , and by touting slanderous epithets to describe the Venezuelan head of state , " Golinger wrote . Golinger said Chavez was "  a far cry from being on his ` death bed , ' as Rather implies . " "  Chavez has cancer , and he is fighting it hard , with the same strength he has used to propel his nation forward , often against the toughest obstacles , " she wrote . Chavez , who has ruled oil-rich Venezuela since 1999 , is a controversial figure with outspoken , antagonistic views toward the United States . His pro-Cuban , socialist policies are also controversial domestically and have increasingly polarized the nation and national media , according to the Atlanta-based Carter Center , which provided election monitors in the nation 's 2006 presidential elections . Recent polls have offered different assessments of how Chavez 's health could impact Venezuelan voters when they cast their ballots on October 7 . According to the Datanalisis polling firm , Chavez 's popularity stood at about 49 % last year . The pro-government GIS XXI reports that 86 % of the population admires how he has handled his illness and 45.7 % said Chavez 's health had n't affected the national political situation . CNN affiliate Globovision TV reported that polling firm Varianzas , which claims to be independent and has no international affiliation , puts Chavez at a 51.3 % percent lead in the latest polls ahead of his opponent , Henrique Capriles Radonski , who registered a 46.5 % . Varianzas President Rafael Delgado told reporters in May that the October presidential elections will be very close , and trends could quickly change depending on campaigning styles and economic trends .	"  What a lovely breeze , what lovely weather , " a cheerful Chavez says State-run VTV shows Chavez walking a long hallway with Belorussian leaders Speculation continues to swirl about his health and political future Journalist Dan Rather describes the Venezuelan president 's situation as "  dire "
CNN  -- The University of North Carolina has launched its own investigation into claims highlighted by CNN that too many of its student-athletes read poorly . Chancellor Carol Folt posted an open letter to campus , saying : "  I take these claims very seriously , but we have been unable to reconcile these claims with either our own facts or with those data currently being cited as the source for the claims . Moreover , the data presented in the media do not match up with those data gathered by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions . " The university also released some of its own data , which it claims shows that the allegations of academic problems highlighted in a CNN investigation by whistle-blower Mary Willingham are not true . Folt 's letter said : "  Only two of the 321 student-athletes admitted in 2012 and 2013 fell below the SAT and ACT levels that were cited in a recent CNN report as the threshold for reading levels for first-year students . And those two students are in good academic standing . " But a larger analysis of SAT and ACT entrance exam scores released to CNN show the situation is not so bright . UNC data shows that , since 2004 , the university admitted 34 players to play in the revenue-generating sports of football and basketball who scored below a 400 on the SAT verbal test , or below a 16 on the ACT reading and English tests . That 's 10 % of those athletes admitted under "  special talents " to play football or basketball . Willingham reported 8 % of student-athletes playing in revenue sports were reading below a third-grade level as part of a research project that was university approved . However , Willingham 's research included other factors , and used a smaller sample size . On Thursday , CNN talked to a psychologist who administered the academic achievement test that Willingham used in her research , and that psychologist backed up Willingham 's findings . The psychologist , who asked not to be identified , said a spreadsheet with the results of the tests was given to UNC academic support center staff each year the testing was done . "  You have to do really badly on that test to get a low score , " the psychologist also said , noting that some student-athletes scored even lower on later evaluations . "  I have the utmost confidence in Mary 's integrity and she 's trying to do the right thing , and always has , " the psychologist said . The SAT and ACT thresholds were used by CNN , after consulting several experts , to represent a reading level too low to understand college textbooks . That was the standard applied to several universities as part of CNN 's national look at the reading levels of college athletes . UNC officials talked with Willingham , a learning specialist , on Monday in what they said was a "  cordial " meeting ; Willingham described it as being "  condescending . " But the university continues to dispute her findings . And her university approval to do the research was pulled Thursday by UNC , Willingham said , partly because she was aware of the identity of some of the athletes in her findings . While UNC says it will do its own review of what Willingham found , it also disputes the claim that it admitted students who could not do work at UNC . "  There have been 34 students evaluated in detail at length and we believe were capable of succeeding here , " said Steve Farmer , UNC 's director of undergraduate admissions , referring to the 10 % who scored below the threshold . "  When we evaluate someone , we do n't just rely on one score . " Farmer also pointed out that in 2013 , no student-athletes were admitted with scores below the threshold , and in 2012 , only two student-athletes in the revenue sports were admitted with scores that low . CNN first requested comment from the university on Willingham 's research back in September . The university originally said it was not aware of the research , then later said the university would not comment . Only after the story was published has the university responded to CNN 's requests for information . Two years ago , UNC 's own internal investigation uncovered an academic scandal in which several athletes were enrolled in classes where little or no work was required . The North Carolina attorney general recently indicted a former professor who allegedly accepted money for teaching those "  no-show " classes . Willingham , who has spoken publicly about that scandal and has received threats since talking to CNN , insists she worked with several student-athletes who would not have been able to read this article on the day they were admitted to college . "  We were going back to letters and sounds , " Willingham told CNN , recounting stories of athletes , one who could not read multisyllabic words .	UNC will investigate claims regarding student-athletes Mary Willingham was shocked by the number of UNC athletes who struggled to read University releases own data
CNN  -- Chinese amateur golfer Guan Tianlang was not even born when Tiger Woods won the Masters for the first time in 1997 . Guan will become the youngest player in Masters history when he tees off on Thursday , eclipsing the mark set by Italy 's Matteo Manassero in 2010 And on Monday , the Chinese teenager -- aged 14 years , five months and 14 days -- was given a helping hand by Woods after the 14-time major winner invited Guan to take in the back nine of the fabled Augusta course . Guan qualified for the year 's first major by winning November 's Asia-Pacific Amateur Championship , an event designed specifically to unearth global talent . It was the third time the teenager had played with world No. 1 Woods , with the pair joined on their Monday practice round by big-hitting American Dustin Johnson . "  He gives me advice and I will say every time I play with him I feel a lot better and give myself confidence , " Guan told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  I 'm not going to push myself too hard . I 'm trying to just enjoy my game , play my best and hopefully play a good score . " Woods , who goes into this weekend 's tournament as favorite to clinch a fifth Masters crown , is pleased his legacy has helped created a new generation of players . Opinion : For Tiger , winning does take care of everything "  It 's frightening to think that he was born after I won my first Masters , " the 37-year-old said after winning the Arnold Palmer Invitational a few weeks ago . "  It 's exciting that I 've inspired kids to play and not just here in the States , but obviously in China and around the world . " At the other end of the age scale , Northern Irishman Darren Clarke , aged 44 , was hoping to take part in his 12th Masters . But the 2011 British Open champion has been forced to withdraw with the same hamstring injury which kept him out of last week 's Valero Texas Open . Clarke was one of Jose Maria Olazabal 's vice captains when he led Europe to a stunning Ryder Cup victory against the United States at Medinah in September . Meanwhile Spain 's Olazabal , a two-time champion at Augusta , hit a wayward drive during the first day of practice which left a male spectator with blood pouring from his head . Olazabal , the last European to wear the green jacket , immediately apologized and offered the stricken fan a signed glove . Woods back on top of the world	Chinese amateur Guan Tianlang plays back nine of Augusta with Tiger Woods Guan to become the youngest player in Masters history when play begins on Thursday 2011 British Open champion Darren Clarke forced to withdraw due to a hamstring injury Jose Maria Olazabal apologizes to fan after hitting him in the head with a wayward shot
Ray Duggan will be the first to tell you just how tough he was . Raised to never run from a fight , Duggan started running with a gang at 14 . With his father in prison and absent from his life , the gang was everything to Duggan . "  It gave me a sense of being , " said Duggan , now 31 . Running with the Young Bloods in the West End neighborhood of Providence , Rhode Island , Duggan says he felt the need to prove himself . "  I had to make myself meaner and tougher , " he said . He got his first gun at 16 and admits "  shooting people and running away from the police " were his adrenaline . Duggan thought he might one day get shot and killed . He never expected to get shot and paralyzed . What happens when you do n't die ? It was around midnight on October 9 , 2004 , when Duggan returned home after a car chase with rival gang members . Thinking he 'd lost them , he was outside chatting with a friend when two men walked by . He thought they were neighbors until they opened fire . Duggan was hit with a barrage of bullets , one severing his spinal cord . "  It never entered my head about being paralyzed or anything , " Duggan said recently as he maneuvered his wheelchair down the street , pointing to the corner where he was shot . "  It was right there . That 's where I ended up getting shot ... I fell into the street right here , " he said . For Joel Irizarry , a former gang member from Chicago 's northwest side , the memory of the moment he was shot is just as clear . On May 6 , 1998 , from the driver 's window of his car , Irizarry watched a rival step out of an alley , raise his pistol and fire a single shot . The bullet went through the seat and hit Irizarry in the spine , he said . He was instantly paralyzed . One bullet was all it took . When doctors told Irizarry he 'd never walk again , his whole world shattered . Before that moment , he thought he was invincible . A double life Irizarry says he joined a gang for protection . He was a skinny , scared 15-year-old in a neighborhood where there were shootings nearly every day . He could n't get to school without being harassed , chased , or beaten up , he said . After joining the gang , Irizarry felt he was leading a double life . He maintained a good GPA at school , and at home he was a caring son and a good brother for his younger siblings , Irizarry said . But out on the streets , he said , "  I made less than favorable decisions . " Irizarry said he was trying to leave the gang when he was shot . Whether it 's drug dealing or gang activities , the outcomes you hear about are always the same , Irizarry said . "  You only hear about death or jail . You never hear about this disability , " he said . Lifelong disability and health care For Irizarry and Duggan , permanent disability and lifetime health care are their new reality . According to the National Spinal Cord Injury Statistical Center , acts of violence , primarily gunshot wounds , are the third leading cause of spinal cord injury among American adults . Experts say young , uninsured men are affected disproportionately . The cost to society is huge . Health care can cost up to a $ 1 million per patient in the first year alone , and up to $ 181,000 for each year after that . Dr. Roy Adair , head of rehabilitation at Chicago 's Advocate Christ Medical Center , says nearly half of all spinal cord injuries that come through the hospital 's trauma unit are the result of gunshot wounds . "  Imagine being fully independent , get a gunshot wound and all of a sudden you 're paralyzed , you ca n't work , you ca n't take care of bodily functions ... That 's what we 're dealing with , " Adair said . Everyday tasks are beyond challenging . For Duggan , just going to the bathroom is difficult . "  It really humbles you , " he said . And being intimate with another person ? "  That scares the hell out of me , " he said . "  I have very , very low self-esteem . " Duggan lives on his own in a small house that is barely wheelchair accessible . Still , he insists on doing most things himself . "  Just because I 'm in a wheelchair , " he said , "  if I do n't do something and have to ask someone else , it 's like giving up . " His biggest health threat , he says , is the bedsores he gets from being in his chair . When we visited Duggan , he had just come home from the hospital after one of his bedsores became infected . Duggan underwent several surgeries ; part of his hip bone had to be removed . Dr. James Doherty , director of the trauma center at Chicago 's Advocate Christ Medical Center , said the majority of the patients his center treats survive their injuries but are left with long-term disabilities . A high price to pay Duggan no longer looks at the medical bills that come . He knows he can not afford the cost of his care . In the first year of his recovery , Duggan estimates , he had more $ 1 million in health care bills that were passed on to taxpayers . The ongoing cost of hospital stays for bedsores , he says , is about $ 40,000 a year . "  There is a financial cost for those injured in gun violence , " said Rebecca Levin , director of the Injury Prevention & Research Center at Lurie Children 's Hospital in Chicago . Because victims are "  disproportionately young and uninsured , " she said , "  the cost is borne by the rest of us . " Irizarry was 17 and uninsured when he got shot . He feels those paralyzed by gun violence are forgotten victims . "  Every once in a while you 'll see or hear something in the news about the aftermath , but not enough , " he said . Irizarry believes if people were more aware of the cost to society , more might be done to find solutions to the violence . "  Everybody is a victim of their circumstances . ... Whether it 's bad role models or just poverty , the help is not there that we need , " he said . The bystander Michael Brown , 56 , was an innocent bystander when a bullet struck him while he was driving in a Chicago suburb on May 3 of this year . "  All of a sudden a big boom , big sound and then pain like a big punch through my left shoulder , and I lost control from my neck down , " Brown said . Gun violence , unfortunately , is nothing new to Brown . At age 7 , he says , he was playing outside his house in the suburbs just south of Chicago when a bullet pierced his upper thigh . He survived that -- and he survived being shot again this time . But the most recent bullet has left Brown a quadriplegic . These costly , life-changing injuries affect not only those caught up in street wars , but also those who have nothing at all to do with the violence . Brown is a pastor , a high school math teacher and a father who was in the wrong place at the wrong time . "  You know , I do n't hold any bitterness or anger . I just want the violence to stop , " he said , as a tear rolled down his cheek . From gang war to peace Duggan and Irizarry take full responsibility for their situations and acknowledge their role in the violence . But today , both are working to fight violence on the streets of their respective cities . Duggan works at the Institute for the Study & Practice of Nonviolence in Providence . That job -- and the people he meets through it -- give him reason , he says , to go on . "  I can give up , just sit on disability and just not do nothing with my life and stay home and just freakin ' fade away , " said Duggan . "  I 'd much rather do something , and this is why I do the work I do now . " "  As long as I stop one kid from going down the wrong path , then -- bang -- I already saved a life , " he said . Irizarry mentored young men who were making mistakes similar to those he made and helped those with spinal cord injuries . He just graduated with a master 's degree in social work , and he 's working full-time as an admission coordinator at Schwab Rehabilitation Hospital in Chicago until he gets his license to practice social work . "  They say everything happens for a reason . This might be my reason . Just so I can prevent somebody from following my same road , " he said . Blame weak gun laws for holiday violence , Chicago 's top cop says PTSD from your ZIP code : Urban violence and the brain	Former gang members Ray Duggan and Joel Irizarry were paralyzed after being shot Permanent disability and lifetime health care is their new reality . The cost of care is huge -- for the victims and society Duggan and Irizarry now work to help others make the right choices
CNN  -- Britain and France are calling for an additional 3,000 United Nations troops in the Democratic Republic of Congo , where the U.N. already has its biggest peacekeeping mission , a senior British diplomat said Wednesday . A U.N. peacekeeper rides atop an armored vehicle last week in Goma , Democratic Republic of Congo . Mark Malloch-Brown , the British Foreign Office minister for Africa , the Middle East and the United Nations , announced a draft resolution on the troop increase while on a four-day mission to the war-torn Congo . Britain expects the U.N. Security Council to adopt the resolution by the end of the week , a spokeswoman for the British mission to the United Nations said . The resolution follows calls from the United Nations ' own peacekeeping experts , Human Rights Watch , and local human rights groups in Congo for more troops to support the 17,000 U.N. soldiers already there . A coalition of 44 organizations in eastern Congo wrote to the Security Council on Tuesday , pleading for more troops . "  This would help to prevent the atrocities that continue to be committed against civilians on an ever greater scale here in North Kivu -LSB- province -RSB- , on the border of Rwanda and Uganda , " the coalition wrote . Fighting between government forces , allied militias and rebels under the command of Laurent Nkunda has forced an estimated 250,000 people to flee their homes since August . "  Since August 28 , fighting has intensified in many areas , causing deaths , rapes , lootings , forced recruitment and further displacements of civilian populations , " the local coalition wrote . "  The population has thus been immersed in unspeakable suffering . In the last few days , fighting has drawn closer to large populated areas , such as the town of Goma . Fighting has also invaded and torn apart the region of Rutshuru , particularly in the town of Kiwanja , where hundreds of civilian deaths have now been recorded . " The letter echoes concerns expressed by the British aid group Oxfam last week . "  The world is failing in its responsibility to protect the Congo 's innocent civilians , " Juliette Prodhan , the head of Oxfam in Congo , said in a statement released November 13 . Watch international efforts to avoid a health catastrophe in Congo " "  There has been an increase in incidents of forced labor , rape and widespread brutality , according to assessments carried out by international agency Oxfam over the past week , as armed men from all sides prey upon those who have sought ` sanctuary ' from the fighting in North Kivu " province , she said . Another aid group , World Vision , says the conflict in the African country is the deadliest since World War II . The country has been at war since 1997 . "  The last decade of conflict has resulted in some 4 million deaths ; an estimated 1,200 people die every day due to ongoing epidemics and war-related causes ; some aid agencies estimate upward of 1,400 deaths per day , " World Vision said in a statement . The local groups in Congo specifically requested help from the European Union , which can deploy military units faster than the United Nations can . Georgette Gagnon , the executive director for the Africa division of Human Rights Watch , said she also would like to see the European Union send troops . "  Our concern is that it is going to take three months -LSB- for the United Nations -RSB- to get anybody on the ground , " she said . "  Our request is for the EU to send a bridging force . The EU has done this in the past for the Congo , and they have the capacity to get people on the ground within two weeks . " The "  goal would be provide civilian protection , to do patrols and other things that would prevent looting , pillaging and raping by either the Congolese troops -- which are doing this -- or the rebel group , " she said . The European Union has not announced plans to send troops to police the conflict . A spokeswoman for the British mission to the United Nations said London is "  not ruling in or out EU forces , " instead focusing on strengthening the U.N. presence in eastern Congo .	Peacekeeping mission in Democratic Republic of Congo is already U.N. 's largest Britain , France call for 3,000 more U.N. troops in Congo Human rights groups in Congo also have been calling for more troops there Fighting in Congo has caused about 250,000 people to flee homes since August
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou will meet Monday with the leader of the country 's main opposition party to discuss who will become the nation 's next prime minister -- a day after an announcement that Papandreou he will step down amid the country 's financial crisis . Papandreou 's planned resignation -- announced by President Karolos Papoulias -- is contingent on the approval of the controversial 130 billion euro bailout deal . On Sunday , Papandreou met with Antonis Samaras -- the leader of the New Democracy party , Greece 's leading opposition party -- and agreed to form a new government . During Monday 's meeting , the two will discuss who will serve in the new government as well as who will be the next prime minister , according to a statement from the president . New national elections will be held sometime after the bailout is implemented , but no more details nor a timeline of future events were disclosed . Earlier Sunday , Samaras told reporters that once Papandreou resigns , everything will "  take its course " and "  everything else is negotiable . " The move appears to close one chapter in Greece 's tumultuous political and economic saga , as Papandreou had become a lightning rod for critics for his leadership of the south European nation as it tackles a prolonged financial plight . It also paves the way for passage of an agreement that Papandreou negotiated October 26 with European leaders . The deal would wipe out 100 billion euros in Greek debt , half of what it owes to private creditors , and includes a promise of 30 billion euros to help the public sector pare its debts -- making the whole package worth a total of 130 billion euros  $ 178 billion  . But Greece 's turmoil is far from over . The bailout -- the second it has received from the European Union and International Monetary Fund -- would be accompanied by additional austerity measures such as slashing government jobs , privatizing some businesses and reducing pensions . It also comes at a time when Greece 's economy -- and to some extent the global economy -- is still staggering . Though Greece ranks 32nd in terms of gross domestic product , experts say it wields a disproportionate influence internationally . Economists worry that a Greek default on its debt could pull down larger European economies -- particularly those of Italy and Spain , as well as struggling Portugal and Ireland . Eurozone finance ministers are scheduled to meet Monday in Brussels , Belgium . Within Greece , the bailout 's passage would be a significant victory for Papandreou . He has insisted repeatedly in recent weeks that it needs to be approved -- signaling that he 'd be willing to resign as prime minister , a job he has held since 2009 , as long as that happens . Earlier Sunday , Greece 's president met ahead of a Cabinet meeting with all party leaders -- including Papandreou , who heads the socialist PASOK party , and Samaras . Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos is likely to remain in his post as finance minister in a new government , sources told Greek television . Candidates for the prime minister 's job include Petros Moliviatis and Loukas Papaimos , according to Greek television . The new government will have a life of four months , according to Greek television , citing sources , and elections will take place in early spring . On Monday -- in addition to a meeting between Papandreou and Samaras -- the Greek president will hold another meeting open to heads of all Greece 's political parties . CNN 's Diana Magnay , Jim Boulden and Andrew Carey in Athens and Matthew Chance and Hada Messia in Rome contributed to this report .	Eurozone financial leaders will meet Monday in Brussels Papandreou wo n't be head of the new government , a statement says He and opposition leader Samaras will talk Monday to plot details The deal hinges on Greece approving a 130 billion euro bailout deal
CNN  -- Whether it 's through music , dancing or his art , Nigerian Jimi Solanke is a master of telling local folk stories . The 70-year-old , who is fondly referred to as "  Uncle Jimi , " is one of the West African country 's most accomplished performing artists , most famous for his story-telling on children 's television shows . "  You put everything in a character and you bundle it as though you become it , " says award-winning Solanke . "  You do n't play it on the thin skin , you play it from your middle . " Armed with an expressive face and a baritone voice , Solanke is renowned for his uncanny ability to tell stories , moving brilliantly and convincingly between characters and settings . "  The character playing is like getting into a spirit and 10-15 minutes after coming off stage ... I will still have that old warrior in me , until it fizzles out little by little , " he says . "  That is the acting I love -- the acting where your fingers are the fingers of the character , everything you 're doing is what the character is doing , " adds Solanke . Ethiopian ` Sesame Street ' teaches life-saving lessons The prolific artist , poet and singer rose to fame in Nigeria with his two children 's television shows , "  Storyland " and "  African Stories . " The successful TV programs were broadcast across the country , entertaining and educating different generations of Nigerian children . "  I discovered that children are very important people in this whole world , " he says . "  They know you inside out , if you stand in front of them , that you want to entertain them . If you are not serious about it , they will know and in less than five minutes you will lose their concentration . " Solanke has also released several music albums over the years and collaborated with many great playwrights on stage , including the Nobel Literature laureate Wole Soyinka . He says that performing in front of an audience always makes him feel alive . "  Take me away from performance and in a week I 'll be sick -- and I 've never been sick because I 've been performing all the time , " says Solanke . "  I feel I am doing what God has asked me in life -- am I doing it well , I want to do it better still , I 'm trying . I feel fulfilled when it comes to performing in front of audiences . " Despite his age , the septuagenarian performance artist says he has no plans of slowing down . He lives and works with his wife at Obafemi Awolowo University in the city of Ife in south-west Nigeria and has recently started a new project -- creating 2,000 collages of local deities made out of newspapers . Blind music pioneer fires up Nigeria 's modern sound Solanke has also been taking his acting into the rural villages to train local aspiring artists and to help keep his Yoruba culture alive . He says traditions play a big part in his work . "  If you lose the perspectives of your culture as an artist anywhere in the world and you lose the depths of your cultural perspectives -- you can have nothing to sell , " says Solanke . "  People like us , we will keep the flag of our ancestors flying , no matter what other spiritual concerns . At least at my age , I 've lived it and seen it , I 've taught it , I 've discussed it , so I believe it can never be totally pushed into extinction , " he adds .	Jimi Solanke is one of Nigeria 's most public and prolific masters of performing arts The master storyteller achieved success with his two children 's TV shows Solanke , 70 , has also been taking his acting into villages to train aspiring artists
New York  CNN  -- The 27-year-old son of tennis great John McEnroe and Academy Award-winning actress Tatum O'Neal was arrested on drug charges in Manhattan , police said . Kevin McEnroe was arrested late Tuesday after what police believed was a drug transaction on a street corner in East Village , according to New York police Sgt. Jessica McRorie . He was charged with two counts of criminal possession of a controlled substance . McEnroe was carrying six clear plastic bags of what was believed to be cocaine , a Clorazepate anxiety pill , 20 Oxycodone pain-killing pills , 10 morphine pills and 10 orange pills which were not identified , McRorie said . McEnroe was arraigned Wednesday in Manhattan Criminal Court . Prosecutors asked that bail be set at $ 5,000 but a judge released McEnroe on his own recognizance . He is to appear in court on October 16 . His lawyer , Isabelle Kirshner , declined to comment . A second man also was arrested , a law enforcement official said McEnroe 's mother , Tatum O'Neal , was arrested in 2008 on misdemeanor drug possession charges in Manhattan after allegedly buying crack cocaine . O'Neal , who wrote a 2004 memoir about her long road to sobriety , pleaded guilty to a lesser charge . At 10 , she won an Oscar for best supporting actress in the movie "  Paper Moon . " She is the daughter of actor Ryan O'Neal , who starred in the 1973 film . She is the ex-wife of McEnroe , with whom she has three children . Robert Downey Jr. 's son Indio arrested on drug charges CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz and Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	Kevin McEnroe , 27 , was arrested in Manhattan late Tuesday night , police said He is the son of tennis great John McEnroe and Oscar-winning actress Tatum O'Neal Police say he was carrying six bags of what was believed to be cocaine and some pills
CNN  -- Google this week unveiled its Chrome Web Store , which aims to do for the Web what Apple 's App Store did for mobile devices : It provides a place to explore and "  install " Web-based applications . The launch was announced alongside a new netbook running Chrome OS , Google 's browser-centric operating system . And the Web Store is part of Chrome , Google 's super-fast Web browser . Except that many Chrome apps can run in other browsers , since they 're actually just websites . Oh , and do n't mistake apps for "  extensions , " which are add-ons for the Chrome browser . Confused yet ? Suffice to say , Google 's grand plans are ambitious , groundbreaking and darned difficult to explain to the average computer user . That 's why I think it 'll be some time before the world embraces Google 's vision for the future . Google 's grand plan What is Google 's vision ? Ultimately , the company anticipates a future in which a Web browser is all you 'll need . In an era when much of our time is spent online , operating systems such as Windows and Mac OS are overkill . Instead , Google plans computers that boot up almost instantly and take the user straight to the Web browser . This will be made possible by Google 's super-simple operating system , Chrome OS . In this new world of Web-based software , meanwhile , desktop applications are replaced with Web applications -- all of your data and applications are stored on the Web rather than the device . Hence the launch of the Chrome Web Store . Missing pieces Google 's Chrome ambitions are hard to explain because these pieces of the puzzle are yet to be combined . While the Chrome browser is growing in popularity , with nearly 10 % market share , the only Chrome OS computer launched so far is a test model available to a select few developers and journalists . In short , Google has essentially launched an app store for a series of devices that are yet to debut . Yes , you could use the Chrome Web Store as your starting point each day and jump into this new paradigm with both feet . But this is less intuitive when using a computer with existing desktop apps , browser bookmarks and other hallmarks of the existing paradigm . It 's a move that some early adopters may make , but a step too far for the mass market . Slow progress In truth , I do n't see the Chrome Web Store gaining steam until we have devices in stores running Chrome OS -- expected sometime next year . Only then will consumers truly grasp this new approach to computing : A super-simple operating system linked to a Web-based app store . Until that day , color us confused .	Google this week unveiled its Chrome Web Store The company anticipates a future in which a Web browser is all a computer user will need Google has essentially launched an app store for devices that do n't exist in public yet
CNN  -- An official with the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog agency emerged from a meeting with an Iranian delegation in Vienna on Friday and reported no progress on a document intended to resolve issues related to Tehran 's nuclear program . "  The agency team came to the meeting in a constructive spirit with the desire and intention of finalizing the paper , " International Atomic Energy Agency Deputy Director General Herman Nackaerts said in a statement . "  We presented a revised draft which addressed Iran 's earlier stated concerns . However , there has been no progress and , indeed , Iran raised issues that we have already discussed and added new ones . This is disappointing . " Iran , world powers agree to meet on nuclear issue No date has been set for another meeting , he said . Before the talks , China 's President Hu Jintao urged Tehran to take a "  flexible and pragmatic " approach , China 's foreign ministry said . Hu told Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Friday , when the two leaders met in Beijing , that China believed in serious dialogue and cooperation as the way to ease tensions , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Ahmadinejad said Iran would continue to pursue negotiations and maintain contact with all sides , Xinhua said . Hu 's remarks come a day after he and Russian President Vladimir Putin jointly stated that "  any attempts to resolve the Iranian issue by force are unacceptable . " Putin , Ahmadinejad meet before nuclear talks Friday 's private meeting with Iranian negotiators at the IAEA occurred 10 days ahead of international negotiations over Tehran 's nuclear ambitions . Officials in Vienna had been expected to continue working toward an inspection agreement over Iran 's nuclear capabilities . They have been keen to gain access to restricted sites amid rising concern about satellite images taken last month that showed the Iranians had demolished buildings at one site that inspectors have been pressing to visit . The agency 's director-general , Yukiya Amano , said last month after meeting with Iranian negotiator Saeed Jalili in Tehran that a deal that would allow broader inspections of Iran 's nuclear facilities could come "  quite soon . " However , Russia and China 's support for Tehran this week may have given Iran more leverage in the talks with IAEA officials . Hu and Putin , along with four Central Asian partner nations , signed a joint declaration in Beijing on Thursday at the end of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization summit expressing concern over recent developments in Iran . "  We believe any attempts to resolve the Iranian issue by force are unacceptable , " it said . "  Such attempts could lead to unpredictably serious consequences , which would threaten stability and security in the region and the entire world . We call on all parties to maintain maximum restraint , and refrain from words and actions that may lead to further confrontations . " Hu and Putin also released a joint statement Wednesday expressing opposition to any use of force on Iran . "  We do not approve exerting excessive pressure and implementing unilateral sanctions against Iran , " they said . "  We advocate actively working for peace and facilitating talks in resolving the Iran nuclear issue . " The United States , France , Russia , China , Britain and Germany -- the "  P5 +1 , " a reference to Germany plus the permanent members of the United Nations Security Council -- are to meet June 18-19 with Iran in Moscow for another round of talks on Iran 's nuclear program . Some world powers , particularly Western nations , suspect that Iran is seeking to build nuclear weapons , although Tehran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes . Last month , during a round of talks with the P5 +1 in Baghdad , Iran rejected calls to stop its high enrichment of uranium , while the international powers refused Tehran 's demand for an immediate end to sanctions imposed by the United Nations , the United States and the European Union that are crippling its economy . Because 80 % of Iran 's foreign revenues are derived from oil exports , an embargo by the EU set to take effect in July will further pressure its economy . Tehran threatened this year to close the Strait of Hormuz , a vital oil shipping lane , if sanctions were imposed on its exports of crude oil . Israel , which is believed to have its own nuclear arsenal , has said it may attack Iran to try to stop Tehran from developing nuclear weapons . Russia historically has been hesitant to support sanctions on Tehran . In November , it called a new round of sanctions "  unacceptable , " saying they hinder efforts to reach a diplomatic solution . CNN 's Tian Shao and Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This is disappointing , " IAEA 's deputy director general says NEW : No date has been set for another meeting Western nations suspect that Iran wants to build nuclear weapons Tehran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
CNN  -- The small , seaside town of Piran , Slovenia , is thousands of miles away from Washington , but headlines are heralding its new mayor as the city 's Barack Obama . Peter Bossman beat out an incumbent Sunday to become the first black mayor in Slovenia 's history , securing 51.4 percent of the vote in a run-off election . The 54-year-old doctor from Ghana said race rarely came up during the campaign -- though opponents did try to use his accent when speaking Slovenian against him . "  They were n't really very harmful comments . It was more comments like , ` We would prefer to have a real Slovenian be mayor , ' " he told CNN Tuesday morning . There are only about 200 African immigrants in Slovenia , he said . But Bossman is hardly new to the European nation , which declared independence from Yugoslavia in 1991 . He first arrived in the country 's capital of Ljubljana as a medical student in the late 1970s , and he has lived in Piran with his wife for more than 20 years . Bossman , a general practitioner , posted pictures on his Facebook page of campaign promises written on prescription paper -- including history , diagnoses and recommendations for treatment of the city 's problems . His plans for the city of 17,000 include encouraging people to drive electric cars down its narrow streets , building a golf course to draw more tourists and promoting local products . "  We have so many thing going for us here . It 's a shame that we do n't promote them more , " he said . His campaign strategy paid off at the polls , and captured media attention across the country . Several weeks before the election , the headline of a column in the Dnevnik newspaper -- sold nationwide -- read , "  Peter Bossman for President *  well , first as mayor  . " "  When the Americans made a historic move and elected Obama for president , this was a tectonic shift . A new chapter of national history ... The real question is whether we are able to do what the Americans did , " columnist Vlado Miheljak wrote . The Obama analogy started at the beginning of his campaign -- and stuck , Bossman said . "  I said that I 'm flattered by the comparison , but I 'm in no way Obama . I 'm Peter Bossman , and I 'm just running for mayor of a small town , " he said . And Bossman says he has no plans to seek higher office once his four-year term as mayor ends . "  I want to be a good mayor . I want to help people , " he said . "  I 'm not really thinking about what I 'm going to do in the future . "	Peter Bossman is Slovenia 's first black mayor The 54-year-old doctor from Ghana is a Social Democrat He writes proposals for fixing his city 's problems on prescription paper
Washington  CNN  The former Navy SEAL who says he shot and killed Osama bin Laden had just returned from his 11th deployment when he was called back for the 2011 raid on the U.S. 's most wanted terrorist 's Pakistan compound . But Robert O'Neill and his SEAL Team Six teammates did n't know they were preparing for a raid in Pakistan . And they did n't know bin Laden was the target . "  They sat us in a room and they said , ` Hey we found a thing . And the thing 's in a house and the house is in a bowl and the bowl is in a country and you 're going to go to that house and you 're going to get that thing and you 're going to bring it back to us . ' And that was it , " O'Neill recounted in a Fox News interview that aired Tuesday night . O'Neill has faced heat from other Navy SEALs who have either discredited his claims or said that it 's impossible for O'Neill to know that it was his bullets that struck and killed bin Laden . Without directly addressing O'Neill and his claims , the military brass wrote a timely letter criticizing SEALs who take public credit for their actions . "  We do not abide willful or selfish disregard for our core values in return for public notoriety or financial gain , " commanding officer B.L. Losey and force master sergeant M.L. Margaraci said in an October 31 letter to the Naval Special Warfare ranks . O'Neill said he and his colleagues , all senior SEALs , initially assumed the target was Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhaffi as the timing coincided with the NATO intervention in the North African country . But as planners began sharing the names of certain people linked to the raid , it clicked for O'Neill and his fellow SEALs . "  It 's bin Laden . They found him . We 're going to get him , " O'Neill recalled . O'Neill initially was n't slated to be part of the team that would raid the compound itself . He was supposed to be the leader of a small team responsible for security outside the compound . But the lead CIA analyst -- who was portrayed by Jessica Chastain in the film "  Zero Dark Thirty " -- told O'Neill , "  If you want to kill him . He 's on the third floor . 100 % . " "  So I actually talked myself out of a team leader spot so I could stay on the helicopter and then go to the roof , " O'Neill said , becoming part of the unit the SEALs referred to as the "  martyr 's brigade . " "  The more we trained on it the more we realized this is gon na be a one-way mission . We 're gon na go and we 're not gon na come back . We 're gon na die when the house blows up , we 're going to die when he blows up or we 're gon na be there too long and we 're gon na get arrested by the Pakistanis and we 're going to spend the rest of our short lives in Pakistan prison , " O'Neill said . But O'Neill brushed off the criticism in an audio interview that aired Friday on CNN 's "  AC360 ° " "  Even now , I mean , there are guys now saying that I am full of s -- , " he said . "  You only know what you were told unless you were in the room . And unfortunately for me , there was two people in the room , and one of us is dead and that 's Osama bin Laden . "	The former SEAL has dismissed criticism surrounding his decision to go public Robert O'Neill initially was n't slated to be part of team that would raid compound "  The more we trained on it the more we realized this is gon na be a one-way mission , " he said
London  CNN  -- Whether you were riveted by the royal wedding frenzy or ca n't wait for the 2012 Olympics to start , there 's no denying the host city 's multifaceted appeal makes it one of the most exciting destinations in Europe . CNN.com asked Richard Quest and our CNN.com colleagues in London for their best local tips . Where can you get the best view of the city ? Quest : Go to The Spaniards Inn on Hampstead Heath . It 's an old-fashioned pub , and from there you can look out over the London skyline . CNN.com team : The seventh-floor bar at Tate Modern has great vistas over St Paul 's Cathedral and the river Thames . It 's particularly romantic  though particularly busy  at sunset . Which restaurant would you take your loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? CNN.com team : Galvin at Windows in Mayfair has wonderful views -- though you 'll pay for them . Andrew Edmunds in Soho serves up local , seasonal food with a quirky British twist -- it 's cozy , cute and sweetly romantic . At Clos Maggiore in Covent Garden , book a table in the conservatory -- it 's decked out with blossom and fairylights for a magical touch to your evening . Rome 's best pizza and more Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? Quest : Go to the Savoy for a classic British tea and to see what a $ 350 million renovation can do for a hotel . CNN.com : If beer 's your thing , have a pint of British ale . London Gold , by Young 's , or London Pale Ale , by Meantime Brewery are popular local choices . Where is the best place to people watch ? CNN.com : On a fine evening , it 's definitely Soho , especially Old Compton Street , Frith Street and Greek Street . You 'll see clubbers , couples , theater-goers , tourists and celebrities all mixed up together -- it 's a colorful and eye-catching combination ! What is your favorite neighborhood ? CNN.com : London is a melting pot full of contradictions , it 's always changing and it 's also a lot more friendly than people think . Brixton is a great neighborhood , because it sums up all of London 's best and worst bits -- it 's culturally vibrant , fashionably edgy and economically and socially diverse -- into one big , boisterous , rapidly developing city-within-a-city . San Fran moniker a rookie mistake How do tourists stick out and what 's the best way to blend in ? CNN.com : Tourists and Londoners rarely occupy the same areas at the same time . So to blend in , stay away from Buckingham Palace and Green Park , Leicester Square and Oxford Street . Instead , put on some London-look clothes  pick them up at Topshop , Whistles or AllSaints  and go north to Camden or Islington , east to Shoreditch , Dalston or Hoxton , or south to Brixton . What 's the biggest misconception about your city ? CNN.com : That the food 's bad and expensive . London has cuisines from all over the world , all of them great and many of them very reasonable . Markets are a great place to pick up great-value bites -- try the stands at Portobello Market , the foodie heaven that is Borough Market or the buzzy restaurants and cafes at Brixton , Greenwich or Exmouth markets . Where do you go to relax ? CNN.com : Primrose Hill is a nice spot at the top of Regent 's Park with a great view of London . Richmond Park is beautiful with views of the city and lots of deer . If the weather 's poor , head to a local pub and find a cozy spot near the fire . What essential thing should visitors see/experience if they only have a few hours ? CNN.com team : Take a walk through Soho to people-watch and grab some streetfood . If you can , squeeze in a show -- you 'll be close to theaterland . What 's the biggest tourist trap ? Is there a "  tourist trap " that 's actually worth seeing ? CNN.com : Madame Tussauds is a major tourist trap and Leicester Square can get pretty horrible . But even Londoners like a stroll on the South Bank , a ride on the London Eye or a boat trip from Waterloo to Tower Bridge -- complete with typically cheeky British commentary . Where 's your favorite place to spend a night out on the town ? CNN.com : The area around Brick Lane is a fun area to go out , especially in the summer . People flit from bars to restaurants , just hanging out and enjoying themselves . It also has an impressive cluster of curry restaurants , but make sure you do n't settle for the first one you see as they usually offer different deals and freebies . What is a good local souvenir ? CNN.com : London 's rightly famous for its music scene . There are currently lots of great female singer-songwriters based in the capital , so head to a record store  we love Sister Ray 's  and pick up the backing track for your visit . Try Ellie Goulding 's "  Lights " for sparkling British pop or Anna Calvi 's eponymous album for something altogether more dramatic . Quest : Buy one pair of knickers or underpants from Marks & Spencer . Then you 'll truly be like a Brit !	Try the old-fashioned Spaniards Inn pub on Hampstead Heath for skyline views Quest recommends a classic British tea at the newly renovated Savoy hotel A pair of knickers from Marks & Spencer is a truly English souvenir , Quest says
Istanbul  CNN  -- A leader of Turkey 's ruling party held out the possibility of a vote on what to do with the Istanbul park where planned razing triggered two weeks of anti-government protests but said demonstrators must leave the park . "  The Turkish government will not accept Gezi Park protests to be continued forever , " Huseyin Celik , deputy chairman of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's AK Party , said after meetings with a delegation of "  popular artists " involved with the demonstrations . His comments were carried by the semi-official Anadolou News Agency . Celik said the government could hold a referendum on the redevelopment of the park , the last green space in central Istanbul -- but he urged the demonstrators to "  walk out . " At least one protester immediately rejected the idea of a vote . "  We do not think that a referendum is the right way to go because we think that this park should remain as a park because it 's our right , and rights should not be asked in a referendum , " said Imre Azem . The meetings took place a day after riot police used massive amounts of tear gas , water cannons and stun guns to break up protests in Istanbul 's Taksim Square . Police also shot tear gas canisters into nearby Gezi Park , violating a promise not to do so . Leaders of the protests skipped Wednesday 's talks . One of them , Eyup Muhcu , said those attending the meeting are friendly with Erdogan 's government . Meanwhile , thousands of lawyers marched out of their offices in several cities to rally against the arrests of attorneys in the protests . With no sign of negotiations on the horizon , Turkey , a NATO ally with a democratically elected government , could see fighting grip more of the country . And harsh actions against protesters could strain Erdogan 's strategic friendships with much of the West -- relationships that are particularly critical in light of the civil war ravaging Turkey 's neighbor , Syria . "  The real challenge for the government of Turkey , as now the international focus is on this crisis : How do they get the people behind me to agree to go home ? " CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported Wednesday from outside Gezi Park , seat of the demonstrations . "  That requires compromise , conciliation . " On Wednesday morning , Paton Walsh saw someone being taken out of the park on a stretcher . But things were calm in the area , with morning rain having washed away some of the debris from events the night before . Traffic in the major square was nearly back to normal . While police were in position , they looked relaxed , CNN 's Arwa Damon reported . Police worked to dismantle barricades that demonstrators in the square have used as they 've battled police in recent days . In Ankara , street skirmishes broke out between protesters and police , who fired tear gas . Reporters released The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation reported Wednesday that two of its reporters detained by police were released . Sasa Petricic and Derek Stoffel were held all day after being picked up earlier on Wednesday , CBC said . Earlier , the network said it had been in contact with them , and they said they were "  OK . " Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird has expressed concern to Turkey 's ambassador , the CBC reported . Turks living in Macedonia , Kosovo , Bulgaria and Albania who support Erdogan plan rallies of their own Friday , Anadolu reported . Opinion : Past and future collide in Turkey clashes But the anti-Erdogan protests show no sign of abating . What began in late May as a demonstration focused on the environment -- opposition to a plan to build a mall in Gezi Park -- has evolved into a crusade against Erdogan that 's spread around the country . Attorneys in Istanbul , Ankara and other cities gathered in front of government buildings for rallies , CNN Turk reported . Some called on Istanbul 's chief prosecutor to resign . Government officials , however , insisted that while peaceful protests are allowed , those who use violence were being detained . "  If these people have objections to the government 's project for Gezi Park and Taksim Square , they are welcome and we can listen to their ideas . Such issues can be settled through dialogue and within the framework of the law , not resorting to violence , " President Abdullah Gul told reporters . Erdogan 's government has no problem with ecologists who started protests to save Gezi Park from bulldozers but takes action against Marxist extremists , who have lobbed rocks and Molotov cocktails at police , said Ibrahim Kalin , the prime minister 's chief adviser , referring to the latter as "  troublemakers . " "  Anywhere in the world , they will not be considered peaceful protesters , " Kalin told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Tuesday . He said some were associated with a group that carried out an attack on the U.S. Embassy in Ankara in February . The police reaction has been no different from that of security forces ' methods against similar groups at Occupy Wall Street protests in the United States , he insisted . "  The police obviously have the mandate to establish public order , " Kalin said , just like they do in Spain , Sweden and Britain . Letters from Turkey , with pride International criticism Experts and human rights groups say Erdogan 's government lags when it comes to human rights and freedom of expression by opponents . "  Prosecutors and courts continued to use terrorism laws to prosecute and prolong incarceration of thousands of Kurdish political activists , human rights defenders , students , journalists and trade unionists , " Human Rights Watch wrote in a 2013 report on Turkey . Turkish journalists are afraid to write anything critical of the government , and media companies are slapped with huge tax fines for covering uncomfortable topics . According to the Committee to Protect Journalists , Turkish authorities have targeted journalists with detention for covering the protests . Erdogan 's dilemma is in how he handles those who did not elect him , said CNN 's Fareed Zakaria . "  He has come to believe that he speaks for all of Turkey . " Why Taksim Square matters to Turks Those who are against him are handled in "  too authoritarian " a manner , Zakaria said Tuesday on Piers Morgan Live . The prime minister has said he will not back down . "  They say the prime minister is harsh , " Erdogan said Tuesday , referring to his detractors . "  I 'm sorry , " he told a gathering of his own party . "  The prime minister is not going to change . " Erdogan is tightening his grip on power , adding authority to the office of the presidency , which he hopes to hold in coming years . Former U.S. intelligence chief John Negroponte said he believes the protests could have something to do with Erdogan 's ambitions . There may be "  forces joining in here , whose aim it is to prevent him from achieving his ambition of becoming the next president of the country , " he told Morgan . What 's driving unrest and protests in Turkey ? CNN 's Ivan Watson , Nick Paton Walsh , Gul Tuysuz and Arwa Damon reported from Istanbul ; Josh Levs , Ben Brumfield and Greg Botelho reported from Atlanta .	NEW : CBC reports two of its journalists have been released "  Such issues can be settled through dialogue , " Turkey 's president says Ruling party official floats referendum on park 's future Pro-Erdogan rallies are scheduled in four countries , a news agency reports
CNN  -- World No. 2 Petra Kvitova continued her perfect start to 2012 by helping the Czech Republic win the Hopman Cup teams event for the second time , beating France 2-0 in Saturday 's final . The Wimbledon champion ended the week undefeated after her 7-5 6-1 win over ninth-ranked Marion Bartoli in Perth , Australia . The 21-year-old , who won the season-ending WTA Championships in October , also saw off the challenge of world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki on Friday and did not drop a set against American Bethanie Mattek-Sands or Bulgaria 's Tsvetana Pironkova . Seventh-ranked Tomas Berdych gave the Czechs an unbeatable lead when he triumphed 7-6  7-0  6-4 against Richard Gasquet to also be undefeated in the men 's singles and leave the French still seeking a first title . "  It was a really good match  against Wozniacki  but today I played much better against Marion and it 's always tough to play with someone at the top , " Kvitova said . "  It 's really good to win at the beginning of the season , and of course I have to say thank you to Tomas because without him we would n't win . " It was a good day for Czech tennis players , as Andrea Hlavackova and Lucie Hradecka won the first doubles title of the WTA Tour season at the ASB Classic in Auckland , New Zealand . The French Open champions beat Germany 's Julia Gorges and Flavia Pennetta of Italy 6-7  2-7  6-2 10-7 in a match played indoors after the singles final was rained off . Pennetta will be back on court on Sunday when she faces China 's Zheng Jie in the rescheduled singles final . Estonia 's Kaia Kanepi claimed her first WTA Tour title by beating Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova 6-2 6-1 in the final of the Brisbane International on Saturday . The 26-year-old , ranked 34th , followed up her earlier victories over Italian third seed Francesca Schiavone and German No. 2 Andrea Petkovic . She had never beaten 24th-ranked Hantuchova in three previous meetings , and her opponent fell to her ninth defeat in 13 career finals . "  In previous years I 've been a surprise player -- I was able to beat higher-ranked players , but then maybe lose to lower-ranked players , " Kanepi said . "  Now I 'm playing more stable , not making as many errors . I 'm beating top players more consistently . Hopefully I can get that ranking myself one day . "	Petra Kvitova and Tomas Berdych give Czech Republic victory in Hopman Cup teams event Women 's No. 2 Kvitova ends the week in Australia unbeaten in four singles matches Czech players Andrea Hlavackova and Lucie Hradecka win first doubles title of WTA Tour season Estonia 's Kaia Kanepi claims her first title by winning final of the Brisbane International event
Mental Floss  -- Either I had a really short attention span as a kid and never made it past the first verse of a song -- which is entirely possible -- or there are some obscure lyrics to the songs we all know and love . 1 . "  The Teapot Song " goes on to further explain this little teapot character : I 'm a clever teapot , Yes it 's true Here let me show you What I can do I can change my handle And my spout Just tip me over and pour me out ! 2 . "  Do Your Ears Hang Low ? " I 'm impressed that a children 's song contains the word "  semaphore . " Do your ears hang high ? Do they reach up to the sky ? Do they droop when they are wet ? Do they stiffen when they 're dry ? Can you semaphore your neighbour with a minimum of labour ? Do your ears hang high ? 3 . "  My Bonnie Lies Over the Ocean " involves terrifying nightmares : Last night as I lay on my pillow Last night as I lay on my bed Last night as I lay on my pillow I dreamed that my Bonnie was dead . Mental Floss : 10 adult versions of children 's songs 4 . "  Oh My Darling Clementine " I did n't know anything beyond the "  Oh my darling " chorus , but there 's a whole little tale that goes along with the tragic Clementine . There are a few variations . One of them goes like this : In a cavern , in a canyon , Excavating for a mine Dwelt a miner forty niner , And his daughter Clementine Light she was and like a fairy , And her shoes were number nine , Wearing boxes , without topses , Sandals were for Clementine . Drove she ducklings to the water Ev'ry morning just at nine , Hit her foot against a splinter , Fell into the foaming brine . Ruby lips above the water , Blowing bubbles , soft and fine , But , alas , I was no swimmer , So I lost my Clementine . How I missed her ! How I missed her , How I missed my Clementine , But I kissed her little sister , I forgot my Clementine . 5 . "  Bingo " The earliest recorded version from 1888 adds two verses after the one that spells out the famous farmer 's dog 's name . They went like this : Thys Franklyn , syrs , he brewed goode ayle , And he called it Rare good Styngo ! S , T , Y , N , G , O ! He call 'd it Rare goode Styngo ! Nowe is notte thys a prettie song ? I thinke it is , bye Jyngo , J wythe a Y -- N , G , O -- I sweare yt is , bye Jyngo ! Mental Floss : Look What the Dog Swallowed ! 6 . "  Twinkle , Twinkle , Little Star " just keeps going : When the blazing sun is gone , When he nothing shines upon , Then you show your little light , Twinkle , twinkle , all the night . Then the traveller in the dark , Thanks you for your tiny spark , He could not see which way to go , If you did not twinkle so . In the dark blue sky you keep , And often through my curtains peep , For you never shut your eye , Till the sun is in the sky . As your bright and tiny spark , Lights the traveller in the dark , -- Though I know not what you are , Twinkle , twinkle , little star . 7 . "  Baa Baa Black Sheep " If you feel the need to deplete the rest of the barnyard denizens of their precious goods after you 've taken the sheep 's wool , you certainly can : Cluck , cluck , red hen , have you any eggs ? Yes sir , yes sir , as many as your legs . One for your breakfast and one for your lunch ; Come back tomorrow and I 'll have another bunch . Moo , moo brown cow , have you milk for me ? Yes sir , yes sir , as tasty as can be . Churn it into butter , make it into cheese , Freeze it into ice cream or drink it if you please . Buzz , buzz busy bee , is your honey sweet ? Yes sir , yes sir , sweet enough to eat . Honey on your muffin , honey on your cake , Honey by the spoonful , as much as I can make . 8 . "  A Tisket , A Tasket " You probably know about the green and yellow basket , and you might remember that the person singing the song dropped it . After that , the sordid tale goes like this : I dropped it , I dropped it Yes , On the way I dropped it A little girlie picked it up And put it in her pocket She was truckin ' on down the avenue , Without a single thing to do She was peck-peck-peckin all around When she spied it on the ground She took it she took it my little yellow basket And if she does n't bring it back I think that I shall die  Was it brown ?  no , no , no , no ,  Was it red ?  no , no , no , no ,  Was it blue ?  no , no , no , no , Just a little yellow basket Mental Floss : 10 highly decorated animals	There are some obscure lyrics to the children 's songs we all know and love "  My Bonnie Lies Over the Ocean " involves terrifying nightmares After spelling out BINGO the dog 's name , this song goes on about some fine ale And after a girl drops a green and yellow basket , someone else takes it
CNN  -- The principal of an elementary school in Northern California was shot to death Wednesday , police said . Placerville Police Chief George Nielsen identified the victim as Sam Lacara , 50 , the principal of Schnell School . He was shot in the upper torso . John Luebbers , 44 , a custodial employee , was arrested in the shooting , which was believed to have stemmed from a dispute between the two men , Nielsen said . No schoolchildren were injured , but authorities believe one student may have seen the shooting . Authorities received a 911 call midmorning Wednesday that shots had been fired at the school , Nielsen said . "  It 's a tragedy for Placerville and for our entire society , " Nielsen said . "  The main issue with how to deal with students was the ongoing investigation and the crime scene , " he said , "  and ultimately that was to remove them  to a nearby fairground  and get them back to their families . " Placerville is in Northern California , 45 miles east of Sacramento . From CNN 's Amanda Watts	Authorities receive a 911 call midmorning Wednesday about a shooting It took place at Schnell Elementary in Placerville , California Fatally shot is Principal Sam Lacara , 50 Arrested in the shooting is janitor John Luebbers , 44 , police say
CNN  -- Bill Beckwith , whose regular appearances as a carpenter on the HGTV home-improvement show "  Curb Appeal " attracted legions of fans , has died in a motorcycle crash in San Francisco . He was 38 . "  The HGTV family is deeply saddened by Bill 's tragic death and we mourn his loss along with his many family and friends who will miss his creativity , adventurous spirit and general love of life , " the show said Wednesday in an e-mail . "  Bill was truly a beloved and respected member of our Curb Appeal family and this loss is devastating to us , " HGTV said on the show 's official Facebook page Tuesday . "  We send our deepest and most sincere condolences to Bill 's family . " Beckwith was killed Monday night when his motorcycle collided with a vehicle in San Francisco 's Lower Haight neighborhood , CNN affiliate KPIX reported , citing police and the medical examiner . Beckwith co-hosted "  Curb Appeal " with John Gidding , Chip Wade and Kimberly Lacy . Each episode of the program , which is now out of production , made over the exterior of a house . Bill Beckwith and the love for HGTV As a child , Beckwith was drawn to fixing old structures on his parents ' 60-acre vegetable farm in Maine , according to an HGTV bio . During summer breaks while attending the University of Montana , where he studied English and martial arts , he restored the cabins of a historic fly-fishing ranch in the Wyoming mountains , the bio said . He then moved to Northern California and started his construction company , BB Design Build . By Tuesday night , a Facebook memorial page -- Billy J. Beckwith , Superstar -- was populated by messages of remembrance from friends and family members . "  My love : so kind , so bright , adventurous and strong , " wrote Yulia Korneeva , his girlfriend . "  You are loved by so many good people ! I wish you could stay with us for way longer . " "  He was a great writer and thinker . Farmer . Dancer . Woodworker . TV star ! Artist . Athlete , " wrote Andy Seaver . "  So silly . So deeply pensive . His smile could destroy you . " Beckwith 's many posts about motorcycles on his own Facebook page underscored his passion for them . A posting on October 21 made clear that he was aware of life 's fragility . "  Was the first one out of my truck this a.m. at a head-on collision , made sure everyone was breathing and then directed traffic , " he wrote . "  A solid reminder that our lives can change at any instant , and to be grateful for what I have right now . " People we lost in 2013 CNN 's Dave Alsup and Justin Lear contributed to this report .	NEW : The show Bill Beckwith appeared on is now out of production He died in a motorcycle accident in San Francisco on Monday Beckwith co-hosted HGTV 's "  Curb Appeal " It features the exterior makeover of a home
CNN  -- What appears to be a separated human foot inside a shoe -- possibly the sixth discovered in Canada 's British Columbia in the past 15 months -- has been found on a riverbank , Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Wednesday . Some of the feet found this year washed up on Westham Island , south of Vancouver , British Columbia . The shoe -- a left New Balance running shoe -- was found about 11:30 a.m. Tuesday on the south arm of the Fraser River by a Richmond , British Columbia , couple , police said . It was turned over to the British Columbia Coroners Service for examination and DNA testing , authorities said . Before Tuesday , five feet -- all inside running shoes -- had washed ashore in southern British Columbia since August 2007 . One of them , a right New Balance shoe , was found May 22 on Kirkland Island . That foot was determined to belong to a female , authorities said . View a map of where the feet washed ashore " The provincial coroners ' office said in July that DNA tests determined that two of the five feet -- a right foot found February 8 and a left foot found June 16 -- were from the same male , but they said they did n't know to whom any of the feet belonged . What was initially thought to be a sixth foot inside a running shoe , found in June , was determined to be a hoax . Authorities said a "  skeletonized animal paw " was put in the shoe with a sock and packed with dried seaweed . "  Obviously , due to the fact that a hoax was perpetrated previously and then extensively reported on , we want to proceed cautiously -LSB- with Tuesday 's discovery -RSB- until we know what exactly we are dealing with , " said Constable Annie Linteau , an RCMP spokeswoman . The provincial coroners ' service said in July that the five sets of remains found to that point appeared "  to have naturally separated  disarticulated  from the body . " There was no forensic evidence , such as tool or trauma marks , on the remains to suggest that they had separated in any way other than decomposition , the service said . Authorities are investigating multiple possibilities on the origin of the feet , including foul play and the chance they could belong to victims of a plane crash . Missing persons files are also being reviewed . Four of the five feet discovered between August 2007 and June 2008 were in running shoes made between 2003 and 2004 , and the other was made in 1999 , according to police . Royal Canadian Mounted Police have released photos of the shoes , hoping someone can help identify the remains . Here is a timeline of the discoveries in British Columbia , according to police : August 20 , 2007 The first foot is found by an American man and his 12-year-old daughter boating near Jedidiah Island . The shoe is later identified as a Campus brand running shoe , primarily white with blue mesh , and is believed to be a size 12 . It is determined that it was produced in 2003 and distributed primarily in India . August 26 , 2007 The second foot is found on Gabriola Island by a resident walking on a trail . The shoe is a size 12 men 's Reebok running shoe , primarily white in color . It was produced in 2004 and was distributed globally , though mostly in North America . It was first available March 1 , 2004 , but is no longer available . February 2 A third foot is found by two forest workers on Valdez Island . The shoe is a size 11 blue and white Nike running shoe , made in 2003 and sold in Canada and the United States from February 1 to June 30 , 2003 . May 22 The fourth foot is found on Kirkland Island by a man walking along the shoreline . The size 7 blue and white New Balance running shoe was made in 1999 and distributed in major retail stores . DNA tests later determine that the remains belonged to a female . June 16 A fifth foot is found on Westham Island , in the same type of Nike shoe as the foot found February 2 . DNA tests later determine that both feet belonged to the same male .	Shoe with what appears to be human foot found on riverbank , Canadian police say If it is a human foot , it would be the sixth found in British Columbia since 2007 All of the separated feet were found washed ashore in running shoes Authorities investigating multiple possibilities , including foul play and a plane crash
CNN  -- Feeling besieged by pesky little problems today ? You might want to be careful with your Google searches . Users who look up the term "  Zerg rush " Friday are finding the latest in a series of geeky Easter eggs planted by the search giant 's engineers . The search produces a swarm of marauding "  O 's " which inevitably destroy virtually everything on the search-results page . The term quickly became a top search topic for Google Friday morning , as gamers and the merely curious flocked to the feature . In gaming terms , a "  Zerg rush " is when a player is swarmed by a huge number of weak opponents . Any one of the bad guys is easy to take out , but the threat is that they 'll overwhelm you with sheer numbers . It came from "  Starcraft , " a 1998 real-time strategy game in which a player could choose to play as "  Zergs , " an alien race . Skilled players soon learned that they could quickly spawn a massive number of low-level units  "  zerglings "  and overwhelm their opponents . According to Know Your Meme , the first instance of the term came during a game among some Korean players  a significant portion of the early "  Starcraft " player base  . The first Urban Dictionary definition of the term appeared in 2004 . Since then , the use has expanded . In some multi-player games , "  zerging " has come to refer to a gamer who , often against the game 's rules , creates multiple accounts to get an unfair advantage over other players . It has come to be used in some circles as slang for any situation in which someone is overwhelmed by superior numbers . In the Google search , the "  O 's " from the Google logo turn into "  attackers " which multiply and begin banging themselves against text on the page . Users can click to "  kill " them , but will eventually fall to the rush . After they take out your results , the O 's band together to spell out "  GG " -- gaming slang for "  good game . " If a player does well enough , they can post their score to Google + . Google , which famously encourages employees to take on sometimes-silly side projects in the course of their work weeks , has long been known for implementing winks and nods into their products . Most notably , "  Google Doodles " transform the search page 's iconic logo into other  sometimes animated  images to celebrate special days . It 's hard to know when these "  eggs " get planted at Google headquarters . But in recent months , more and more have been discovered . Currently , Googling "  askew " or "  tilt " will knock the search-results page slightly off-kilter and "  do a barrel roll " will make the results page ... well ... do a barrel roll . Meanwhile , a search for "  chuck norris google " renders this entry in the litany of one-liners about the action star : "  Google wo n't search for Chuck Norris because it knows you do n't find Chuck Norris , he finds you . "	A Google search for "  Zerg rush " spawns an attack of "  O 's " on the results page The term originated in the game "  Starcraft , " in which players can be "  Zerg " aliens It has come to mean any instance of being overwhelmed by sheer numbers
CNN  -- The final of the European Champions League will see two of the continent 's giant clubs meet in the Estadio Santiago Bernabeu in Madrid , in a battle to decide the champions of the most lucrative competition in world soccer . The match , which takes place on 22 May , will also pitch two heavyweight coaches against one another in the shape of Portugal 's Jose Mourinho and Holland 's Louis Van Gaal . Mourinho , who won the European Cup with Porto in 2004 , is hoping to cap a treble for the Nerazzurri after already wrapping up the Italian title and domestic cup prior to the game . Bayern are also looking to seal the capture of three pieces of silverware for the campaign , after beating Schalke to the Bundesliga title and also having won their domestic cup . Check out our profiles of the two coaches by clicking the links in the photo gallery above . Can Mourinho beat Van Gaal to become king of Europe ? The match will also see some of the greatest players in the world -- Arjen Robben , Samuel Eto'o , Bastian Schweinsteiger and Lucio among them -- vie for the most lucrative title in club football before jetting off to South Africa to take part in the 2010 World Cup . CNN will have all the build up to the big match with Pedro Pinto and Alex Thomas hosting a special half-hour preview program on CNN International at 1800 GMT . Your can also have your say on which coach you think will emerge as the new king of Europe by adding your comment to the blog .	European Champions League final will see two of the continent 's giant clubs meet in Madrid Clash will pitch Portugal 's Jose Mourinho and Holland 's Louis Van Gaal in a head-to-head CNN will build up to the big match with Pedro Pinto and Alex Thomas live from Madrid at 1600 GMT
Washington  CNN  -- House Republicans voted Wednesday to repeal President Barack Obama 's signature health care reform law despite Democratic objections that the move was a waste of time . The vote amounted to political theater because the measure is sure to die in the Democratic-led Senate and the White House has made clear Obama would veto any repeal . Five Democrats joined the Republican majority in the 244-185 vote . Democratic leaders said a handful of their caucus members facing tough re-election battles in November might side with the Republicans on the volatile issue . Wednesday 's vote was the latest of more than 30 House GOP efforts to undermine the 2010 Affordable Care Act , including previous Republican moves to repeal the measure or cut funding for various provisions . Prior to the final vote , the House rejected a Democratic motion that would have required any legislator supporting the repeal measure to give up government-provided health care . In debate on the issue this week , Democrats noted the Supreme Court ruled on June 28 to uphold the health care law 's constitutionality , which they said should end talk of repeal and instead inspire bipartisan efforts to address the nation 's weak economic recovery . "  With millions still out of work and families struggling to make ends meet , Republicans are responding how ? By voting to take away critical health care protections for people , " Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland , the No. 2 House Democrat , told reporters . Voters : Can we move on please ? Republicans , however , said the issue remains a priority for their constituents and defended the need to combat what they call a threat to patient-focused health care and the economy . "  It is not a game to be played , " declared House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , before the voting started . Earlier , Rep. Jeb Hensarling , R-Texas , told CNN that health care reform "  happens to be the seminal issue of our time . " "  Those of us who want patient-centered health care have had two years to repeal it , " Hensarling said . "  I think it 's kind of unreasonable to think we 're going to go away . " Opinion polls indicate public confusion on the issue amid the sharp political divide . A CNN/ORC International poll conducted June 28-July 1 showed 52 % of respondents favor all or most provisions of the health care law , while at the same time , 51 % want Congress to repeal the entire measure . On both issues , Democrats were strongly in favor of keeping the law intact while Republicans were equally supportive of repealing or dismantling it . Independents reflected the conflicting findings of the poll , with 56 % favoring repeal while 51 % support all or most of the law 's provisions . At committee hearings and on the House floor Tuesday , the debate on the repeal measure devolved into repetitive opposing claims about the health care law . "  This law is historic , but for all the wrong reasons , " argued Rep. Sam Graves , R-Missouri . "  It reaches too far into the personal decisions of Americans and it puts a heavy burden on our economy and small businesses . It 's an example of big government at its absolute worst . " Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida , the Democratic National Committee chair , noted the multiple previous House votes to repeal all or part of the health reform law . "  It is time to stop the tantrums , grow up , and work together on Americans ' number one priority -- creating jobs , " she said . Another Democrat , Rep. Lynn Woolsey of California , accused Republicans of "  serving more baloney " regarding the health care law , while GOP members complained it was Obama and Democrats who misled the public on the the measure 's cost and impact . Some in Congress are urging state governments to opt out of the health care law 's provisions setting up health insurance exchanges and expanding Medicaid coverage for the poor and disabled . So far , a handful of states have said they will hold off on both provisions . The exchanges will provide consumers and businesses with options for obtaining health coverage , as required under the law 's individual mandate . Both the exchanges and the Medicaid expansion are intended to reduce the number of uninsured Americans . By opting out , state governments hope to avoid a possible increased financial burden as the health care law gets fully implemented beginning in 2014 . Opponents of the law also want to obstruct progress on implementation as much as possible while they try to get it repealed or dismantled . "  It starts a process that we believe has to be repealed because we ca n't afford it , " conservative Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , told CNN on Wednesday . He is leading the state opt-out effort . "  The bottom line is , our country is broke , " DeMint said . "  This is going to cost trillions of dollars . It 's going to diminish the quality and access to health care . " However , analysts and industry experts contend health care reform will happen out of necessity , whether through the Affordable Care Act or the momentum it already has created since being passed over two years ago . How are you affected by the health care ruling ? Share your views in the iReport Debate According to a report by PricewaterhouseCoopers ' Health Research Institute , 14 states and the District of Columbia have made "  significant progress " toward implementing reforms , while another 19 states have made "  moderate progress , " leaving 17 states -- or about a third -- that have yet to change their laws or take other steps toward implementation . The report , titled "  Implications of the U.S. Supreme Court Ruling on Healthcare , " says all players in the health care industry -- state governments , hospitals , insurance companies , employers and drug companies -- need to participate in the emerging reform process or risk getting left behind . DeMint appeared to concede that reality Wednesday , saying the goal is to "  give the states more flexibility to help individuals own their own health insurance , policies that they can keep from job to job , and hopefully into retirement . And a lot of states have begun that process . " He also echoed an emerging GOP talking point that praises what Obama and Democrats sought to achieve through health care reform pushed through Congress with no Republican support . "  We appreciate some of the goals of the president , " DeMint said . "  We need every American to have access to affordable health insurance . The best way to do that is at ... the state level that respects the relationship between the patient and the doctor . " Democrats also point to a state solution that worked -- the health care reforms implemented by Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney when he was governor of Massachusetts . Throughout Tuesday 's committee hearings and floor debate on health care reform , Democratic legislators repeatedly noted how Romney 's Massachusetts plan served as a model for the federal plan Republicans seek to eliminate , including the individual mandate detested by conservatives . Romney now pledges to repeal the federal law , a necessary position for any Republican in today 's hyper-partisan GOP political environment . He argues his Massachusetts law was right for the state but never intended as a federal solution , but he also calls for keeping some popular provisions of what is known as Obamacare , such as preventing insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions . What the Supreme Court ruled on health care ` tax ' The health care issue has been among the most divisive of Obama 's presidency . Conservative anger over the measure helped launch the tea party movement , and conservative groups joined with industry groups to fund a giant public pressure campaign against the legislation . Some provisions already have brought popular benefits , such as the one on pre-existing conditions . The bulk of the health care law will take effect in 2014 . In its ruling , the Supreme Court said the individual mandate -- the requirement that all people have insurance -- is constitutional under the government 's taxing authority , and Republicans have jumped on that to characterize the provision as a tax increase on middle-class Americans . What the health care ruling means to you Obama and Democrats respond that only people who can afford health insurance but choose not to get it would have to pay , amounting to about 1 % of the population . The continued GOP attacks seek to bolster public opposition to the law and force Democrats to publicly defend it . Republicans have made clear that the goal is to inspire voters to rally against the law and Obama in the November presidential election . "  If you give us more elected representatives to fix this problem , we will fix this problem in 2013 , " House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , said Tuesday in an interview with CNBC . The White House formally notified House leaders on Monday that Obama will veto any repeal bill that manages to reach his desk , saying repeal "  would cost millions of hard-working middle-class families the security of affordable health coverage and care they deserve . " "  The last thing the Congress should do is refight old political battles and take a massive step backward by repealing basic protections that provide security for the middle class , " a White House statement said . But Republicans called for eliminating the law and starting over on the complex issue that affects every American . "  That 's why we 've voted over 30 times to repeal it , defund it , replace it . And we are resolved to have this law go away and we 're gon na do everything we can to stop it , " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , told reporters Tuesday . How will you be affected by the health care ruling ? Share your thoughts in the iReport Debate . How the Justices voted , what they wrote CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Dana Bash , Alan Silverleib , Deirdre Walsh and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Five Democrats join the Republican majority in passing the repeal measure The repeal measure has no chance of passing the Senate The vote is the latest of more than 30 House GOP attempts to undermine Obamacare Democrats say the vote is a wasted effort since the Supreme Court ruling
CNN  He calls measles ` benign . ' If you vaccinate your child , he calls you a bad mother . And he says our children "  have the right " to get infections . When Dr. Jack Wolfson speaks , jaws drop . But his fans applaud . He has given a medical face to the anti-vaccine movement -- eagerly stepping in front of TV cameras to beat up on vaccines and make light of the dangerous diseases they help prevent . During the recent upsurge of measles cases , he 's been a frequent presence . But this week , he 's suddenly gone silent . E-mails and phone calls went unanswered . And Wednesday , when a CNN news team showed up at his practice , someone called the police . Confronted in the parking lot , Wolfson turned his back to the camera . Why the about-face ? It may have something to do with the investigation that the Arizona Medical Board has opened against him . Parents following advice like those Wolfson gives are at the core of the U.S. outbreak , which is infecting mostly unvaccinated children . And some doctors have advocated that medical licenses be revoked for recommendations like his . The board says it 's received two complaints and is investigating . But it would n't disclose the nature of the complaints . "  Can we talk about the investigation ? " CNN 's Kyung Lah asked Wolfson Wednesday . "  I have no comment , " he responded . "  Are you changing your opinion about vaccinations ? " she asked . He was silent . Wolfson trained at Chicago College of Osteopathic Medicine , then did residencies in internal medicine and cardiology . He sells himself as a traditional cardiologist who turned away from his practice in disappointment . "  For years I practiced like any other cardiologist using pharmaceuticals and dangerous procedures . I became disenchanted with conventional medicine , " he said in a promotional video . Instead of antibiotics , he 's likely to prescribe sleep , good family relationships and an organic diet . His anti-vaccine stance stems from his views on putting chemicals in our bodies . "  What I am opposed to is that we are injecting chemicals into our children , " Wolfson said , when he recently appeared on CNN 's Erin Burnett OutFront . "  This is aluminum , mercury , sometimes aborted fetal proteins . There 's antibiotics in there . " Some of that 's correct , the CDC has said in its list of vaccine ingredients . But it 's not worth worrying about . For example : A common aluminum compound found in many vaccines -- aluminum hydroxide -- is also the active ingredient in antacid tablets . And some of it 's wrong : Trace amounts of a mercury compound used in adult vaccines , is now absent from almost all pediatric formulas , the CDC has said . And vaccines have proven very safe for decades . They save lives and preserve health , the CDC said . Before a vaccine was introduced to prevent measles , the United States had up to four million cased per year , the CDC says . Thousands were left with serious impairment like deafness or permanent brain damage . Up to 500 people died back then each year . Wolfson has delivered some shocking statements during the current measles outbreak , which he approves of . Better to get the disease than the vaccine , he 's said . He called measles "  benign . " The fact that some people die is unfortunate but par for the course . "  Bad things can happen to anybody . We can be in a car accident ; we can be in a toaster fire , " he said . "  We should be getting measles , mumps , rubella , chicken pox , these are the rights of our children to get it , " he told the Arizona Republic . It 's nature 's way of building resistance ; vaccines are unnatural , he has said . Wolfson would be willing to take the death of another parent 's child into account to uphold the right not to vaccinate his own . "  I 'm not going to sacrifice the wellbeing of my child . My child is pure , " he said . "  And I 'm not going to put my child at risk to save another child . " On his YouTube channel , Wolfson makes light of measles with a video from a black-and-white TV show that apparently aired in 1959 before a vaccine was available . Its message , delivered as quotes from the characters : "  It 's not serious . " "  It 's kid 's stuff . " "  They are doing active harm , " said Dr. Peter Lipson , a practicing internist , who has urged state medical boards to investigate and pull the licenses of physicians like Wolfson . "  As physicians we are supposed to do no harm . These doctors are creating harm . They are promoting the spread of infectious diseases , which we should have wiped out by now . " Tell that to Wolfson 's patients . Outside his office , the parking lot was full Wednesday . His office told CNN his schedule is packed with patients -- seeking the doctor 's medical advice .	Dr. Jack Wolfson preached against vaccines in the media On Wednesday , he fell silent , would not take a reporter 's questions An Arizona medical board is investigating him but has not shared details
CNN  -- A Virginia Military Institute cadet has been charged with rape and sodomy after a female cadet reported she was the victim of sexual assault . Stephen J. Lloyd , 21 , is being held in the Rockbridge Regional Jail in Lexington , Virginia , according to a spokesman for the Rockbridge County Sheriff 's Office . The alleged assault took place over the weekend , VMI superintendent retired Gen. J.H. Binford Peay said in a statement , and Lloyd was arrested by VMI police on Tuesday . "  After the female cadet made her report , the systems and procedures that are in place to address the safety of all cadets and to provide support were immediately placed into operation , " Peay said in the statement . The case has been referred to the Virginia Commonwealth 's Attorney and the state 's criminal justice system , Peay said . Of VMI 's 1,428 cadets , 111 are women , school spokesman Lt. Col. Stewart MacInnis told CNN affiliate WSLS-TV .	Accused cadet is being held in the Rockbridge Regional Jail in Lexington , Virginia The alleged assault took place over the weekend Case has been referred to the Virginia Commonwealth 's Attorney
CNN  -- Tony Dorsett recalls a 1984 game against the Philadelphia Eagles when he was streaking up the field and an opposing player slammed into him . One helmet plowed into another . Dorsett 's head snapped back , his helmet was knocked askew . "  He blew me up , " Dorsett told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  I do n't remember the second half of that game , but I do remember that hit . " Dorsett compared the hit to a freight train hitting a Volkswagen . These days Dorsett is worried about the cumulative effects of hits like the one Ray Ellis laid on him that day . In the past two years , Dorsett 's memory has given him increasing trouble . On Monday , doctors at UCLA told Dorsett , 59 , he has chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE , the Hall of Famer said . CTE is a progressive degenerative brain disease found in some athletes with a history of repetitive brain trauma . The only way to definitely diagnose CTE is after death , by analyzing brain tissue and finding microscopic clumps of an abnormal protein called tau , which has been found in the brains of dozens of former NFL players . Opinion : Why I 'm saying goodbye to football However , a pilot study at UCLA may have found tau in the brains of living retired players . Some scientists say finding the disease in the brains of living players is the "  holy grail " of CTE research , providing a means to diagnose and treat it , and the UCLA study may be an important first step . Using a scan called a positron emission tomography , or PET , typically used to measure nascent Alzheimer 's disease , researchers inject the players with a radioactive marker that travels through the body , crosses the blood-brain barrier and latches on to tau . Then , the players ' brains are scanned . "  We found  the tau  in their brains . It lit up , " Dr. Gary Small , professor of psychiatry at the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior at UCLA and lead author of the study , said in February . Dr. Joseph Maroon , a neurosurgeon who works with the Pittsburgh Steelers , cautioned Thursday that the CTE diagnoses of Dorsett  and two other living former players  need further study . "  This is very , very preliminary , " he told Sportsradio 93-7 The Fan in Pittsburgh . "  There are many , many causes of dementia or progressive memory loss , particularly when you get over 60 or 70 years of age . ... It 's something to obviously be concerned about , and the question is what can be done about it ? " Dorsett said the diagnosis explains a lot about his forgetting where he is driving and his mood swings . "  Memory loss , more so than anything it 's been my big deal , " he said . "  Sometimes you can have sensitivity to light and things like that . But my thing was not remembering . I 've been taking my daughters to practice for years and all of a sudden I forget how to get there . " His daughters are afraid , he said . They wonder which father they will get . Will he be the happy dad or the one in a bad mood . For others known to have had CTE , symptoms include depression , aggression and disorientation . In 2002 , Mike Webster , a Hall of Fame center for the Pittsburgh Steelers , was the first former NFL player to be diagnosed with CTE . After his retirement , Webster suffered from amnesia , dementia , depression and bone and muscle pain . What you need to know about concussions in the NFL Unlike Webster , who spent his career smashing into opposition linemen many times a game and in practice , Dorsett was a superfast running back who made his enemies miss by darting past them or with a quick spin to avoid contact . He won the Heisman Trophy as college football 's best player in 1976 and became an instant NFL star on the league 's most popular team , the Dallas Cowboys . He played 11 seasons and gained 12,739 yards , eighth best of all time . His 99-yard run in 1982 is an NFL record . He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1994 . Now he looks in a mirror and wonders . "  And I say who are you ? What are you becoming ? " he said . "  It 's very frustrating to be a person that 's been so outgoing , then all of a sudden , I 'm like a couch potato . " Other athletes have demonstrated erratic behavior , such as Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman Justin Strzelczyk , 36 , who died in a 2004 high-speed chase . Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver Chris Henry died at age 26 after falling from the bed of a moving pickup during a fight with his fiancÃ © e. Opinion : NFL takes good first step to protect players Some who showed signs of the disease have taken their own lives , including former Philadelphia Eagles defensive back Andre Waters , who shot himself in 2006 ; Terry Long , a former Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman who killed himself by drinking antifreeze ; and Junior Seau , the former linebacker who killed himself last year at the age of 43 . Dorsett said that wo n't happen to him . "  I 'm going to beat this . Trust me , " he said . Dorsett pins much of the blame for his health issues on team owners . He said a $ 765 million settlement of a concussion lawsuit with the NFL was not enough . "  I ca n't put a price on my health . The owners knew  about the dangers of concussions  for years and they looked the other way , and they kept putting us players in harm 's way . " The deal calls for the NFL to pay for medical exams , concussion-related compensation , medical research for retired NFL players and their families , and litigation expenses , according to a court document filed in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia . The agreement still needs to be approved by the judge assigned to the case , which involved more than 4,500 plaintiffs . NFL concussion settlement raises questions	Tony Dorsett was a finesse running back who for 11 years often made opponents miss At 59 he has been told he has a brain disease usually diagnosed in dead players One neurosurgeon said there are different causes for memory loss , so more study is needed Dorsett says he is becoming a less outgoing person who has trouble remembering directions
CNN  -- Double Olympic gold medalist Haile Gebrselassie is swapping the track for the polls after announcing his intention to run for election to the Ethiopian parliament in 2015 . Gebrselassie is one of the most celebrated track and field athletes of all time , dominating the 10,000 meter event by winning four consecutive World Championships titles over the distance between 1993 and 1999 . Now he hopes to use his iconic status in his homeland to kick start his political career , a move he has long been expected to make . "  A lot of messages in the news about me going into politics , " the 40-year-old , who clinched gold in 1996 and 2000 , said on Twitter . "  Yes , I want to be in the parliament in 2015 to help my country to move forward . " If Gebrselassie does successfully make the transition into politics , he will be following in the footsteps of some other sport stars . Gebrselassie 's fellow two-time gold medal winner Sebastian Coe served as a Member of Parliament in his native Britain between 1992 and 1997 . Former middle distance runner Coe also served as chairman of the organizing committee 's for last year 's London 2012 Olympic Games . Manny Pacquiao , boxing 's first and only eight-division world champion , has become a political heavyweight in the Philippines . The 34-year-old , known as the "  Pac Man " , was elected into the House of Representatives for the Sarangani province in May 2010 . A host of famous football names have also forged successful political careers for themselves . Romario was a lethal striker who starred as Brazil won the World Cup in 1994 . He is now an elected member of the Chamber of Deputies on the Brazilian Socialist Party ticket and has recently expressed concerns regarding the South American country 's hosting of the 2014 World Cup . Romario has raised the issue of whether the money spent hosting football 's biggest competition would be better spent on education . Like Romario , George Weah was once voted FIFA World Player of the Year . The Liberian striker , who received the accolade in 1995 , ran unsuccessfully for the presidency of his country in 2005 despite gaining over 40 % of the vote .	Haile Gebrselassie announces intention to run for political office The Ethiopian is a double Olympic 10,000 m gold medalist Gebrselassie has set 27 world records during his illustrious career Manny Pacquiao and Romario are other sportsmen who have entered politics
CNN  -- It 's a country where wealth is measured by happiness , plastic bags and tobacco are forbidden , and national dress is compulsory . The enigmatic kingdom of Bhutan is famous for its anonymity and traditional way of life . Nestled high in the Himalayan Mountains , a buffer between India and China , the country has for centuries been all but cut off from the rest of the world . Now , as change sweeps through many of its neighboring countries , Bhutan remains stubbornly rooted to its ancient traditions -- fiercely protective of its cultural heritage and pristine wilderness . With tourism restricted -- visitors have to pay a flat fee of up to $ 200 per day to stay in the country , regardless of where they 're staying -- many of Bhutan 's ancient wonders remain undiscovered to the outside world . Below is a look at some of the more fascinating and little-known sites the country has to offer . The Tiger 's Nest Monastery  Taktsan Monastery  , Paro Precariously perched on the side of a mountain , the 17th-century Tiger 's Nest Monastery is one of the holiest and most visually stunning sites in Bhutan . Located 600 meters above Paro valley  a three-hour hike  , the monastery was built on the site where Bhutan 's founder of Buddhism , Guru Rinpoche , is said to have flown on the back of a tigress in order to meditate . Punakha Dzong , Punakha One of the most beautiful dzongs -- or fortresses -- in the country , Punakha is located on the confluence of the Pho Chu and Mo Chu rivers . Built in 1637 , it served as Bhutan 's seat of government until the mid-20th century . Ravaged by time and natural disasters throughout the centuries -- including floods , fires and earthquakes -- Punakha Dzong has recently been returned to its former glory using only traditional methods and materials . As well as an administrative center for the district , the Dzong is home to the five-day spring Punakha Tsechu festival . Chorten Kora , Trashi Yangtse Taking 12 years to build , the stunning white-washed Chorten Kora was built in 1740 to vanquish a demon said to be living on the site . With eyes painted on all four of its sides to ward off evil , the chorten sits majestically in the Karmaling Valley of Eastern Bhutan . One of the earliest forms of Buddhist architecture , chortens have been built for centuries in order to house the relics and mystical objects of Buddhist saints . At Chorten Kora , legend has it an eight-year-old girl from neighboring India asked to be buried alive in the stone monument in order to pray and mediate during the chorten 's construction . Druk Wangyal Chorten & Dochula Chorten , Dochula With stunning views of the Himalayan peaks , a cluster of 108 chortens sit atop the 3,100-meter-high Dochula Pass . A relatively new site , the Druk Wangyal Chortens were commissioned by Bhutan 's queen mother in 2004 and provide an impressive backdrop to the fourteenth-century Dochula Chorten in front . The centuries-old chorten was said to be built to subdue a demon disturbing people traveling through the popular Dochula Pass , which connects the country 's capital of Thimphu to the east of Bhutan . Trongsa Dzong , Trongsa Holding a special place in the heart of the Bhutanese , Trongsa Dzong is the largest fortress in the country and since 1907 has been the seat for the Kings of Bhutan . Built on a mountain above the Mandge Chu gorge , for centuries the dzong controlled the trade routes from east and west Bhutan , with the Ta Dzong watchtower , now a museum , built to guard the dzong from enemies . Susannah Palk contributed to this article .	The remote kingdom of Bhutan is known as the "  Land of the Thunder Dragon " Steeped in cultural tradition , it is illegal to buy tobacco or use plastic bags there Instead of GDP , the country 's wealth is measured by GNH , Gross National Happiness
CNN  -- Billy Powell , keyboardist with the rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd , died of a heart ailment at his condo in the Jacksonville , Florida , suburb of Orange Park , police said Thursday . He was 56 . Billy Powell , center , poses with other members of Lynyrd Skynyrd at Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction in 2006 . Powell , who died early Wednesday , had survived the band 's October 1977 plane crash in Mississippi that killed lead singer Ronnie Van Zant ; guitarist Steve Gaines ; Gaines 's sister , vocalist Cassie Gaines ; an assistant road manager ; and the pilot and copilot . Powell was seriously injured in the crash . More than 40 fans left messages on a fan Web site . "  Billy , you are truely free now . Rock on with Ronnie and the gang . You also will be forever missed , " read a note signed by traceyspruill . "  I can not believe the hurt that I have felt from being a Skynyrd fan , but I realize that it only hurts so much because I love the members of this band like my own family . We will always miss you , Billy . I can hear your fingertips rolling off those ivory keys right now . Thanks for being you . Rest in peace and may God bless you , " another fan wrote . According to Orange Park Police Lt. Mark Cornett , Powell called 911 around midnight Tuesday from his condo at the Club Continental , complaining about chest pains . "  When paramedics and police arrived , they found him unresponsive on the bed , " Cornett said . Powell was pronounced dead at the scene , and his cardiologist signed the death certificate at 1:52 a.m. ET Wednesday . According to the officer , Powell missed an appointment with the same doctor on Tuesday . Powell joined the original Skynyrd band in 1972 , but he worked for the Jacksonville , Florida-based band for several years before that as a crew member . Among the Southern rock band 's acclaimed songs are "  What 's Your Name , " "  Freebird " and "  Sweet Home Alabama , " all released in the 1970s . "  Sweet Home Alabama " reached the top 10 in 1974 . The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006 . Two years after the plane crash , Powell , Allen Collins , Gary Rossington and Leon Wilkeson formed the Rossington-Collins Band . It broke up in 1982 . A new Lynyrd Skynyrd band formed in 1987 and included Johnny Van Zant , Ronnie 's brother . It began a tour in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , where the plane was headed when it crashed . The band 's last album , "  Vicious Cycle , " came out in 2003 .	Billy Powell called 911 Tuesday night complaining of chest pains , police say Paramedics found him unresponsive and he was pronounced dead at the scene Powell , 56 , survived 1977 plane crash that killed Ronnie Van Zant and 5 others "  Thanks for being you , " one mourning fan writes on Lynyrd Skynyrd Web site
CNN  -- A Holland America cruise ship was disrupted early Saturday morning by an intoxicated passenger who released the ship 's anchor , according to an affidavit obtained by The Smoking Gun website . California resident Rick Ehlert , 44 , released the anchor and a life buoy between 5:25 a.m. and 5:55 a.m. , according to the affidavit . The MS Ryndam was unharmed , but the release of the anchor could have caused "  significant damage to the ship 's rudder or propeller , which could disable the ship 's ability to maneuver , or puncturing of the ship , which could result in sinking or severe flooding , " according to the affidavit . The ship was traveling from Costa Maya , Mexico , to Tampa , Florida . A surveillance video shows Ehlert taking multiple steps to deploy the anchor while the ship was in motion . The MS Ryndam 's maximum speed is 22 knots , which is approximately 25 mph , according to Holland America 's website . Ehlert confessed to dropping the ship 's anchor when questioned by special agents from the FBI . He admitted to being intoxicated at the time and detailed the multiple steps he took in deploying the anchor , including entering an area marked as off-limits to passengers . "  There is probable cause to believe on November 27 that Rick Ehlert did attempt to damage , destroy , disable , or wreck a vessel , " FBI agent John Manning stated in the affidavit . Ehlert was arrested Sunday on a felony charge and taken into custody . He has not yet hired an attorney , according to the office of the magistrate who is handling the case .	An intoxicated passenger on a Holland America cruise ship released the ship 's anchor The ship was unharmed , but the release of the anchor could have ultimately sunk the ship Rick Ehlert , 44 , confessed to dropping the anchor and was taken into custody
Delhi  CNN  -- Appearing alongside some of Bollywood 's biggest stars like Amitabh Bachchan and Aamir Khan is a dream for many aspiring young actors in India . For the beautiful U.S.-born , UK-raised Indian actress Jiah Khan , it became a reality when she was still a teenager . Driven by ambition and discipline , Khan rose through the ranks of a notoriously cut-throat industry for 10 years , acting in blockbuster films like "  Ghajini " and "  Housefull . " However , what seemed to be a glittering career ended in tragedy last week when Khan 's mother found her body hanging in her Mumbai home . Police told journalists they are treating the 25-year-old 's death as suicide . The film industry is in shock . "  She had the naturalness that does not come easy for a first timer ... I am distraught that she ended her life , " blogged Amitabh Bachchan , who starred in her debut film . "  Never ever seen a debutante actress with more spunk and more spirit than Jiah when I was directing her , " tweeted veteran filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma . While scandal and intrigue is common in Bollywood , suicide is rare . Some in the industry are now beginning to ask what could have driven someone with so much potential to such despair . On Monday , Khan 's mother gave the police what appears to be Khan 's suicide note , police said at a news conference . Addressing an unnamed person -- possibly her boyfriend -- Khan wrote : "  If you are reading this I might have already left or about to leave . I am broken inside . You may not have known this but you affected me deeply to a point where I lost myself in loving you . Yet you torture me everyday . " Suraj Pancholi , the 21-year-old son of Bollywood actor Aditya Pancholi , was Khan 's boyfriend . He has since been arrested by Indian police on suspicion of abetting her suicide . The note added : "  Things were looking up for me here , but is it worth it when you constantly feel the pain of heartbreak , when the person you love wants to abuse you or threatens to hit you or cheats on you ... throws you out of their house when you have nowhere to go ? " Khan also claims in the note she was forced to have an abortion . "  I was scared of getting pregnant but I gave myself completely . The pain you have caused me everyday had destroyed every bit of me , destroyed my soul ... I aborted our baby when it hurt me deeply . " Pancholi attended Khan 's funeral along with many other Bollywood stars . It is unclear if he will be prosecuted . In past rulings the Indian Supreme Court has said that to convict a person for abetting suicide , it has to be shown that they instigated it . Pancholi has not responded publicly but his mother spoke to local media denying the charges . Meanwhile , Khan 's mother says she is determined to fight for justice . Speaking to CNN 's sister network CNN-IBN , she said : "  He hit my daughter , he tortured her . I saw bruises on her body . I saw the pain and humiliation she must have gone through . The evidence is with the police . She did not have any emptiness in her life . I am angry , I am in pain . " Khan appeared in three films , two of them blockbusters , but she had n't been in a movie since 2010 .	Indian police are treating actress ' death as suicide Jiah Khan 's mother found her body at her home last week Khan left a suicide note pouring out private details of her life Police have arrested her boyfriend on suspicion of abetting suicide
As investigators search for clues to what happened to Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , the answer to one question may prove key : Why did the transponder in the Boeing 777-200ER stop transmitting information ? The fact that it happened at all is astonishing to John Nance , a broadcast aviation analyst and veteran pilot . "  It is hard to conceive of a situation in which a triple seven would lose all ability to have its transponder on and the crew would not find some way to communicate , " he told CNN . A senior Malaysian air force official said Tuesday that the plane traveled hundreds of miles in the opposite direction from its original destination , and had stopped sending identifying transponder codes before it disappeared from radar screens . Suggestions that the plane veered off course and that its transponder was not working raise questions about a hijacking , but a catastrophic power failure or other problem might also explain the anomalies , analysts said . Here are some of the options : Turned off intentionally Kit Darby , a longtime pilot , said Tuesday it was not clear whether the transponder was turned off intentionally . A power failure would have turned off the main transponder and its backup , and the plane could have flown for more than an hour with such a power failure , the president of Aviation Information Resources told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . But Nance expressed doubt that that could have been the case . The electrical system aboard the plane is so robust and the transponder draws so little power that it would be one of the last pieces of equipment to go dark , even after a catastrophic event like an engine explosion or a breach of the cabin and rapid decompression , he said . "  I 'm in a head-scratching mode , " Nance said . "  The most likely probability is that a human hand turned that off . Then you get into the logic tree of who and why and there are n't that many channels in that tree . " He added , "  This is beginning to look very , very much like a hijacking . " A former Federal Aviation Administration safety inspector agreed . David Soucie , author of "  Why Planes Crash , " cited the redundant electrical , charging , battery and communications systems on Boeing 777s . Much had to go wrong for the aircraft to lose its transponder and then to veer off course , he said , adding that it stands to reason "  that someone forced those pilots to take control of the aircraft and take it off course . " Turning off a transponder requires a deliberative process , said Peter Goelz , former managing director of the National Transportation Safety Board . "  If someone did that in the cockpit , they were doing it to disguise the route of the plane , " he told CNN . "  There might still be mechanical explanations on what was going on , but those mechanical explanations are narrowing quickly . " Questions and answers ` Patchy ' radar Alastair Rosenschein suggested that a pressurization problem may have been to blame . If the plane lost pressure and the pilots failed to don their masks within a few seconds , "  they would become unconscious , " the aviation consultant and former British Airways Boeing 747 pilot told CNN . "  The aircraft would continue on the last heading . " If that happened , the plane may have crashed in the middle of the Indian Ocean , nowhere near where the search is going on , he noted . How does he explain the loss of the transponder signal ? "  It is possible that , even with the transponder putting out a signal , the radar controllers did n't notice it , pay attention to it or receive it , " he speculated . That would be rare , he acknowledged , but so too is the disappearance of a jetliner . And radar is "  pretty patchy " around there , he said . The transponder broke The mechanics of the device may have been at fault , said Kirk Fryar , president of Sarasota Avionics , which sells the devices . "  They 're not supposed to break , but they do break , " he told CNN . "  Sometimes the transponder itself could be off frequency , not sending the right pulse . " The boxes are located in the cockpit , within reach of the pilot , copilot or both , he said . Each is equipped with an on , standby or off mode . And there is often more than one . "  Boeing would have at least two transponders , " he said . "  What happens is sometimes you 're flying along and , say , your transponder breaks and reports the wrong code or wrong altitude , air traffic control will go , ` You need to turn it off because we 're getting erroneous readings , ' " he said . And , if one were to break , the pilot or copilot would have to flip a switch to replace it , something that a pilot stressed during an emergency might not do . An antenna malfunction may also have been to blame , but that would be unlikely on a Boeing , which undergoes routine maintenance checks , Fryar said . See more of our coverage on missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Flying below the radar Flying below the line of sight of the air traffic controller is another way for a transponder to stop identifying a plane . "  The higher you are , the better sensitivity you 're going to have to air traffic control , " he said . That would be improbable during a routine flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing , the itinerary that the Boeing jet was on when it fell off radar early Saturday . He too cited the possibility that it was turned off intentionally . Why might that have happened ? To escape detection . Fryar recounted when he and his flying instructor flew into airspace over Denver without having communicated with air traffic control . "  He goes , ` Oh , my God , we 're going to get in trouble , ' flew 500 feet off the ground , turned off the transponder . They ca n't find you , basically . " Thirty miles later , he switched it back on and the two completed their flight without incident . CNN Law Enforcement Analyst Tom Fuentes said Tuesday he was not persuaded by any of the theories : "  There 's still as many possibilities out there , maybe more , now that we know about the transponders being off and the length of time that plane flew in the air without them . It still leaves mechanical , terrorism  and  other issues as much in the air as they were before . " History Transponders have been around since World War II and commonly used in general aviation since the late 1960s , said Fryar . It supplemented military radar , which was unreliable -- unable to distinguish a flock of birds from a plane , he said . A transponder for use in general aviation would typically cost from $ 2,000 to $ 7,000 ; versus $ 20,000 - $ 30,000 for a commercial airliner . There 's nothing fancy about the technology . An air traffic controller sends out a radar sweep that contains a microwave pulse requesting information ; the transponder decodes the request and sends back that information -- identity of the aircraft , its location , altitude and speed . Primer : Q . What information does a transponder send , and who does it send it to ? A transponder is a radio transmitter in the cockpit that works with ground radar . When the transponder receives a signal from a more sophisticated ground "  secondary " radar , it returns a squawk code with the aircraft 's position , its altitude and its call sign . It is constantly being radar pinged , helping air traffic controllers on the ground determine the airplane 's speed and direction , too . Q . What does "  squawk " mean ? It 's a four-digit identifying code that the pilot enters into a transponder for each flight . It helps air traffic control recognize each plane . Q . Why are transponders necessary ? Primary radar is more basic , effective only at seeing the radar reflection of objects . It paints targets , displaying them with a blip on a screen . The bigger the object , the bigger the reflection . Transponders enhance the reflected signal and provide the additional information for air traffic control . Q. Is there a way to use it to indicate a problem on board the aircraft ? There are codes for different emergencies . For a hijacking , it 's 7500 . For communications failure , 7600 . Emergencies are 7700 . Q . How do you turn off a transponder ? There is a switch that you would move from "  ON " or "  SBY "  standby  or "  ALT "  altitude  . You could also pull the circuit breaker for the transponder in the cockpit . Q . Why would you turn off a transponder during a normal flight ? There could be several reasons . One reason could be when airplanes get close to each other  perhaps they are approaching an airport  . Air traffic controllers may then request pilots to turn the transponders off or to standby . Also , if the transponder is sending faulty information , the pilot might want to turn it off . Planes are still visible on primary radar until they get below the radar 's coverage ability .	"  This is beginning to look very , very much like a hijacking , " says John Nance "  Mechanical explanations are narrowing quickly , " says former safety board managing director Transponders : "  They 're not supposed to break , but they do break "
Newtown , Connecticut  CNN  -- The school buses usually rolled into the grounds of the Hawley School around 8:30 a.m. , carrying dozens of elementary school children . But today , the grounds were empty of students , teachers and staff -- as were the six other public schools in this town where the unimaginable happened . The yellow buses were replaced with black vans with tinted windows carrying friends and family . They pulled up outside the town 's only funeral home as Newtown buried the first of its slain youth . A steady stream of mourners strolled down Main Street . Dads in black trench coats held the hands of their wives , their boys dressed in coats and ties , their girls in dress pants . They walked , heads bowed , to the Honan Funeral Home , a white colonial house where people have helped bury Newtown 's dead since 1903 . They tried to ignore the chaotic scene outside : the black vans , police cars , and TV news satellite trucks . This was another new day in Newtown , the first weekday since the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School . Sunday night 's interfaith service was over . President Obama was back in Washington . Schools were closed . What can you say ? How can you explain this heinous act on the nation 's most innocent ? Christmas presents , already wrapped and under the tree , will go unopened next week . Siblings will miss their brothers and sisters for the rest of their lives . And the very fabric of a quaint New England community has been altered . Forever . We have to do better ... Those were the words of the president as he spoke to the community and the nation . A refrain that 's now become a mantra in town . A statement so powerful it evokes tears from moms , dads , grandparents who repeat it . And it 's true . Twenty-six dead -- 20 children , all aged 6 and 7 . It 's unfathomable . And also so real , here . Every hour or so , a police car or ambulance or fire engine roars down Main Street with its sirens blaring . Residents shudder . Oh , no , what now ? Teachers were heroes in the face of death Reporters , their eyes swollen from shedding their own tears , struggle to ask questions . Residents understand . Newtown on Monday bid farewell to two 6-year-old boys : Jack Pinto , whose love of sports ran the gamut , but none so deep as football ; and his classmate , Noah Pozner , whose family said he could get what he wanted just by batting his long eyelashes . It 's just the beginning of a long healing process , a realization that the normalcy residents awoke to last Friday will never return . Many flocked to the Newtown General Store , a deli that has long served as a hub of community activity . Among its specialty sandwiches is The Sandy Hook , hot roast beef with bacon , melted cheddar and ranch dressing . Bob Jacobs , a father of four young children , brought two of his sons to the sandwich shop after paying their respects at Jack Pinto 's funeral . Peace on this day , he said , was "  just having the kids come in the bed with you in the morning . ... That 's when it 's all kind of normal . " "  It 's weird because you 'll run into things that will remind you of before the tragedy happened and it feels like a normal day , " he said . "  And then , you 'll run into things that remind you of what happened . " Members of the news media are everywhere , as are police officers . The deli provided a respite from the madness . The tentacles of what happened touch everyone in the community . Jacobs ' children do n't attend Sandy Hook , but they 're still directly affected . Principal 's husband left with future that makes no sense One of his boys is a close friend of Jack Pinto 's brother . His 7-year-old daughter had dance class with three of the girls who were killed . He and his wife are part of a dinner club with parents of another slain child . Lauren Rousseau was teaching at Sandy Hook on Friday when she was killed . She 'd also been a substitute at the Hawley School , which three of Jacobs ' children attend . Two of his children opted to stay home from Monday 's services . "  We 're kind of taking it individually with each kid . "  As you can imagine , there 's a lot of tears . " And hugs . Chaplains Ray and Suzanne Thompson came up from New York City , where they had been helping people struggling with the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy . The Thompsons are members of the Billy Graham Rapid Response Team and have helped at other mass shootings , including the attempted killing of Rep. Gabby Giffords near Tucson , Arizona . They stopped in the deli for a quick bite to eat before hitting the pavement . "  The whole town is just heartbroken , " said Suzanne Thompson , a retired nurse from Southern California . "  As you walk the streets , people are crying and hurt and sometimes they might feel alone . And it 's nice to have someone come up alongside you and cry with you and hear your story and pray with you . " The most chilling stories , she said , are from parents and teachers who were at the Sandy Hook school last Friday . "  What stands out in my mind , " she said , "  is just the impact that it 's had on them and what they remember : the noises and the sounds and the smells . Those things are going to be burned in their minds . " The husband-and-wife team look for signs of distress . They talk with residents about the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder -- inability to sleep , flashbacks , loss of appetite , potential suicidal tendencies . They refer some to counseling and follow up with people to see how they 're coping . At the deli , one resident looked at the woman behind the counter as he paid for his food . "  My kids are having trouble sleeping at night , " he told her . She handed him three lollipops . Candles and tears : Portrait of a grieving town A few blocks down Main Street , inside the town library , the sniffling voice of a grieving man could be heard coming from the stacks . "  It 's just ... God ! " he screeched . Downstairs , in the children 's section , Alana Bennison wept behind her desk . She 's been the children 's librarian for 15 years . She knew nearly every child killed . She 's surrounded by thousands of books . But no amount of words , no amount of reading material , could prepare a town for such horror . "  They start here before they start school , " she said , crying . "  Their families have been bringing them in here , most of them since they were little , to get books . " They had recently finished a gingerbread workshop . She has fielded hundreds of calls and e-mails from around the country , people wanting to help Newtown . She 's not sure what to make of it all -- she 's both touched and overwhelmed . It 's only been three days . "  It 's not just about this week ; it 's not just about the next few weeks . It 's about going forward . We have a long road here , a very long road , " she said . "  It will never be normal , but we need to start getting back into routines . They need to start going back to their schools , they need to start going back to the Cub Scouts and the dance lessons and karate and all the things that make up their lives . " School starts up again Tuesday for all Newtown students , except those at Sandy Hook . In a nearby reading area , a collie named Gracie sat as five youngsters gathered around . One read to her . The therapy dog was brought in , Bennison said , "  because everybody needs a little animal love . " Gracie is 7 years old , the age of four of the children killed at the school . When one of the boys learned of the dog 's age , he jumped up and down with excitement . "  My sister is 7 years old , " he squealed . A glimpse into normalcy -- for just a brief moment -- in a town where innocence has been stolen . Ways to donate in memory of the victims	Newtown 's seven public schools were closed Monday as first victims were buried Steady stream of mourners walked down Main Street to pay their respects Many flocked to Newtown General Store , a deli that has long served as a community hub First weekday after massacre was just the beginning of a long healing process
Sudan 's foreign ministry denied published reports that a woman sentenced to death for refusing to renounce her Christian faith is expected to be released . Foreign ministry spokesman Abubakar Al-Sidiq said that he is not aware of any plans to release Mariam Yahya Ibrahim before a ruling from an appeals court . Ibrahim was condemned to die by hanging after she declined to profess she is a Muslim , the religion of her father . Sharia law considers her a Muslim and does not recognize her marriage to a Christian . She is unlikely to change her mind despite giving birth in prison , says her husband Daniel Wani , who also is a Christian . Some Western media outlets have reported that Ibrahim would be released in a few days , but her husband said that only the appeals court could free his wife . "  I 'm not aware that any release is imminent , " Wani told CNN . Technically , the president of Sudan can not pardon her , so the judiciary might be the only way out for the government , which is coming under increased international pressure to release Ibrahim . The court convicted her of apostasy and adultery two weeks ago . At the time , she was eight months pregnant . She gave birth to a baby girl this week at a Khartoum prison , where she 's detained with Martin , her 20-month-old son . Despite languishing in prison with two infants , she 's holding firm to her beliefs , according to her husband . "  There is pressure on her from Muslim religious leaders that she should return to the faith , " Wani told CNN in a TV exclusive . "  She said , ` How can I return when I never was a Muslim ? Yes , my father was a Muslim , but I was brought up by my mother . ' " Wani said his wife is a practicing Christian , more so than him , and even had their son baptized . "  I know my wife . She 's committed , " he said . "  Even last week , they brought in sheikhs and she told them , ` I 'm pretty sure I 'm not going to change my mind . ' " Wani , who is a U.S. citizen , said he is thrilled about his new daughter but hopes her birth does n't hasten his wife 's death sentence . In past cases involving pregnant or nursing women , Sudan waited until the mother had weaned her child before executing any sentence . Sharia law as practiced in Sudan prohibits carrying out the death sentence on an expectant woman until two years after she gives birth . CNN sought comment from the Sudanese government and was directed to the justice ministry . A CNN request for an interview was denied , and the justice minister said they do n't comment on such matters because a final judgment has not yet been issued . An attempt to contact Sudan 's foreign affairs minister for comment was unsuccessful . Woman raised as Christian , husband says Ibrahim , 27 , was arrested after Muslim relatives accused her of renouncing her religion . Their complaint alleged that she went missing for years , and her family was shocked to find out she married a Christian , according to her attorney , Mohamed Jar Elnabi . Wani said he 'd never met the relatives who made the accusations . His wife , he said , was raised a Christian by her mother , an Ethiopian Orthodox , after her Muslim father deserted the family when Ibrahim was 6 . "  These people filed charges claiming that she was their sister and filed a police report saying that she had disappeared , " he said . At first , Ibrahim was charged with adultery for marrying a Christian . The apostasy accusation was added after she maintained she was a Christian , according to her husband . "  The police originally called for the case to be dismissed , but these people went back and added another charge ... which is adultery , by saying she was their sister and a Muslim . It is illegal for a Muslim woman to marry a Christian man , therefore we were brought before the court . " She 's been detained since January 17 , he said . In addition to the emotional turmoil resulting from the conviction , the couple also have to worry about their children , Wani said . "  An illegitimate marriage does not result in legally recognized offspring , which means that my son and the new baby are no longer mine , " he said . Wani 's physical condition makes the ordeal even harder . He uses a wheelchair and "  totally depends " on Ibrahim , according to her lawyer . "  He can not live without her , " he said . Wani said he 's not been allowed to visit his detained family as much since the apostasy charge was added . "  She 's in a bad mood , " he said of his wife . "  She 's frustrated . " More punishment In addition to the death sentence , the court sentenced Ibrahim to 100 lashes for the adultery conviction . The court had warned her to renounce her Christianity by May 15 , but she has steadfastly maintained she is a Christian and will remain so . Sudanese Parliament speaker Fatih Izz Al-Deen said claims that she was raised as a non-Muslim were untrue . She was raised in an Islamic environment , and her brother , a Muslim , filed the complaint against her , according to Al-Deen . ` I 'll stand by her ' Wani said he was optimistic the appeal their lawyers have filed would lead to the court 's ruling being overturned . "  I 'm hoping that , given the way people have come together around the world -- which I want to thank them for , " he said . "  All the rights groups , all the broadcasters ... It 's looking like it had an effect . Perhaps it will result in the judgment being overturned . " But until it 's done , the mother of his children has his support . "  I 'm standing by her to end . Whatever she wants , I 'll stand by her , " he said . Worldwide condemnation Rights groups and foreign embassies worldwide have condemned the verdict . The ruling also created shock waves in Sudan , where activists are defying the government and criticizing what they consider an overly harsh implementation and interpretation of Islam "  The fact that a woman could be sentenced to death for her religious choice , and to flogging for being married to a man of an allegedly different religion , is abhorrent and should never be even considered , " said Manar Idriss , Amnesty International 's Sudan researcher . Foreign embassies in Khartoum , including those of the United States , United Kingdom and Canada , urged the Sudanese government to reverse course . There 's no timetable on when the judicial process will be over , but the couple is n't giving up . The appeals court 's ruling could come within the next week , their attorney says . Until then , they 're grasping at small signs of hope . The last time Sudan executed someone for apostasy was in 1985 when a man criticized Sharia law .	Foreign ministry denies reports that Meriam Yehya Abrahim would be released She has been condemned to die by hanging and gave birth to a baby girl this week at a Sudanese prison A Sudanese court issued the sentence after she refused to renounce her Christian faith Her husband says she 's holding firm to her beliefs regardless of circumstances
CNN  For the first time in over a decade , Shania Twain is hitting the road in North America . Following her two-year Las Vegas stint , the country-pop queen will embark upon the 48-date "  Rock This Country Tour "  although the tour will actually rock two countries -- the U.S. and Canada  . Gavin DeGraw will open for Twain from June 30-Aug . 23 , with singer/actor Wes Mack opening from June 5-June 28 . Tickets go on sale for most North America dates on Friday , March 13 at 10 a.m. local time via www.axs.com . $ 1 from each ticket will go toward the Shania Kids Can Foundation . Check out the tour dates below and start playing "  Come On Over " on repeat ASAP . Jun 5 Seattle , WA KeyArena at Seattle Center Jun 7 Vancouver , BC Pepsi Live ! At Rogers Arena Jun 9 Vancouver , BC Pepsi Live ! At Rogers Arena Jun 11 Edmonton , AB Rexall Place Jun 12 Edmonton , AB Rexall Place Jun 14 Saskatoon , SK SaskTel Centre Jun 15 Winnipeg , MB MTS Centre Jun 19 London , ON Budweiser Gardens Jun 20 London , ON Budweiser Gardens Jun 22 Hamilton , ON FirstOntario Centre Jun 24 Toronto , ON Air Canada Centre Jun 25 Toronto , ON Air Canada Centre Jun 27 Ottawa , ON Wesley Clover Parks Jun 28 Montreal , QC Bell Centre Jun 30 New York , NY Madison Square Garden Jul 1 Long Island , NY Nassau Coliseum Jul 3 Uncasville , CT Mohegan Sun Arena Jul 7 Newark , NJ Prudential Center Jul 8 Boston , MA TD Garden Jul 10 Pittsburgh , PA CONSOL Energy Center Jul 11 Grand Rapids , MI Van Andel Arena Jul 13 Indianapolis , IN Bankers Life Fieldhouse Jul 15 Jacksonville , FL Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena Jul 16 Miami , FL AmericanAirlines Arena Jul 18 Greenville , SC Bon Secours Wellness Arena Jul 19 Charlotte , NC Time Warner Cable Arena Jul 21 Washington , DC Verizon Center Jul 22 Philadelphia , PA Wells Fargo Center Jul 25 Auburn Hills , MI Palace of Auburn Hills Jul 26 Moline , IL iWireless Center Jul 28 Minneapolis , MN Target Center Jul 29 Rosemont , IL Allstate Arena Jul 31 Nashville , TN Bridgestone Arena Aug 1 Atlanta , GA Philips Arena Aug 3 Louisville , KY KFC Yum ! Center Aug 4 St. Louis , MO Scottrade Center Aug 6 Des Moines , IA Wells Fargo Arena Aug 7 Kansas City , MO Sprint Center Aug 9 Austin , TX Frank Erwin Center Aug 10 Dallas , TX American Airlines Center Aug 12 Oklahoma City , OK Chesapeake Energy Arena Aug 14 Denver , CO Pepsi Center Aug 15 Salt Lake City , UT EnergySolutions Arena Aug 17 San Jose , CA SAP Center at San Jose Aug 19 Anaheim , CA Honda Center Aug 20 Los Angeles , CA STAPLES Center Aug 22 San Diego , CA Valley View Casino Center Aug 23 Fresno , CA Save Mart Center The "  Rock This Country Tour " will also be Twain 's farewell tour . See the original story at Billboard.com . © 2015 Billboard . All Rights Reserved .	Twain is heading out on a 48-city tour Tickets go on sale March 13 It will be her farewell tour
CNN  -- Two bombs hit a hospital run by Doctors Without Borders in the war-torn South Kordofan region of Sudan on Monday , destroying the emergency room , pharmacy and hospital kitchen . The humanitarian group blames Sudan 's army for the attack . "  We are shocked that a medical facility can be bombed , especially since it was clearly identified with a flag and a medical red cross on the roof , " the organization 's Brian Moller said in a statement . "  We also had previously communicated the hospital 's position to the authorities in Khartoum , " he said , referring to Sudan 's capital . The hospital is in the village of Farandella , where the aerial bombing injured six people , including one hospital worker , Doctors Without Borders said . They were treated at the hospital , which remains operational despite extensive damage , the group said . Sudan 's army denies bombing the hospital . "  Our targets are not civilians , " Col. Al-Sawarmi Khalid Saad , a spokesman for Sudan 's armed forces , told CNN . "  There is no way our aircraft is involved in this hospital attack . We did not bomb any hospital . We have no reason to attack and destroy any hospital , " he said . Sudan 's government has been fighting rebels in the Kordofan region . Exclusive : Sudan apostasy woman 's ` brother ' says she should repent or die	Two bombs hit a hospital in Sudan that 's run by Doctors Without Borders The group blames Sudan 's military for the bombing raid on a village that injured six people Sudan 's military denies bombing the hospital Sudan 's government has been fighting rebels in the region
CNN Student News  -- September 13 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day How might media coverage of an international attack have a different impact in different countries ? * * Daily Discussion Questions What is known about recent attacks on U.S. facilities in Libya and Egypt ? What does CNN 's Elise Labott say about the significance of attacks on diplomatic facilities ? How would you describe the international reaction to these attacks ? * * What is the status of a teacher strike in Chicago ? How has the strike affected some of the city 's high school student-athletes ? What does the coach interviewed in the report say about the current strike ? How else do you think Chicago 's students , teachers , administrators and parents might be affected by the strike ? * * What is the bubonic plague ? What is the historical significance of the plague ? How many cases of plague typically occur in the U.S. each year ? How did the girl seen in today 's story contract the disease ? How might doctors address the challenges of diagnosing and treating rare diseases ? * * What is the purpose of the energy-efficient house featured in the program ? How much did the house cost ? What are some of the energy-saving features of the house ? Why is this house operated virtually instead of with real people ? What is your opinion of that plan ? What kind of energy test would you conduct using this house ? * *	Use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories Today 's Daily Discussion includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- The death toll climbed to 10 in Japan as the remnants of former Typhoon Roke raced into the northern Pacific on Thursday , government officials said . Four people are missing , according to local government officials . Roke hit the Japanese mainland Wednesday morning as a powerful Typhoon , packing winds of up to 167 kph  103 mph  . The storm caused widespread flooding and disrupted transportation throughout the island nation a day earlier . The storm hit as Japan is still recovering from the devastating earthquake and tsunami that struck in March , killing more than 15,000 people . Ahead of the storm , there were fears that it would affect Tokyo Electric Power Co. 's Fukushima Daiichi plant , which went into a nuclear crisis after the March disaster . TEPCO officials canceled outdoor construction at the plant . Plant officials said Thursday that they have not seen any major problems at the plant due to Roke . At one point before the storm made landfall , about 1 million people were urged to evacuate from vulnerable areas as heavy rain pounded central and western Japan . Some downpours came up to 50 millimeters  2 inches  an hour , and some regions received more than 450 millimeters  17 inches  over a day , according to Japanese public broadcaster NHK . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and Junko Ogura contributed to this report	Roke is no longer a tropical storm The remnants of the storm are racing into the northern Pacific Plant officials report no major problems at the stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant
CNN  -- Comedian Joan Rivers is "  resting comfortably " in a New York hospital after apparently suffering cardiac and respiratory arrest during a procedure at a medical clinic Thursday . Her daughter , Melissa Rivers , issued a statement on Friday . "  My mother would be so touched by the tributes and prayers that we have received from around the world , " she said . "  Her condition remains serious but she is receiving the best treatment and care possible . We ask that you continue to keep her in your thoughts as we pray for her recovery . " A law enforcement official told CNN that Rivers stopped breathing during throat surgery . Rivers , 81 , was taken by ambulance in critical condition to Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City . The clinic address given by a New York Fire Department spokesman is a building that houses an endoscopy clinic where doctors perform minor procedures on patients . The clinic is a mile away from the hospital . Rivers had been scheduled to perform her comedy act at the Count Basie Theater in Red Bank , New Jersey , Friday night . Michael Lucas , who was in the audience for Rivers ' show at New York 's Beechman Theater Wednesday night , told CNN that she joked about death . "  She said , ` You know I 'm 81 years old , and I could drop dead at any moment and you would be so lucky because you will have a story to tell your friends for the rest of your life , ' " Lucas said . "  Then she mimicked people talking about what it was like to see her drop dead on stage . " Rivers was in fine form , he said . "  There was no sign  Wednesday  night that she was declining . Her show was over an hour long and she never stumbled or even paused to catch her breath . " In 2013 , Rivers allowed cameras to record a health scare for her and her daughter 's reality show , "  Joan & Melissa : Joan Knows Best ? " Rivers said on the show that doctors found a spot on an X-ray after she had a persistent cough . "  We 're just not going to be sad about this , " Rivers said during the episode . "  We 're gon na do jokes and be up until we know . That 's how I deal with things . I 'm not just gon na sit around the next couple of days and go crazy . " Rivers has been open about her health issues . She was diagnosed with osteoporosis in 2002 after a fall down some stairs left her with broken bones , and she became an advocate for screenings for women . She also admitted to not being as healthy as she could be . "  I try not to be , but I 'm a terrible eater , " she said . "  I wish I could say I eat super-healthy , but I do n't . I love junk food -- it should be its own food group -- so I help my bones with supplements and medicine . " Joan Rivers ` stands behind ' Gaza quotes : ` War is hell " See more comedian content at CNN Comedy . CNN 's Tony Marco , Lisa Respers France and Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	NEW : Daughter : "  Her condition remains serious " Joan Rivers stopped breathing during a procedure at a medical clinic Her reality show documented a health scare last year She has been open about previous health issues
CNN  -- A welcome spotlight is now being shone on the murky trade in European horsemeat , but the public are still being left in the dark about the brutal treatment and needless suffering of the horses destined for their plates . Every year around 65,000 horses are crammed into trucks and transported across Europe to the slaughterhouse for what can be days on end in hellish conditions . Q&A : What 's behind the horsemeat contamination scandal ? Stressed , injured , exhausted , dehydrated and suffering from disease , these horses are desperate for food , water and rest . No type of horse is spared : including infirm working horses , foals  foal steak commands a premium among those who eat horse meat  and those bred and fattened to obesity to command the highest prices at slaughter . Few , if any of them , are fit enough to travel on such long journeys -- a feat which would challenge even the most athletic sport horses . Many thousands of America 's horses are also transported vast distances on journeys to slaughter in Mexico and Canada , so this is not simply a European problem . EU health chief vows plan to restore confidence in wake of horsemeat scandal World Horse Welfare undertakes regular field investigations as part of its campaign to stop these long-distance journeys , and for years we have documented the appalling suffering of these horses . In recent shipments we inspected , 89 % of the horses had an injury and 93 % showed clinical signs of disease . Their misery was clear - all were showing signs of exhaustion and depression and many had suffered painful wounds from poorly designed compartments and terrible friction injuries due to inadequate space on the vehicle . No animal should have to suffer this . The European Commission 's own advisors , the European Food Safety Authority  EFSA  have clearly stated that "  journey duration should not exceed 12 hours for horses . " First UK tests reveal scope of horsemeat contamination Yet still the European Commission refuses to change the legislation that allows horses to be transported indefinitely , so long as they are given rest every 24 hours  a rule often broken , in part because it is unenforceable in practice  . Horses ' immune systems decline after 10 hours of transportation making them more susceptible to disease . This is extremely unpleasant for the horses and it also poses a real risk to the equine industry of Europe , as horses intended for slaughter , often mix with other horses along the major routes . We regularly present the findings from our investigations to the European Commission , and share information on breaches of transport law with the authorities . We have also presented a number of recommendations in our ` Dossier of Evidence ' of welfare problems caused by the trade and our proposed solutions . At the center of these recommendations is a 9-12 hour journey limit for horses  in keeping with the view of the European Commission 's own scientific advisors  , which is perfectly feasible given the abundance of slaughterhouses licenced to take horses , and would actually save money and red tape by harmonising with other laws . Yet the European Commission still refuses to act . So what we can do to help these horses ? First , we can make people aware of this appalling trade and encourage more Europeans to speak out against it . We can also write to our own governments in Europe to call for change . And we can continue to press the European Commission for the short , maximum journey limit that is recommended by the Commission 's own scientific experts . This is not about stopping people eating horsemeat -- that is a personal choice -- it is about fulfilling our basic responsibility to care for horses during their lifetime . Together the louder we can shout to be the horses ' voice , the more chance we 'll have to put an end to this needless suffering . And that 's exactly what it is -- utterly needless , reckless and brutal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roly Owers .	Roly Owers says public must be made aware of appalling consequences of horse trade Every year around 65,000 horses are crammed into trucks and transported across Europe Few , if any of them , are fit enough to travel on such long journeys , Owers says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud is dead , three Taliban sources and a government official said Tuesday . There were conflicting reports about where Mehsud died . The government official told CNN Mehsud died as a result of the January 14 attack in North Waziristan . He was seriously injured , and was moved to the Orakzai region , where he died and was buried more than a week ago , the official said , citing information from local pro-government militias . Other sources said Mehsud died near the city of Multan in central Pakistan while on his way to a treatment center in Karachi . Authorities have been looking into reports that Mehsud died after being wounded last month in a drone attack . Word of his death contradicts a statement by a Taliban spokesman last week that Mehsud was alive and in hiding . Also last week , a Pakistani news outlet reported that Mehsud had been killed . State broadcaster PTV reported that Mehsud was wounded in a drone attack this month , died and was buried . The drone attack occurred at a madrassa , or religious school , said Pakistani intelligence and local officials in North Waziristan . The school had been converted into a training camp for militants , the officials said . That attack came a few days after Mehsud appeared in a video released by the Pakistani Taliban . In it , he sits next to Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi , the man thought to be the suicide bomber who killed seven CIA officers and consultants and a Jordanian army captain at a base in eastern Afghanistan on December 30 . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for that attack . It was carried out to avenge the death of Mehsud 's predecessor , Baitullah Mehsud , who died in a suspected U.S. drone strike last year , according to al Qaeda 's commander of operations in Afghanistan , Mustafa Abu Yazid . Baitullah Mehsud and Hakimullah Mehsud are from the same tribe , not the same family . The U.S. military routinely offers no comment on reported attacks by drones , or unmanned aircraft . But the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from remote-controlled aircraft . Journalist Nasir Dawar contributed to this report	Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud is dead , three Taliban sources say A government source said he died after aJanuary 14 attack in North Waziristan Authorities have been looking into reports he died after a drone attack last month A Taliban spokesman last week said that Mehsud was alive
Alisa Weinstein was thrilled when she heard about Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 's release . She hopes her father will be next . Gunmen abducted Warren Weinstein nearly three years ago from his home in Lahore , Pakistan . They posed as neighbors , offered food and then pistol-whipped the American aid worker and tied up his guards . Now he 's being held by al Qaeda . And as political backlash over the controversial prisoner swap for Bergdahl grows , Weinstein 's daughter says her happiness for the soldier and his family has turned to worry . "  We started to realize that the administration is going to be a lot less likely to do this again if it causes some political problems for them , " she told CNN 's "  AC360 " on Wednesday . "  So does that mean that the door is closed for us ? " For years , when Warren Weinstein 's case came up , U.S. officials called for his release but repeatedly said Washington would n't bargain with al Qaeda . Now , Alisa Weinstein says it 's clear that negotiating is an option . "  They have shown with this exchange that they can get this done . If they want to , they can do this , " she said . "  So I know that they can do it for us and they can do it for others . " Just as health was a concern for U.S. officials who negotiated Bergdahl 's release , Weinstein says she 's worried about her 72-year-old father 's health . He has a heart condition and severe asthma , she said , and a video of him released by al Qaeda on Christmas showed he 's suffering . "  It was clear from that video that he is not in good physical condition . He was incredibly pale and gaunt . His voice was weak . ... My father is certainly not in good health , " she said . Listening to Obama administration officials justify the swap by pointing out that Bergdahl was a soldier does n't ease her worries . "  My father is just as deserving of freedom as Sgt. Bergdahl , as are all of the Americans who are being held abroad , " she said . "  You can not distinguish between these hostages . ... They ca n't just pick and choose , decide that it works to get one person out and then leave everybody else there . " Just a few months after Weinstein 's capture , al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri released a recording claiming the terror group was holding Weinstein -- and demanding , among other things , an end to airstrikes by the United States . He described the captive as "  a former employee and a current contractor working with the U.S. government in its aid program to Pakistan , which aims to fight the jihad in Pakistan and Afghanistan , and just like the Americans arrest any suspect linked to al Qaeda and the Taliban , even if they were far related . " Weinstein was employed by J.E. Austin Associates Inc. , a U.S. consulting firm based in Arlington , Virginia , that is a USAID contractor . He is a world-renowned development expert , according to the company 's website . In the video al Qaeda released of him in December , Warren Weinstein said he felt abandoned . "  Nine years ago , I came to Pakistan to help my government and I did so at a time when most Americans would not come here , " he said . "  And now , when I need my government , it seems I have been totally abandoned and forgotten . " What about other Americans held captive ?	American aid worker Warren Weinstein is being held by al Qaeda Alisa Weinstein says she 's worried backlash over Bergdahl could hurt her father 's case She says she wants to know what the U.S. government is doing to bring him home "  They have shown with this exchange that ... if they want to , they can do this , " she says
CNN  -- When was the last time you adjusted your business strategy based on China 's changing consumer behavior ? With economic growth , comes consumer maturity . China 's emerging consumers are becoming more independent , confident and connected . Like all of us , China 's consumers are changing not only demographically and geographically , they are adjusting to choice . Lots of choice . Much of that choice is emerging in the world of e-commerce . There are nearly 600 million netizens in China and they are beginning to aggressively shop online . The challenge for online commerce outlets is to define just who their customers are and how they make their purchase decisions . In other words , what influences them to spend money online ? What we do know is that men shop differently than women , even when it comes to online purchases . For example , we know that men tend to be more , let 's call it , goal oriented when they shop online . But they also tend to buy things specifically for themselves . That said , both sexes are looking for two key things : lower prices and greater convenience . Nielsen 's 2012 annual report on online shopping behaviors of Chinese consumers showed that for a couple of key categories covered in the survey , men were more active than women in online shopping . Eighty percent of male respondents ,  vs. 59 % of female respondents  went online for consumer electronics purchases , while 71 % of male respondents ,  vs. 66 % of female respondents  went online to purchase services . With more people shopping on the Internet , we are also seeing online shoppers increasingly becoming impatient as they shop . If they ca n't easily find what they want , they quickly move on . They want to shop on their terms and their timelines . So , how do we ensure online shopping is embedded in the broader Internet experience for China 's online consumers ? According to the survey , 66 % of connected consumers were both microblog and social networking site users . The implication for brands would be to use their microblog presence as information delivery centers to combine and bring together all other digital platforms such as a company website , campaign mini-site , social networking brand page and viral video content . With the high penetration of smart phones , e-commerce evolves a step further to m-commerce . We can see that consumers are n't even waiting to get back home to switch on their computers and start spending . Consumers want to browse and shop whenever they want -- on the subway , while waiting for friends , or even during meal times . Engaging with mobile users is critical in this and most other markets . Unlike Amazon 's dominant position in the U.S. , there are many big scale e-commerce players competing fiercely in China , so it might take more time for a standout leader to emerge . For now , existing e-commerce players face expensive challenges surrounding logistics and pricing . Some are also grappling with aligning online and offline shopping experiences . Flexible shopping and delivery/pick-up options are proving popular , particularly when combined with smart promotions across online and offline platforms . Satisfied customers with successful online purchases are likely to drive more sales as consumers share positive experiences via social media . A Nielsen survey found 85 % of Chinese consumers regularly used social media to share their experiences with online purchases . As retailers look to align and grow their offline and online businesses , the challenge is how to develop successful marketing strategies for the sophisticated Chinese consumer : 1 . Earn trust -- Create a trusted environment with your customers and make them feel valued . Every brand should take some time to understand the specific online networks with which their customers engage and to become a part of it . Leveraging trusted experts or appropriate celebrities in China has also been successful in building trust . The bottom line is that emotion is the key . In a world where the consumer sees hundreds of advertisements in the span of just one day , triggering an emotional response is proven to give your product or brand the attention and recognition it needs to stand out . From there , you build brand dependency ; success here will take care of itself as consumers will recommend the product to others . 2 . Get connected - Chinese online shoppers are primarily young and educated consumers who are seeking value and convenience . Offering unique product assortments online and giving the consumer multiple convenient options for payment and delivery are also likely to resonate with these shoppers . 3 . Communications - Again , social media is a powerful communication platform that is looked at multiple times a day . E-commerce and online shopping flip the traditional store-to-consumer , one-way conversation . Consumers are now searching out retailer websites for specific products and learning about goods via social media . Retailers need to engage in this social conversation and interact with China 's tech-savvy consumers who are increasingly open to boosting e-commerce spending . It is also suggested that an integrated online/offline campaign can double your brand 's recall .	Rust writes advice on capturing e-commerce market as it rapidly changes in China Satisfied customers drive more sales sharing positive experiences via social media Create a trusted environment with your customers and make them feel valued
CNN  -- News of the deadly Boston Marathon bombings that killed three people and injured 178 others Monday has understandably dominated CNN 's coverage this week . You can follow the live updates here , as events unfold . Two men believed to be suspects in the case have been identified . One died of injuries suffered during a confrontation with police Friday , and the other was arrested after a standoff with police , causing jubilation in Boston . But while all eyes were on the Boston suburb of Watertown , there was plenty going on elsewhere . Here are five stories you may have missed : 1 . A deadly wave of bombings blasted Iraq Tuesday , ahead of elections there Saturday . The attacks took place in at least six provinces : Baghdad , Anbar , Babel , Kirkuk , Salaheddin Diyala , and Nasriya , police officials across the country told CNN . Shiite neighborhoods , police checkpoints and political offices were among the targets . At least 42 people were killed , with more than 257 others wounded . 2 . The founder of the French company that made controversial breast implants , went on trial over the scandal . Proceedings against Jean Claude Mas , who founded Poly Implant Prothese , or PIP , and four others connected to the company continued Thursday , a day after the trial opened in Marseille . Mas was arrested in January 2012 in connection with an investigation after the 2010 cancer death of a French woman with PIP implants . He has consistently denied any wrongdoing , insisting that his products were perfectly safe . 3 . A powerful earthquake struck Pakistan 's border with Iran , Tuesday , killing 34 people and injuring 80 others in Pakistan , sources say . Officials earlier said that dozens more were injured in both countries . The U.S. Geological Survey said the earthquake was preliminarily measured at 7.8 magnitude . The Iranian Seismological Center said the earthquake had a magnitude of 7.5 . Army doctors and Frontier Corps paramilitary forces took part in rescue efforts in Mashakel , according to a Pakistani official involved in relief efforts . 4 . A Pakistani court confined the country 's former president Pervez Musharraf to his home Friday . The move came a day after he made a swift exit from an Islamabad court after a judge revoked his bail . The development is the latest legal setback to Musharraf since the former military ruler returned to Pakistan last month , five years after he resigned as president and left the country , to fight a series of court cases against him . He had been seeking to run in upcoming elections . 5 . New Zealand 's parliament voted to legalize same-sex marriage Wednesday . The country became the first in the Asia Pacific region to pass the legislation , ahead of Australia , whose gay community feels the country is falling behind in terms of gay rights . The New Zealand Parliament passed the bill by a convincing margin of 77 votes to 44 , amending the Marriage Act to permit gay , lesbian , transgender , bisexual and intersex couples to marry . Overjoyed supporters of the legislation in the public gallery burst into song in celebration .	A deadly wave of bombings blasted Iraq ahead of elections on Saturday Trial of controversial breast implant company founder under way in France A powerful earthquake struck the Pakistan-Iran border region Pakistani court confines former president Pervez Musharraf to his home
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A national poll suggests that nearly three-quarters of all Americans support the plan to withdraw most U.S. combat troops from Iraqi cities and towns , even though most respondents said they think the troop movements will lead to an increase in violence in that country . A U.S. soldier plays soccer with children in mid-June in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll comes Tuesday , the day of the long-anticipated deadline for American troops to pull out of Iraqi towns and cities . The U.S. military gradually has been moving its combat troops out of Iraq 's population centers for months to meet the deadline agreed to by Washington and Baghdad . Since January , Americans have handed over or shut down more than 150 bases across the country , leaving U.S. troops in a little more than 300 locations that gradually will be handed over to Iraqi control . The United States has pulled about 30,000 troops out of Iraq since September , leaving about 131,000 troops there . The Iraqi government describes Tuesday 's pullout as National Sovereignty Day . Watch Iraqis celebrate the transition " Seventy-three percent of Americans questioned in the poll favor the withdrawal of U.S. combat troops from Iraqi cities and towns , with 26 percent opposed . "  This plan has widespread bipartisan support , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director . "  Seventy-two percent of Democrats and 74 percent of Republicans favor this move . " The poll indicates that 52 percent think the level of violence in Iraqi cities will increase after U.S. troops withdraw , with 32 percent saying things will remain the same and 15 percent saying the level of violence will decrease . If violence does increase , the poll suggests Americans are clear about how to respond : "  Nearly two-thirds say that the U.S. should not send combat troops back into Iraqi population centers , even if there is a significant increase in the number of violent attacks , " Holland said . "  Americans seem to believe that once the Iraqis are in charge , it 's up to them to solve any future problems . " The war in Iraq remains unpopular , with about one-third of the public supporting U.S. efforts there . The CNN/Opinion Research poll was conducted Friday through Sunday , with 1,026 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . More than 4,300 Americans have been killed in Iraq since the 2003 invasion . The latest deaths happened Monday when four U.S. soldiers serving in Baghdad died of combat-related injuries . The U.S. military announced the deaths Tuesday without giving further details .	CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll finds strong support for withdrawal Tuesday is deadline for U.S. troops to be out of Iraqi cities About 131,000 U.S. troops remain in 300 locations throughout Iraq Four Americans die of combat-related injuries , U.S. military says
Santiago de Compostela , Spain  CNN  -- The train races into view , and in the space of a heartbeat , the cars derail and crash into a wall of concrete , flipping onto their sides and skidding along the track with terrifying speed and force . Security footage shows the horror of the moment an express train derailed as it hurtled around a curve in northwestern Spain on Wednesday . A spokeswoman for the Spanish government in the Galicia region , speaking on routine condition of anonymity , confirmed 80 people have died in the crash . A woman from Arlington , Virginia , is among the dead . And at least five other U.S. citizens were injured , Deputy State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . Flames burst out of one train car as another car was snapped in half after the crash . Rescue crews and fellow passengers pulled bodies through broken windows and pried open doors as stunned survivors looked on . Investigations into the cause of the crash continue , but suggestions that the train was traveling too fast appear to be gaining weight . The train driver is being questioned by police and is under formal investigation , said Maria Pardo Rios , a spokeswoman for the Galicia regional supreme court . "  He is not being charged by a judge at the moment -- it is all at a police level , " she said . Of the scores of people injured in the crash , 95 remained hospitalized Thursday , officials said . Thirty-two adults were in critical condition . Most of the deaths happened at the scene , Rios said . In Spain , judges typically record deaths that take place outside of hospitals . Judicial teams are still at the crash site and expect to find more bodies , she told CNN on Thursday morning . Interim charge d'affaires Luis G. Moreno at the embassy said it was in touch "  with families of some injured American citizens . " "  We are deeply shocked by the news of last night 's train crash in Galicia . Our hearts and prayers are with the friends and families of the victims , " he said Thursday . UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said one British citizen was injured . The crash came on the eve of a public holiday held to mark the region 's saint 's day . Local officials canceled festivities planned for Wednesday night and Thursday across Galicia . Train 's speed questioned The state railway , Renfe , said the train crashed on a curve several kilometers from the train station in the city of Santiago de Compostela , a popular tourist destination . The train was nearing the end of a six-hour trip from Madrid to the town of Ferrol in northwest Spain when it derailed at 8:41 p.m. Wednesday , the railway said . It was unclear how fast the train was traveling when it crashed . It was capable of going up to 250 kilometers per hour  155 mph  , said Julio Hermida , a spokesman for the state railway . The driver , who suffered minor injuries , told police the train had entered the bend too fast , TVE reported . The driver has worked for the company for the last 30 years , a spokesman for the railway confirmed to CNN . In 2000 , the driver started working as a train driver assistant , and in 2003 began working as a train driver , a job the driver has held since . Rafael Catala , secretary of state for transport and housing , told Spanish radio network Cadena SER that the "  tragedy appears to be linked to the train going too fast , " but that the reasons for that are not yet known . Spanish news agency Efe and national daily El Pais cited sources within the investigation as saying that the driver had said the train was going at about 190 kilometers per hour , and that the limit on that curve was 80 kilometers per hour  50 mph . The president of Renfe , Julio Gomez-Pomar , told radio station COPE on Thursday that the train had undergone a routine inspection that same morning . "  The train did not have an operating problem , " he said . "  The maintenance and control record of the train was perfect . " Mourning declared Spain 's King Juan Carlos visited a hospital in Santiago de Compostela where victims injured in Wednesday 's train accident are recovering . "  All Spaniards , we are united at this time . ... Really all Spaniards join in the pain of the families of the dead , " he said . "  We hope that the wounded will recover , little by little . " The royal family canceled all events scheduled for the day out of respect for the day of mourning , the royal household told CNN . Alberto Nunez Feijoo , head of the regional government in Galicia , declared seven days of mourning in the region for victims of the tragedy . In a speech , he said "  all of the community cries about the tragedy that we are living , we cry for the victims , we cry for the unease and sadness of the families . " Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy viewed the scene of devastation Thursday morning and visited some of the hospitalized crash victims . Rajoy , who is from the area , told a news conference there was a "  huge challenge " ahead , not least in identifying all those killed and informing their families , and he praised the response of everyone who has helped after the crash . Two investigations are under way , he said , adding , "  We want to establish what happened . " Rajoy declared three days of national mourning to honor the victims of the crash . The prime minister came under fire in Spanish media after a condolences message for the train crash victims posted by his office late Wednesday included a paragraph apparently "  copied and pasted " from a statement previously sent to victims of an earthquake in Gansu , China . " I would like to express my deepest condolences for the loss of human lives and the material damage from the earthquake that has occurred in Gansu has caused , " the note said . Victim : ` Everything went dark ' One victim , speaking from a hospital bed with his arm in a sling , told CNN affiliate Atlas that it seemed like train was going fast . "  But we did n't know what was the maximum speed , so I thought it was normal , " he said , "  And suddenly there was a curve , the suitcases fell , and everything went dark . And I hit my head a ton of times , and 10 seconds later I was wedged between seats , and I had people 's legs on top of me . " As he waited for rescuers to pull him from the wreckage , he heard other passengers yelling . "  I heard little children screaming . ... I also heard two girls that yelled out , one supporting the other , " he said . Through the darkness , passenger Stephen Ward saw a little circle of light -- the door of the train . Rescuers came through it and helped the 18-year-old from Bountiful , Utah , get out . He waited for hours while victims with more serious injuries were taken to the hospital . As he watched rescue crews carry the dead and wounded , he cried and sang church hymns to calm himself down . A photo taken at the scene shows him leaning on a police officer as he walked beside the tracks , with blood oozing down his face and splattered on his crisp , white shirt . The Mormon missionary walked past dead bodies on the ground . He told London 's Daily Telegraph that it looked like a scene from hell . U.S. citizen among those killed When the train crashed , Ana-Maria Cordoba was on the way with her husband and their daughter to visit her son , who had been on a pilgrimage in Spain , the Catholic Diocese of Arlington told CNN . Cordoba , who worked for the diocese , was killed , spokesman Michael Donahue said . Her husband and daughter are hospitalized in stable condition , the diocese said . Crash investigation Investigators are looking at all possible causes of the crash , a senior aide to the prime minister said Wednesday . Are you there and safe ? Tell us what 's happening Renfe 's spokesman said he did not know how many crew members were aboard the train when it crashed . Normally , there would be at least five crew members on a train like that , he said . Officials appealed for blood donations just after the crash but on Thursday said the short-term needs were met . Herman Van Rompuy , president of the European Council , expressed condolences from the European Union . Pope Francis , who is on a visit to Brazil for World Youth Day , sent a telegram to the bishop of Santiago de Compostela , Julian Barrio Barrio , offering his support and prayers for all those affected by the tragedy . CNN 's Al Goodman reported from Santiago de Compostela and Laura Perez Maestro from Galicia . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Jonathan Helman , Catherine E. Shoichet , Elwyn Lopez , Patrick Sung , Eric Marrapodi , Jill Dougherty , Nelson Quinones , Marysabel Huston-Crespo , Mariano Castillo , and David Valenzuela contributed to this report .	NEW : Survivor says the crash site looked like a scene from hell Victim : "  Suddenly there was a curve , the suitcases fell and everything went dark " Death toll at 80 , spokeswoman for Spanish government in Galicia region tells CNN Crash may be linked to train going too fast , transport minister tells radio station
CNN  -- Michael Vick , recently reinstated to the NFL after being freed from federal prison after a dogfighting-related conviction , has signed a two-year deal with the Philadelphia Eagles , according to his agent , Joel Segal . Michael Vick is set to join his new team on Friday , according to his agent . The former Atlanta Falcons quarterback reports to Philadelphia on Friday , Segal told CNN . Details of the deal were not immediately available Thursday night . The league suspended Vick indefinitely in August 2007 after he pleaded guilty to a federal charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation at a home he owned in Virginia . Vick , 29 , was freed from federal prison at Leavenworth , Kansas , on May 20 and returned to his home to serve the last two months of his 23-month sentence in home confinement . iReport.com : Is this a good move ? The Pennsylvania Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals said Thursday night in a statement it was "  incredibly disappointed " at the news of Vick 's signing . "  Philadelphia is a city of dog lovers and most particularly , pit bull lovers , " said Susan Cosby , the organization 's chief executive officer . "  To root for someone who participated in the hanging , drowning , electrocution and shooting of dogs will be impossible for many , no matter how much we would all like to see the Eagles go all the way . " However , Ed Sayres , president and CEO of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , said in a statement that "  Commissioner Roger Goodell and the Philadelphia Eagles have granted Michael Vick a second chance , and the ASPCA expects Mr. Vick to express remorse for his actions , as well as display more compassion and sound judgment this time around than he did during his previous tenure with the NFL . " "  We hope that Mr. Vick uses his stature for the betterment of the community and the advancement of the issue of animal cruelty , " Sayres said . Eagles head coach Andy Reid told reporters he knows there are some fans that will not accept Vick . "  I understand how that works , " he said . "  But there 's enough of them that will , and then it 's up to Michael to prove that that change has taken place . I think he 's there . That 's what he wants to do . " He said Vick "  seems very focused , and he wants to get his career back on track . " It is unclear what role Vick will play in the Eagles ' offense . But it was clear that the move had the blessing of current Eagles starting quarterback Donovan McNabb . "  I pretty much lobbied to get him here , " McNabb said . "  Because everybody deserves a second chance . " The NFL reinstated Vick on a conditional basis last month . Vick "  will be considered for full reinstatement and to play in regular-season games by Week 6 based on the progress he makes in his transition plan , " the NFL said in a statement last month . Week 6 of the NFL season is in October . Vick may participate in practices , workouts and meetings and may play in his club 's final two preseason games under the conditions of his reinstatement , the league said last month . "  I fully understand that playing football in the NFL is a privilege , not a right , and I am truly thankful for -LSB- the -RSB- opportunity I have been given , " Vick said in a statement last month upon his reinstatement . "  As you can imagine , the last two years have given me time to re-evaluate my life , mature as an individual and fully understand the terrible mistakes I made in the past and what type of life I must lead moving forward , " he said in last month 's statement . Former Indianapolis Colts coach Tony Dungy has agreed to continue working with Vick as an adviser and mentor , the NFL said . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell told reporters last month that Vick underwent tests , including a psychiatric evaluation , after requests from animal rights groups . Vick has also filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy . At a hearing in that case , he told the judge he earned 12 cents an hour as an overnight janitor while in prison . Court documents released in Vick 's case showed that two of his co-defendants , who also pleaded guilty as part of a plea deal , said Vick helped kill dogs that did n't fight well , and that all three men "  executed approximately eight dogs " in ways that included hanging and drowning . The dogs were killed because they fared poorly in "  testing " sessions held at Vick 's property . The Humane Society of the United States has said Vick offered to work with the organization on anti-dogfighting campaigns . Wayne Pacelle , the organization 's president , has said Vick was to work on programs aimed at preventing youths from getting involved in dogfighting and on programs to assist youths who have already been involved . In testimony before the bankruptcy judge , Vick acknowledged committing a "  heinous " act and said he should have acted more maturely . In November , Vick pleaded guilty to a state dogfighting charge and received a three-year suspended sentence . The Eagles are scheduled to play Vick 's former team , the Falcons , in Atlanta on December 6 .	NEW : Eagles head coach Andy Reid : I know some fans wo n't accept Vick Agent : Vick to report to Philadelphia Eagles on Friday NFL suspended Vick in 2007 after pleading guilty in dogfighting case Animal advocacy group in Philadelphia says it is disappointed at signing
OPRAH.com  -- In the past month I 've eaten poached goat , grilled octopus , the breaded and fried thymus gland of a cow , tagliatelle with rabbit ragu , and the seared liver of a fatted goose . In the past 24 hours , I 've had pulled-pork tacos with pickled onions , blindingly spicy Korean noodles , caramelized Brussels sprouts , and a deep-fried candy bar . For dinner I 'll be grilling a molasses-brined pork loin -- unless I simmer a garlicky cellini bean soup topped with a poached egg . Whatever ends up on my plate , I know I 'll enjoy it . That 's what I do with food . Oprah.com : 4 food blogs we love I 'm from a region -- between the San Francisco Bay Area and Napa Valley -- that 's riddled with farmers ' markets , an area where Ethiopian or Cambodian cuisine is as plentiful as burgers , and where culinary legends  Alice Waters , the Kellers Hubert and Thomas  and hidden-gem restaurants  Oakland 's Doña Tomás , St. Helena 's Meadowood  abound . All that foodie culture leaves its mark : I learned to love frisée and arugula before my training wheels came off . But if the area 's epicurean quotient is steep , so is its cost of living . When I was growing up , my parents struggled , and to supplement the high-end delicacies , we did what most broke people do : ate junk food . I still love it . Whenever I fly home from New York , I head to In-N-Out straight from the airport . I covet Long John Silver 's chicken planks . And God help me if I spot a Krispy Kreme . In my cabinets you 'll find Oreos , boxed mac and cheese  best served studded with hot dog chunks  , and six flavors of potato chips -- none of them low fat . Oprah.com : Eat like a foodie without leaving the house Now seems a good time to mention my butt , boobs , and stomach , which are ample . I do n't mind . I 'd rather have curves than agonize over whether I deserve dessert . Plus , I look great in vintage dresses , and , according to at least one small child , my hugs are pleasantly "  squishy . " My trunk is not so junk-filled that it ca n't fit into an airplane seat -- which is lucky , since one of my goals in life is to eat everywhere I can . Oprah.com : How to eat in your 20s , 30s , 40s , 50s and beyond I prep for vacations by slavering over restaurant websites  I call it menu porn  . Last fall , for instance , long before landing in New Orleans , I knew I 'd be ordering the white truffle risotto at Domenica and the Goody cocktail at the Hotel Monteleone . But I welcome serendipity , too . The best moment of that trip came at Sugar Shack , a funky French Quarter watering hole . Oprah.com : Get the skinny on fat My husband and I bit into our soft-shell-crab po ` boys and gasped . The sandwiches were perfect -- crunchy , crabby , drenched in piquant mayonnaise . That bite had everything I love about food : the joy , the hedonism  it was a lot of mayo  , and the makings of a story  it 's ridiculous how often we discuss those damn po ` boys  . I 'd never want to miss out on any of that -- or the dessert of Ding Dongs we served ourselves later . Oprah.com : When anxiety guides your diet Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	One writer discusses the joys of eating everything Writer tries pulled-pork tacos with pickled onions , blindingly spicy Korean noodles She 'd rather have curves than agonize over dessert , she says
PARIS , France  CNN  -- French Internet users who download files illegally could have their service cut off under a new law enacted by the French government . French filmmaker Luc Besson attended the vote passing the new law into action . The "  three strikes and you 're out " law will see violators getting up to two warnings before their Internet service providers could be allowed to cut service for as long as a year . The tough new legislation sailed through the French Senate this week , even as opponents promised to continue to fight it in the courts . The law sets up a special government anti-piracy agency to monitor "  internauts , " as French Internet users are called . It will ensure users are paying for movies and music that they download . While there are countries with stricter penalties such as jail time , in France opponents of the law are angry that the new government agency will be outside the judicial process . That means it can disconnect Internet service without oversight . Opponents of the law worry the government agency could be packed with over zealous enforcers who will side with filmmakers and the recording industry , or even invade the privacy of Internet users . The legislation has split France 's political opposition , which protested against the new law . The political left -- traditionally supported by performers and artists -- found that on this issue the creative types were on the government 's side , seeing the legislation as a way to protect the intellectual rights that are the foundation of their livelihood . Though the new law still faces a court test and may not be compatible with European legislation , the government plans to have the agency up and running by next year .	French Internet users downloading files illegally could have their service cut off New law enacted by French government could see users banned for year Special government anti-piracy agency to monitor violations
CNN  I know you are excited about the new Pee-wee Herman film , but what am I ? Netflix announced Tuesday that it will begin production next month on a new film starring the popular 1980s TV character , titled "  Pee-wee 's Big Holiday . " No release date has been announced . According to the Netflix news release , the on-demand movie will be produced by Paul Reubens , who plays the title character . Judd Apatow , of "  Anchorman , " "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin " and "  Forgetting Sarah Marshall " fame , will co-produce . John Lee , who has directed episodes of "  Inside Amy Schumer " and "  Broad City , " will make his feature-film directorial debut . It will be Herman 's first feature film since 1988 's "  Big Top Pee-wee . " The 1985 feature film "  Pee-wee 's Big Adventure " became a cult classic , and from 1986 to 1990 , television viewers tuned in to the absurd and infectious adventures of "  Pee-wee 's Playhouse . " Reubens retreated from show business for most of the 1990s , after he was arrested for indecent exposure at an adult movie theater in 1991 . Despite some subsequent brushes with the law , Reubens and his alter ego have experienced a comeback in recent years , including a Broadway show and many television guest appearance spots . "  Judd and I dreamt up this movie four years ago . The world was much different back then -- Netflix was waiting by the mailbox for red envelopes to arrive . I 've changed all that . The future is here . Get used to it . Bowtie is the new black , " Reubens said in the statement .	Netflix will release a movie starring Pee-wee Herman Paul Reubens and Judd Apatow will produce
It 's another small sliver of information in the expanse of mystery surrounding Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . A failed satellite phone call suggests the missing passenger jet may have turned south slightly earlier than previously thought during its enigmatic journey , Australian authorities said Thursday . After Flight 370 dropped off radar on March 8 , Malaysia Airlines ground staff tried to make contact with the plane using a satellite phone , Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said at a news conference in the Australian capital , Canberra . The attempt was unsuccessful , he said , but subsequent analysis of the failed call has given experts a better idea of the aircraft 's position and where it was traveling . The latest analysis of the available data has put a focus on southern parts of the search area in the Indian Ocean , Truss told reporters . MH370 vanished with 239 people on board during a flight that was meant to go from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing . The search operation , described by Australian officials as the largest in history , has so far turned up no debris from the plane . International aviation experts have relied on information from radar and satellites to try to plot the Boeing 777 's course , concluding that it went down in a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean , far off Australia 's west coast . The experts are sticking to the same vast search zone announced in June , Truss said at the news conference Thursday . But some of the information that the analysts now have suggests that areas of the zone farther to the south may be of "  particular interest , " he said , noting that the focus of the search continues to be refined as experts keep reviewing the available data . Uncertainty over location of turn Flight 370 was last detected by radar flying northwest over the sea between Peninsular Malaysia and the Indonesian island of Sumatra . A series of subsequent communications between satellite systems and the errant plane -- known as "  handshakes " -- determined that at some point , MH370 turned south toward the southern Indian Ocean . It was initially assumed that the southern turn took place at the northwestern tip of Sumatra . But the team of experts has since said there 's no conclusive evidence about where the turn to the south took place . To calculate the current search area , they said they took two approaches to the uncertainty surrounding the turn . They analyzed the satellite data using a range of assumed locations for the turn , and also without any assumption of where the turn took place . The final radar detection of MH370 , by the Malaysian military , occurred nearly an hour after the plane had veered off its planned course . Three minutes later , a satellite handshake indicated that the plane was still traveling northwest . The unanswered phone call took place 14 minutes after the handshake , according to information previously released by Australian authorities . Just over an hour later , a second handshake suggested that the plane had turned and was heading south or southeast . It 's unclear from Truss ' comments Thursday how much more clarity the analysts now have on the timing and location of the turn . The crucial question of why the aircraft flew wildly off course also remains unanswered . Without the aircraft 's wreckage and flight recorders , investigators are struggling to piece together what happened . How flight attendants keep flying after air disasters Undersea volcanoes The search for the remains of the plane and the people on board remains primarily focused on a 60,000-square-kilometer area , roughly the size of West Virginia , in the southern Indian Ocean . An underwater search that will involve three ships is expected to start in the area next month , using a range of sophisticated sonar equipment . The process is expected to take about 12 months , Truss said . Officials hope as much searching as possible can be done in the next few months before weather conditions are likely to deteriorate , he said . Ships have already been mapping the undersea terrain in the isolated swath of ocean to help the searchers . Much of the geography of the area was previously unknown before MH370 's disappearance drew attention there . The mapping process has revealed dramatic new challenges for the search teams . The "  remarkable geographic features " discovered by the surveying include at least two volcanoes and an area where the seafloor drops away from a depth of 600 meters  1,970 feet  to 6,600 meters  21,650 feet  over a short distance , Truss said . "  It would not be safe to put the towed sonar equipment into the water if we did n't have this kind of information about the seabed , " he said . How long will the search continue ? Cost of search to be shared Truss spoke after meeting with Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai and Chinese Vice Transport Minister He Jianzhong . Liow said at the news conference that Malaysia 's financial contributions to the search will match Australia 's commitment . Australia has estimated a yearlong underwater search will cost $ 48 million . The Australian Transport Safety Bureau is overseeing the underwater search at Malaysia 's request . The majority of the people on board MH370 were Chinese . All countries involved remain "  cautiously optimistic " that the wreckage of the missing plane will be found , Truss said . Malaysian couple charged with alleged theft from MH370 passengers	Official : Airline staff tried to reach the plane by satellite phone after it dropped off radar The call failed , but later analysis has given experts a better idea of MH370 's position The Indian Ocean search zone for the missing aircraft remains the same Some areas a little to the south may be of "  particular interest , " Australian deputy PM says
Fiery asteroids smash into Earth 's atmosphere at such a stunning rate , it 's a wonder we do n't see fireballs raining down from the skies more frequently . A new NASA map from the space agency 's Near-Earth Object Program , reveals that more than 556 space rocks smashed into the atmosphere over a 20-year period between 1994 and 2013 . NASA 's Near Earth Object Program The good news is most are small and harmless fireballs that disintegrate when they hit the atmosphere , the space agency said in a press release . An obvious exception occurred on February 15 , 2013 , when an asteroid as large as 55 feet in diameter with a mass of up to 10,000 tons crashed to earth in the Urals region in Russia , streaking through the morning sky in Chelyabinsk before landing in a fiery explosion that injured more than a thousand people and caused an estimated $ 33 million in damage . Russia starts cleanup after meteor strike NASA said the Chelyabinsk asteroid was the largest to hit the Earth during the agency 's mapping period . Meteor streaks across Russian skies Meteor blast at local school Asteroids are defined by NASA as rocky bodies in space that orbit the Sun . Some of them are large enough to be considered minor planets . When pieces of an asteroid or comet break off from the main body , they 're referred to as meteroids . A meteor is actually the light that is seen in the sky when a meteoroid enters Earth 's atmosphere . A meteor shower is seen when lots of these smaller particles fall to Earth . According to NASA , meteroids are usually small , but can range "  from dust particle to boulder size . " Meteor showers put on quite a show The NEO Program helps detect and track space rocks that could cause a potential danger to Earth . "  The new data could help scientists better refine estimates of the distribution of the sizes of NEOs , " NASA explained . "  Finding and characterizing hazardous asteroids to protect our home planet is a high priority . " The space agency has increased its efforts at finding and tracking potentially dangerous space objects with the idea of developing ways to protect the Earth from one , should it ever become necessary . NASA is also developing an Asteroid Redirect Mission called ARM . In a plan that sounds a lot like science fiction , NASA wants to redirect a space rock into orbit around the moon by the 2020s so astronauts can study it more closely . The mission could also help develop ways to deflect an asteroid should one be found on a collision course for Earth . NASA 's All Sky Fireball Network	A new map shows an asteroid barrage across planet Earth NASA detection program reveals hundreds of asteroid strikes Asteroid in Chelyabinsk , Russia , was largest to impact planet during mapping NEO Program helps find potentially dangerous space rocks
CNN Student News  -- September 17 , 2014 California 's wildfire season approaches record status . President Obama asks Congress to approve additional funds to fight Ebola 's spread . NASA awards contracts to private aerospace organizations . Financial analysts consider how possible Scottish independence could impact the pound . And we explain 3D printing . There 's a lot of ground covered today on CNN Student News ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- A man accused of shooting two students at a Littleton , Colorado , middle school last week was formally charged Tuesday in the incident , according to a spokeswoman for the Jefferson County district attorney 's office . Bruco Strongeagle Eastwood , 32 , appeared via video link before Judge Thomas Vance to hear the 15 charges against him , which include attempted first-degree murder , first-degree assault , child abuse resulting in bodily injury and possession of a weapon on school grounds , district attorney spokeswoman Pam Russell said . He is being held with bond set at $ 1 million . Authorities accuse Eastwood of shooting at students outside Deer Creek Middle School on February 23 shortly after classes let out for the day . Police say he wounded two eighth-graders before being subdued by a teacher . One student , Reagan Weber , was treated and released from Littleton Adventist Hospital , according to CNN affiliate KUSA . The other , Matthew Thieu , sustained more serious injuries and was hospitalized at Denver 's Children 's Hospital . He has since been released , the hospital said Tuesday . An attorney was appointed for Eastwood , and the attorney has until March 12 to schedule a preliminary hearing , Russell said . Deer Creek is just two miles from Columbine High School , site of one of the deadliest school shootings in U.S. history , where 12 students and one teacher were gunned down in 1999 . The two gunmen , both Columbine students , then turned their guns on themselves . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	Man , 32 , accused of shooting two students February 23 at middle school in Littleton Charges against Bruco Strongeagle Eastwood include attempted murder The two wounded students have been released from hospitals Shooting took place two miles from Columbine High School , scene of 1999 rampage
CNN  -- The charismatic but unpredictable lead singer of American rock band The Doors could be about to receive a posthumous pardon almost 40 years after being convicted of exposing himself on stage . Jim Morrison had been performing with the band at a typically raucous concert at Miami 's Key Auditorium on March 1 , 1969 when the incident took place . Reportedly drunk and slurring obscenities at the crowd , he was accused of unzipping his pants and simulating a sex act , a charge he denied . Despite being acquitted of lascivious behavior and drunkenness , Morrison was convicted of indecent exposure and open profanity and sentenced to six months in jail . He was still appealing the verdict in 1971 when he died in Paris at the age of 27 . Four decades on and the outgoing Governor of Florida , Charlie Crist , has said he may consider an official let-off for the legendary hell-raiser . "  It 's something that I have n't given a lot of thought to , but it 's something I 'm willing to look into in the time I have left , " Crist told U.S. Congressional newspaper The Hill . "  Anything is possible . Stay tuned . " Doors fans have long appealed for an official pardon for Morrison , petitioning previous Florida governors without success . Many argue that the trial was a sham and that there was no conclusive evidence supporting the exposure charge against Morrison . Crist was first approached about the issue of clemency in 2007 . According to The Hill , he said he would consider it , acknowledging "  there was some doubt about how solid the case was . " But with Crist set to leave office in January after losing his bid for the Senate in the recent Midterm elections , time is running out for Morrison 's supporters as the request must be submitted by December 9 . Under state law a pardon must have the consent of the governor and at least two other members of the Florida Board of Executive Clemency . The Doors formed in Los Angeles in 1965 and comprised of Morrison on lead vocals , keyboardist Ray Manzarek , guitarist Robby Krieger and drummer John Densmore .	Jim Morrison was performing with the band in Miami on March 1 , 1969 Accused of shouting obscenities at crowd and then exposing himself Sentenced to 6 months in prison but died in 1971 with his appeal pending Outgoing Florida Governor Charlie Crist considering clemency request
CNN  -- A Cleveland man will spend the rest of his life in prison for the killings of two women in the 1990s , cases that were reinvestigated after the discovery of three women held captive nearby for years by Ariel Castro . Elias Acevedo Sr. , 49 , pleaded guilty Monday to 297 counts , including aggravated murder , rape and kidnapping , said Timothy McGinty , the Cuyahoga County prosecutor . CNN affiliate WEWS reported the charges included the two slayings , the 1993 rape of his sister-in-law and the sexual assault of three children . Acevedo cried as victims gave statement and later said he wished he could "  change everything that happened , " the station reported . "  I 'm not a monster , " he said . The plea recommendation was accepted by a Cuyahoga Common Pleas judge , a written statement from McGinty 's office said . Acevedo received two consecutive sentences of 20 years to life and 405 years for the rape and other charges . In October , the FBI 's Violent Crime Task Force -- which was looking into other suspected abductions in Cleveland after Castro was arrested -- linked Acevedo to the slaying of Christina Adkins , who disappeared in 1995 at age 18 . Remains believed to be those of Adkins were found in October in a utility vault near the intersection of interstates 71 , 90 and 490 , authorities said . Acevedo was indicted earlier this year in the 1993 rape , which occurred near where Pamela Pemberton 's body was found the next year . As part of Monday 's plea , Acevedo admitted to strangling the 30-year-old woman on October , 24 , 1994 , and leaving her body in a vacant lot . Acevedo was arrested earlier this year in the same neighborhood where authorities found Amanda Berry , Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus and Michelle Knight in May at Castro 's two-story home . Castro , who pleaded guilty to 937 counts , was found hanged with a bedsheet in his jail cell on September 3 . CNN 's Kevin Conlon and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Elias Acevedo , 49 , was charged with 297 counts , including rape and murder Acevedo pleaded guilty to strangling 30-year-old Pamela Pemberton He also was accused of killing Christina Adkins , who disappeared in 1995
EW.com  -- Welcome back to another round of EW.com 's "  American Idol " Power List -- in which I attempt to predict how America will vote for the finalists and you all disagree with me and post your own ranking , and it 's okay because none of us plebes are fortune-tellers and the only being who knows exactly what will happen is celestial mouthpiece Ryan Seacrest . Wait 'til you see where I put hair model DeAndre Brackensick  pictured  as the Top 13 head into tonight 's two-hour Whitney Houston/Stevie Wonder performance round . You 're gon na freak out ! Read through my photo gallery ranking of The Top 13 , then leave your own list in the comments ... . Annie 's Power List for March 7 , 2012 13 . Jermaine Jones 12 . Erika Van Pelt 11 . Jeremy Rosado 10 . Elise Testone 9 . Shannon Magrane 8 . DeAndre Brackensick 7 . Heejun Han 6 . Hollie Cavanagh 5 . Joshua Ledet 4 . Colton Dixon 3 . Skylar Laine 2 . Phillip Phillips Jr. . 1 . Jessica Sanchez ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ BONUS POWER LIST !!!!! Season 11 ′ s Most Popular Family Members SO FAR 6 . Schyler Dixon 5 . The cousins Jessica Sanchez dragged to the mall 4 . Shannon Magrane 's famous baseball dad 3 . Heejun Han 's dancing mom 2 . Jermaine Jones ' happily hyperventilating mama 1 . Phillip Phillips ' dad , Phillip Phillips Everyone loves to make a list . Do it ! See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Top 13 head into tonight 's Whitney Houston/Stevie Wonder performance Jermaine Jones is ranked 13th on EW.com 's "  American Idol " Power List Jessica Sanchez is ranked 1st on EW.com 's "  American Idol " Power List
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- President Obama , on the first leg of a Mideast trip , said Wednesday that he is confident the United States and Saudi Arabia can "  make progress on a whole host of issues of mutual interest . " President Obama meets with Saudi King Abdullah on Wednesday in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia . Shortly after his arrival Wednesday in Saudi Arabia , Obama and King Abdullah went to the Saudi ruler 's farm for a welcoming reception . The two leaders met privately afterward . Obama said he was "  struck by his wisdom and his graciousness . Obviously the United States and Saudi Arabia have a long history of friendship . We have a strategic relationship . " Watch Saudi officials greet Obama " "  And as I take this trip -- and I will be visiting Cairo tomorrow , I thought it was very important to come to the place where Islam began and to seek his majesty 's counsel and to discuss with him many of the issues that we confront here in the Middle East , " he added . iReport.com : A Saudi on Obama in Muslim land Obama leaves late Wednesday for Cairo , Egypt , where he is to address a mostly Muslim audience Thursday  6 a.m. ET  . His plans to improve America 's image among Muslims have been in the works since his first week in office . iReport.com : How can U.S. better relate to Muslims ? "  My job is to communicate the fact that the United States has a stake in the well-being of the Muslim world , that the language we use has to be a language of respect , " Obama said in a January interview with Al-Arabiya television network . "  I have Muslim members of my family . I have lived in Muslim countries . " When the White House announced the Mideast trip in May , spokesman Robert Gibbs described Egypt as "  a country that in many ways represents the heart of the Arab world . " Gibbs deflected questions at his daily briefing about whether Egypt was a wise choice , given President Hosni Mubarak 's resistance to making his government more democratic . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , who talked to Egyptians in Cairo to gauge their sentiments , said most of the people were eagerly awaiting the president 's visit but said some were concerned that Obama , by making Egypt the focus of his trip , could legitimize Mubarak 's 28-year rule . These Egyptians said they feared Obama might not discuss with Mubarak long-sought problems such as the need for democracy and political reform . People are looking for something palpable and concrete , Wedeman said . They would like the United States to be more engaged in resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , he said . Watch what Egyptians say they want to hear from Obama " "  What they want is results , not just words , " Wedeman said . There were visible preparations for Obama 's visit , he said . Many streets were repaved , and markets were selling T-shirts in his honor , with some reading : "  Obama : New Tutankhamen of the World . " In April , Obama chose Turkey , a more secular state , as the site of his first presidential speech to a Muslim majority nation . He told the Turkish legislature in Ankara that the "  United States is not and will never be at war with Islam . " Former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright pointed to a common theme among the many conferences she has attended with Muslim speakers : "  When the Cold War ended , America needed an enemy to replace Communism and chose Islam . " In an op-ed Tuesday in The New York Times , Albright wrote , "  How else , they ask , to explain the two Gulf wars , Afghanistan , Guantánamo and the plight of the Palestinians ? "  To support their thesis , they cite the bellicose post-9 / 11 rhetoric of U.S. officials , the Western media 's preoccupation with Muslim extremists and the plethora of pundits who have identified Islam , especially ` political Islam , ' as the leading threat to civilization in the 21st century . " iReport : Are you concerned about the way Muslims have been portrayed in recent years ? Albright said , "  To most Americans , the idea that our country is attacking Islam or that we view the Islamic faith as an enemy is absurd . " She pointed out that in the 1990s , the U.S. twice led NATO into conflicts on behalf of Muslim populations -- first in Bosnia , then in Kosovo . Not long before Obama departed on his trip , a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey suggested that more than two in five Americans , or 46 percent , have an unfavorable opinion of Muslim countries . That view is an increase of 5 percentage points from 2002 . Three in 10 Americans questioned said they had a neutral opinion . On Tuesday , Gibbs told reporters : "  I think what is important is that we demonstrate that the United States wants to pursue a different relationship and ensure that Muslims around the world understand the message of the United States . " He said , "  We have more in common than we have disagreement about , and I think that 's what he wants to ensure that the vast majority of the Muslim world hears . " Mideast expert Mamoun Fandy agrees with Egyptians who say Muslims want more than talk ; they want action . They want to hear "  that he is very serious about solving the Israeli-Arabian problem , that he is very serious about engaging the Muslim world on the basis of recognizing the equality , " Fandy said . After Egypt , Obama will visit the remains of the Buchenwald concentration camp in Dresden , Germany , on Friday . He then is scheduled to take part in D-Day ceremonies commemorating the 65th anniversary of the World War II Allied landings in Normandy , France .	NEW : President Obama says U.S. , Saudi Arabia "  have a long history of friendship " Obama wants to repair U.S. image in Mideast , Muslim community President 's speech in Egypt will call for open dialogue with Muslims Middle East observer say Muslims want to see action from Obama
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visited Tripoli on Tuesday , making her the first Cabinet-level American official to go to Libya since the ouster of longtime strongman Moammar Gadhafi . She landed under tight security in a country where forces loyal to the transitional government are still battling Gadhafi loyalists . She met with officials of the National Transitional Council and visited those wounded in the fighting . NTC fighters toppled Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year-old government in August after six months of battles . Gadhafi , his son Saif al-Islam Gadhafi and his brother-in-law and intelligence chief , Abdullah al-Sanussi , are wanted on war crimes charges and remain fugitives . Regarding Moammar Gadhafi , Clinton told reporters : "  We hope he will be captured or killed soon . " As Clinton boarded the military plane to leave for Malta on Tuesday evening , she saw several Libyan fighters , who gave her a warm welcome . After a short meet-and-greet at the airport with Malta Embassy employees , Clinton was headed for Oman . At a news conference Tuesday with Clinton , interim Libyan Prime Minister Mahmoud Jibril expressed appreciation for political , humanitarian and moral support from the United States . He said he does not plan to be part of Libya 's new government . Asked if she was concerned about civil war continuing in Libya , Clinton said she is encouraged that steps are being taken to address reconciliation and get the Libyan army and police under one command , but noted that action can not be taken with fighting still under way . On whether the United States will cooperate with Islamists , Clinton said democracy must reflect the aspirations of the Libyan people . America will support a democratic process that respects the rule of law , she said , and includes renouncing violence and giving up arms . Women in Libya should have equal rights , she said , as they sacrificed in the revolution and deserve to be part of the new Libya . Clinton then attended a town hall meeting , telling residents : "  Do n't spend your time settling scores of the past . Keep an eye on the future . ... You ca n't drive forward when looking in the rearview mirror . " She also visited a hospital and met wounded fighters , many of whom need surgeries to save their limbs . The operations are being held up by red tape and processing necessary to get out of the country for transport . She said she will try to help them . "  There are three main purposes to the secretary 's visit , " a senior State Department official said in a briefing to reporters Monday before Clinton 's arrival . "  First is simply to offer on behalf for the United States , on behalf of the American people and government , our congratulations , our best wishes to the Libyan people for what , through great hardship , sacrifice and courage , they have achieved in opening the door to a more promising future for Libya after 42 years of the Gadhafi dictatorship . " The official said Clinton and her counterpart were to announce the restarting of the Fulbright Program , an educational exchange , and English Access , an English-language program . They were to talk about a new program with Oberlin College in Ohio and archaeologists in Libya to map , document and do risk assessments of archaeological sites in eastern Libya . "  We also want to be talking to the Libyans about how to integrate Libya fully into the 21st-century world economy in transparent ways where Libya 's oil wealth is used for the benefit of all of Libya 's citizens , " the official said . In discussing economic diversification , the official mentioned "  privatizing some of the state monopolies , because much of the economy is state-owned . " "  The NTC sees privatization as being one of the engines to diversification and growth . Now many of these decisions have to wait a more permanent governing structure . The NTC is being very careful about not taking significant decisions on dismantling this or dismantling that until they are able to assure themselves of a more popular base . They 've very mindful of the fact that that T in NTC stands for transition . " The official said conventional and nonconventional weaponry in Libya is fully secured and accounted for . Clinton intended to "  talk to Libyan officials about the fact that we will be increasing our assistance on the MANPADS destruction to nearly $ 40 million ... , " the official said , referring to man-portable air-defense systems , which are shoulder-launched surface-to-air missiles . Asked about reconciliation , the official said the NTC has remarked that it would work with people who do n't have "  blood on their hands " and try to be inclusive . "  It has to be able to show that it has political credibility , that it 's able to also have places for those who actually fought for the liberation of Libya in the governing structures , " the official said . Gadhafi 's whereabouts are unknown , and the official acknowledged the existence of pro-Gadhafi enclaves . "  He has people , henchman , loyalists , sons , here and there who still have circles around them . I do n't think there 's any coordination going on between them . I think you 're having pockets of people who are trying to stop the flow of history ahead , " the official said . "  Yes , he 's a nuisance . Yes , he 's still providing problems here and there . But the Libyans are not waiting to build a better future for themselves , for their children , for their country . " Clinton also said she was pleased to see an end to the ordeal of Gilad Shalit , an Israeli soldier held captive by Palestinian militants for more than five years . Shalit was released Tuesday as part of a prisoner swap between Israel and the Palestinians . Shalit was held far too long in captivity , Clinton said . CNN 's Elise Labott is the news media pool producer for Clinton 's trip .	NEW : Hillary Clinton heads to Oman after brief stopover in Malta Clinton on Moammar Gadhafi : "  We hope he will be captured or killed soon " Clinton is the first Cabinet-level U.S. official to visit Libya since Gadhafi 's ouster National Transitional Council fighters toppled Gadhafi 's 42-year-old government in August
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , a former Taliban prisoner , on Thursday wrapped up a two-day interview with an Army investigating officer to discuss his disappearance in Afghanistan five years ago . After disappearing from his post in June 2009 , the soldier , now 28 , spent five years in the hands of Taliban militants . Bergdahl 's civilian attorney was present for the interviews . The investigation is ongoing , Army spokesman Wayne Hall said . Bergdahl attorney Eugene Fidell described Wednesday 's portion of questioning as both long and productive . "  He answered every question that was put to him , " Fidell said Wednesday about his client . "  I think it was helpful , personally , to Sgt. Bergdahl to be able to tell his story , you know , to a person in a position of responsibility without a lot of sort of intermediation by third parties . " After he was released in May in exchange for five senior Taliban members held by the U.S. military , Bergdahl underwent counseling and medical care at a hospital in San Antonio , where he is now back on regular duty at Fort Sam Houston . The news of Bergdahl 's freedom initially was met with jubilation , but the mood quickly turned as many called for an investigation into his disappearance and captivity . Some critics accused the soldier of deserting his comrades in war . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded he left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official who was briefed on the report . The Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent , something officials could n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official recently told CNN . Bergdahl works at the headquarters of U.S. Army North in Texas . He is with a unit responsible for homeland defense , civil support operations and security cooperation programs involving countries such as Canada , Mexico and the Bahamas . He will eventually be given a position commensurate with his current rank of sergeant , the Army said last month . Bergdahl was a private first class when he was captured , and the Army extended his enlistment and twice promoted him on schedule while he was in captivity . Unless he requests an extension , the investigating officer has until mid-August to complete the probe ; a report would be issued about a month later . A grateful Bowe Bergdahl ` understands that his life has been saved , ' lawyer says Bowe Bergdahl returns to regular duty	Sgt , Bowe Bergdahl undergoes Army questioning Wednesday and Thursday "  He answered every question that was put to him , " Bergdahl 's attorney says earlier The 28-year-old soldier spent five years in the hands of Taliban militants Bergdahl is back on regular duty in San Antonio
Dar es Salaam , Tanzania  CNN  -- With hundreds wearing white shirts and hats bearing President Barack Obama 's face , Tanzanians said "  karibu , " or "  welcome , " to him on Monday as they lined a street temporarily renamed Obama Avenue . Obama is in Africa to promote an increased partnership amid criticism the United States has , outside of military interests , focused its attention on other areas of the world . Tanzania is an important partner on security and development , and Obama sought to highlight its economic potential with China and other foreign governments paying more attention to it lately . Lying strategically on the coast of the Indian Ocean , Tanzania is an outlet for many landlocked neighbors and a jumping-off point for companies looking to expand commercial opportunities . It has largely untapped agricultural and mineral resources , and Obama is trying to put forward the case for African consumers and their governments to look West rather then East . "  We have got enormous opportunity to unleash the next era of African growth . I see Africa as the world 's next major economic success story and the United States wants to be a partner in that success , " Obama told a roundtable of some 20 U.S. , African and other international corporate chief executives before addressing a larger group of business leaders . He was joined at the roundtable by the heads of General Electric , Microsoft , Coca-Cola and Symbion Power Corp , which partnered with GE to build a major dam in Tanzania . But is he already too late ? China became Africa 's largest individual trading partner three years ago , surpassed only by the European Union . Earlier this year , just 10 days after taking office , Chinese President Xi Jinping made Tanzania the first stop on a three-nation Africa tour . He signed 16 trade , cultural and diplomatic accords in Tanzania alone . According to the local arm of the China-Africa business council , there are approximately 8,000 Chinese owned businesses operating in Tanzania , ranging from large-scale construction projects to small shops and market kiosks . And more Chinese citizens are flocking to seek their fortunes across Africa . "  Everyone knows that China is the factory of the world . All the big countries , including the U.S. , have their factories there , " said Hao Jianguo of the China-Africa Business Council , noting that the import-export pipeline is direct and prices favorable . "  Where there 's an opportunity for business , the businessmen find it . Our motto is , ` Follow the profit , ' " Jianguo said . Still , Obama promoted sound business practices and his own initiatives , the previously announced Power Africa , aimed at improving the continent 's power grid and the recently announced Trade Africa . The latter is a partnership between the United States and African nations intended to expand trade with countries including Tanzania , Kenya and Uganda . Trade Africa aims to double intra-regional trade in East African Community  EAC  countries and boost exports to the United States by 40 % . On Monday , the president also said his commerce secretary and other U.S. officials would visit Africa on trade missions to make good on his promises . "  I 'm making this trip early in my second term , because I intend for this to be the beginning of a new level of economic engagement with Africa , " Obama said . "  If people across this continent are just given a chance , if they 're just empowered with the skills and the resources and the capital ... they can achieve extraordinary progress . " Obama will visit Symbion on Tuesday , continuing a theme of the trip during which he has pledged an additional $ 7 billion to increase power infrastructure across the continent . Obama 's visit to Africa 's biggest economy was part of a three-nation trip that began last week and included stops in Senegal , South Africa and Tanzania . Celebratory greeting Prior to his meeting with business leaders , Obama and Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete spoke and answered questions before the vast building adorned with American and Tanzanian flags on grounds complete with peacocks . The respect between the two leaders , as well as the appreciation Kikwete has for the United States was clear . "  The people of Tanzania love you , " Kikwete said , looking at Obama . "  There has never been a visit by a head of state to Tanzania that has attracted such big crowds . " Kikwete was the first African leader Obama welcomed to the White House , a sign of the shared interests between the countries , Obama said . He noted their cooperation over health care , infrastructure , energy and job creation . "  Africa needs the United States , the United States needs Africa , " Kikwete said . At the State House in Tanzania there was a celebratory greeting for the president and first lady Michelle Obama with a band , dancers and a mass of applauding , whooping crowds lining the red carpet as the Obamas shook hands making their way to the whitewashed building . Obama , Bush on Tuesday On Tuesday Obama will join former President George W. Bush for a wreath-laying commemorating the August 1998 al Qaeda attack on the U.S. Embassy in Dar es Salaam , which killed 11 people and wounded hundreds . CNN Exclusive : Bush on Mandela , Snowden and his legacy Bush has been in Zambia to help renovate a clinic that serves as a cervical cancer screening and treatment center . Michelle Obama and Laura Bush are scheduled to attend the African First Ladies Summit , organized by the George W. Bush Institute , in Tanzania on Tuesday . Obama wrapped up his trip to South Africa on Sunday with a visit to the prison cell where anti-apartheid leader and later South African President Nelson Mandela was held and called on students to help build a new Africa . Obama : Mandela is a hero for the world CNN 's Matt Smith , Faith Karimi , Ashley Killough , Laura Smith-Spark and Nima Elbagir contributed to this report	NEW : President Barack Obama meets with business leaders , including U.S. CEOs NEW : Obama sees opportunity for Africa and says the U.S. wants to be its partner Obama will attend an embassy attack commemoration with George W. Bush on Tuesday Tanzania welcomes Obama , temporarily renames street Obama Avenue
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- For the first time in more than 40 years , dawn in Libya rose on Friday without the dictator and his shadow . Libyans awoke to empty Friday streets , typical for the holy day of the Muslim week , and engaged in somber reflection about Moammar Gadhafi 's life and death . That solemnity followed a wave of unbridled joy Thursday as people exulted over the news of Gadhafi 's death and fired their guns in celebration . After Friday prayers at the Salahaddin Mosque in Tripoli , worshippers said their imam had given thanks during his sermon for Gadhafi 's downfall . "  Today is a special day at the mosque , " said Sala Mersal after prayers . "  Since 42 years , we can not say anything . ... Nobody could say anything inside the mosque . Today it is free , and anybody can say anything they want . " A small crowd gathered outside the mosque , with bullet casings littering the streets , and chanted "  God is great " and "  One , two , three ... Libya is free ! " Amid the smiles and victory signs , Hisham Boaishi conceded that he did not approve of the "  un-Islamic way " that Gadhafi was killed . "  We would have liked to take him to court and have his judgment , " said Boaishi , 33 , an information technology specialist who sported a long beard . "  But not this way . We are Muslims ; we do n't support this way . " Not all residents of Tripoli welcomed Gadhafi 's bloody death . One young man , who asked not to be identified for fear of reprisal from anti-Gadhafi forces , said he was "  ashamed " at the way the former dictator died . He said his mother cried in front of the television Thursday night upon seeing images of the bleeding leader . "  He should have been taken to court , " the man said . "  I 'm not ashamed . I 'm proud that we captured him ... no matter how many soldiers he hired , " said Mohamed Saya , a member of the media committee for Libya 's new governing National Transitional Council . NTC officials insist shortly after his capture by rebel forces , the ousted leader was killed in a crossfire between pro- and anti-Gadhafi fighters . With Gadhafi dead , Saya said Libya 's de facto government was preparing to hold a "  Liberation Day " celebration in the eastern city of Benghazi this weekend . Benghazi was the launching point of Libya 's uprising in February . In the meantime , some Libyans continued to hold their own smaller festivities . On one Tripoli street , fighters and residents gathered beneath the tri-color banner of Libya 's anti-Gadhafi flag next to a camel they planned to slaughter in honor of the dictator 's death .	At one mosque in Tripoli , imam gives thanks for dictator 's downfall But one man said Moammar Gadhafi died in an ` un-Islamic way ' Some Libyans still celebrating with smaller festivities . Not everyone welcomed Gadhafi 's death
CNN  -- Thousands of people marched in protest through Djibouti on Friday , rallying against the ruling elite as well as economic stagnation within the small African nation . "  The march was peaceful and diverse , " said Aly Verjee , director of the international election observation mission to Djibouti , who witnessed the event . But riot police charged the crowd after the call to evening prayers , shooting canisters of tear gas at the demonstrators , he said . Protests in Djibouti , located along the Horn of Africa , began in late January and echo many of the same sentiments brewing among demonstrators protesting governments across North Africa and the Middle East . Protesters have called for President Ismail Omar Guelleh -- whose family has ruled the country since its independence from France in 1977 -- to step down ahead of the elections scheduled in April . On Friday , protesters marched to the main stadium in the city-state . Guelleh has held the post since 1999 and is seeking a third term . ` It was much larger than previous protests , " Verjee said . Djibouti is a tiny country , but important to Western interests as it houses a U.S. Navy and French Navy base vital for the fight against Somali piracy and for monitoring neighboring Somalia . Djibouti 's strategic importance to the United States is substantial . It 's home to Camp Lemonnier , the only U.S. military base on the continent . The 88-acre former French military barracks is used as a staging ground for U.S. counterterrorism efforts including , reportedly , CIA drone attacks on al Qaeda terrorists . The facility is the headquarters for the Combined Joint Task Force-Horn of Africa . More than 2,000 military personnel are stationed at Camp Lemonnier . They include members of the U.S. Army 218th Field Artillery Regiment and the Marine 9th Provisional Security Force . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	Riot police responded with tear gas , witness says Protesters are calling for the resignation of the president President Guelleh and his family have ruled the country for 34 years Djibouti is home to a major U.S. military base
CNN  -- The heatwave may have passed at the Australian Open but in its place came shockwaves as women 's title favourite Serena Williams crashed out . The American world No. 1 melted under pressure from resurgent Serbian Ana Ivanovic in the fourth round Sunday . Williams , who was chasing a sixth Australian Open crown and an 18th career grand slam , blamed the shock 6-4 3-6 3-6 defeat on an error-strewn display . "  I made a tremendous amount of errors , shots I missed I normally do n't miss , I have n't missed since the Eighties , " Williams told reporters . "  I 'm just not used to missing those shots . "  I just made way , way , a lot of unforced errors . "  I know for a fact I can play so much better than what I did today , so with that , knowing that , I 'm not disappointed or anything . I just know that I can play ten times better . " Williams refused to blame a back injury for her defeat although the 32-year-old did reveal that she had considered quitting the opening grand slam of the year before her match against Ivanovic . "  I almost pulled out , " explained Williams , who last lost a match in August . "  I 'm such a competitor . I mean , I probably should have . "  Maybe I was n't the best physically , but that had nothing to do with it . I do n't want to blame anything . "  I feel like Ana deserves all the credit . I feel she played unbelievable today . " Victory for Ivanovic is a major boost for the 2008 French Open champion who is trying to get her career back on track after several seasons plagued by big-match nerves , serving troubles and a series of injuries . The 26-year-old told CNN 's Open Court last month that she had effectively pressed the re-set button ahead of the 2014 season , swapping British coach Nigel Sears for new coach and hitting partner Nemanja Kontic . "  I 've been working really hard , " said Ivanovic , who last reached a grand slam quarterfinal at the 2012 U.S Open . "  I have a new team with me since Wimbledon and it 's a Serbian team for me for the first time . " The restructure appears to be working as Ivanovic won a warm-up tournament in Auckland -- incidentally beating Venus Williams -- before notching up her first-ever win over Williams ' younger sister Serena . Asked by reporters in Melbourne what the difference was between this match and her previous encounters with Williams , she said : "  Well , I actually believed . I had some confidence coming into today 's match . "  This victory means so much to me . All the hard work , it 's paying off . "  I had very tough fourth round matches in a grand slam , and this was probably the toughest of tough . I just went out there to play . I had nothing to lose . "  To have that victory , you know , it 's amazing . We all know what kind of champion she is . " Ivanovic goes on to meet Canadian Eugenie Bouchard in the quarterfinals and , after her giant-slaying performance against Williams , the Serbian 14th seed might just feel she has a chance of going all the way . In the men 's draw , Ivanovic 's childhood friend Novak Djovkovic eased into the quarterfinals with a straightforward 6-3 6-0 6-2 win over another close pal Italian Fabio Fognini . Djokovic , who said he had managed to watch two sets of Ivanovic 's match before taking to the court , faces Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka next , who took him to five sets in the fourth round of last year 's Aussie Open . "  I have to be ready to play another 12-10 in the fifth like last year , " Djokovic said . "  I know that he 's playing the tennis of his life in the last 15 months . "  You can not expect a clear favorite in that match . " In the same half of the draw , Czech Tomas Berdych also advanced to the quarterfinals where he meets Spanish third seed David Ferrer .	Serena Williams out of the Australian Open after fourth round defeat Serbian Ana Ivanovic beats American world No. 1 4-6 6-3 6-3 Williams blames her loss on a "  tremendous amount of errors " In the men 's draw , Novak Djokovic sets up quarterfinal against old foe Stanislas Wawrinka
Editor 's note : This story is based on interrogation reports that form part of the prosecution case in the forthcoming trial of six Belgian citizens charged with participation in a terrorist group . Versions of those documents were obtained by CNN from the defense attorney of one of those suspects . The statement by Bryant Vinas was compiled from an interview he gave Belgian prosecutors in March 2009 in New York and was confirmed by U.S. prosecutors as authentic . The statement by Walid Othmani was given to French investigators and was authenticated by Belgian prosecutors . Al Qaeda recruits say they received training in how to handle rockets , explosives and bombs . CNN  -- The interrogations of two accused Westerners who say they trained and fought with al Qaeda in the Pakistan-Afghanistan border region provide an inside view of the terror group 's organizational structures . Arguably , they shed more light on the state of al Qaeda than any material previously released into the public domain . The documents reveal training programs and the protective measures the terrorist organization has taken against increasingly effective U.S. missile strikes . Bryant Vinas -- a U.S. citizen who says he traveled to Pakistan in September 2007 to fight against Americans in Afghanistan -- stated that between March and July 2008 he attended three al Qaeda training courses , which focused on weapons , explosives , and rocket-based or - propelled weaponry . During these classes , attended by 10-20 recruits , Vinas was taught how to handle a large variety of weapons and explosives , some of them of military grade sophistication , according to his account . Read how al Qaeda is now operating Vinas stated he became familiar with seeing , smelling and touching different explosives such as TNT , as well as plastic explosives such as RDX , Semtex , C3 and C4 -- the explosive U.S. authorities have stated was used in al Qaeda 's attack on the USS Cole in 2000 . Vinas also learned how to make vests for suicide bombers . Vinas stated he was also instructed how to prepare and place fuses , how to test batteries , how to use voltmeters and how to build circuitry for a bomb . Read how Vinas met with al Qaeda leaders According to his account , al Qaeda also offered a wide variety of other courses including electronics , sniper , and poisons training . Instruction in the actual construction of bombs , he stated , was offered to al Qaeda recruits who had become more advanced in their training . Vinas ' training during this period was very similar to the training described by members of a French-Belgian group who also spent time in the tribal areas of Pakistan in 2008 . Walid Othmani , a French recruit , stated the group were given explosives training and taught how to fire rocket launchers and RPGs . Othmani provided French interrogators with an account of his time in Pakistan after being arrested on his return to Europe . Three other members of his group are now in Belgian custody awaiting trial for "  participation in a terrorist group . " Belgian prosecutors told CNN Othmani has been charged in France with participation in a criminal conspiracy with the aim of preparing a terrorist act . A Belgian legal document detailing his interrogation report was obtained by CNN . Like Vinas , Othmani said the group had been required to sign forms before their training . Othmani stated his group was required to pledge absolute obedience to their handlers and indicate whether they wanted to become suicide bombers . Othmani provided interesting new details about the training facilities being used by al Qaeda in the tribal areas . His group trained in a small mountain shack , a far cry from the large camps al Qaeda had run in Taliban-era Afghanistan , when it had been able to operate with little danger of being targeted by military strikes . Othmani 's account made clear that al Qaeda has had to decentralize its operations in Pakistan in response to the growing effectiveness of U.S. Predator strikes . However the wide number of training courses described by both Vinas and Othmani suggest that al Qaeda has been able to adapt well to the new security environment . By operating a larger number of smaller facilities , al Qaeda would also appear to have increased its resilience to attack . Read how al Qaeda is looking for Western targets While the classrooms are safer from drone attacks than the pre-9 / 11 sessions on the mountainsides the content seems to have changed to match new targeting plans . Suicide vest and IED construction show how the curriculum is being modified for today 's combat with U.S. troops in Afghanistan . Making and handling explosives , as well as fuse construction , show the sessions may also be geared for killing in Europe and the United States . These are the very skills the July 7 , 2005 London bombers Shehzad Tanweer and Mohammed Siddique Khan came to Pakistan to learn . Al Qaeda , it would seem , may still want to pull off the spectacular attack in Europe or the United States . Vinas says he took a course in propelled weaponry with Hicham Bouhali Zrioul , a former taxi driver in Brussels , Belgium , whom he first met in March 2008 and formed a friendship with . Vinas stated that when they completed their training , Al Qaeda instructors did a written evaluation of their performance . Vinas had been judged qualified to participate in missile attacks against U.S. and NATO bases in Afghanistan , according to his account . That suggests al Qaeda has maintained its capacity for administration and paperwork even in a harsher security environment . When their training finished in the summer of 2008 , Vinas and Zrioul lived in the same house in the mountains of Waziristan . Zrioul managed to acquire a computer which he rigged up to watch jihadist videos . During a mountain walk with Zrioul one day , Vinas says he was told about a new course being taught by al Qaeda called "  international operations " set up by al Qaeda 's head of international operations whom Vinas later identified as Abu Hafith . Hafith , he stated , was responsible for recruitment and direction of terrorist cells , and attacks outside Pakistan and Afghanistan . Hafith was identified by his initials in the legal document but CNN obtained his name from a source briefed on the case . He is believed to be still at large in the Pakistan-Afghan border area . Vinas was told that the training course that Hafith set up focused on kidnapping and assassination , including instruction on the use of silencers and how to break into and enter a property . The revelations raise the possibility that al Qaeda was developing a program of targeted assassinations . Though al Qaeda has carried out some assassinations in the past , most of its attacks in the West have not targeted any particular individuals but crowded areas , such as mass transport . According to Othmani , al Qaeda fighters totaled between 300-500 in Pakistan 's Tribal Areas -- spread out in groups of 10 . Such decentralization was a function of the growing deadliness of U.S. Predator strikes . Hicham Beyayo , a Belgian jihadist volunteer , said the group moved around a lot because such strikes were known to be "  very effective , " his lawyer Christophe Marchand , told CNN . The loss of an increasing number of operatives , stated Othmani , prompted an order from al Qaeda 's top command for fighters to remain inside as much as possible . In order to keep in touch , jihadists operated a courier service across the region , according to the Frenchman 's testimony . The decentralization of al Qaeda 's structures appears to have created some costs for recruits . Two members of the Belgian-French group now in custody describe feeling increasingly cut off , bored , and fed up with the primitive living conditions in their mountain shacks , according to documents obtained by CNN and the defense lawyer of one of those charged . They often did not seem to know what their next orders would be or where their handlers would take them . They also described being deeply frustrated at being repeatedly given false promises that they would be able to fight in Afghanistan . Othmani also described the group 's frustration at having to pay for their own weapons and training -- at a cost of 1,300 euros each  about $ 1,800  -- which if true might lend credence to reports that al Qaeda has come under financial strain . Vinas , for his part , made no mention of having to make payments to his handlers . Vinas and Othmani 's accounts also suggest that al Qaeda may be having leadership problems . While able to find fresh recruits to replace those killed and arrested , the group seems to have more difficulty replacing senior military trainers and other key operational figures . A former U.S. government official , specializing in counter-terrorism , commented that the insider accounts suggest the same people are leading training as a decade ago . The only difference , there are fewer of them .	Al Qaeda recruit tells of weapons and explosives training courses Group trained in a small mountain shack -- a far cry from large Afghan camps Al Qaeda also offered electronics , sniper , and poisons training courses Some sessions could be geared for killing in Europe and United States
Beijing  CNN  -- The foreign invasion of China 's professional football league reached fever pitch this week with the announcement that former Chelsea forward Didier Drogba will play with the Shanghai Shenhua team next season . "  Drogba will be the highest profile player to join the China Super League , " said Titan sports commentator Yan Qiang . "  He is going to get about 12 million euro  US$ 15 million  per season , the highest salary ever offered by China sport . " This continues the spending spree on foreign coaches and players by Chinese tycoons who have been acquiring sports teams for commercial and branding purposes . Last year reigning champions Guangzhou Evergrande imported a South American superstar who led the team to the championship . In May , the team pulled off another coup by securing the services of World Cup-winning Italian Coach Marcello Lippi . Bankrolled by Zhu Jun , a charismatic tycoon who co-owns Nine City , an online games company , Shenhua has been languishing near the bottom of the China Super League , with only three wins in 13 games . Chinese soccer : Vanity project or emerging superpower ? Drogba , 34 , will join his former Chelsea teammate Nicolas Anelka in the attacking line of the Shanghai team . Drogba says he decided to move to Shanghai to experience a new culture , promote Chinese football around the world , and further improve China-Africa relations . "  When Chelsea went to China last year , we had a great time and met some amazing fans , " he wrote on his personal website . Football is considered the No. 1 spectator sport in China . Large crowds go to games and even larger audiences watch televised games featuring teams in professional leagues at home and in Italy , Germany and Britain . But interest in soccer has waned in recent years . This is partly due to the scandals that have plagued the "  beautiful game . " Last week , two former top officials of China 's football association and four ex-members of the national team were convicted of corruption and match-fixing . They were sentenced to long prison terms . Poor performances by China 's national teams have n't helped the cause either . China has repeatedly failed to qualify for the World Cup , prompting popular frustration and anger . In 2010 , after the game that doomed China 's chances of qualifying for the World Cup , a local newspaper ran a large , bold black headline , "  The National Soccer Team Lost Again . We Have Nothing to Say . " That year , China was ranked 84th in the world , just ahead of Mozambique . There has been little progress since then . In November last year , Team China was again eliminated from their 2014 World Cup qualifying group . Qualification for the World Cup remains an elusive goal , and the fans are not happy . I have seen Chinese soccer fans get angry when their team loses . In May 1985 , minutes after an underdog Hong Kong team knocked China out of contention for the 1986 World Cup , hundreds of angry fans stormed onto the field and besieged the winning team -- and the home team . Outside the Beijing stadium , mobs went on a rampage , smashing vehicles and attacking journalists and diplomats . It was the worst sports riot in decades . Some China-watchers suggested it was a cathartic release of pent-up emotions over social and political controls and other complaints , coupled with an ugly display of jingoism . Others viewed it as evidence of simple fans ' disappointment at their national team . With no home team to root for , Chinese fans have turned to other teams overseas -- or to local teams featuring international idols . "  I bought Drogba to make supporters happy , " Shenhua owner Zhu Jun wrote in his microblog . "  I believe his professionalism is not just on the field -- his other strengths will also have a great impact on other players . His values are many , he has an international vision as well as international recognition . " Fans hailed the move . "  It is a good thing for Chinese football and fans , " wrote microblogger Jiaojiandefengzi . "  Big-shot players will definitely improve attendance in stadiums , boost ratings and bring considerable commercial benefits . " It is not a novel idea . In 1975 , Brazilian super-hero Pele signed with the New York Cosmos and for years he gave the nascent professional soccer scene in the U.S. massive publicity and a significant boost in popularity . In 2007 , David Beckham left Real Madrid to join Major League Soccer team LA Galaxy . Beckham , then 31 , signed a multi-year , multi-million-dollar deal that included sponsorship and merchandising contracts . "  They worked in the sense that everyone made a lot of money , and they helped raise the profile of soccer in America and the U.S. league abroad , " said Sports Illustrated writer Grant Wahl . "  There 's no magic bullet , however . The U.S. league is still growing , but slowly , " he added . But sports analysts wonder if importing big-name stars necessarily boost the teams commercially or competitively . Yan Qiang says it made sense for Guangzhou 's Evergrande team . "  They were doing the Manchester City model , " he explained . "  They made huge investment into the first team to gain instant result on the pitch and thus promote Evergrande 's brand in China and Asia . " But Yan finds Shanghai 's strategy off-target . "  Shanghai is a weak team , even though the club has some pedigree . Signing Drogba and Anelka would not make Shanghai a top team because it takes more than two world-class strikers to make a powerful team . " To give China 's soccer a genuine boost , Yan said , "  the key is grassroots participation and youth development . " Jiang Yi , the managing editor of Sports Illustrated China , said importing big names "  is only good for Chinese sports if more big businesses and rich entrepreneurs wanted to get involved with sports in China . The reality is , however , that many of them do n't want to . " Commercial goals aside , David Pan , formerly a professional basketball player in China and now a business professor at Prince Sultan University in Saudi Arabia , believes getting Drogba is largely a vanity project . "  I think it is a stunt for Shanghai to reposition its city 's image in China and the world in the post-Yao Ming era . " Pan likens it to the concept of bringing Formula 1 racing to Shanghai , which over the years has failed to gain popular and commercial appeal . "  I voiced my concern but they went ahead anyway , " he said . "  Looking back , it 's clear that the F1 race track was only for face-lifting of Shanghai . " Still , Pan adds , "  with sophisticated planning and marketing schemes , perhaps it could serve as a steroid to jump-start the fan 's interest in football . "  The problem is , the fans lack a connection with soccer because of its credibility issue . The soccer league is a mirror of the worst in China , as evidenced in the news reports on corruption . " Perhaps microblogger Huxiaopanjin puts China 's soccer conundrum most poignantly : "  I 've often seen kids playing on cement ground , " he wrote . "  Some of them may have superstar quality but they are unfortunately born in China . "  China has plenty of money but nobody would even build one small field for the kids to play on . Stars can temporarily save the market but contribute little to the future of Chinese football . "	Former Chelsea forward Didier Drogba will join Shanghai Shenhua next season Chinese tycoons are spending big on foreign coaches and players Football is considered the number one spectator sport in China However support is waning due to corruption scandals , poor performance
CNN  -- "  We 're ready to take control " confirms Bob Fraser , a well-seasoned pilot who has been flying for 37 years . "  And proceed , " replies flight test engineer Duncan Casey . Fraser and Casey are looking at computer display screens , tracking the position of a modified BAE Jetstream 31 aircraft flying north towards Scotland -- but there is one vital difference . Casey is high in the sky while Fraser has his feet firmly on the ground . Casey is one of the flight test engineers onboard the test aircraft equipped with state-of-the-art drone technology along with the two pilots in the cockpit for the take-off and landing phases . After taking-off and climbing to an altitude of 7,000 feet , the pilots hand over to the flight test engineers who in turn hand over to Fraser . Fraser is responsible for navigating the aircraft on a pre-planned route . Calmly in front of his computer , he taps in coordinates to make the plane turn left and right , clearing it with air traffic control as any other pilot onboard would do . "  Flying an unmanned vehicle is not as much fun as flying a normal aircraft , however it has a lot of similar challenges , " explained Fraser from the comfort of his armchair cockpit . See also : The rise of zombie airports BAE Systems granted CNN exclusive access to one of their test flights in early July , allowing passengers aboard for the first time in the process . At the time of filming , the plane had already racked up 480 flight hours using specialist drone technology developed over the past six years as part of the $ 94 million ASTRAEA program . The project has brought together a consortium of six companies , BAE Systems , QinetiQ , Thales , Rolls Royce , Cobham and AOS . With increased automation in the cockpit , hopes are high that planes like those controlled by Fraser can fly further and longer . For those at the cutting edge of the industry , this is an exciting milestone . "  It 's probably the next major step in aviation , it 's a bit like introducing the jet engine , " said ASTRAEA program director , Lambert Dopping-Hepenstal . "  It 's a new branch of aviation all together . " "  Next  we 've got to find ways of introducing technology to replace the man on the aircraft and indeed amending the regulations . All the  current  regulations assume a pilot to be onboard the aircraft and that 's the way it 's been for the past 100 years or so . " BAE Systems and partners need to prove to regulators that it is possible for unmanned aircraft to fly safely in commercial airspace . "  As industry , we 'd like a full set of regulations to build something to . The regulators would like us to show them a product . The problem is , because there is a big gap between our understanding of manned aircraft and unmanned aircraft , we somehow have got to work together to bridge that gap and that 's what the ASTRAEA programme is all about , " says Dopping-Hepenstal . However unmanned passenger flights are unlikely to be taking-off in the near future at least . Instead , Dopping-Hepenstal believes the technology could first be adopted for cargo flights and for aircraft operating during hazardous emergencies such as wildfires . These developments could then be fed back into military design and used to make commercial aircraft safer . See also : How to travel using apps not maps The technology tested by BAE Systems could also be transferred to other industries outside aviation . "  We are only limited by the power of our imagination with this technology and capability , " said Ruth Mallors , Director of the Aerospace Knowledge Transfer Network  AKTN  . "  What is important  is  that drones are not just airborne , they are water and land based too ... . the Mars Rover is an autonomous vehicle in many aspects . "  There are many capabilities that are crying out for this technology -- agriculture , surveillance , inspection regimes -- but the breakthroughs will be where we discover applications of the technology not yet thought through . " For seasoned pilots such as Fraser , however , the potential of this technology is about far more than the prospect of a profitable new industry . " I think there will be a number of people for instance who ca n't fly  now  -- they 're airsick or wheelchair-bound -- they 're not capable of being in the air . For them this will be an exciting future . "	CNN goes aboard a modified BAE Jetstream 31 test aircraft as it flies above northern England The aircraft is manned by a crew in the sky but controlled by a pilot on the ground Unmanned flight is an exciting milestone for those at the cutting edge of the aviation industry
CNN  -- Bill Cosby has dominated headlines for much of the last month as accusations of sexual assault pile up . More than a dozen women have accused Cosby , many of whom say he drugged them first . Their stories paint a starkly different picture of the man beloved by millions as Dr. Huxtable -- the sweet , sweater-wearing father on the sitcom , "  The Cosby Show . " The 77-year-old comedian has denied some of the allegations and refused to discuss others . He has never been prosecuted . Here 's the latest on the controversy : What are the allegations against Cosby ? At least 15 women are speaking out to various media outlets accusing Cosby of sexual misconduct . They include 12 women who either CNN has spoken to or read court documents about , who have spoken on camera about their allegations or whose alleged attacks have been addressed by Cosby 's attorney . Among the latest accusers is former supermodel Janice Dickinson . She told "  Entertainment Tonight " that Cosby assaulted her in 1982 after the two had dinner in Lake Tahoe . She alleges he gave her a pill and a glass of red wine shortly before she passed out . "  The last thing I remember was Bill Cosby in a patchwork robe , dropping his robe and getting on top of me . And I remember a lot of pain , " she said . Why are we talking about them now ? The stories of Cosby 's purported crimes have been around for about a decade , but they recently got new life when a comedian took aim at him and a social media stunt inviting fans to meme the comic went awry . In late October , Hannibal Buress bluntly attacked what he perceived as Cosby 's "  smuggest old black man public persona " by saying , "  Yeah , but you rape women , Bill Cosby , so turn the crazy down a couple notches . ' I do n't curse onstage . ' Well , yeah , you 're  a  rapist , so I 'll take you saying lots of m ***** f ***** s on ` Bill Cosby : Himself ' if you were n't a rapist . " Earlier this month , Cosby -- or whoever was in charge of his social media -- put out a challenge with a jovial picture of Cosby in a cap : "  Go ahead . Meme me ! #cosbymeme . " The Internet immediately reacted . "  Claire , have you seen my ... nevermind , found my raping hat ! " tweeted Trill Withers over the cap picture . "  My two favorite things -- Jell-O pudding & rape , " tweeted E.J. Coughlin over a photo of Cosby smiling . Cosby 's original tweet was quickly pulled from the Web , which led to this conclusion from Jensen Karp : "  If anyone is looking for a job , the Social Media Manager position for @BillCosby is about to open up . " What has Cosby said about the allegations ? He 's been mostly mum . When an NPR reporter gave him a chance to deny the allegations , Cosby provided an awkward moment of radio silence , refusing to answer the question . Given the same chance by The Associated Press , he offered no comment . When the interview concluded , he told a reporter that asking him about the allegations was a mark of low integrity and said he 'd be appreciative if that portion of the interview was "  scuttled . " Cosby offered an explanation for his silence Friday , when he told Florida Today he was n't going to respond to "  innuendos , " referring to the women 's accusations . "  I know people are tired of me not saying anything , but a guy does n't have to answer to innuendos . People should fact-check . People should n't have to go through that and should n't answer to innuendos , " he told the newspaper in a backstage interview before his sellout performance at the King Center for the Performing Arts in Melbourne . A lawyer for Cosby has called the increasing number of claims of sexual assault against the legendary comedian "  ridiculous " and said the media should stop airing "  unsubstantiated , fantastical stories . " Martin D. Singer said in a written statement sent to CNN that it defies common sense that "  so many people would have said nothing , done nothing , and made no reports to law enforcement or asserted civil claims if they thought they had been assaulted over a span of so many years . " What 's been the fallout for him ? The accusations have taken their toll on Cosby 's earnings and reputation . Netflix postponed a stand-up comedy special . It was filmed before a live audience in July and scheduled to premiere the day after Thanksgiving . The company did not elaborate , issuing a statement that said only , "  At this time we are postponing the launch of the new stand-up comedy special ` Bill Cosby 77 . ' " NBC also decided against moving forward with a Cosby project . The network said last week that it opted to stop developing the comedy show , which was billed this summer as a "  classic , big extended-family sitcom " revolving around Cosby . "  We can confirm that the Cosby project is no longer in development , " NBC said . Finally , TV Land , one of the networks that have reruns of "  The Cosby Show " in their lineups , quietly removed the sitcom from its programming schedule . TV Land also deleted the sitcom page from its website . The channel did not respond to requests for comment about the disappearance of the show . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Todd Leopold , Steve Almasy and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	At least 15 women are speaking out , accusing Cosby of sexual misconduct The comedian has either denied or declined to address the allegations His projects and reputation have taken a serious hit
