CNN  -- Startup . The term , near ubiquitous in our app-consuming , fully Facebooked world , is one that did n't truly enter the lexicon until the 1990s , when Wall Street took a bow to Silicon Valley and the palate of professional possibility became wired and well-connected . Much has changed since then . Gone are the days when any 20-something with a computer science degree could dream of a bidding war for their talents , followed by a six-figure salary and free lattes in offices where chair massages and nap rooms are the norm . No longer do investors throw millions at anything with dotcom at the end of its name , and many of those early pioneers -- who gambled that we were ready to buy pet supplies or order our groceries from an awkward adolescent called the internet -- are no more . But the spirit lives on , in dorm rooms and garages , shared offices and coffee shops with WiFi . It 's a fragmented , competitive and constantly changing world . But in 2013 , the state of the startup is strong . Today , CNN Tech highlights that world with CNN 10 : Startups . Our inaugural list looks at 10 emerging companies we think are poised to make a splash in the coming months with new and innovative ideas in fields such as medicine , computing , transportation and video games . Now more than ever , computing and technology move fast , and the best technology startups are the ones that get in on a trend before it blows up . There are a few hot categories on the horizon for consumer technology , including collaborative consumption and the sharing economy , the so-called Internet of Things , crowdsourcing , 3-D printing and the maker movement . Older institutions like education , finance and health care are also undergoing big changes , with online courses , BitCoin and peer-to-peer lending . The biggest venture capital firms in Silicon Valley are busy putting money into promising startups making their mark in these fields . Services that tap into the sharing economy are closest to being mainstream . Ride-sharing service Lyft , home-rental site Airbnb and labor marketplace TaskRabbit , are taking off around the world , catching on one city at a time . These startups are focused on using resources more efficiently -- filling empty car seats , bedrooms and hours of the day in exchange for money . "  Most people on all of the services are both hosts and users , so it 's a two-way market , which makes this very exciting , " said Brian Singerman of the Founders Fund , a San Francisco venture capital firm . "  This is for the masses ; it 's not just for rich people who want to use a service . " Some of the startup world 's cooler emerging gadgets fall under the umbrella of the Internet of Things . Smaller sensors mean that everyday objects will soon be collecting data about your life and habits . This category already has some big successes , like the Nest smart thermostat and wearable fitness devices . The field is still young , but it will grow exponentially as more objects get connected . "  The value of a fax machine is more valuable when another fax machine gets on the network , " said Navin Chaddha of the Mayfield Fund . "  Massive opportunities are going to be created . " The way we use and interact with our computers is also changing , with devices that use gestures and movement to control what 's on a screen , like the MYO wristband and the Leap Motion controller . "  What Leap Motion is trying to do is make the interface between man and machine disappear , " said Singerman , whose company is an investor in Leap . In 2013 , though , a successful startup might be one you 'll never hear about . Chris Dixon , of Andreessen Horowitz , says historically 80 % of venture capital investments are in enterprise technology -- the companies that build the behind-the-scenes technology like networks and storage . You do n't hear about these companies as much because they can be technically complicated , but without them the consumer apps , services and gadgets would n't exist . For these companies , a happy ending may be when the Oracles , Googles , Facebooks and Microsofts of the world come calling , offering a big-dollar buyout . But nothing is certain in startups . For every Mark Zuckerberg in a dorm room or pair of Steves  Wozniak and Jobs  in a garage , there are many ventures that , despite good ideas and hard work , never take hold . And it could be a while before even the best products being developed today show up in a Best Buy or the hottest tech trends have any meaningful impact on the lives of the average consumer . "  One of the hardest things in technology , " said Dixon , "  is predicting when these things are going to happen . "	In 2013 , the startup world is competitive , fragmented and fast moving Internet-enabled devices , wearable tech are hot trends Motion control and other new ways of interacting with computers also emerging With CNN 10 : Startups , CNN Tech highlights emerging companies
CNN  -- The Israeli Ministry of Construction and Housing has issued tenders for the building of 1,877 settlement units in the West Bank and Jerusalem . A spokesman for the minister of housing said new projects have been announced and will be published Sunday . "  The notices are for builders to bid on contracts to construct projects , " spokesman Arik Ben Shimon said . In a statement , Israeli settlement watch group , Peace Now , said the move is a blow to the efforts by U.S. Secretary of State , John Kerry , to work out a framework agreement for the resumption of negotiations between Palestinians and Israelis . "  A government that issues tenders for almost 1,900 housing units is fooling its own public , the Palestinians leadership , the international community and especially the U.S. Secretary of State , who has just recently left the region , " Peace Now said in a statement . Since the beginning of Kerry 's efforts , Israel has issued new tenders for 5,349 settlement units . Of the total , 2,258 are to be built in the West Bank and 3,091 in East Jerusalem , Peace Now said . "  The current Israeli government under  Prime Minister Benjamin  Netanyahu has issued tenders for 11,047 settlement units in East Jerusalem and the West Bank , and were promoted through different stages , " said Lior Amihai , acting director for Peace Now . Marc Regev , a spokesman for the Prime Minister , said they have yet to receive any reaction from the United States . "  The only thing we are saying is that the tender speaks for itself , " he said . Palestinian officials said the announcement was a "  slap in the face for all those who are trying to make peace . " "  This is a deliberate attempt by the Israeli government to torpedo and destroy Kerry 's efforts , " said Palestinian chief negotiator , Sa'eb Erekat . "  As much as Mr. Kerry intensifies his efforts to achieve peace , Netanyahu intensifies his efforts to torpedo Kerry 's efforts . This is a total destructive policy towards peace . " He called on the U.S. to hold Israel accountable .	It issues tenders for the building of 1,877 settlement units "  The notices are for builders to bid on contracts to construct projects , " spokesman says Palestinian officials say the announcement is a "  slap in the face "
CNN  -- The University of North Carolina has brought on a former U.S. attorney to conduct an independent investigation of academic irregularities at the Chapel Hill campus . Kenneth L. Wainstein , a 19-year veteran of the U.S. Justice Department , will have access to "  new information that may become available , " UNC system President Tom Ross and UNC-Chapel Hill Chancellor Carol L. Folt said in a joint announcement Friday . The appointment of Wainstein by the university system comes amid increased national scrutiny on the matter . The institution has been under the microscope for two years , ever since the revelation that students -- mostly athletes -- were taking classes where little or no work was required . Renewed scrutiny came this year when CNN published findings from whistle-blower Mary Willingham that showed 8 % of a sample of UNC students playing the money-making college sports of football and basketball were reading below a third-grade level . The announcement Friday said Wainstein will have access to information from local District Attorney Jim Woodall . The prosecutor has been investigating UNC 's Department of African and Afro-American Studies -- the department where fake classes were uncovered . Late last year , the former head of that department was indicted on fraud charges related to those classes . "  Woodall has indicated that he will cooperate with the inquiry and that he can now share with the independent counsel as much information acquired by his office during the criminal investigation as determined to be appropriate , " the joint statement said . The prestigious public university has repeatedly attacked the credibility of Willingham , but has also acknowledged shortcomings in its academics . "  I think that it is amazing , " Willingham said when asked about the new outside investigation . " ... The truth has been available all this time . Truth is cheap , compared to whitewash and lies . " The UNC statement said Wainstein 's finding will be made public . "  Based on information that the district attorney is able to offer , Wainstein will take any further steps necessary to address any questions left unanswered during previous reviews commissioned by the university , " the UNC press release said . "  While there is no set timetable for completing the inquiry , the university will cooperate fully with Wainstein and ensure he has the full access he needs to complete his work . ... " UNC has done several other internal investigations since The News & Observer newspaper first broke the story about the fake classes . Each time , the findings have raised more questions . Among them , the question of who came up with the idea for the fake classes , and how so many athletes were directed toward them . Initially , the university denied that athletics was tied to the scandal , and the NCAA declined to take any action against the university , saying it was an academic scandal , not an athletic one . Officials now appear to be backing away from that claim and leaving open the possibility that there was a stronger athletic tie . "  We have directed Mr. Wainstein to ask the tough questions , " Folt said . "  Follow the facts wherever they lead , and get the job done . "	University hires independent counsel to look into irregularities Wainstein worked for Justice Department for two decades CNN highlighted ongoing problems with student-athlete literacy
Ercis , Turkey  CNN  -- Nearly three days after a massive earthquake shook eastern Turkey , rescuers pulled two more survivors from collapsed buildings Wednesday . The quake and its aftermath killed at least 471 people and injured at least 1,650 others , the Turkish Disaster and Emergency Relief Agency said in a statement on its website . In the latest rescue , emergency crews pulled a 27-year-old teacher from debris 67 hours after the quake hit , the Turkish state news agency Anadolu reported . The teacher , Gozde Bahar , had difficulty breathing and was taken to a hospital for treatment . Eyup Erdem , 18 , was pulled from a collapsed building where he had been trapped for almost 61 hours and was taken to a field hospital , the semi-official Anatolian news agency reported . No more information was immediately available on either of the rescues , which occurred in the town of Ercis in the province of Van . They came a day after crews pulled a baby , her mother and her grandmother alive from the rubble . The father of 2-week-old Azra Karaduman remained trapped beneath the rubble , officials said . Crews pulled four bodies from the debris after her rescue , but did not say whether they included the infant 's father . Working in temperatures in the 40s  single digits Celsius  , teams of rescuers have scoured the ruins for survivors since Sunday 's 7.2-magnitude earthquake . In the town of Guvecli near the Syrian border , the last of the funerals were held Wednesday for the 15 people who died in the town of approximately 2,000 residents . Eighty percent of the 200 buildings were destroyed in the quake and the others were rendered uninhabitable , officials said . Residents were spending the nights crowded into tents , which were in short supply . Residents said aid was arriving sporadically . In Ankara , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan vowed that the eastern province would be rebuilt . He said 16 planes carrying search-and-rescue teams arrived in the region during the first two days after the earthquake and that 3,755 public personnel , 422 nongovernmental organization workers , 595 search-and-rescue vehicles and 860 health teams had been sent to the affected area . Turkey said Tuesday that it would accept international aid , citing a need for tents and prefabricated houses for "  the reconstruction phase " that will begin after the search-and-rescue efforts , Anadolu said . Japan 's embassy was the first to respond , promising to send about $ 400,000 , Anadolu said . Japan suffered an earthquake and tsunami in March that killed thousands and triggered a nuclear crisis . Britain , Germany , France , Jordan , Qatar , Switzerland , Israel , Kazakhstan , Ukraine and the United States have also said they could help with reconstruction , the news agency said . Israel 's Ministry of Defense said a plane carrying seven prefabricated buildings and other aid was to depart Wednesday for the stricken region . At least 2,262 buildings were demolished in Van and surrounding villages and towns , the news agency said . Relations between the two countries have been tense since last year 's Israeli commando raid on a Gaza-bound flotilla laden with humanitarian aid . Nine Turkish activists were killed . Turkey has suffered other major earthquakes in recent years . A magnitude-7 .6 earthquake in Izmit killed more than 17,000 people in 1999 , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . A magnitude-7 .2 tremor in Duzce the same year killed 894 people , the agency reported . CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this story	A woman , 27 , and a man , 18 , are pulled from the debris A day earlier , crews rescue a baby , her mother and her grandmother At least 471 people are killed and 1,650 others are injured , the government says Turkey is accepting international aid
CNN  -- Wednesday night 's CNN debate lands at a critical moment in the Republican race . This season , each debate has set the tone for the primary to follow . Newt Gingrich 's savaging of the media helped propel him to victory in South Carolina . Mitt Romney 's savaging of Gingrich helped him to clinch Florida . The current uncertainty about the race , and the extraordinary elasticity in the polls , is partly due to the fact that we have n't had a debate for a whole month . It 's important , then , for each of the candidates to make a powerful impression in this last confrontation before Arizona and Michigan vote on February 28 . Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich will compete over who is the most conservative , and Ron Paul will push his unique brand of libertarianism . Same old , same old . But we might see something new from Mitt Romney : a glimmer of humanity . The latest CNN/Time/ORC International Poll shows that Santorum is closing the gap on Romney in Arizona , but it 's probably in Michigan that he stands the best chance of scoring an upset . A week ago , polls put Santorum as much as 10 points ahead in the Great Lakes State . But now they call it a statistical dead heat between him and Romney . So it would serve Santorum well to hit Mitt hard in the debate . This is Rick 's natural style -- he gets a thrill out of counting the flaws of his opponents . But Santorum also probably recognizes that the only way he 'll win Michigan is by reminding voters of the doubts that they have about Romney 's conservatism . That 's what he 's been doing in the western part of the state all this week , where he has hit out repeatedly at Romney 's "  well-oiled weathervane " stance on issues like abortion and Iran . One thing Santorum does n't particularly need to do in the debate is make voters like him : They already do . According to Public Policy Polling , he has a favorability rating among Michiganders of 67 % . Santorum 's enduring popularity is partly thanks to the fact that Romney has n't been spending his money on an excessive number of attack ads , as he did in Florida . Instead , Romney has been working hard on his own favorability rating in Michigan , which has crept up from 49 % to 55 % . Hitherto , Mitt has suffered from the "  weirdo factor " -- the sense that he 's not quite like you and me . The press has given a lot of coverage to the Mormon practice of giving "  proxy baptisms " to deceased nonbelievers , something that Romney admits he has done , but not "  recently . " This has been compounded by the strange tale of Romney 's dog , Seamus , who Mitt once drove to Canada strapped to the roof of his car . Poor Seamus apparently lost bowel control en route and ran away on arrival . Googlers have tried to turn "  Romney " into a verb that means "  to soil oneself with fear . " Here 's an example of it used in a sentence : "  Every time I think of Newt Gingrich being elected president , I Romney uncontrollably . " But Mitt has been countering the "  weirdo factor " with a series of ads and personal appearances in Michigan that emphasize his local roots and his concern for the auto industry in a state beset by tragic levels of unemployment . This is the strategy that we can expect him to take in Wednesday 's debate : folksy and populist . There will be a lot about how great American cars are , Mitt 's experience as a businessman , Obama 's relative incompetence and Romney 's Michigan childhood . Whether it will work is a matter of judgment . On the campaign trail , Romney 's idea of soaring rhetoric usually involves singing highlights from "  America the Beautiful . " Efforts to appear humble are frequently undermined by an ironic statement  remember the $ 10,000 bet ?  , and intimate stories about his father are so formulaic they sound as if he learned them by rote . The only way Romney could break the spell of his own emptiness would be to crash sobbing into the arms of Ellen DeGeneres . But if Romney 's reinvention as a human being does pay off , it will be because Republicans desperately want it to work . Republicans still tell pollsters that they think Mitt is the most electable candidate . If they could only be convinced that he is as conservative as they -- or at least as human -- they would probably fall in behind him . A bit of passion and compassion in Wednesday 's debate could be all the excuse wavering Republicans need to back a winner . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley	Timothy Stanley : The Wednesday evening presidential debate comes at a critical time He says Santorum is threatening to displace Romney as the front-runner in the race He says while Santorum is liked by GOP voters , many of them have doubts about Romney Stanley : Look for Romney to try to adopt a folksy , populist tone
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- A gold mine in the western Sudanese state of Darfur collapsed this week , killing scores of people and leaving many still unaccounted for , an official says . "  Fifty-two bodies have so far been recovered , " said Yaqub al-Damuki , minister of information for the Darfur Regional Authority . "  But the search is still going on . " State-run Ashorooq TV , quoting a local official , reported Thursday that the collapse killed more than 60 people . It said the accident occurred after people dug in dangerous areas of the mine . The mine collapsed in the Jebel Amir area of the town of El Serief in north Darfur on Monday , an eyewitness said . Fighting between two Arab tribes over land and mining rights in the area this year has killed hundreds of people . The violence in the area has also sent thousands into camps for internally displaced people . Independent gold mining has seen a boom in Sudan in the past few years , as the country looks for new sources to boost its economy . In 2011 , South Sudan separated from Sudan , taking with it most of the country 's oil revenue . One eyewitness said that the mines in the area were not well organized . "  The mining tunnels were very close to each other , " Hamid al-Tijani said , adding that area mines "  were supposed to be closed and then reorganized . " "  But that did not happen . " The death toll , al-Tijani said , could get higher . "  Anyone not accounted for is presumed dead , " he said . Authorities ordered the mine shut until calm is restored in the region .	Darfur Regional Authority official says 52 bodies have been recovered The collapse happened Monday in Sudan 's north Darfur region Many people are still unaccounted for , the official says
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Hundreds of gay men have been tortured and killed in Iraq in recent months , some by the nation 's security forces , Human Rights Watch said Monday . Iraqi clerics say homosexuality must be eradicated but warn against anti-gay violence . Interviews with doctors indicate hundreds of men had been killed , but the exact number was unclear because of the stigma associated with homosexuality in Iraq , the New York-based watchdog group said in its report . "  Iraq 's leaders are supposed to defend all Iraqis , not abandon them to armed agents of hate , " said Scott Long , director of the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Rights Program at Human Rights Watch . "  Turning a blind eye to torture and murder threatens the rights and life of every Iraqi . " Four victims who spoke to CNN gave accounts of the attacks , which they say have intensified in the past few months . "  In 2004 , militias and unknown groups started to go after the gays ... but the peak was six months ago , " said Qaisar , who uses a pseudonym for fear of reprisal . "  It has become wide scale war against gays in Iraq . " Iraqi officials acknowledged that the nation 's culture stigmatizes homosexuality , but said the government does not condone such attacks . Authorities are unable to provide homosexuals with special protection , said government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh . According to Human Rights Watch , which is urging a government crackdown , attackers target people on the streets or storm homes , where they conduct interrogations and demand names of suspected gay men . Many end up in hospitals and morgues , the organization said , basing its conclusion on reports from doctors . Men have been threatened with "  honor killings " by relatives worried that their "  unmanly behavior " will ruin the family 's reputation , Human Rights Watch said . Watch Iraqi men discuss attacks " Killings , kidnappings and torture of those suspected of homosexual conduct have intensified in areas such as the Baghdad neighborhood of Sadr City , the watchdog said . "  The Shiite people started this war and especially what happened in Sadr City , " Qaisar said , adding that his sister-in-law had warned him against going to the area . Muqtada al-Sadr 's Mahdi Army militia , which is active in Sadr City , has joined in the attacks and defends its actions as a way to stop the "  feminization " of Iraqi men , the report said . "  We have testimony that indicates that the nation 's security forces are taking part in the attacks , " Long said . The group interviewed more than 50 people who gave accounts of abuses , beatings and stops at security checkpoints , he said . "  When the gay killings started and when they started go  ing  after them at checkpoints ... we started to change our look , " said Basim , who also used a pseudonym . "  These killings point to the continuing and lethal failure of Iraq 's post-occupation authorities to establish the rule of law and protect their citizens , " said Rasha Moumneh , Middle East researcher for Human Rights Watch . A provision from the Saddam Hussein era endorses crimes committed "  with honorable motives , " according to the organization . The government spokesman said the provision was popular during the Saddam era , but is not used today . He added that there is a push to educate police about human rights . Attacks against civilians , including homosexuals , are not allowed , al-Dabbagh said .	Human Rights Watch says people are targeted on the streets and interrogated Group : Killings , kidnappings and torture of suspected homosexuals are escalating Attacks against civilians , including homosexuals , not allowed , Iraq spokesman says
CNN  -- Regional leaders meeting in Uganda on Saturday called on a rebel group in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo to withdraw from a city seized by its fighters this week and to "  stop all war activities . " The M23 group must also "  stop talk of overthrowing an elected government , " said a statement issued by the regional leaders at the end of the Great Lakes region summit in the Ugandan capital , Kampala . It states the rebels should withdraw at least 20 kilometers  12 miles  north of Goma and that the U.N. mission for DR Congo , MONUSCO , should monitor the buffer zone . The statement also calls on the Congolese government to listen to and resolve the grievances of the rebels , who took control of the city of Goma on Tuesday after days of fighting with government forces . Rebel leader in Uganda for Congo crisis talks The M23 group was named for a peace deal reached on March 23 , 2009 , which it accuses the government of violating . Congolese President Joseph Kabila was among the leaders who attended the conference Saturday aimed at ending the crisis . Rwandan President Paul Kagame was scheduled to attend , but sent his foreign minister instead , Ugandan officials said . Kagame attended monthly community meetings Saturday where residents plant trees , according to his website . The Rwandan president met his Congolese counterpart Tuesday in Uganda . After the meeting , the leaders issued a statement calling on the rebels to pull out of Goma . Rene Abandi , a spokesman for the M23 group , told reporters on the sidelines of the conference Saturday that the rebels ' main aim was to force the Congolese president to agree to talks . "  We want talks over human rights and insecurity  involving  issues contained in the 2009 truce , which he , Kabila , has refused to implement , " Abandi said . The outstanding issues include the sharing out of positions in the national army , an equitable distribution of resources and infrastructure development in eastern DR Congo , Abandi said . "  If he  Kabila  does not agree talks now on how we get to implement the 2009 truce , then he will take full responsibility of what will happen later . " On Wednesday , another M23 spokesman told crowds at Goma 's stadium that his group would fight on . "  President Kabila brought war planes and big guns , but he was unable to defeat us . That is a clear sign that we are part of God 's plan , we were sent by God and this will not end here , " Lt. Col. Vianney Kazarama said . "  We will push on to Bukavu , then Kisangani , and finally take Kinshasa and overthrow the government . " Rebel march continues in Eastern Congo The United Nations and some donor countries have accused neighboring Rwanda of backing the M23 by providing it with arms , support and soldiers . Kagame has repeatedly denied the allegation . As the latest conflict flares , aid groups are warning of escalating risks of diseases and abductions facing victims fleeing the violence and uncertainty . International organizations , including Oxfam , World Vision and the United Nations , have been forced to abandon operations in eastern DR Congo . Their exit leaves the area susceptible to a humanitarian crisis , including spreading attacks and children at risk of kidnappings by groups such as the Lord 's Resistance Army . "  UNHCR is extremely concerned about the situation of displaced people in Democratic Republic of the Congo 's North Kivu province , especially children and other vulnerable groups , " said Adrian Edwards , a spokesman for the world body 's refugee agency . Edwards said his agency works in 31 displaced camps that host about 108,000 people in North Kivu . "  The fighting has meant that we and our partners have not been able to access most of these areas , " he said . "  Only Mugunga III just outside Goma can be currently visited . " Rebels threaten wider Congo conflict North and South Kivu face the greatest risk . The Kivus are considered mineral-rich in a country known for its vast reserves of diamonds , gold and copper . The area 's potential for wealth has been plundered by greedy warlords . Civil wars -- most recently in the 1990s through 2003 -- have left millions dead and displaced entire generations . On Tuesday , the United Nations moved all but a core team to Rwanda to avoid casualties and urged armed parties to ensure civilians ' safety . "  In Goma , there have been reports of 60 assaults on civilians to our partners , " Edwards said Friday . "  Our partners are telling us eight people have been killed , and houses and shops have been looted . " Killings included six women , including one who was pregnant and an additional infant , according to Rupert Colville , a spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights . The fighting between M23 and the Congolese army has left the Kivus vulnerable to other armed groups , raising the possibility of the Lord 's Resistance Army abducting children , said Marixie Mercado , a spokeswoman for the U.N. children 's agency . "  There are other groups operating in the area , which raises the likelihood of recruitment of children , " she said . And the risks are not limited to violence . "  Before the crisis started , there were already 27,000 cases of cholera reported in the country , " she said . " Running water in Goma has just been restored . It had been shut off for over a week and there are huge numbers of children collecting water from Lake Kivu which obviously raises the risk of disease spreading . " The U.N. 's refugee agency estimates that more than 589,000 people have been displaced in North and South Kivu since the beginning of the year . Oxfam estimates that 230,000 are affected by this crisis alone . Rebels seize control of Goma amid clashes CNN 's David McKenzie and Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva contributed to this report .	NEW : Spokesman : Rebels want President Kabila to implement a 2009 truce deal Congolese government must listen to the rebels ' grievances , regional leaders say Rebels must "  stop talk of overthrowing an elected government , " regional leaders say Aid groups abandon operations , leaving eastern DRC susceptible to a humanitarian crisis
CNN  -- Step into any of the countless nightclubs in Lagos and you 're bound to find yourself immersed in a sonic journey of pulsating beats , groovy samples and hip-hop kicks . In a megacity where everybody loves to dance , the tone is set by the infectious sounds of Afrobeats -- a growing music movement that 's struck a chord with youth in West Africa and outside the continent . Although its name sounds similar to Afrobeat -- the eclectic mix of traditional and contemporary sounds pioneered by firebrand multi-instrumentalist Fela Kuti -- Afrobeats is a new genre on the Anglophone West African music scene . Back in late 1960s , Kuti , one of Africa 's biggest music stars , used his electrifying grooves and sharp-tongued lyrics as a political vehicle to oppose Nigeria 's military governments . Read : Blind music pioneer fires up Nigeria 's modern sound Afrobeats , however , tends to steer clear from politics . Its mission , says well-known Nigerian music promoter Cecil Hammond , is to make people forget their everyday troubles and have a good time . "  Africa can be very stressful , " he explains . "  So you need things to make you loosen up and make you happy -- and music makes Nigerians happy . " Hammond says that Nigerian music today has changed a lot since the days of Kuti , who died in August 1997 . "  Nigerian artists do n't really want to get into politics , " says Hammond . "  They tend to stay far away from it because at the end of the day , you have different political parties , you do n't want anyone to say you belong to this party or that party . "  The more neutral you are , the better -- so just focusing your music , give us good music , let everybody dance and that 's it . " Kanya King : MOBO founder 's top 5 pop picks Musically , however , the influence of Kuti is clearly evident on the new generation of Afrobeats artists . DJ Abrantee , a UK-based Afrobeats champion , says the new sounds derive from Afrobeat , having evolved over the years with various Afrobeats musicians experimenting to suit their individual styles . " -LSB- With -RSB- the inclusion of non-traditional instruments , electronic sounds , grooves , synths , hip-hop kicks , it has become more than just the one typical style of beat used in the 1970s , " he explains . "  It is now an amalgamation of beats . " But who are some of the hottest names making strides in the Afrobeats scene ? Here , Abrantee picks five stars whose are breaking through commercially on the world stage . WizKid "  WizKid is without a shadow of doubt on the verge of a worldwide explosion , " declares Abrantee , who describes the Nigerian Afrobeats singer as a "  young talented guy who not only sings but pens some of the most musically catchy hooks in that genre . " WizKid was recently signed by UK star Tinie Tempah 's management company . D'Banj The Nigerian rapper is at the forefront of the Afrobeats scene , having enjoyed big international success with "  Oliver Twist , " a global hit that made it to the Top 10 in UK charts . Abrantee says "  his music is infectious , fun , dynamic and appeals to the masses . " In recent years , D'Banj has won several prestigious awards , including the Best African Act at the 2012 MOBO Awards . May7ven Nigerian May7ven is a UK-based Afrobeats artist and singer-songwriter who is well known for her dancing . "  Her bold and catchy anthems in a predominately male-dominated industry have been leading the way and carrying the international flag for the ladies in Afrobeats , " says Abrantee . Atumpan The Ghanaian artist , also known as "  the talking drum , " has had success with "  The Thing , " a massive hit on dance floors in Africa and beyond . "  The dexterity and distinctness of his soulful voice complements his records and puts him in a firm position to have a long lasting career , " says Abrantee . R2Bees R2Bees is a super group featuring Ghanaian artists Paedae and Mugeez , produced by Killbeats , who is responsible for some of the biggest hits coming out of the West African country . Abrantee says they are the "  Afrobeats group to watch " in 2013 , pointing to the anticipated release of their new single featuring UK star Tinchy Stryder .	Afrobeats is a West African style of music making waves internationally It is distinct from Fela Kuti 's Afrobeat sound Scene 's biggest names include D'Banj , Atumpan , Wizkid , May7ven and R2Bees
Puyallup , Washington  CNN  -- The two sons of a Washington man killed along with their father in a weekend fire suffered hatchet wounds before dying of carbon monoxide poisoning , authorities said Monday . Investigators found a hatchet in the home of Josh Powell , whom authorities believe set the Sunday afternoon fire , said Ed Troyer , a spokesman for the Pierce County , Washington , Sheriff 's Department . Powell was a suspect in the 2009 disappearance of his wife , Susan Cox-Powell . An autopsy showed his sons , 5-year-old Braden and 7-year-old Charlie , suffered chop injuries to their necks , but medical examiners concluded both boys and their father died from inhaling carbon monoxide , the county medical examiner 's office reported . Powell 's death was ruled a suicide , while his sons ' deaths were determined to be homicides . Powell first gave toys and books to charity , sent multiple goodbye e-mails and doused the Puyallup , Washington , home with gasoline before setting it ablaze , authorities said Monday . That evidence suggests that Josh Powell planned a murder-suicide for some time , Troyer said . "  He was making arrangement to leave this place , so he had some knowledge of what he was going to do , " he told CNN 's John King . "  I  believe this was intentional -- it 's two counts of murder and then suicide . " It was a tragic development in a puzzling case that began two years ago in the Salt Lake City suburb of West Valley City , Utah , when 28-year-old Cox-Powell disappeared . Nancy Grace interviews Susan Cox-Powell 's sister Before he set fire to his home , Powell sent his attorney an e-mail saying simply : "  I 'm sorry . Goodbye . " He also sent e-mails to his pastor and others just minutes before the fire , giving instructions on how to handle his end-of-life business , according to Troyer . Powell donated his sons ' toys and books to a local charity , seemingly to clean house , he said . The spokesman added that authorities found two five-gallon cans of gas in the home , one of which appeared to have been lit right next to the bodies , which were found together in the same room . The sheriff 's department has copies of an e-mail Powell sent to his attorney as well as family and friends that said "  he could n't live with what was going on , " Troyer said . The deaths of the Washington man and his two sons may mean the disappearance of the children 's mother may never be solved . Still , the case remains open and investigators vowed to pursue it until the point of closure . Follow a timeline of the case "  I promised the Coxes I was n't giving up and I 'm still not because we want to get some closure here , " West Valley City , Utah Police Chief Buzz Nielsen told reporters Monday . A team of detectives was sent to Washington in the aftermath of the fatal fire . "  The case is still active ; we 're not closing the case . We still got things that have not been resolved , " he said . Powell , who was never charged in his wife 's disappearance , was embroiled in a bitter custody dispute with her parents . "  Words ca n't describe any of this ... I ca n't imagine any of us going through what Chuck and Judy Cox have gone through , losing their daughter and losing these dear little boys , " attorney Anne Bremner , who represented Charles and Judith Cox in the disappearance of their daughter , told HLN 's Vinnie Politan . The children , at least the older boy , Charlie , had reached the age where they may have been giving away information , Bremner said . "  I know that to be true in this case because as recently as Christmas , the boys told their grandparents , ` Mommy 's in the mine . If we go to the mine , we 'll find Mommy , ' " she said . Authorities have searched mines in Utah and Nevada for Cox-Powell , Bremner said . When asked Monday whether she feared Powell would ever hurt his children , Cox-Powell 's sister , Denise Cox , responded : "  Absolutely . " "  From the get go , from when he was named a person of interest , the boys should have been taken away from him , and he should not have been allowed visitation , " she told HLN 's Nancy Grace . The children had started "  opening up and talking to my parents about what happened that night , " in recent months , she said . "  The boys really , once they started opening up to our family , they started closing down on their dad , " the sister told HLN . According to investigators , Powell had said the last time he saw his wife was the night he and his sons -- then ages 2 and 4 -- left to go camping . Cox-Powell 's sister eventually reported her missing . A month later , Powell and his children moved from Utah to Washington . As late as last month , Utah authorities were still working to connect Powell to the disappearance of his wife , who authorities believe is dead . The weekend 's tragic events appeared to have been set in motion days earlier when a judge refused Powell 's petition to regain custody of his children and instead ordered he undergo psychological evaluations -- an order that came after authorities turned up child pornography in the home Powell shared with his father . As part of the investigation into Cox-Powell 's disappearance , Utah authorities searched the Washington house where Powell , his two sons and his father , Steven Powell , were living last year . During the search , investigators "  discovered numerous images and recordings of adult and juvenile females , " according to a statement released by the Pierce County sheriff 's department . Powell 's father , Steven , was subsequently charged with 14 counts of voyeurism and one count of possessing images of children engaged in sexually explicit conduct , according to court documents . After the arrest of Powell 's father , custody of his sons was given to the Coxes , according to Washington state court records . Powell maintained in court documents filed last week that he established his own home after his father 's arrest and "  have consistently proven my fitness as a stable and loving parent under close supervision by  child welfare caseworkers  . " "  The real story is not that anyone is a bad person , including me , " Powell said in the affidavit . "  The story is one of overcoming and rising above what many people think are insurmountable challenges . " On Sunday , shortly after noon , Powell was standing outside his home in a quiet , tree-lined cul-de-sac waiting for a social worker to bring the two boys for a supervised visit , authorities said . As the children got to the door , Powell pushed the social worker back , quickly brought the two boys inside and locked the door . The social worker , who later reported smelling something similar to gas at the time , tried "  pounding the doors , trying to get in , " said Gary Franz , a deputy chief with Graham , Washington , Fire and Rescue . About two minutes later , as the social worker was calling her supervisor , the house exploded , Franz said . The powerful explosion shook houses , with debris landing on lawns blocks away . Jennifer Bleakley , who lived near the Powell home , was making coffee in the kitchen when the explosion violently rattled windows and doors in her home . "  It really hurts my heart . My heart ached for those boys anyway , " she told CNN affiliate KOMO-TV , wiping away tears . CNN 's Chelsea Carter , Greg Botelho , Ashley Hayes , Sara Weisfeldt , Leslie Tripp and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Powell kids had chop wounds , autopsy shows Josh Powell and his sons died of carbon monoxide poisoning Powell sent goodbye e-mails to his pastor , others just minutes before the fire A Utah police chief vows to keep on the case of Susan Cox-Powell 's disappearance
CNN  -- Federal authorities plan to unseal charges Monday against several people arrested in a series of weekend raids in Michigan , Ohio and Indiana , prosecutors in Detroit said Sunday . At least seven people were arrested on charges that were under seal over the weekend , a law enforcement source said Sunday . Gina Balaya , spokeswoman for the U.S attorney 's office in Detroit , said those charges will be revealed during a federal court hearing Monday . Mike Lackomar , a county leader for the Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia , said the target of the raid was a Christian militia group called the Hutaree . The group proclaims on a Web site that it is "  preparing for the end time battles to keep the testimony of Jesus Christ alive . " The FBI would disclose no details of the raids . The law enforcement source told CNN the arrests were unrelated to any terrorist plot . The source would not confirm Hutaree members were among those arrested , but said the suspects were not planning attacks against government targets and the raids were unrelated to recent threats against members of Congress . At least two arrests were made in Huron and Sandusky , Ohio , but the case is being handled out of Detroit , said Scott Wilson , an FBI spokesman in Cleveland . Lackomar , who cited the FBI for his information , said several Hutaree members were arrested at a wake for one of the group . He said the Hutaree group trained with his organization "  on a couple of occasions in years past , " but his group stopped about a year ago , after the Hutaree had an "  issue " with federal firearms regulators . He did not elaborate . Lackomar called the Hutaree a "  religious militant group " with about a dozen members , who scattered as news of the raids spread over the weekend . He told CNN his own group is aimed at "  aiding the community in times of emergency " and had nothing to do with the raids . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Pat St. Claire and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Federal authorities plan to unseal charges Monday ; at least 7 arrest over weekend Nongovernment source : Those arrested part of self-proclaimed Christian militia group The Hutaree operate in Michigan , Indiana and Ohio , source in another militia says
CNN  -- Explosions hit two metro stations and a courthouse in Cairo on Wednesday , injuring at least four people , state media reported . Two blasts went off at two different metro stations during the early morning rush hour , Egypt 's state-run Al-Ahram website said . The first explosion in the metro was caused by an improvised bomb at Shubra station , Al-Ahram reported , citing Interior Ministry spokesman Abdel-Fattah Othman . The second blast came from a "  sonic explosive " in a trash can at Ghamra station , it said . The ministry spokesman denied earlier reports that explosions had gone off at more than two stations . Metro stations were reported to have been brought to a complete standstill as the ministry has declared a maximum alert . Another blast struck near the Heliopolis courthouse in eastern Cairo , Al-Ahram reported , citing eyewitnesses and local media . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the blasts . Militants in Egypt have stepped up attacks since the military 's ouster last year of former President Mohamed Morsy , Egypt 's first democratically elected top leader . Last month , a spate of deadly explosions struck around the country , including one near a Cairo metro station .	NEW : A blast goes off near a courthouse in eastern Cairo , state media report Minor explosions hit two different metro stations The Egyptian Interior Ministry has declared a maximum alert
CNN  -- Several diplomatic facilities were shuttered Friday as many braced for intensified protests over the anti-Islam movie "  Innocence of Muslims , " as well as recently published cartoons in a French publication of a figure resembling the Prophet Mohammed . Demonstrations have raged for days as many in the Muslim world are angry about the U.S.-made film that mocks Mohammed and about the French cartoon . And some believe that Friday prayers , a time of protest recently in the Middle East and North Africa , could add fuel to the fire . Demonstrations started early Friday in Pakistan . Developments include : U.S. officials appear less certain of events ahead of Libya attack Protesters set blaze in Pakistan Protesters against the film and the cartoon in Peshawar , Pakistan , set fire to two movie theaters Friday morning , killing one person and injuring dozens , officials said . Firefighters extinguished one blaze in about 90 minutes but were not able to get to the other fire , said Nadir Shah , a fire brigade official . "  We were informed by the police that the two cinemas had been set ablaze by rioters , and so we responded immediately , " Shah said . At least 25 people were injured , three of them critically , said Majid Qureshi , a doctor at a local hospital . A member of the media was also shot in killed in the protest , Qureshi said . Peshawar police said four policemen were also injured . Crowds of protesters were reported in Islamabad , and CNN affiliate Geo TV reported protests in Rawalpindi and Karachi . Slain ambassador Stevens worried about security threats in Libya Children chant ` Death to America ' The protests come a day after about 100 small children in Karachi repeated anti-American slogans during a protest in the coastal Pakistani city , a police official said . Video showed children repeating an adult voice that said "  Death to America " and "  Any friend of America is a traitor . " "  Punish the blasphemer , " children chanted Thursday . One placard read , "  Shut down website of blasphemous film . " The film reference is to "  Innocence of Muslims , " which mocks Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and killer . A 14-minute trailer for the movie was first posted online in July , though it was n't until this month that it was recognized globally . Since September 11 , Muslims have staged a wave of protests in more than 20 countries , decrying the film and the nation in which it was privately produced , the United States . The children in Karachi -- seemingly between the ages of 6 and 8 -- demonstrated across from the Karachi Press Club , said Ghulam Qadir , a city police official charged with keeping track of all demonstrations at the club . The event was not formal or planned , so authorities did n't know ahead of time it would happen , he said . In general , Pakistani parents are not informed about every event organized by a school . At least four teachers accompanied the children to the demonstration , Qadir said . There did not appear to be any parents there . Facilities close in Indonesia The U.S. Embassy in Jakarta , U.S. Consulate General in Surabaya , U.S. Consular Agency in Bali and two other facilities will be closed Friday because of the "  potential for significant demonstrations that might be held in front of these facilities . " officials said in a news statement . There were protests in Indonesia last week . About 100 demonstrators gathered last Tuesday near a U.S. diplomatic facility in Medan , Indonesia , the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta said . Opinion : Protests are as mindless as anti-Islam film German Embassy to close in Sudan The German Embassy in Sudan 's capital city of Khartoum will be closed Friday as authorities anticipate protests over the cartoon published in French magazine Charlie Hebdo , state-run Ashorooq TV reported . "  Security measures have been tightened at other diplomatic missions abroad , " Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said . Tunisian authorities ban all demonstrations Friday Seeking to avoid a repeat of what happened one week earlier , Tunisia 's Interior Ministry banned all demonstrations Friday , the state-run Tunisian News Agency  TAP  reported , citing a statement from the ministry . The report said the protest ban is "  in accordance with the provisions of the state of emergency " that has been in place since the ouster January of its longtime president , Zine el Abidine Ben Ali . The statement refers to "  calls launched via social networks " to demonstrate over the Charlie Hebdo cartoons . And it comes a week after four protesters died and 49 were wounded during an assault on the U.S. Embassy in the capital of Tunis , TAP previously reported , citing Souad Sadraoui , interim general director of Charles Nicolle Hospital . Presidential spokesman Adnene Mansar denounced Charlie Hebdo 's publication of the cartoons as a "  deliberate insult , " adding that "  some circles are deliberately seeking to stir up tension in relations binding the Muslim and Western worlds . " "  We should not fall in the trap of provocation , we should rather denounce these acts by peaceful means , " Mansar said , according to a TAP report . In another TAP report , National Constituent Assembly Speaker Mustapha Ben Jaafar said that the bloody September 14 protests "  do not reflect the mood of the moderate and tolerant Tunisian people . " "  Political , ideological and religious violence is  no  longer tolerated in present-day Tunisia , " Jaafar said in Strasbourg in eastern France , calling abiding by the "  rule of law ... an absolute priority . " Actress in anti-Islam film files lawsuit against filmmaker CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Shaan Khan and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : Protesters against film and cartoon set fire to two movie theaters in Peshawar , Pakistan Tunisia bans protests Friday , a week after four people were killed in demonstrations Diplomatic facilities closed in Indonesia and Sudan Teachers led young children in an anti-U.S. protest in Karachi on Thursday
For more than four decades it has ranked among the largest , most useful planes in the Pentagon 's arsenal , but a C-5 Galaxy has never been retired to any museum . That 's about to change . The behemoth nicknamed Zero-One-Four arrived at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware Wednesday , where it soon will be handed over to the Air Mobility Command Museum . The giant jet with 90014 painted on its tail made history in 1974 when it became the only aircraft ever to drop and ignite a live , Minuteman intercontinental ballistic missile . Yep , that 's correct -- it launched the Cold War weapon that was designed to wreak unspeakable nuclear annihilation . Of course , this particular missile was unarmed . If it seems odd that a plane would unleash a gigantic hammer like a Minuteman -- well , it is . These missiles were n't supposed to launch from airplanes . They were supposed to blast off from underground silos . "  It was radical , " said nuclear weapons expert Hans Kristensen of the Federation of American Scientists . "  It broke with anything that had been done with ballistic missiles before -- or since . " The idea of launching Minutemen via airplanes was an attempt to protect U.S. missiles from being destroyed by enemy missiles , Kristensen said , because the Soviet Union would have had a hard time targeting Minutemen traveling aboard airplanes like the C-5 . With three stages , the Minuteman measured 56 feet and weighed 86,000 pounds . Never before had the C-5 -- one of the biggest planes in the world -- ever dropped such a heavy load . Related : Stalking the world 's biggest planes On October 24 , 1974 , at Utah 's Hill Air Force Base , airmen and crew from manufacturers Lockheed and Boeing , boarded Zero-One-Four . Among them , Chief Master Sgt. James Sims , who watched the whole thing from the C-5 's cargo hold -- the best seat in the house . "  There was inherent danger in it , " said Sims , describing the mission . The Minuteman was attached to a special cradle designed to be released on a track leading out the plane 's rear cargo exit . Parachutes would drag the missile out of the plane and then point it upward . A timer , Sims said , would spark the rocket 's fiery engines . The risks were significant . If the Minuteman exited the plane incorrectly it could dangerously push the C-5 's nose upward , making it difficult to control . Another risk : the missile could accidentally become wedged in the aircraft 's infrastructure , shifting the plane 's center of gravity and -- in a worst-case scenario -- trigger a crash . As the C-5 reached its test range off California about 20,000 feet over the Pacific , its four powerful jet engines were singing their signature whine . With the drop zone only eight minutes away , the huge rear cargo door opened , exposing Sims and his crew mate , Technical Sgt. Elmer Hardin , to the roaring wind . Soon it was go time . The missile and its cradle were released . Parachutes dragged the 43-ton payload along its track down the 121-foot cargo hold until it toppled off into oblivion . Hardin felt the giant plane begin to tip . "  You did come off the floor a bit , " he told the Air Mobility Command Museum Foundation 's "  Hangar Digest " magazine . "  It was like dumping a wheelbarrow full of water . " The chutes tilted the missile vertical as it fell thousands of feet and disappeared into the clouds underneath . Then , nothing . For a minute Sims thought something was wrong . Suddenly from below , Sims saw plumes of smoke and flame . "  It came blasting through the clouds and you got a good view of it , " Sims said . It rocketed to 30,000 feet -- 10,000 feet above the C-5 , as Sims remembers it . "  It looked like a missile launch from Cape Canaveral , " he said . It burned for about 25 seconds , he recalled , and then "  cascaded into the Pacific Ocean . " "  Everything worked as advertised , " he said . "  I was elated . ... It was special . " YouTube has Air Force film of the test Although the mid-air missile launch worked , the Pentagon never adopted the concept . Skeptics likely would have seen the project as "  a little crazy , " Kristensen said , because it was technically very risky and would have been operationally very expensive to implement on a wider , more permanent scale . It was a "  wild card dream , " he said . At the time , the idea was n't really outside the box , said Fritz W. Ermarth , a nuclear strategy expert , ex-CIA analyst and former adviser to President Ronald Reagan . Pulling a missile out of an aircraft "  on a sled with parachutes was far from rocket science , " Ermarth said . But war planners of the era were expected to invent new options to protect the nation 's nuclear weapons arsenal . Kristensen credited the project to a "  sort of Cold War euphoria in those days that spurred people to come up with these sort of ideas . " Many wonder if the C-5 Minuteman demonstration was simply a stunt intended to show strength at a time when the Soviets were negotiating with Washington over a proposed nuclear arms treaty . It was n't ever officially announced , said Pat O'Brien , an engineer on the project , "  but we felt they were trying to use this as a bargaining tool for the SALT II  Strategic Arms Limitation  Talks . " Retired Air Force crew chief Rodney Moore , who helped maintain Zero-One-Four during its Dover heyday , wanted to go on that mission . He asked to take part , but was turned down . "  I was disappointed , " he recalls . Even all these years later , Moore says he still wishes he had pressed harder for permission . "  I loved that airplane , " said Moore . As its primary crew chief , Moore inspected the aircraft before each flight . He marshaled it to Dover 's runways and then watched it take off . "  For a very short period of time , I was a part of that airplane 's career , " Moore says . "  And it was a major part of my life . " Moore , who has n't seen Zero-One-Four in 30 years , looks forward to the jet 's dedication ceremony , set for this fall . "  I 'm going to have some emotions about it , " Moore admits . "  I know I 'm gon na feel pride . " "  It 's going to be like a reunion with an old friend . "	Air Force crew recall their launch of a Minuteman ICBM from an airplane Expert : It "  broke with anything that had been done with ballistic missiles before -- or since " Minuteman missiles were built to carry nuclear warheads The C-5 Galaxy jet will be the first of its type to be retired to a museum
NEW YORK  CNN  -- In the midst of Wall Street 's agonizing slide last week , there was at least one place in Manhattan where the liquor was flowing , the cigar smoke was billowing and the theme of the evening was simple : Work hard . Play hard . "  I was a crook , " says Jordan Belfort , once a Wall Street fat cat who made $ 1 million a week before going to jail . "  It 's like fiddling . Nero fiddled while Rome burned , " said Thomas Graf , vice president and producer of Northmarq Capital . "  We 're smoking cigars while we 're losing our shirts , literally . " He was among hundreds of mid-level Wall Street executives and traders gathered for a party thrown by Cigar Report magazine , published by New York-based Doubledown Media . And if they seemed a little tone-deaf about how this kind of event could be perceived as millions of dollars were lost , at least on paper , most did not seem especially concerned . "  It is a great time , " said Adam Marsh of Empire Capital Partners . "  I think for at least a couple of hours in the evening , we can kind of sit back , have a few drinks , forget what 's facing us on the Street tomorrow . " Few of the men and women at the party earned millions in Wall Street bonuses on top of their salaries . But nearly all did very well , they say , at the top of the Wall Street bubble . And their bosses , along with those who managed Wall Street hedge funds , did even better . "  These guys were spending more than $ 250 billion a year , " Robert Frank said . "  They bought mansions in Greenwich and Palm Beach . They bought art for $ 100 million a painting . " Frank , author of "  Richistan , " says the enormous amounts of money earned by Wall Street elite made them practically a nation unto themselves . "  They just looked at the guy with the bigger house , the nicer Ferrari , the better artwork , " he said . "  And it was all competitive spending . " One prominent example is the CEO of Lehman Brothers , Richard Fuld . In 2007 alone , according to the executive compensation firm Equilar , he earned total take-home compensation of more than $ 45 million in salary and bonuses . Congressional researchers said he earned nearly $ 500 million from 2000 through 2007 . Fuld told Congress that the failure of his company centered on inaction on the part of government and a loss of confidence in the financial markets . "  This is a pain that will stay with me for the rest of my life , regardless of what comes out of this committee , regardless of when the record books get written , " Fuld told Congress during a recent hearing . Not every Wall Street executive played by the books . Jordan Belfort was once chairman of a brokerage firm called Stratton Oakmont . In the early to mid - '90s , he called himself the Wolf of Wall Street . He was jailed on federal charges of securities fraud and money laundering . He spent 22 months behind bars and was released in 2005 . "  I was a crook , " Belfort said . At one time , he says , he was earning more than $ 1 million a week . Now , he has been ordered to pay back $ 110 million to his victims , and he said he is working on that . Even the man who first chronicled Wall Street excess to a national audience can barely believe what has happened . Oliver Stone , who wrote and directed the film "  Wall Street " 21 years ago , says the main character in his story , unprincipled stockbroker Gordon Gekko , has been overtaken by reality . "  I never thought it would go to this level , " Stone told CNN 's Larry King . "  I thought the Gordon Gekkos of the world would die out . But they got worse . " So what exactly did the new Gordon Gekkos do to earn those fabulous sums ? "  What they really did was to figure out new and clever ways of investing , " Frank said . "  Of creating financial products that very few of us could understand . " "  On Wall Street , there 's no cost . The only cost is the employees , the executives , " said Andy Serwer , managing editor of Fortune magazine . "  So if a firm is creating a financial product that it can sell for $ 5 million , the person who sells it will get $ 2 million . " But people who earned relatively little on Wall Street are now paying the price as well . Win Hornig , a 25-year-old Minnesotan who worked at both Bear Stearns and J.P. Morgan , is now out of a job . He 's launched a Web site called BankerGoneBroke.com to talk about it . "  My life was basically a disaster , " Hornig said . "  I was working all the time , did n't have a lot to show for it . I came to the conclusion that there was more to life than money . " While it lasted , the good times on Wall Street made money for traders and , of course , for Americans who had invested in the stock market , mainly through their 401  k  contributions . But there is a "  new normal " these days . "  The party is over on Wall Street -- until it comes back again , " Serwer said . "  I 've been around long enough to see that we have these cycles . These guys get their cigars and champagne . They have a great time . The whole thing blows up . But then they re-emerge years later . This one is a really , really bad one . But I do n't think Wall Street is dead . "	Wall Street elite earned enormous amounts of cash , author says Jordan Belfort , known as Wolf of Wall Street , said he was a crook Congressional researchers : Lehman Brothers CEO earned nearly $ 500 million "  The party is over " for now , according to Fortune managing editor
CNN  -- Two farms have been quarantined by the U.S. Department of Agriculture as the agency continues to investigate last month 's discovery of mad cow disease at a California dairy farm . Authorities also have launched an investigation at a calf ranch where the initial infected cow was raised 10 years ago , according to a statement released late Wednesday by the USDA . Last week , the USDA documented the fourth confirmed U.S. case of Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy  BSE  -- a brain wasting disease affecting cattle -- known commonly as mad cow disease , at a rendering facility in central California . USDA officials said the cow was never presented for human consumption and was not a threat . The farm where the cow was initially discovered has been under quarantine since the discovery , agriculture officials said . Wednesday 's announcement of a second quarantine involves a farm closely associated with the dairy where the sick cow was discovered last month , the USDA said . The agency is still trying to determine if any at-risk cattle are present at either of the two farms . Eating contaminated meat or some other animal products from cattle that have BSE is thought to be the cause of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease . The fatal brain disease was blamed for the deaths of 150 people in Britain , where there was an outbreak in the 1980s and 1990s . Learn more about Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease In people , symptoms of the disease include psychiatric and behavioral changes , movement deficits , memory disturbances and cognitive impairments . BSE can cause infected animals to display nervousness or aggression , difficulty in coordination and standing up , decreased milk production or weight loss . It is usually transmitted between cows through the practice of recycling bovine carcasses for meat and bone meal protein , which is fed to other cattle . In this case , the Agricultural Department reported that the cow had a rare form of BSE not likely carried by contaminated feed . Since 2004 , the USDA has removed the brain and the spinal column , the parts suspected of causing mad cow disease in humans , from the food system . The USDA says that since the discovery of the infected cow , they have identified 10 different feed suppliers that delivered animal feed to the farm . Determining if the cow became sick from feed is an area where investigators are focusing close attention . Authorities have determined the infected cow gave birth twice . One calf was stillborn and the other was located on a farm outside of California . That cow was subsequently euthanized and tested negative for mad cow disease . Unlike most other meat-borne illnesses , such as those caused by E.-coli bacteria , cooking does not kill the infectious agent that causes mad cow disease . Consumers who wish to exercise extra caution can follow the advice presented by the Web-based consumer advocacy group Consumeraffairs.com , which advises the avoidance of brains , neck bones and beef cheeks , bone marrow and cuts of beef that are sold on the bone . The group also says to choose boneless cuts of meat and ground beef only if it has been ground in the store . "  Evidence shows that our systems and safeguards to prevent BSE are working , as are similar actions taken by countries around the world , " said John Clifford , the Agriculture Department 's chief veterinarian . Last year , 29 cases of BSE were reported worldwide , down 99 % from the peak of 37,311 cases in 1992 . "  This is directly attributable to the impact and effectiveness of feed bans as a primary control measure for the disease , " he said last month . The Agriculture Department confirmed the first case of mad cow disease in America on December 23 , 2003 , in a cow born in Alberta , Canada , in April 1997 , only four months before the United States and Canada began banning the use of brain and spinal cord tissue in cattle feed . A second U.S. case was confirmed June 24 , 2005 , and a third on March 13 , 2006 .	The quarantined farms are in California Two calves were born to the cow that tested positive In people , symptoms of mad cow disease include psychiatric and behavioral changes There are four confirmed cases of mad cow disease in the U.S. since 2003
Libyans cheered the fate of ousted dictator Moammar Gadhafi into the early hours of Friday after his death in what Libya 's transitional prime minister described as a crossfire that followed his arrest by revolutionary forces . "  This is a time to start a new Libya , with a new economy , with a new education and with a new health system -- with one future , " Mahmoud Jibril , Libya 's transitional prime minister , said after proclaiming Gadhafi 's death . Gadhafi was captured alive and unharmed as troops from the National Transitional Council overran his hometown of Sirte on Thursday , Jibril said . But a gunbattle erupted between transitional council fighters and Gadhafi 's supporters as his captors attempted to load him into a vehicle , Jibril said , leaving Gadhafi with a wound to his right arm . More shooting erupted as the vehicle drove away , and Gadhafi -- who ruled Libya for nearly 42 years before rebel forces overthrew him in August -- was hit in the head , Jibril said , Gadhafi died moments before arriving at a hospital in Misrata , Jibril said , citing the city 's coroner . Grainy video broadcast on Arabic satellite networks captured some of the onetime Libyan strongman 's last moments , as the bloodied but still-alive Gadhafi was being hauled onto a truck . Another video showed a dead Gadhafi with what appeared to be a head wound . According to Ali Aujali , Libya 's ambassador to the United States , troops found Gadhafi in a large drainage pipe . Daily Telegraph reporter Ben Farmer in Sirte old CNN 's Anderson Cooper the pipe is about 3 feet wide and filled with trash and sand . The phrases "  The place of the rat Gadhafi " and "  You scum " were painted around its exterior , apparently after the capture . Jibril said Gadhafi was carrying a gun but did not resist his captors . Jibril said DNA samples confirmed Gadhafi 's identity , and the International Criminal Court -- which had issued an arrest warrant for the ousted dictator on war-crimes charges -- has agreed to allow Gadhafi 's burial . Aujali said the National Transitional Council and the Libyan people wanted Gadhafi to be taken alive to answer for his crimes . In one video from the scene , a voice can be heard shouting , "  No , no , we want him alive , we want him alive . " U.S. , NATO and French officials said transitional government fighters captured Gadhafi 's convoy after French warplanes and a U.S. drone forced it to a halt on the way out of Sirte . Following Gadhafi 's death , NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen announced Thursday that the alliance "  will terminate our mission , " launched in March under a U.N. mandate to protect civilians . Amnesty International called for the National Transitional Council to mount "  a full , independent and impartial inquiry " into Gadhafi 's death and said his inner circle and family should be "  treated humanely and , if captured , given fair trials . " Abubaker Saad , who was a Gadhafi aide for nine years , said it did n't really matter whether Gadhafi was dead or alive as long as he was no longer a fugitive . "  As long as he was on the run , he represented a very ominous danger to the Libyan people , " Saad said . "  He represented a very ominous danger ... to the idea of the democracy in Libya . " The streets of Tripoli echoed with celebratory gunfire , car horns and cheers as crowds ran or danced through the streets . Celebrations extended into early Friday in Tripoli and Misrata , where crowds waved flags in the city 's main square long after midnight . On the surrounding roads , drivers leaned on their horns and came to brake-squealing stops as bands of revelers darted in and out of traffic . "  A black era has come to an end forever , " the Libyan ambassador to Britain , Mahmoud Al Nacoua , said in London . National Transitional Council Chairman Mustafa Abdul Jalil will officially announce on Saturday Libya 's liberation , media committee member Mohamed Elkish told CNN on Thursday . Council officials have said after such a declaration a new government would soon be announced and the democratic transition would begin . Gadhafi 's killing caps a revolt that began in February and left him a fugitive for the past two months . The mercurial former army officer , who seized power in a 1969 coup , was the third Arab leader ousted in the Arab Spring upheavals that began in neighboring Tunisia in January . Also killed Thursday were Gadhafi 's son Motassim and his chief of intelligence , Abdullah al-Senussi , said Anees al-Sharif , a spokesman for the National Transitional Council 's military arm in Tripoli . Other reports say al-Senussi was captured . Jibril said Gadhafi 's defense minister , Gen. Abu Baker Younes , also died . Fawaz Gerges , a professor of Middle Eastern politics at the London School of Economics , said Libyans still face a difficult political struggle . But , he added , "  We should not underestimate the significance of this day . " "  Gadhafi was the head of the state , the most important symbol of the country . He repeatedly tried to rally his supporters to fight on , " Gerges said . "  I hope that this particular day will not just mean the end of an era , but basically represent the beginning of a new era . " Gerges said the recent fighting around Sirte and another holdout of pro-Gadhafi loyalists , Bani Walid , exposed "  some major tribal and regional cleavages " that Libyans will have to bridge in forming a new government . Those differences "  could easily escalate , given the extent and the intensity of differences in Libya . " But he said Gadhafi 's death sends a signal to other strongmen in the region : "  If you oppress your people , if you do n't engage your civil society , if you stay in power for so many years , this will be your end . " Fran Townsend , CNN national security contributor , said the transitional leadership "  faces very serious challenges , " citing groups outside Libya 's borders , including al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , as well as internal strife among the country 's tribes . "  There will be those around them who seek to take advantage , " Townsend said . "  There will be tribal differences , there will be Gadhafi loyalists who melt into the population and attempt to launch an insurgency like what we saw in Iraq . " Prince Idris Al-Senussi , whose family was overthrown by Gadhafi 42 years ago , told CNN , "  I feel now that finally I can go back to a free country . A country that I have loved ... and I feel proud that the Libyan people have done it themselves . " The confirmation of Gadhafi 's death came after hours of conflicting reports on the deposed leader 's status . When those reports first reached U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton during a visit to Afghanistan , she reacted with one word : "  Wow . " Clinton said the end of Gadhafi would "  add legitimacy and relief to the formation of a new government . " In a brief address from the White House , President Barack Obama praised Libyans for lifting "  the dark shadow of tyranny " with the aid of Western air power . "  One year ago , the notion of a free Libya seemed impossible , " Obama said . "  But then the Libyan people rose up and demanded their rights . And when Gadhafi and his forces started going city to city , town by town , to brutalize men , women and children , the world refused to stand idly by . " NATO , spearheaded by Britain and France , backed up the revolt by bombarding pro-Gadhafi forces . In a statement from his office , French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Gadhafi 's ouster marks the start of "  a new era ... one of reconciliation in unity and freedom . " British Prime Minister David Cameron said Thursday "  is a day to remember all of Colonel Gadhafi 's victims , " including the 270 dead in the bombing of a Pan Am flight over Lockerbie , Scotland , in 1988 and "  the many , many Libyans who died at the hands of this brutal dictator and his regime . " Other world leaders sounded encouragement for a new Libya , but cautioned that the road ahead wo n't be easy . "  In the coming days , we will witness scenes of celebration , as well as grief for those who lost so much , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . "  Yet let us recognize , immediately , that this is only the end of the beginning . The road ahead for Libya and its people will be difficult and full of challenges . "	Libyan prince happy there is now a "  free country " Government wanted Gadhafi to be taken alive , diplomat tells CNN Anti-Gadhafi messages spray painted at pipe where he was found Libyan liberation to be formally announced Saturday
Editor 's note : Since the FBI arrested a Brooklyn businessman in late July on federal charges of organ trafficking , CNN has been conducting a worldwide investigation into the sale of kidneys using willing donors and willing recipients from China to Israel to the United States . Nick Rosen says he got $ 20,000 to donate his kidney and lied to the hospital 's transplant team . TEL AVIV , Israel  CNN  -- Four years ago , a young , cash-starved Israeli answered an ad in a newspaper for a kidney donor . "  I decided I wanted to make a positive change in my life and do something different , " Nick Rosen told CNN . "  So I saw an ad in the paper and it said , ` Kidney Donor Wanted . ' And called the ad in the paper , and they asked me my blood type . " Ultimately , Rosen flew to New York and underwent surgery at Mount Sinai Medical Center to remove one of his two healthy kidneys . "  Let 's say I donated a kidney and received compensation , " he said . Rosen 's story is one of several that have come to light in recent weeks as part of a worldwide CNN investigation into what appears to be a widespread black market in human organs currently under scrutiny by authorities in the United States and Israel . Rosen says he was paid $ 20,000 for his kidney -- something he admits he lied about in interviews with the hospital 's transplant team . Watch Rosen explain how he sold his kidney " What Rosen did -- and what the man who received the kidney did -- violated a 1994 U.S. federal law that forbids the selling or purchase of live organs for cash . He not only got his money , but made an 11-minute documentary film he called "  Kidney Beans " to show how easy it was to sell an organ . A portion of the documentary shows him lying on a bed , covered in cash he says he was paid . In a written statement , Mount Sinai told CNN : "  The pre-transplant evaluation may not detect premeditated and skillful attempts to subvert and defraud the evaluation process . " "  Mount Sinai 's transplant screening process is rigorous and comprehensive , and assesses each donor 's motivation , " the hospital said . A hospital medical source put it more bluntly : "  We were duped . " According to kidney transplant doctors , the process of pre-screening , blood-type matching and other related medical issues normally takes two months before any surgery . During that time , both recipient and doctor have to make several visits to a team of doctors , social workers and perhaps even ethicists before a final decision is made . Hospitals often ask donors to sign documents which ask whether they have received any compensation for donating a kidney or other organ . But no documentation is required to prove a family connection . The chief of nephrology at Mount Sinai later said hospitals and doctors are primarily concerned with medicine . "  We 're not detectives . We 're not the FBI , " Dr. Barbara Murphy said . "  People can , on occasion , deceive us . " But what Rosen did was not unique , according to the World Health Organization , which says 10 percent of kidney transplants worldwide are believed to be illicit . Dr. Eli A. Friedman , a leading kidney specialist , teacher and researcher at Downstate Medical Center in Brooklyn , said the United States leads the world in kidney transplants . About 16,000 of them are performed every year , he said . "  That would mean that somewhere between 1,500 and 2,000 transplants in the United States might fall in the categorization of being illegal , " Friedman said . He added , "  I have had several experiences with patients with data that says they got a kidney from their brother , their sister or from their parent when they do n't have a brother or a sister , " Dr. Friedman told CNN . " The transplant was performed under false circumstances . " And Friedman said he 's been offered bribes of $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 by kidney brokers . "  Of course I was very happy to see them leave the office very rapidly , " he said . The extent of the underground network came to the surface in late July , when FBI agents arrested a Brooklyn businessman on charges of organ trafficking . A federal complaint against Itzhak-Levy Rosenbaum said he had offered to provide a new kidney for a relative of an undercover FBI agent for about $ 160,000 . According to the complaint , Rosenbaum told the agent he could buy the kidney for about $ 5,000 and gave instructions on exact procedures and methods to avoid detection . The complaint quoted Rosenbaum as bragging : "  So far , I 've never had a failure . " Ronald Kleinberg , the attorney for Rosenbaum , told CNN he could not comment on the FBI complaint "  because I have not had enough time to assess the information . " He said CNN 's "  assertions are incorrect , " and that law enforcement 's account of Rosenbaum 's network was inaccurate . But law enforcement sources said Rosenbaum had been the centerpiece of a kidney-for-sale operation , which he called "  United Lifeline , " that operated extensively for nearly a decade . The donors and patients in this network were linked by one common theme -- they were Jewish . Investigators say the donors usually came from Eastern Europe , were mostly poor and willing to sell their kidneys to U.S. and Israeli patients . According to one expert on organ trafficking , the FBI had been alerted to Rosenbaum 's activities years ago . Nancy Scheper-Hughes , an anthropologist at the University of California at Berkeley and founder of a newsletter called "  Organs Watch , " said she had told the FBI about Rosenbaum and her suspicions about him seven years ago . "  I think they thought it was a very few bad apples , " Scheper-Hughes said . The FBI said would not officially comment on her assertions , but an FBI source later said , "  We developed our own leads . " According to Scheper-Hughes , the same day she spoke to CNN , she had learned of another illegal transplant surgery taking place at Cedars-Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles . The donor , she said , was a young Korean national who had received more than $ 25,000 for one of his kidneys . "  This is a kid that does not speak much English , who is terrified and shaken , " she said . "  And he thought , ` Maybe I 've made a mistake to do this , but $ 25,000 is a good amount of cash . ' " Scheper-Hughes said the cash had been handed over in two increments , with the second paid to a relative in a hospital bathroom . In a statement , Cedars-Sinai spokeswoman Sally Stewart said living donors "  must state they are not receiving payment for their kidney . " "  If at any time during the evaluation process , the transplant team suspects the donor is inappropriately being paid for a kidney , the transplant is canceled , " she said . But a hospital source later told CNN , "  We do not give lie-detector tests to our patients . " According to Scheper-Hughes , who is in the final stages of writing a book on organ trafficking , much of the world 's illicit traffic in kidneys can be traced to Israel . "  Israel is the top , " she said . "  It has tentacles reaching out worldwide . " Until March 2008 , Israeli law allowed Israeli citizens to go abroad for live organ transplants from non-related donors . But there was no way for Israeli authorities to keep track of how many of those cases involved money changing hands , the country 's Health Ministry said . Israeli investigators are looking intensively at illegal organ trafficking under the new law , the ministry said . And prosecutors in Nazareth sent nine Israelis to jail in 2007 after uncovering a black-market ring that was buying and selling organs . Gilad Ehrlick , the assistant district attorney for Israel 's Northern District , said he was shocked by the case . Secretly recorded conversations showed that Arab and Russian newspapers were targeting low-income Israelis and Palestinians with ads saying there would be payment in exchange for providing a kidney . "  The idea was the people were calling out of despair , out of urgent need who needed a quick way to make money , " he said .	CNN investigating what appears to be a widespread black market in human organs Israeli man says he received $ 20,000 for his kidney He says he lied to the hospital about the money he received 10 percent of kidney transplants worldwide are thought to be illegal
CNN  -- The deliberate policies of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and his late father , Kim Jong Il , may have killed millions of North Koreans , either by starving them to death or sending them to die in a system of political prisoner concentration camps unlike any since the regimes of Hitler and Stalin . For years , the world has been so fixated on the North 's nuclear weapons that it has lost sight of reports of such systematic crimes . Yet they are the very reason we should care that North Korea could develop an effective nuclear arsenal . Indeed one of the very sites of this alleged brutality  $ " Camp 16 -- lies right next to North Korea 's nuclear test site . A recent report by Amnesty International confronts us with more evidence of the Kim Jong Un regime 's disregard for the lives of its own people and , by extension , our own . We 've long known that these camps were places of horror . Kang Chol Hwan , one of few survivors , published his memoir of Camp 15 more than a dozen years ago . One of us published the first satellite imagery of Camp 16 in 2007 , finding what appeared to be its distinctive fence lines and guard posts right where defectors said they would be . But even in 2012 , when this detailed imagery analysis of Camp 16 was published , there were still no eyewitness accounts . It was a place prisoners never left , dead or alive . Still , we have accounts of what went on in the other camps . Witnesses had told about the building in Camp 22 where two parents breathed air into the lungs of their dying children before they perished together in the camp 's experimental gas chamber , and about the two children who drowned when a guard kicked them into a waste pond . We have heard of the guest house at Camp 18 where , according to witness accounts , women prisoners were raped before the guards murdered them , and of the former athlete who was killed by a guard at Camp 14 after hunger drove him to eat part of the guard 's leather whip . We read how guards at Camp 15 would allegedly make starving prisoners race along the side of a cliff for corn cakes , and laugh each time one fell to his death . Amnesty International has since found the first known witness from Camp 16 , who says that guards there forced prisoners to dig their own graves and then killed them with hammers . He reports that at Camp 16 , too , guards raped and murdered women , whose names we 'll never know . We add their fate to a long list of horrors , but at least , in some small way , they are mourned . Until a year ago , we would have estimated that the total population of these camps was 200,000 . Today , our estimate is closer to half of that . The "  lucky " survivors of Camp 18 were apparently "  released in place " when the fences around their camp were taken down , but the 30,000 prisoners of Camp 22 simply disappeared . Local residents said that a few thousand survivors were loaded onto trains in the night and sent away , perhaps to Camp 16 . The Amnesty report concluded that new construction at Camp 16 could not hold this many new prisoners . The fate of Camp 22 's survivors -- if there were any -- remains unknown . New imagery shows that North Korea recently expanded three camps -- Camps 14 , 16 and 25 . The prisoners in these camps , according to witness accounts , are condemned by nothing resembling a fair trial , for things we would not recognize as crimes  $ " complaining about hardships in the "  People 's Paradise , " escaping to find food , practicing religion , criticizing the ruling Kim family , or simply being related to such "  offenders . "  North Korea collectively punishes the children , spouses and parents of political prisoners . The world is belatedly awakening to evidence of North Korea 's crimes against humanity . The U.N. 's creation of a commission of inquiry to investigate such crimes is an important start , but it is only that . As innocent North Koreans languish , starve and die in these camps , largely hidden from view , the world must open its eyes to this deplorable reality . The capacity for abstract sympathy is not just the mark of human civilization , it warns us of a growing danger to all of humanity . Just as the world once united to condemn and isolate South Africa 's apartheid regime , it must deny the Kim regime access to the global financial system until it closes these murderous camps forever . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joshua Stanton and Sung-Yoon Lee .	Joshua Stanton , Sung-Yoon Lee : Recent Amnesty report shows North Korea prison horrors Witnesses tell of people imprisoned with little cause , beaten , tortured , raped , killed Two camps have apparently closed , their prisoners either freed or disappeared , they say Writers : World slowly waking up to this depravity . It must further cut off North Korea financially
CNN  -- A BBC journalist who got into North Korea by using a group of students from a top British university as camouflage is facing accusations that he recklessly endangered their safety and damaged the school 's reputation . BBC reporter John Sweeney posed as a student from the London School of Economics and Political Science , or LSE , on a visit to the secretive nation last month , during which he filmed footage for the broadcaster 's prime-time current affairs show "  Panorama . " He traveled with his wife and a cameraman . Officials and student representatives from the LSE say Sweeney did n't fully explain the situation to the students he was traveling with in advance , saying only that "  a journalist " would join the trip . In doing so , they say , he put the students at risk and jeopardized future visits by the school 's academics to North Korea and other politically sensitive countries . "  The students were not given enough information to enable informed consent , yet were given enough to put them in serious danger if the subterfuge had been uncovered prior to their departure from North Korea , " the LSE said in a statement . The authoritarian North Korean regime tightly controls who enters its territory , with journalists from the international news media , including CNN , often refused entry . Authorities significantly restrict the movements of those who are allowed in . And the penalties for those who break the rules can be severe . In 2009 , two American journalists reporting from the border between North Korea and China were arrested and received heavy prison sentences . They were released later that year after former President Bill Clinton flew to North Korea and met with top officials there . The LSE students and the BBC journalists all returned safely from their trip last month , but some of the students then complained about what Sweeney had done , said Alex Peters-Day , the secretary-general of the LSE 's students union . "  I think it 's absolutely disgraceful that he put students in that position , " she said Sunday in an interview with the BBC . "  It 's incredibly reckless . " According to Peters-Day , the students "  were lied to , they were n't able to give their consent . " But Sweeney and the BBC say the students on the trip were aware of the risks involved . "  All of them were told twice that a journalist was coming , " he said in a separate interview with the BBC . "  I was that journalist , I used my own name . " A BBC spokesman said in a statement cited by the broadcaster that "  the students were all explicitly warned about the potential risks of travelling to North Korea with the journalist as part of their group . This included a warning about the risk of arrest and detention and that they might not be allowed to return to North Korea in the future . " Sweeney did , however , admit that he falsely claimed to be a PhD student at the LSE in his application to enter North Korea . "  We go in and we tell a lie to the North Koreans , and I believe that 's journalistically fine and proper , " he said , acknowledging that the North Korean government is now "  very angry " about what happened . The LSE said that the BBC journalists had used a university society to set up the controversial trip . "  This was not an official LSE trip , " Craig Calhoun , the director of the LSE , said on his Twitter account . "  Non-students & BBC organized it , used the society to recruit some students , & passed it off . " The Grimshaw Club , the student society of the school 's international relations department , said a former LSE student had told it about the trip , and as a result it had advertised it on its mailing list and Facebook page as an opportunity "  that may be of interest to our members . " "  There was no institutional involvement on our part whatsoever and the trip participants were aware of that , " the club said . As a result of the situation , the LSE said it had asked the BBC to withdraw the "  Panorama " TV program , scheduled to be broadcast Monday , and to make a full apology -- a request the BBC has so far refused . "  LSE is fully supportive of the principle of investigative journalism in the public interest , and applauds the work of journalists in dangerous parts of the world , " the university said . "  We can not , however , condone the use of our name , or the use of our students , as cover for such activities . " In his interview with the BBC , Sweeney said the majority of the students who were on the trip supported the "  Panorama " program that he and his team had produced . But Calhoun said the program "  seems to have found no new information and only shown what North Korea wants tourists to see . " He also said that "  producers of ` Panorama ' seem not to have learned any lessons from recent BBC scandals , " an apparent reference to the BBC 's handling of abuses police say were carried out on the corporation 's premises by the late TV presenter and radio host Jimmy Savile . That scandal has cost several top BBC officials their jobs , including former Director-General George Entwistle .	A BBC reporter posed as a student to get into North Korea The London School of Economics said he put its students on the trip in danger The BBC says the students were informed of the risks But LSE officials say they were n't given enough information
CNN Student News  -- March 29 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Washington ; Ellis Island Hong Kong Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Carrie Mathison is sorely in need of some vindication on "  Homeland , " but the fictional character 's show just got more than it could hope for -- taking home four Emmys on Sunday night for outstanding drama series , writing for a drama series , lead actor  for Damian Lewis , who plays Nicholas Brody  and lead actress  for Claire Danes , who plays Carrie  . All the Emmy love for "  Homeland 's " spectacular first season -- in which Danes ' troubled CIA agent tried to prove that Lewis ' returned prisoner of war had been turned by the enemy -- can only help build anticipation for the around-the-corner second season , slated to kick off this coming Sunday on Showtime . "  We 're all wondering what 's next , " said Mandy Patinkin , who plays Carrie 's CIA mentor , Saul . "  What 's going to happen to her ? To him ? To them ? To the world ? We 're all so curious . It 's wonderful . It really is a piece that second-guesses every answer , five or 10 seconds later . It 's like , ` Whoa ! I did n't see that coming . ' " When the show returns , six months have lapsed since Carrie voluntarily started electroshock treatment for her bipolar condition , which caused her to lose a few crucial memories -- including one about Brody yelling out the name of a terrorist 's son in his sleep . Not knowing this , the discredited Carrie has been able to let go of her obsession to prove Brody has been turned by al Qaeda and has spent her time away from the CIA living with her sister and her father , teaching ESL to adult students . Meanwhile , Brody , after deciding not to detonate a bomb to kill the vice president , has further entrenched himself into politics . Not only has Brody been elected to Congress , but he 's also being vetted as a potential candidate for the next vice president , which ups the stakes in a number of ways . "  Brody 's just everybody 's b **** now , " Lewis says with a laugh . "  Last year , it was all about Carrie getting squeezed by her illness , her condition , and this year , it 's about Brody being caught between the forces , the two sides , " executive producer and writer Howard Gordon said . "  He could be more dangerous in a political position . He 's asking , ` Why kill a person when I can kill an idea ? ' And then we wonder , does he mean that ? Or is he now playing both sides ? " Although the audience knows now whether Brody had in fact been turned and if Carrie was off-base in her suspicions , season 2 wo n't suffer from any loss of ambiguity , Lewis said . "  I was concerned at first , because season 1 presented Brody as the threat , the menace of the show , while at the same time , eliciting sympathy from the audience , " the actor said . "  I enjoyed the confusion of that , too . But there is more pressure this season -- more anxiety , more paranoia , more sweaty palms ! " Even in Carrie 's absence , the pressure is on the home front because Brody 's wife , Jessica , is "  no longer in the dark , " said Morena Baccarin , who plays Jessica . Brody 's daughter Dana , who made the crucial phone call to stop Brody in the act last season , "  knows something 's not right , " said actress Morgan Saylor , who portrays the teen . "  There are things that are going to come out , " Saylor added . "  Carrie definitely planted a seed in her . " Carrie 's eventual return to the CIA -- even just informally , not as an employee -- also sweats Brody 's palms as he wonders whether she 's back on his trail .  She 's not -- at least not initially  . In the first episode of the season , "  The Smile , " a CIA source refuses to talk to anyone but Carrie , which causes the agency to seek her help . "  There will be things that come out of that meeting , " Gordon promised . "  And there will be battles and allegiances within the agency involved in bringing her back . There 's sort of a turf war , and it 's sort of incendiary . " The operation takes place in Beirut  but was shot in Israel  , and to get into the region , Carrie changes her appearance and travels under a false ID . "  I love Carrie as a brunette , " Showtime Chairman and CEO Matthew C. Blank said . "  I told Claire , ` You 're the only one who can look that hot as a blonde and a brunette in a single hour . ' " Although she 's disguised , her cover at one point gets blown -- and she gets out of the jam with an ingenious technique that signals that the Carrie of old is back . "  She 's been put through the wringer , right ? " Danes said . "  So I think she 's starting to get some validation and the vindication she 's been looking for . And I think people are rooting for her . I 'm so honored to be playing her . I love her . " "  The first year , we knew we had something special , " Patinkin said . "  But you have to ask why : ` Why do they like it ? ' So in hindsight , I 'd say that it hit a nerve about the longing to understand , and the lost ability to listen and understand like Carrie does . " Although Carrie has spent the past six months of the show not listening , and not understanding , there will come a point when she recognizes that she was n't wrong after all , Gordon promised . "  Carrie reconciled herself to the belief that she was wrong , " he said , "  and the pieces realign and take off in a way where there 's a huge reckoning . It 's a season-long process , " building , perhaps , to a moment when Carrie and Brody finally meet up again .  Or so it seems from the previews , which also suggest a blood-covered Brody burying a body . But as everyone involved with the show cautions , "  It 's not what you think it is . " "  The season really is about how does the Carrie-Brody story pan out , " Gordon said . "  There 's a lot more to come , but those two , whenever Carrie and Brody are on-screen together , it 's amazing . The screen just explodes . "	Anticipation is sky-high for the return of Emmy-winning Showtime series ` Homeland ' Star Damian Lewis said there will be "  more pressure this season " The first episode sees Claire Danes ' Carrie disguise herself for a mission Danes : Carrie starts to get the validation and vindication she 's been looking for
DALLAS , Texas  CNN  -- The FBI has seized a two-page , handwritten letter of condolence sent by Jacqueline Kennedy to the widow of Robert F. Kennedy shortly after he was assassinated in 1968 . The family contends the letter was stolen . Jacqueline Kennedy sent her sister-in-law a condolence letter in 1968 which is now in the hands of the FBI . "  We 're trying to determine who the legal owner is , " said Mark White , a spokesman for the FBI . "  There 's still an ongoing investigation . " The letter 's path from the Virginia home of Robert Kennedy 's widow , Ethel Kennedy , to a locked evidence vault in the Dallas field office of the FBI is described in a six-page affidavit filed last month in U.S. District Court in the Northern District of Texas by Special Agent John Skillestad . It says Max Kennedy , the son of Ethel and Robert , alerted the bureau in July 2006 to the letter 's pending auction at Heritage Galleries and Auctioneers Galleries in Dallas . Max Kennedy , who said he is the sole person in charge of his parents ' papers , "  stated that he had not given authority to sell , give , or donate any papers of Ethel or Robert Kennedy to anyone , " the affidavit says . After the gallery pulled the letter from its auction , the FBI traced its provenance to Thomas Nuckols , who told authorities he had found it among the papers left by his father , Russell Thomas Nuckols , a plumber who died in 1999 . "  Thomas Nuckols said he was dumbfounded upon discovery of the letter because he had never seen it before and did not know how it came into his father 's possession , " the affidavit says . Nuckols said he contacted the Kennedy Library in Boston , Massachusetts , but "  the person on the telephone did not seem too interested in the letter " and referred him to a Connecticut collector , who bought it for $ 6,000 , the affidavit says . CNN has not been able to reach Nuckols . The letter was then resold to several other collectors , and was at one time valued at as much as $ 30,000 before it wound up with the Dallas auctioneer , who has cooperated with authorities , the FBI said . Last October , the FBI spoke with Ethel Kennedy , who said she remembers Russell Thomas Nuckols as a plumber who worked at the Kennedy house in Virginia during the 1960s and 1970s , the affidavit says . The 81-year-old widow of the former senator and attorney general said she "  never gave the letter to anyone to keep and under no circumstances would anyone have the authority to transfer ownership of the letter to anyone . " The affidavit concludes that the letter "  is considered as a stolen good . " Once the rightful owner is determined , it will be given to that person , FBI spokesman White said . "  I do n't know how long it will take . " Jacqueline Kennedy was the widow of President John F. Kennedy , who was assassinated in 1963 . In the letter she mentions "  Stas , " an apparent reference to Stanislas Radziwill , her brother-in-law . Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis died in 1994 . The letter is not dated , but appears to have been written shortly after Robert Kennedy died on June 6 , 1968 , the victim of an assassin 's bullet . The Dallas News printed a copy of the letter , which White confirmed is authentic . It reads : My Ethel -- No one in the world could have ever been like you were yesterday -- except maybe Bobby -- We are going home now -- Your phone was busy You do n't want any more callers you must be so tired -- I stayed up till 6:30 last night just thinking -- and praying for you -- and for you in the months ahead -- I love you so much -- You know that anything -- Stas will take little Bobby to Africa -- I 'll take them around the world + to the moon + back -- anything to help you + them now and always -- With my deepest deepest love Jackie	FBI trying to determine who owns letter written by Jackie Kennedy in 1968 Letter passed from collector to collector , but widow says she gave it to no one Letter found among papers of Russell Nuckols , who died in 1999 , son says Son Thomas Nuckols told authorities he found it among the papers left by his father
Sydney , Australia  CNN  -- The competitive spirit between Australia and New Zealand rarely dims , but New Zealand has sprinted ahead of its trans-Tasman rival to become the first country in the Asia Pacific region to legalize same-sex marriage . The move has left Australia 's gay community feeling behind in terms of gay rights . The New Zealand Parliament passed legislation with a convincing 77 to 44 vote amending the Marriage Act to permit gay , lesbian , transgender , bisexual and intersex couples to marry . The vote caused the supporting New Zealand lawmakers to erupt into applause and an overjoyed public gallery to burst into song . The lawmaker responsible for the bill , Louisa Wall , thanked her female partner as she grasped a bouquet of rainbow-colored flowers . "  Nothing could make me prouder to be a New Zealander than passing this bill , " Wall said . Meanwhile in Australia , the rainbow symbol -- long associated with gay activism -- has taken on a more militant meaning with a social media-fuelled rainbow revolution underway in which activists across Australia have been "  chalking " the colors of the rainbow in public spaces . The nationwide protest was triggered by a New South Wales government decision to remove a rainbow-painted pedestrian crossing in the city 's gay heartland . Painted at a cost of 110,000 Australian dollars , and with the permission of the authorities during the last Sydney Mardi Gras in March , it was ordered to be removed by the state 's roads minister , Duncan Gay , soon after the partying ended . Gay said removing the crossing , at a cost of 30,000 Australian dollars , was necessary because it was a distraction to drivers and posed safety risks . The move gave rise to a Facebook protest page that garnered widespread support and surprised even its instigator , James Brechney . "  I just thought it would be really funny to put on Facebook , I thought I 'd get 50 Likes on my wall , " Brechney told News Limited . Shops have reported depleted stocks of chalk as hundreds of rainbow crossings have appeared across the country , including small towns . The phenomenon , meanwhile , has spread worldwide . Rainbow crossings have appeared in London , Los Angeles , New York , Singapore , Vancouver , Berlin and Nairobi . But the chalk protest and the vote in New Zealand Parliament have not moved Australian politicians . Prime Minister Julia Gillard said she could n't see Australia following New Zealand , although she has permitted a conscience vote on a same-sex bill when it was debated and failed last year . " I doubt we 're going to end up agreeing , " she told a member of the public at a community cabinet meeting in Melbourne . Gillard believes marriage is an act between a man and a woman . She has , however , said she would allow another conscience vote and has urged the opposition Coalition leader Tony Abbott to do likewise . Although several Coalition frontbenchers support it , Coalition lawmakers were denied a conscience vote during last year 's same-sex marriage bill vote . Abbott , like Prime Minister Gillard , remains unmoved by New Zealand 's decision . ` We had a parliamentary vote on this just a few months ago ... and it was fairly decisively rejected , " he said . While Australia 's political leaders have not been swayed , New Zealand 's vote has given new hope to Australia 's gay community . Australian Marriage Equality national convener , Rodney Croome , said the New Zealand move could be a ` game changer ' because Australia and its nearest neighbor are so culturally inter-linked . "  Growing international pressure takes it up a notch , " Croome said . "  Those Australians who support this reform will be inspired and encouraged to redouble our efforts in trying to achieve this for Australia , " he said . Croome said the fact conservative New Zealand Prime Minister John Key allowed his parliamentary colleagues a conscience vote and voted for the law himself , could change the political appetite for reform in Australia . "  It sends a direct message that this is an issue conservatives can support . It will increase support for a conscience vote despite what Tony Abbott says , " Croome said . "  I would n't be surprised if there 's a push for a conscience vote before the election , " he added . Croome predicts thousands of Australian gay couples will begin to make their way across the Tasman to marry because the New Zealand legislation does not limit the right to marry to residents . "  They 'll be returning to Australia to find that their solemn vows of lifelong commitment are not recognized in Australian law . They will be one of the important catalysts for change in this country , " he told CNN . Nevertheless , he said he wo n't be amongst those leaving Australia to tie the knot . "  I want to marry in my home state , Tasmania , " he said . The benefit to the New Zealand economy is expected to be big . Croome 's Australians Marriage Equality lobby estimates it will be in the order of 700 million Australian dollars while Chris McKellar of Gay Tourism New Zealand believes it will be worth between 150 and 160 million Australian dollars . "  New Zealand is set to reap a massive economic dividend from the wedding-spend of those Australian same-sex couples who are tired of their country 's failure to act , " Croome said . Australian census statistics show that some 1,300 gay couples had traveled to Canada and Argentina to take advantage of same-sex marriage laws . A sizeable proportion of couples using New Zealand 's civil union law since it was passed in 2005 , have been Australian too .	New Zealand Parliament votes 77 to 44 to allow same-sex couples to marry Lawmakers erupt into spontaneous song after the amendment is passed Australia 's gay community feels it is lagging behind its more progressive trans-Tasman rival Australia has started a ` rainbow rebellion ' chalking streets with rainbow symbols
CNN  -- Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari on Tuesday insisted that his country 's nuclear arsenal is "  definitely safe , " despite growing concerns about recent gains by the Taliban along the country 's border with Afghanistan . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari insists his country 's nuclear arsenal is "  definitely safe " from militants . In an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , Zardari responded to the fact that the United States does n't know the locations of all of Pakistan 's nuclear sites . He also addressed the Obama administrations concern over whether the weapons are vulnerable to Taliban fighters who are gaining control of some border regions . "  They ca n't take over , " Zardari said , referring to militants . "  We have a 700,000  person  army -- how could they take over ? " For the last two weeks , Pakistani troops have been battling Taliban fighters in Buner and Lower Dir , two districts bordering the Swat Valley -- a broad Taliban stronghold in Pakistan . Army generals claim to have killed scores of militants . Pakistan 's government recently signed a deal that would allow Islamic law , or sharia , in the Swat Valley , in exchange for an end to fighting . Still , Pakistan 's military is continuing an assault on militants in Taliban-held areas after they seized territory in violation of the agreement signed by Zardari . Last week , U.S. President Barack Obama said Pakistan 's government appears to be "  very fragile " and argued that the United States has "  huge national security interests in making sure that Pakistan is stable " and does n't end up a "  nuclear-armed militant state . " And , after making two visits to Pakistan in the last three weeks , Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , indicated Monday that he is "  gravely concerned " about recent Taliban and al Qaeda gains across much of southern Afghanistan and in Pakistan . Pakistan 's nuclear weapons are "  definitely safe , " Zardari said Tuesday . "  First of all , they are in safe hands . There is a command and control system under the president of Pakistan . And Buner ... there has been fighting there before . There will be fighting there again and there will always be an issue of people in those mountains that we 've been taking on . " Zardari 's comments came as the Obama administration prepared for meetings set for Wednesday with Zardari and Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai to discuss security in the region . A senior administration official told reporters that the U.S. objective of the meetings is "  an alliance with these countries against a shared threat . " Watch Pakistan 's U.S. ambassador discuss the Taliban insurgency " Zardari and Karzai will also be visiting key congressional leaders and policymakers in advance of meetings with Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . A bill called the Enhanced Partnership with Pakistan Act of 2009 , introduced by Sens. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , and Dick Lugar , R-Indiana , would authorize $ 7.5 billion in non-military aid to Pakistan over the next five years to foster economic growth and development , and another $ 7.5 billion for the following five years . Zardari , for his part , said he is grateful for the financial aid Pakistan has received from the United States , but said he needs "  more support . " "  I need drones to be part of my arsenal . I need that facility . I need that equipment . I need that to be my police arrangement , " he said . The U.S. military has carried out airstrikes against militant targets in Pakistan , after Zardari 's government was criticized for not cracking down on militants along the Afghan border . The unmanned drone attacks have rankled relations between Pakistan and Washington . Asked whether the U.S. strategy bothered him , Zardari said , "  Let 's agree to disagree . ... We 're still in dialogue . " Zardari also denied speculation by some Congressional lawmakers that his country has used most of the $ 10 billion given by the United States to strengthen its arsenal against a threat from nuclear rival India -- as opposed to going after the ongoing militant threat . "  They 've given $ 10 billion in 10 years , a billion nearly a year for the war effort in -- against the Taliban , and the war that is going on , " he said . Zardari also addressed his government 's apparent resistance to significant U.S. involvement on Pakistani soil . Recently , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates observed , "  There has been a reluctance on their part up to now . They do n't like the idea of a significant American military footprint inside Pakistan . I understand that . And -- but we are willing to do pretty much whatever we can to help the Pakistanis in this situation . " Zardari called Pakistan 's relationship "  pretty strong " and said , "  We are asking . We 've been asking for a lot of help , and it has been in the pipeline for a long time . "	Pakistani President insists his state 's nuclear arsenal is safe , despite Taliban gains Recent gains by the Taliban along Pakistan 's Afghan border have raised concerns For 2 weeks , Pakistani troops have fought Taliban in districts bordering Swat Valley U.S. President Barack Obama said Pakistan 's government appears "  very fragile "
CNN  -- Eminem and Rihanna 's "  Monster " is headed for the MTV Movie Awards . The duo will perform the No. 1 hit live for the first time at 2014 's show , which is scheduled to air on Sunday , April 13 . They 'll join previously announced performers Ellie Goulding , Zedd and twenty one pilots . Through user votes , the MTV Movie Awards honors the best , funniest and most absurd in movies from the prior year with the network 's version of a trophy : the golden popcorn statue . This year 's ceremony will be led by late night host and comedian Conan O'Brien . It 'll also be a big night for Channing Tatum , who will receive MTV 's Trailblazer Award . Tatum , 33 , is the first male star to receive the honor , which is in its third year and recognizes actors who 've taken "  unique and diverse " paths to success . Prior recipients include Emma Watson and Emma Stone , the latter of whom will make an appearance by video during the ceremony . Stone and her "  Amazing Spider-Man " co-star Andrew Garfield are scheduled to reveal a never-before-seen clip from their May release , "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 . " The MTV Movie Awards will kick off Sunday at 9 p.m. ET/8 p.m. CT , and fans can still cast their vote for who should win . Following their performance at the MTV Movie Awards , Eminem and Rihanna will gear up for a brief joint tour this August , when they 'll co-headline tour stops in Los Angeles , New York and Detroit .	Eminem and Rihanna will perform at the 2014 MTV Movie Awards It will be their first live performance of their No. 1 hit , "  Monster " The MTV Movie Awards will air on Sunday , April 13 The ceremony 's host is Conan O'Brien
CNN  After a Russian fighter jet intercepted a U.S. reconnaissance plane in an "  unsafe and unprofessional manner " earlier this week , the United States is complaining to Moscow about the incident . On Tuesday , a U.S. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker . The Pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland . The U.S. crew believed the Russian pilot 's actions were "  unsafe and unprofessional due to the aggressive maneuvers it performed in close proximity to their aircraft and its high rate of speed , " Pentagon spokesman Mark Wright said . Russian state news agency Sputnik reported the U.S. plane was flying toward the Russian border with its transponder switched off , according to a Defense Ministry spokesman . Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said the Russian jet flew around the U.S. plane several times to identify it and get its tail number . An official with the U.S. European Command said the claim that the transponder was off was false . Wright said the Pentagon and State Department will "  file the appropriate petition through diplomatic channels " with Russia . This is not the first time the U.S. has complained about an incident involving a RC-135U and a SU-27 . A year ago , a Russian jet flew within 100 feet of a RC-135U over the Sea of Okhotsk in the western Pacific , according to U.S. officials who called it "  one of the most dangerous close passes in decades . " The Pentagon complained to the Russia military about that incident . Russian and U.S. aircraft often encounter each other , both in Northern Europe as well as the area between the Russian Far East and Alaska . CNN 's Steve Brusk and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	The incident occurred on April 7 north of Poland in the Baltic Sea U.S. says plane was in international airspace Russia says it had transponder turned off and was flying toward Russia
Houston , Texas  CNN  -- John Phillip Hernandez and a friend walked into the Collector 's Firearms gun store in Houston , Texas , to buy a cache of weapons . Hernandez was wearing sunglasses and a dark T-shirt with the words "  I Am the Scene " scrawled across the front . It was April 28 , 2007 . Collector 's Firearms was one of two gun stores they visited that day as part of a scheme to arm Mexican cartels across the border , according to federal court documents . Hernandez 's friend passed his background checks and did all the buying , prosecutors say . On that spring day , he purchased six weapons , including a quick-firing 7.62-caliber firearm and a favorite cartel weapon , the Bushmaster .223 . Within days , ATF investigators say , those weapons were put on the road and funneled into the hands of cartel members . "  The cartels are looking to supply their private armies , and they are coming up with more elaborate , larger schemes , " said Dewey Webb , the special agent in charge of Houston 's Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives field office . The Houston case offers a glimpse into the underworld of illegal gun trafficking and how Mexican drug cartels find much of their firepower in the United States . Straw purchases are made by people who are legally qualified to buy firearms , but those weapons then make their way into the hands of criminals , authorities said . The daily struggle plays out as drugs flow north and guns and money flow south . At least 55 murders were the result of the gun scheme that began in Houston gun shops , authorities said . Hernandez is at the center of the case , what Houston ATF agents say is one of the largest straw-purchasing schemes they have ever seen . "  He does n't stand out in a crowd , " an ATF agent told CNN . "  He 's just a regular guy . " The agent asked not to be identified because he 's been intricately involved in the investigation of this case . Federal investigators say Hernandez recruited and organized 23 people around Houston . Together the men funneled nearly 340 firearms valued at almost $ 370,000 to Mexican drug cartels . ATF agents say almost 100 of those weapons have turned up at cartel-related crime scenes in Mexico and Guatemala . Hernandez pleaded guilty in 2009 to making false statements about firearms purchases . He 's currently serving an eight-year prison sentence . Of the 23 other people connected to the case , 11 have pleaded guilty for their roles in the gun trafficking scheme . Each was sentenced to less than eight years in prison . Several others struck plea deals and continue to cooperate with federal authorities . What made this group so effective was its ability to appear like ordinary gun buyers . All the men had clean criminal backgrounds , authorities say . It was n't until the firearms started showing up at violent crime scenes in Mexico that federal investigators started piecing together the magnitude of the case . ATF investigators , cooperating with Mexican authorities , traced the weapons back to various Houston gun shops and started seeing the same names of repeat customers . "  It really surprised us at first that we had this many people linked together , " said the ATF agent who spoke on condition of anonymity . Federal investigators say Hernandez and his men were reimbursed by the cartels for the money spent on the weapons , and then paid an extra $ 100 to $ 200 for each firearm they supplied . The weapons Hernandez purchased himself , according to federal court documents , were used in the kidnapping and murder of a prominent Mexican businessman . Another group of weapons turned up in a shooting known as the "  Acapulco Massacre " in 2007 . Seven people were slaughtered that day , including four police officers . ATF agents say breaking up these networks of straw purchasers in the United States is a key battlefront in the fight against Mexican drug cartels . "  These folks that are out buying these guns , they 're just as responsible as the people pulling the trigger and killing people in Mexico , " said Webb , Houston 's top ATF agent .	Guns smuggled to Mexico after sale in Houston-area gun stores At least 55 killings linked to gun trafficking scheme Twelve people have pleaded guilty for their roles in the gun scheme This story is part of the American Morning series "  The Gun Trail "
CNN  -- It will be Shakespeare as nobody has seen it before . Over six weeks next spring , London 's Globe Theatre will present all 37 of the Bard 's plays in 37 languages , performed by companies from as many countries . Theater groups from the newly independent nation of South Sudan and conflict-torn Afghanistan , as well as the Balkans , China , New Zealand , South Africa , Italy , France , Russia and Belarus will be among those taking part . One play , Love 's Labour 's Lost , will be performed entirely in British Sign Language  BSL  , used by the deaf community , while the Q Brothers from Chicago will stage Othello in hip hop . Tom Bird , festival director for the Globe to Globe event -- which will run from April to June as part of the "  cultural Olympiad " ahead of the London 2012 Olympics -- told CNN it was the most ambitious project of its kind . Between a third and a half of the plays to be staged had already been adapted into the various languages , but the festival 's organizers also traveled widely looking for talented theater groups to create new adaptations . They were "  completely bowled over " by the enthusiasm shown for the project by countries around the world , he said , and had to make some difficult decisions about who would make the cut . "  The tricky thing is we ca n't get everyone in , so we thought a little bit about the languages that are spoken in London , like Urdu , Yoruba and Polish , " Bird said . "  We also looked at countries that have a great long history of performing Shakespeare , like Georgia and Armenia , and finally if there was a very good show , we could take that anyway . " Some of the groups chosen to take part face "  incredible obstacles that no European or Western theater company would have to put up , " he said . The actors from Afghanistan had been rehearsing in the British Council compound in the capital , Kabul , that was attacked last month , leaving eight people dead and twice as many injured . "  Luckily they were n't there on that day , but it was really a very , very lucky miss , " Bird said . The Afghan actors can not currently get visas for Britain in Kabul , so will have to rehearse The Comedy of Errors in India and then travel to London from there , he said . Acting involving both men and women , the latter not always covering their heads , also presents a cultural challenge , he added . The theater company from South Sudan gave its first performance at independence day celebrations this summer , as the new nation emerged from decades of civil conflict . The group will perform William Shakespeare 's Cymbeline in Juba Arabic , in what will be "  a great moment in the history of the country , " Bird said . The three plays of Henry VI , about England 's first great civil war of the 15th century , will be staged as a Balkan trilogy by the national theaters of Serbia , Albania and Macedonia , whose actors can draw on the region 's recent turbulent past . Globe to Globe 's statement points to the Belarus Free Theater -- which will perform King Lear -- as "  the world 's bravest theater company " for its work , "  which it does in spite of the threat of state persecution . " The Palestinian group Ashtar Theater , from Ramallah , will present Richard III in Palestinian Arabic , while the Israeli National Theater company Habima will perform The Merchant of Venice in Hebrew . Bird hopes the range of languages represented will bring a new audience to the Globe , a reproduction of the original Elizabethan theater on the banks of the River Thames in which William Shakespeare himself had a stake . An estimated 60,000 Bangla speakers live in London 's inner city Tower Hamlets area , he said -- and the festival organizers hope many will want to see The Tempest performed in that tongue . Some of the 130,000 Brazilians in London could also flock to the Globe to see Romeo and Juliet performed in Brazilian Portuguese by a troupe from Belo Horizonte . As for those theater enthusiasts who do n't speak a myriad of languages ? They wo n't find a line-by-line subtitling of each play , Bird said , but a synopsis will be provided so people can follow the gist of what is happening -- and performances will be limited to no more than two-and-a-quarter hours in length . Audiences can also enjoy experiencing performance styles , costumes and music from the four corners of the world . "  We want people to really listen to the language , even if they do n't understand it , " Bird said . "  We hope they will enjoy hearing these familiar stories in an unfamiliar language . " Tickets will be on sale to the public from October 17 . The Globe to Globe festival starts April 23 , William Shakespeare 's birthday .	Shakespeare 's plays will be presented in 37 different languages Theater companies from all over the world are taking part Among them are groups from South Sudan , Afghanistan and the United States The Globe to Globe festival is part of London 's Olympic build-up
CNN  -- Oilfield contractor Halliburton has agreed to pay Nigeria $ 35 million to settle bribery allegations that led to charges against former Vice President Dick Cheney and other executives , the company announced Tuesday . Cheney , who was Halliburton 's CEO in the 1990s , and nine others were charged with conspiracy and "  distribution of gratification to public officials " in a long-running case involving the company and its Kellogg , Brown and Root subsidiary . Nigerian officials accused the company of paying bribes to secure $ 6 billion worth of contracts for a liquefied natural gas project in the Niger Delta . "  Pursuant to this agreement , all lawsuits and charges against KBR and Halliburton corporate entities and associated persons have been withdrawn , " the company announced in a statement Tuesday evening . Nigerian officials agreed "  not to bring any further criminal charges or civil claims against those entities or persons " in return , the company said . The $ 35 million includes $ 2.5 million to pay legal fees and other expenses for the Nigerian government , Halliburton said . There was no immediate comment from Nigerian officials to the news . Halliburton also agreed tp help Nigeria recover money from a Swiss bank account set up by a former agent for its Nigerian joint venture TSKJ , the company said . Nigerian officials said as much as $ 130 million had been stashed in Switzerland . The bribes are said to have amounted to $ 180 million between 1994 and 2004 . The settlement announced Tuesday is far smaller than the $ 120 million a spokesman for Nigeria 's Economic and Financial Crimes Commission cited as a possible fine last week . An attorney for Cheney , who left office in 2009 , said there was no reason to suspect the former vice president was guilty of any wrongdoing . "  The Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission investigated that joint venture extensively and found no suggestion of any impropriety by Dick Cheney in his role of CEO of Halliburton , " Terrence O'Connell said . Halliburton pleaded guilty to foreign bribery charges in the United States last year and paid a $ 402 million criminal fine , the U.S. Justice Department said . KBR and Halliburton also paid $ 177 million to settle civil complaints related to the bribery , the Justice Department said . Many observers in Nigeria regarded the charges as a publicity stunt by the financial crimes commission ahead of national elections in April and as a symbolic effort to display resolve against government corruption . The agency has had limited success in getting successful prosecutions and has n't charged any high-profile people since its top commissioner was removed from the body in 2007 .	The allegations date back to the 1990s , when Cheney was Halliburton 's CEO The $ 35 million settlement includes Nigeria 's legal fees and expenses Halliburton was accused of paying up to $ 180 million in bribes
Sochi , Russia  CNN  -- "  He did n't want carpets , he preferred to hear footsteps of people as they approached on the wooden parquet flooring , " says Anna Hovantseva , the tour guide , as she explains another interior-design quirk of one of the most morbidly fascinating personalities of the 20th century . It 's fair to say Joseph Stalin , the notorious dictatorial leader of the Soviet Union , still holds a curiosity for many . The Georgia native helped create much that is modern Sochi , the host of the 2014 Winter Games , when he built his summer retreat in this town in 1937 . The retreat is open to visitors and will soon offer rooms to guests this summer for 7,000 roubles  $ 200  per night . Welcome to the home of Stalin . Benefiting from the cool , restorative mix of sea and mountain air streams , the villa -- or "  dacha , " as it 's known locally -- was situated for the health-giving nature of its surroundings . Nestled in the coniferous , cypress-tree forest of the Matsesta mineral springs area and perched in the foothills of the Caucasus Mountains , it was seen as the ideal refuge to replenish the man whose day job was ruling over 200 million people . Follow CNN 's live Sochi Winter Olympics coverage It also has a rather snazzy green exterior . "  The color is the same as the trees , it camouflages the building , " adds Hovantseva -- another handy feature for a property if you have many enemies . For guests staying over , the facilities do n't compare well to the luxurious standards of comfort demanded by modern national leaders . The interiors of every room consist of uniform beechwood paneling devoid of decoration . Portraits of Stalin that adorn the walls and the fireplace were hung there long after his demise , such was his dislike of them . There 's a swimming pool , so small it more closely resembles an oversized sunken bath , where the Communist chief enjoyed walking  he could n't swim  in seawater up to his shoulders . There are also fantastic views of the Black Sea , which laps against the shore a few miles away . Entertainment is basic , especially given the cinema room where Stalin used to view his favorite Charlie Chaplin movies is no longer functioning , but there is a billiards room with the original table and cue used by the man dubbed "  Uncle Joe . " And in a break with tradition of museums around the world , visitors can use both to try to pot balls in the small Russian-standard pockets . However , there is one word of warning : If you 're considering a stay it 's probably wiser to visit in the summer . The property walls are a secure 70 centimeters thick and , on Stalin 's orders , the house has no heating . That accounts for the cool temperatures in the majority of rooms CNN visits . But it remains a mystery why the temperature drops five degrees in Stalin 's cinema , where his waxwork sits ominously behind a desk in front of copies of Pravda and opposite a bullet-proof sofa . Our guide denies the presence of the rumored ghost of Stalin : "  No , absolutely no . It is cold because of the architecture .  The thick walls  are very difficult to warm up . Of course now it is cold in the dacha , but it 's very pleasant to stay there in summer . " It was designed by architect Miron Merzhanov , to whom Stalin made only one request for the building : No fountains . A direction that required a swift alteration to the original water feature that sat in the middle of the central courtyard into a flowerbed . Despite the dacha 's peculiarities , though , the presence of the leader of the USSR in such a small coastal resort had a seismic effect in the town now being viewed on televisions across the world . "  No doubt that when our leader began to visit Sochi , the city benefited from great development , " Hovantseva says . "  Earlier our city was the resort for the nobility , for only rich people . There had been tourists ' villas long before Stalin came here . "  But when Stalin began to visit Sochi , he began to develop it as a resort town for all people . Thanks to him , a lot of sanatoriums and hydropathic establishments  and  a road to Matsesta were built . All in all , he did really much for the development of Sochi . " Ironic then that the town Stalin "  built " was the one chosen by President Vladimir Putin , who also has a summer house in Sochi , to represent the modern face of Russia to the world . Local journalist Alexander Valov edits the independent "  BlogSochi , " a forum he has used to reflect the positive and negative sides of Sochi hosting the Olympics , much to the ire of Russian officials . "  First of all I see it from the city 's point of view and how the infrastructure is being developed . But there are negative sides , too ... we had a huge beach with 70 meters covered with pebble , a beautiful seafront , but now  as a result of development  there is no beach . The ecology and nature was damaged greatly , " Valov told CNN . The choice may be seen as shrewd if costly politicking by some , but for Hovantseva , Sochi seemed like the obvious and most welcome choice to host the Winter Games . "  With the Olympics , Sochi has received a great new development . For example , the new buildings were built , even the image of the city has changed . We could compare the current policy with Stalin 's one , " she says . "  I was not surprised because our city is really unique . Thanks to our mild climate you can relax here all year round , even in winter . So it was quite logical and natural , " the guide tells CNN as we view the pictures of Stalin 's family on show in the fridge-like cinema room . There is a black and white image of his second wife Svetlana , who died young -- officially from appendicitis amid rumors of suicide . There 's also pictures of his son Yakov , who did not survive internment in a German prisoner of war camp . The smiling faces in the photos do not convey the whole picture , according to Hovantseva . "  Generally , he liked to be all alone . He loved his wife Svetlana and his children . He had no friends . He read and thought a lot . He enjoyed hunting . He also loved farming . He grew lemons  for medicinal drinks  . So he was an unsociable man , I think . " Hovantseva says there is no shortage of interest in the dacha . She thinks attitudes toward Stalin are as varied as the visitors to the site ; some consider him a great politician , many consider him a dictator and treat him a little "  disdainfully . " However , one factor that shows no sign of changing is the restorative powers Sochi offers to the political elite .	Joseph Stalin 's summer home is on sightseeing list for Sochi Dictator helped create much that is modern Sochi when he built dacha in 1937 Home has several features helpful to a man who had many enemies
Pakistani politicians have chosen a close ally of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to serve as the country 's president , Pakistani state broadcaster PTV reported Tuesday . Mamnoon Hussain , a well-known businessman from the southern city of Karachi , was elected to the largely ceremonial role in a vote by federal and provincial officials across the country . Pakistan 's Election Commission said a formal announcement would be made later Tuesday . Since the presidency is a nonpartisan role , Hussain would have to resign from the Pakistan Muslim League-N party , which Sharif leads . Hussain would succeed President Asif Ali Zardari , one of Sharif 's longtime political rivals . The presidency was more powerful under Pervez Musharraf , the army general who held the office from 2001 to 2008 after he led a 1999 military coup . But after Zardari became president , a constitutional amendment reduced presidential powers in April 2010 .	Mamnoon Hussain is a well-known businessman from Karachi He would take over the largely ceremonial presidency from Asif Ali Zardari Hussain is an ally of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif
Hong Kong  CNN  -- As potentially hundreds of thousands of Hong Kong citizens prepare to take to the streets in a now-annual display of public disapproval of Beijing 's interference in the city 's affairs , voices in China 's state-run press are warning that the protests are a bad idea . Every year , on the anniversary of the city 's return to Chinese rule , pro-democracy protestors take part in huge , peaceful protests against what they see as the heavy-handed influence of the central government . Hong Kong is governed according to China 's "  one country , two systems " model , enjoying a high degree of autonomy in its government , judiciary , and legal systems under a leadership approved by Beijing . Organizers are hoping that this year 's march may see a particularly large turnout , following an unofficial referendum -- held by activist group Occupy Central -- that ended on June 29 with a total of nearly 800,000 ballots cast in support of free elections for the city 's next leader . The figure represents about 22 % of registered voters in Hong Kong , out of a total of 3.5 million registered voters . As well as the march , which begins in the city 's Victoria Park and ends in the Central business district , this year will see an overnight sit-in , which has been planned for after the march . The Federation of Students and Scholarism will camp overnight on Chater Road , the city 's business heart , as well as outside the government offices in the Admiralty district of downtown Hong Kong , until Wednesday morning . State response The Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office of the State Council emphasized on Monday that the referendum is "  illegal and invalid . " The following day the Chinese edition of the Global Times , a state-run publication known for its uncompromising op-eds , published an editorial warning that recent pro-democracy activities -- including the referendum , as well as the upcoming rally and sit-in , are polarising Hong Kong society . The article urges Hong Kong people not to be "  kidnapped " by the radical opposition . Another state mouthpiece , the English-language China Daily , points out in an article that political forces calling for full autonomy in Hong Kong are ignoring economic realities . "  Without the mainland ,  Hong Kong  would be left with only half of its trade , one-fourth of its foreign investment and visitors , not to mention only one-tenth of its water and food supply , " the piece says . The Global Times also reports that it polled 1,434 people in major cities in China , including Beijing and Shanghai , and found that 77 % of respondents think Hong Kong 's future should be jointly decided by the entire population of China , and 82 % polled said that they would support the government to take strong moves to maintain stability should riots in Hong Kong occur . Microbloggers react Weibo , China 's microblogging platform , showed a more diverse range of opinions on Hong Kong 's recent pro-democracy activities , with users in the the mainland , with positions ranging from support to scathing criticism of Hong Kong 's political aspirations . "  Hong Kong people know where their interest lies in and they do n't need your  Global Times  phony kindness , " said user @lddldd0000 . "  Hong Kong stand up ! " The view was echoed by @Pianyezhiqiu , who posted : "  Residents in Hong Kong have political ideals . They 're not like the puppets who only chase after benefits . " However , not all netizens were as tolerant of Hong Kong 's political experiments . "  The ` referendum , ' ` occupy central , ' such and such are against the Basic Law , and therefore , the acts are invalid and illegal , " said @ htkg2011 . User @Mingweizhe was a little more phlegmatic . "  Let 's ignore them . Let Hong Kong people handle their own business . "	Hong Kong prepares for a potentially huge protest against Chinese political interference Annual demonstration buoyed by recent political activities in the city Chinese government and state-run media warn against Hong Kong residents embracing the pro-democracy movement China 's microblogging site Weibo shows mixed reaction to events in Hong Kong
Washington  CNN  -- Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan once fretted that she "  may have really f -- ed up " after a miscommunication with other aides about a segment on the CNN show "  Crossfire . " Her comments were in a note to her boss , White House Counsel Jack Quinn , that was among the nearly 10,000 documents released Friday by the Clinton Presidential Library . Kagan , an associate counsel in the Clinton White House whom President Barack Obama later nominated to the Supreme Court , was explaining to Quinn a "  right-hand-left-hand " communication problem as aides prepared for media appearances amid Paula Jones ' sexual harassment allegations . "  God , do I feel like an idiot , " Kagan said . Clinton documents show ` West Wing ' mindset In another document released Friday , Kagan offered an interesting recommendation for who should defend Clinton against Jones ' sexual harassment accusations at the Supreme Court : John Roberts . A handwritten note lists Roberts with the word "  Hogan " underneath his name -- a reference to the law firm now called Hogan Lovells , where he then worked . Another page lists Roberts ' name again , this time with some biographical details . Kagan and Roberts now serve on the Supreme Court together . Roberts never worked on the Jones case . June : More Clinton documents released : Here are the highlights The documents released Friday cover the entire Clinton presidency from 1993-2001 and are the last batch of documents released by the library under the Presidential Records Act . The act says the documents must be made available to the public 12 years after the end of a president 's administration . The Clinton Library began releasing the documents in batches starting in February . Here are four other interesting tidbits disclosed in Friday 's release : - In a January 1993 meeting with Clinton six days after his inauguration , members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff voiced opposition to gays serving openly in the military . Marine Corps Gen. Carl Mundy says those who admit to being gay or who associate with Gay Pride "  will have a negative effect " and that it "  fractures teamwork . " For a person to "  proclaim : I 'm gay " is the "  same as I 'm KKK , Nazi , rapist , " Mundy says . Apparently Vice President Al Gore did n't like Mundy 's comments ; the notes indicate he called them "  borderline . " Clinton tells the military chiefs that the whole issue causes him "  great discom  fort  " as he wrestles with the idea of gay men and women who are patriotic and devoted to the armed forces but unable to serve because they declare they are gay . Later in the meeting , he says the "  people I would like to keep  in the military  would n't show up at  a  Queer Nation parade . " - Keith Olbermann , then in his first run as an MSNBC host , sent Clinton a letter apologizing for the network 's coverage of the Monica Lewinsky scandal and for "  whatever part I may have played in perpetuating this ceaseless coverage . " Olbermann added that he had a career change in the works , writing , "  I 'll be headed back to my previous career in sports as quickly as possible . " Clinton aide R. Scott Michaud said he planned to flag the letter for the president to see , and also asked if it 'd be OK to send Olbermann a generic response . - Jennifer Palmieri , who is now President Barack Obama 's communications director , makes an appearance when she receives an explanation for how to open an email attachment . "  It can be accessed by hitting ` launch , ' " she is advised . - Mike Huckabee , who was then the governor of Arkansas , needed a "  warm response " to his letter to Clinton declaring May 8 , 1999 , as "  Safe Television for All Ages Day " in his state and asking the president to make it a national proclamation . A White House aide noted atop the letter that Huckabee "  hates " Clinton and was planning to run against Democratic Sen. Blanche Lincoln . "  He needs a quick/warm response , " the note says . Clinton documents : Much has changed , but much still the same	President Bill Clinton 's library releases nearly 10,000 pages of documents They include colorful remarks from Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan A top military official compared gay people to Nazis , rapists and the KKK One document also has an explanation for e-mail attachments
LifeWire  -- When April Kling locked eyes with a handsome stranger on her flight out of Chicago last Christmas , her heart skipped a beat . So she did what any hip 21st-century single would do : She posted an ad on Craigslist.org 's "  missed connections " bulletin board when she got home . A "  missed connection " ad led to the marriage of Dan and Erin Kottke who welcomed son Linus two years later . "  He replied within two hours , " says Kling , a 29-year-old sales associate and musician from Seattle . "  We e-mailed back and forth and realized we had a lot of mutual friends . I thought , ` Wow , this is meant to be . ' " It was n't . Kling and her missed-connection match went out a few times , but then he bowed out , citing relationship butterflies . Three weeks later , however , a mutual friend told Kling the guy was seeing someone else . But he apparently was still smitten with the story of how he and Kling met . "  I was at a wedding and this girl came up to me and says , ` Are you that April who dated so-and-so last winter ? I just love your story -- it 's so romantic , ' " says Kling . "  For me , that 's the kind of story you tell if you 're still together . " Yearning to be ` missed ' Craigslist , Kizmeet.com , ISawYou.com , SubwayCrush.com -- these missed-opportunity matchmakers have become a staple of online modern love . They 've also become a way for some singles to fantasize about the people they 'd like to meet and those they hope will want to meet them . "  I love reading those missed-connections ads . Everyone does , " says Adrienne Meraz , a 22-year-old gallery assistant from New York City . "  And I 've always had this hope in the back of my mind that someone would ` miss ' me . " Meraz 's wish came true in February after a chance encounter with a handsome graphic designer named Jeff at the grocery store , when they both reached for the same carton of orange juice . At home a few hours later , Meraz , an avid reader of Craigslist 's missed connections , surfed over to the site and got the surprise of her life : "  Beautiful girl in the sambas at Trader Joe 's - m4w - 23  Union Square  . " "  When I saw Jeff 's ad , I started screaming , ` I 'm the brunette in the  Adidas  Sambas ! ' " Meraz says . The two have been dating ever since . Desperately seeking someone Mary Robertson , a documentary filmmaker in New York City , is n't surprised by the appeal of the missed connection . She 's been working on a film about the phenomenon for 10 months . "  What inspires me about these ads is the density of the narrative , " says Robertson , 30 , who 's read and responded to hundreds of Craigslist postings since beginning work on the film . "  The longing , the romance -- all in this small space . They 're like haikus . " Some of the stories Robertson has collected are heart-wrenching -- like the Milwaukee man who spent five hours talking with a woman in a New York bar , realized she was the "  love of his life , " then left without getting her number . Others , like the woman whose online flirt turned out to be married , are cynical reminders of how elusive true connections can be . Most ads come from commuters afraid to talk to someone on the subway out of shyness , says Robertson . Other chance encounters occur at big-box stores like Target . "  There 's one elevator in the Target on Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn that seems to be a real hot spot for romance , " she says . "  If I were single , I 'd ride that elevator up and down . " Redefining the pickup line The appeal of missed-connection Web sites may indicate a shift in how people approach the search for love . One woman Robertson interviewed told her of a flirtatious encounter with a guy at a pizza parlor . Rather than give the guy her number , Robertson says , "  she said to herself , ` I 'll just find him later on the Internet . ' Five years or even two years ago , you would n't have thought you could find a stranger on the Internet . But that possibility exists now . " That 's not necessarily a good thing , says Bonnie Jacobson , director of the New York Institute for Psychological Change and author of "  The Shy Single : A Bold Guide to Dating for the Less-Than-Bold Dater . " "  We have so much technology , all these ways of communicating that are n't face to face , it 's intensified our fear of direct communication , " she says . "  It 's always scary to say hello to a stranger , but going to the Internet just keeps the hesitation going . " Happily ever after ? But missed connections are n't just about being too shy to approach a potential love interest or reaching for the unattainable out of fear of commitment . Sometimes , they 're simply about losing the object of your attraction in a crowd . Dan Kottke , a 31-year-old architect from Minneapolis , says he was disappointed when he could n't find Erin , the "  cool girl with the magnetic personality " he 'd chatted with at a concert on September 4 , 2006 . But he was delighted when he saw her Craigslist posting the next day . "  A lot of those ads seem to be from guys and girls who ca n't work up the courage to ask the person out , " he says . "  But in the case with Erin , it was a true missed connection . " Kottke and Erin , a 26-year-old marketing manager , went on a date three weeks after she posted the ad . Their story has a true -- and traditional -- happy ending . "  It 's really unbelievable to think how one little item like an Internet posting has changed my life , " says Kottke . "  But a couple of years later , I 'm happily married and have a great son . I really do owe a lot to Craigslist . " LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Diane Mapes is the author of "  How to Date in a Post-Dating World " and writes a column , Single Shot , for the Seattle Post-Intelligencer .	If you saw your perfect love , but were afraid to talk , post ad on the Web Filmmaker : Elevator in Target in Brooklyn is "  real hot spot for romance " Dan Kottke : I owe my wife and son to Craigslist Woman : I read the ads hoping someone will "  miss me "
CNN  Imagine sitting on a dusty , busy street in New Delhi , crowded with vendors and people running quickly about the market . A woman 's lapis-colored sari swishes past you in the golden-colored dusk . You 've been here since morning . A tourist extends a hand with a crumpled paper bill . You try to lift your hand to accept , but you ca n't . The muscles are paralyzed , and your mind ca n't command them to move . You use your knee to balance your arm and grasp the rupee . Then you use your foot to pick up your bag and head home for the day . This is everyday life for Bipin Kumar . Kumar , known as BK , contracted polio as a child , and he has learned to adapt to how he moves and lives . Kumar has no brothers or father to provide for him , so he moved to New Delhi 10 years ago to pursue the only means of income he could -- begging on the streets . Photographer Elena del Estal was in India last year when the World Health Organization announced that polio had officially been eradicated from the country . It had been exactly three years since the last contracted case . Del Estal was fascinated by this . She could n't help but wonder about those already living with the crippling effects of this horrible disease . She traveled to a small village near Kolkata to meet a little girl who was India 's last case of polio . This gave her the inspiration to begin a long-term project on those suffering in a country that 's now "  polio-free . " First she met a boy named Dharmender who lived in Uttar Pradesh , a state in northern India . Even though his village was poor , his family took good care of him . Del Estal spent time with him and accompanied him during a surgical procedure in New Delhi . She said that while Dharmender is very fortunate to have the opportunity for surgery , he will still never have a "  normal " life . "  His daily life is hard . ... Everybody around him was working and having a family , and he can not have this , " Del Estal said . "  So on one hand , it 's  a  hard situation , and on the other hand , it 's easier than the other boy I met . " She 's speaking of Kumar , the young man who moved to New Delhi to support himself and his elderly mother back home in a village up north . Del Estal first met Kumar when she was wrapping up the first segment of her project . From the beginning , she said , he was very trusting , allowing her into his daily life . Del Estal was intent on capturing an authentic portrayal of Kumar 's life -- the everyday logistics of moving through a city without one 's limbs at command . She said she was amazed at how adept he was at maneuvering his world . He could carry notebooks with his neck , grasp a pencil in between his clutched fingers , smoke a cigarette using his feet and prop his arms on his knees to move them forward . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Between the two of them -- Del Estal speaking a little Hindi and Kumar speaking a little English -- they wove a patchwork language of friendship and understanding . Kumar told her of his love interest -- a girl who had feelings for him as well -- but her parents would never allow their union . Del Estal said that while Kumar wants a job , employment is next to impossible for someone in his condition . But his spirit is tenacious . He knows how to read and write and he is skilled at taking care of himself . Before heading to the main bazaar in New Delhi every day , he washes and dresses himself . There are no days off for him . As shops open and tourists fumble through a foreign world in flip-flops and Bermuda shorts , Kumar positions himself in a visible location and smiles and greets everyone who passes with , "  Namaste . " Del Estal has been so impacted by his friendship that she said her next plans are to do a project on his life . "  I want to go to his village to meet his mother and keep taking pictures about his life because he is such a beautiful person , " she said . "  It 's such a sad  circumstance  yet amazing life . I want to keep documenting his  story  . " Elena del Estal is a Spanish photographer based in India .	In March of last year , it was announced that polio had been eradicated in India Photographer Elena del Estal could n't help but wonder about those already living with the disease
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Thousands of demonstrators , mostly students , lined the streets Friday outside Sanaa University as anti-government protests continued . Anti-government throngs also hit the streets in Aden in southern Yemen , according to eyewitnesses . Eyewitnesses reported that security forces tried to disperse the crowd with tear gas and attacked using batons -- an account authorities disputed . The eyewitnesses said 11 demonstrators in Aden were wounded while one died of gunshot wounds . Authorities insisted no one had been killed . Protests also were reported in the cities of Taiz and Ibb . The protest in Sanaa , the capital , was countered by a pro-government demonstration on Tahrir Square , where thousands waved flags and held up pictures of President Ali Abdullah Saleh . "  We are gathering in support of President Saleh 's initiative and to show the international community that we are with Saleh and that the opposition does not control the streets , " Interior Ministry spokesman Mohammed Maueri said before the demonstration . Anti-government protesters said they were looking for the regime to end . "  This protest and all the following protests are for the fall of the regime , " said Noman Saleem , an anti-government demonstrator . "  We will not slow down until it falls . Whether it takes place today or tomorrow , we are patient , and we will wait . " Hasam Zaid , general-secretary for the opposition Haq party , said the Sanaa University gathering is a "  people 's protest " that is n't being coordinated by any particular political party . "  We are joining the youth to be among them and not to lead them , " he said . Saleh has ruled Yemen since 1978 . The country has been wracked by a Shiite Muslim uprising , a U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda operatives and a looming shortage of water . High unemployment has fueled much of the anger among a growing young population steeped in poverty . The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom . Saleh has promised not to run for president in the next round of elections , and he has said he supports the creation of a national unity government to oversee upcoming parliamentary elections . But he has refused to step aside immediately . On Monday , he compared the anti-government protests to an illness sweeping through the region . "  This is a virus and is not part of our heritage or the culture of the Yemeni people , " he told reporters . "  It 's a virus that came from Tunisia to Egypt . And to some regions , the scent of the fever is like influenza . As soon as you sit with someone who is infected , you 'll be infected . "	Protests are also reported in Aden , Taiz and Ibb Government loyalists also come out in Tahrir Square Opposition supporters are outside at Sanaa University "  We will not slow down " until the regime falls , one protester says
Sao Paulo  CNN  -- Antonio Patriota , Brazil 's foreign minister , stepped down Monday night amid a diplomatic row with neighboring Bolivia . President Dilma Rousseff 's office issued a brief statement , saying Patriota had submitted his resignation and would be replaced by Brazil 's representative at the United Nations , Luiz Alberto Figueiredo . The resignation comes a day after a Brazilian diplomat helped an opposition senator from Bolivia flee into Brazil . The senator , Roger Pinto , had been living in the Brazilian embassy in La Paz for more than a year after seeking asylum there . Pinto said he was targeted by Bolivian officials after accusing members of Bolivian President Evo Morales ' government of drug trafficking and corruption . Over the weekend , Brazilian diplomat Eduardo Saboia helped Pinto flee to the border during a 20-hour drive in a diplomatic car . That action sparked outrage from the Bolivian government . In a television interview , Saboia said he had acted without consulting with the Foreign Ministry . According to the press statement , Patriota will be appointed to head up Brazil 's mission at the United Nations . Dozens killed in Bolivian prison fire , brawl	Antonio Patriota , Brazil 's foreign minister , steps down Monday night A Brazilian diplomat helped an opposition senator from Bolivia flee into Brazil Patriota resigns in the diplomatic fallout ; statement says he 'll get U.N. post
CNN  -- We do n't yet know all the facts behind the now-infamous , poorly fact-checked story in Rolling Stone about an alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia . What we do know : Rolling Stone at first blamed the alleged victim , "  Jackie " -- rather than its own journalistic sloppiness -- for so-called "  discrepancies "  before changing its callous statement  . And new reporting by the Washington Post does reveal that Jackie 's friends , cited in the story , say they are skeptical about some of the details . Still , they all believe that Jackie experienced something "  horrific " that night , in the words of one , and we do know that Jackie stands by her story . Most of the doubts about it were apparently raised by those she 's accusing , including the fraternity and main alleged assailant -- whom , I guess , we 're supposed to believe instead . But one other thing we do know is that gang rapes just like what Jackie is alleging do happen -- too often , and all over America . Here 's one measure : Today the Department of Justice 's Bureau of Justice Statistics released a new report showing that 80 % of college rapes and sexual assaults go unreported to police , and 67 % of such attacks by non-students go unreported . It would be a terrible and infuriating mistake to use the confusion around Jackie 's story as a convenient way to discount this reality . While Rolling Stone 's reporting was clearly shoddy , for example , some writers who initially poked holes in Jackie 's story did so for ideological motives . For instance , even before the reporting lapses were revealed , conservative commentator Jonah Goldberg called Jackie 's story unbelievable . "  It is not credible , " Goldberg wrote in the Los Angeles Times . "  I do n't believe it . " Instead , Goldberg insisted , Jackie 's account was "  a convenient conversation for an expos  of rape culture , " something , incidentally , Goldberg also doubts to be real . " ` Rape culture ' suggests that there is a large and obvious belief system that condones and enables rape as an end in itself in America , " Goldberg later wrote in National Review . It 's all hogwash , says Goldberg , alleging that the very idea of "  rape culture " is just "  an elaborate political lie intended to strengthen the hand of activists . " In other words , whatever the reality of what happened to Jackie , Goldberg and others were skeptical because they simply do n't believe rapes like that happen with the participation of groups of assailants , let alone the complicity of bystanders . This is where they 're mistaken . On October 24 , 2009 , in Richmond , California , a 15-year-old girl was repeatedly raped by a group of young men in a courtyard outside their high school homecoming dance . Six assailants were eventually tried and ultimately pleaded guilty or were convicted . Over two hours , as the assault occurred , as many as 20 other people watched . "  As people announced over time that this was going on , more people came to see , and some actually participated , " said Lt. Mark Gagan of the Richmond Police Department . The witnesses did n't report the crime to police . On August 12 , 2012 , a 16-year-old girl who was incapacitated by alcohol was raped by two high school football players in Steubenville , Ohio . In the backseat of a car and later in the basement of a house , the two assailants stripped their victim naked and took turns , one inserting his fingers into her vagina , the other forcing his penis into her mouth . This is not in dispute . Both football players were convicted of the crime . As the crimes were taking place , friends took pictures that were shared with other friends . Ultimately , Ohio investigators confiscated 17 cell phones used in sharing the pictures . Some of those at the party even posted pictures of the unresponsive girl , being carried by her wrists and ankles , on Twitter with words like "  rape " and "  drunk girl . " In Steubenville , four adults have been indicted after being accused of covering up the incident , including the school superintendent . On May 11 , 2014 , an 18-year-old woman was allegedly sexually assaulted by three students at a party after their high school prom . The three alleged assailants , all prominent athletes , have been charged with multiple counts of aggravated assault and are awaiting trial . According to police , at least one person witnessed the assault in the room where it took place and several other people at the party knew it was happening . But no one stopped it . In June 2014 , a 16-year-old girl went to a party where she was allegedly drugged and raped . She does n't remember what happened , only passing out and waking up the next morning with her clothes messed up . But weeks later , the young woman received text messages of photos showing her unconscious and undressed , apparently taken at the same party . The photos went viral on the Internet , with Twitter users posting photos of themselves in the same awkward position , mocking the alleged victim . When the Houston Press asked someone who posted such a picture on Twitter why he did it , he simply said he was "  bored at 1 a.m. and decided to wake up " his Twitter feed . This is by no means an exhaustive account of incidents in which young women have been gang raped while bystanders have either cheered the crime , hidden it or stood by in silence . In the case of Jackie , I believe in innocence until guilt is proven , even as I realize that we have a society where rapists are given the benefit of the doubt , often despite overwhelming evidence , while female victims are shamed  see multiple Bill Cosby allegations  . The fact is , there does n't appear to be any incentive for Jackie to have lied . She was n't seeking to tell her story in the first place  the Rolling Stone reporter found her  , and she must have known that she would face the usual victim shaming and blaming  witness the slime "  journalists " who have now published what they allege is Jackie 's full name and address  . Indeed , while Jackie named the fraternity involved , she left her alleged assailants ' names out of it , so it 's hard to see what sort of "  revenge " agenda could be served by fabrication . Anti-feminists have it wrong . No one , myself included , wants Jackie 's story to be true  that 's absurd and offensive  , but we can not apologize for erring on the side of a fair , compassionate and credulous hearing of a woman 's account . What feminists want -- as we all should -- is a culture in which it is safe for women to report sexual assault when it happens , where they can trust that their families , their peers , the police and courts and , yes , the media will respond with sensitivity and compassion , not skepticism and shame .	Sally Kohn : Facts hazy on UVA rape allegations , but victim-blaming is back in the mix She says poor Rolling Stone reporting gave some license to discredit notion of rape culture She cites 4 incidents in past few years where bystanders did nothing to stop gang assaults Kohn : Feminists do n't want UVA rape story to be true ; they want women to feel safe to tell of rape
CNN  -- The search for a freckle-faced 10-year-old North Carolina girl is over , with police announcing Friday that they had found her remains . "  We have recovered enough physical evidence to believe we have found Zahra  Baker  , " said Hickory , North Carolina , police Chief Tom Adkins . "  Today , our community mourns , our state mourns , our nation mourns , and the world mourns . " Adkins said that DNA from a bone dug up off Christie Road in Caldwell County -- the same place Zahra Baker 's prosthetic leg was recovered late last month -- was consistent with that taken from the girl 's personal items in her Hickory home , about 15 miles away . Meanwhile , investigators are working to confirm that more human remains found earlier this week on Dudley Shoals Road in Caldwell County -- five miles from the Christie Road discovery -- also belonged to Zahra . The North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation will create a complete DNA profile of Zahra , using samples taken from her biological father and mother , to confirm they match the Caldwell County remains , according to Adkins . While there will be no confirmation until those tests are completed , Adkins said Friday that medical examiner 's staff at the Dudley Shoals Road site said the remains found there "  were consistent with a child . " "  Investigators , agents , officers and staff who have worked on this case are devastated that they were not able to find Zahra alive and bring her home safely , " Adkins said . The girl 's stepmother , Elisa Baker , reported Zahra missing on October 9 . Elisa Baker was arrested the next day , after police said that she admitted writing a fake ransom note found at the family 's home in Hickory . But no one other than a relative had seen Zahra since September 25 , according to authorities , when a woman said she saw the girl at a furniture store . In mid-October , police announced they were treating Zahra 's disappearance as a homicide . The disappearance of Zahra made international news . The girl , whose biological parents were both from Australia , lost part of her left leg at age 5 and lost hearing in both ears while being treated for cancer . The girl 's father , Adam Troy Baker , was arrested late last month in nearby Catawba County on eight charges : five counts of writing bad checks and three counts of failing to appear in court . Authorities said that the charges were unrelated to Zahra 's disappearance , and he was later released on bail . His wife , Elisa Baker , remains in jail . Besides an obstruction of justice charge for the ransom note , she was accused of writing worthless checks . Police said that she has been cooperating with investigators , including going with them to the Dudley Shoals search site . Elisa Baker 's sister , Carrie Fairchild , spoke on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " soon after police reported they had found Zahra 's remains . "  Most of the family 's reaction is we 're heartbroken and dealing with probably a lot of anger , too , " said Fairchild . "  She 's made her way into everyone 's heart . She was a special girl and she will definitely be missed . " Friday 's announcement is the most significant , but not the first major development in the search for Zahra 's remains . On October 27 , investigators announced they had found the 10-year-old 's prosthetic leg in a brushy area off Christie Road . And earlier this month , authorities reported finding the bone that Adkins said Friday belonged to Zahra . Zahra 's biological mother , Emily Dietrich , who has not seen her daughter since she was an infant , arrived in North Carolina on Thursday . Dietrich was emotional as she kneeled outside a makeshift memorial at the Baker home , CNN affiliate WCNC reported . At Friday 's news conference , Adkins stressed that "  this is still a developing case " and that investigators would continue to gather evidence . No one has been charged with a crime directly related to Zahra 's disappearance and death . CNN 's Deborah Bloom contributed to this report .	NEW : "  She 's made her way into everyone 's heart , " a family member says about Zahra Baker DNA evidence showed that a discovered bone was Zahra 's Police have been searching for the girl since October 9 Her disappearance is being investigated as a homicide
CNN  -- North Korea said Saturday any sanctions or pressure applied against it following its rocket launch earlier this month will be considered a "  declaration of war . " A North Korean soldier looks into South Korea from the demilitarized zone on April 9 . In an announcement on state-run television , the country said it was ready to step up efforts to develop nuclear weapons and poised for a military response to any moves against it . "  The revolutionary armed forces of the DPRK are always keeping themselves fully ready to go into action any moment to mercilessly punish anyone who encroaches upon the sovereignty and dignity of the DPRK even a bit , " it said . On Monday the United Nations condemned North Korea -- which refers to itself as the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , or DPRK -- for launching a rocket . The United States called the launch a "  provocative act " that violated a 2006 Security Council resolution prohibiting Pyongyang from conducting ballistic missile launches . Pyongyang insists the April 5 launch was a successful mission to place a communications satellite into orbit . The United States says the rocket 's payload did not reach orbit . The U.N. statement says the rocket launch was "  in contravention " to a 2006 Security Council resolution that demanded that North Korea not launch any ballistic missiles . The 15-member council also voted unanimously for a statement by the council 's president demanding the country make no more launches . "  The Korean People 's Army will consider sanctions to be applied against the DPRK under various names over its satellite launch or any pressure to be put upon it through ` total participation ' in the PSI  Proliferation Security Initiative  as a declaration of undisguised confrontation and a declaration of a war against the DPRK , " the announcement on state TV said . "  Now that the group officially declared confrontation and war against the DPRK , its revolutionary armed forces will opt for increasing the nation 's defense capability including nuclear deterrent in every way , without being bound to the agreement adopted at the six-party talks , " it continued , apparently referring to the Security Council . Referring to South Korean President Lee Myung-bak , the statement added , "  The Lee group of traitors should never forget that Seoul is just 50 kilometers  31 miles  away from the Military Demarcation Line . " That line was established by the 1953 Armistice Agreement between the two Koreas -- which are still technically at war . A Friday report North Korea 's official KCNA news agency , seemed to blame the "  war hysteria " on the United States and South Korea after the two countries carried out a combined air force operation in South Korea . The " ` South Korea-U.S. military alliance ' oft-repeated by them is , in essence , nothing but a ` war alliance ' and ` alliance for aggression ' aimed at invading the DPRK , " the report said . "  When a nuclear war will break out due to the war chariot of the ` South Korea-U.S. military alliance ' is a matter of time , " it said . "  The U.S. and South Korean warmongers would be well advised to stop acting rashly , properly understanding who their rival is . "	North Korea says sanctions applied against it will be "  declaration of war " Pyongyang ready to "  mercilessly punish anyone " who applies pressure U.N. has condemned North Korean rocket launch
CNN  -- Congratulations , everyone : We 've finally got rid of the Muslim Brotherhood forever . What a burden off our shoulders ! Finally , we will have a Muslim Brotherhood-less Egypt . It 's only a matter of days until the Muslim Brotherhood 's members are rounded up in jail once again , and Egypt 's normal state is restored . That normal state , where people look good without beards or veils , those "  good-looking people " we see on TV . Egypt will finally be a free , liberal country . Good riddance , Islamists . What 's that ? Some Muslim Brotherhood members died at the Republican Guard headquarters ? And why were they there in the first place ? Are n't you glad this happened to them ? Why are n't you gloating ? You must be a Brotherhood supporter ! You must be an enemy of the military and the state and probably work as a part-time terrorist ! No . I support the demonstrations that started on June 30th and saw that former president Mohamed Morsy was unfit to be president , but that does n't deny the fact that I believe there needs to be a thorough investigation into the events at the Republican Guard headquarters , that I 'd like to know how long the Islamists ' TV channels will be closed ; and that I find the private media to be full of discrimination and inciting rhetoric . No , no , critics might say : you 're being soft ! Keep your human rights to yourself . These people can only be dealt with violently . We have to purge the country of these people . The above is a reflection of the state of mind of many who are on a "  victory high , " or so they imagine themselves to be . The fascist nature of those people is no different than that of the Islamists who think that their enemies ' disappearance off this planet would be a victory for the religion of God . But those on this victory high consider themselves to be different ; they justify their fascism for the "  good of the country . " These people with their liberal values and reverence for freedom differ very little from radical preacher Khaled Abdullah , who was infamous for his favorite quote : "  May God relieve us of you and your likes  the liberals  . " I do not trust or believe the Muslim Brotherhood . We have witnessed from experience that they do not keep their word and lie time and again , as long as it serves their political agenda . They have their means of manipulating religion and justifying their actions so long as it serves their politics . Yes , the Muslim Brotherhood has done all of this and more ; and for that , Morsy deserved to be protested against by the masses , and his organization deserved the abhorrence and repulsion towards them from the people . The senior Brotherhood leaders need to undergo investigation on charges of inciting violence , as well as their shady international relations . This is the legal and political course that needs to take place . I could write volumes on the lack of intelligence on the part of the Brotherhood and their corruption of both religion and politics , but that is another battle that requires different tools . We are losing this battle before it has even begun : those who claim to be freedom fighters and have been denouncing the fascism and discrimination of the Brotherhood are now contributing to the building of sympathy towards them . They are a disgrace to the principles of freedom they claim to stand for . We are returning par excellence to the atmosphere of the 90s when we settled for "  the security option " and the media corruption and let the chests rage with a fire of hatred and allowed extremism to deepen day after day . I do believe that shutting down the Islamist channels was an important decision during a sensitive period , but I 'm now calling for their return . Let them talk as they wish ; it has only served to make people hate and be repulsed by them . Do not give them the chance to play the victim . What are you afraid of ? Of their discriminatory media rhetoric ? Or of their public political stupidity ? My dear anti-Brotherhood liberal , allow me to remind you that just a few weeks ago you were desperately complaining about how grim the future looked , but now that you have been "  relieved " of them you have become a carbon copy of their fascism and discrimination . You could respond by saying that they deserve it , that they supported the security forces and used them to overpower you , to cheat and spread rumors and widen sectarian strife . But is that really your argument ? Have you made of their lowly ways a better alternative for you than abiding by the principles you have stood by for so long ? They lost their moral compass a long time ago . Do you want to follow suit ? Do n't you see that by inciting violence towards Palestinians and Syrians you are exactly like them , when they incite violence towards the Shi'is , the Baha'is , the Christians , and the other Muslims who opposed the Brotherhood ? We have replaced the "  enemies of Islam " scarecrow with the "  enemies of the state " scarecrow . The ideas , approaches and appearances have disappeared , and all that remains are fascism and discrimination that unite us over hatred , rather than reconcile our prejudices . Take the leaders of the Brotherhood to court and investigate the events at the Republican Guard headquarters . Ensure the autonomy of justice whether the victims are from your camp or the other 's . Demand a clear framework within which all political parties are to operate , so that no party can ever spread such discriminatory , sectarian rhetoric again . Yes , the leaders of the Brotherhood must be tried just as the leaders of the National Democratic Party were tried in the case of provision of enough evidence and within the limits of the law . But remember you will never be able to erase the existence of those thousands off the face of the Earth . You will not be able arrest those thousands and their families and children , and you will not be able to prevent them from winning syndicate elections . All you 're currently doing is repeating their past mistakes by turning a blind eye to those thousands , but you are only burying a living truth that will come back to hit you , or the coming generations , in the face . Kudos to those who have not allowed the "  victory high " to rob them of their humanity ; to those few who are currently isolated by everyone else and are not welcome in either camp unless they go with the current flow of hatred and gloating . Humanity has now become an isolated island among wild waves of discrimination and extremism . On this island live those isolated few , their voices fading in the midst of the roaring cries for vengeance and murder . I 'm not optimistic about a population increase on that island anytime soon . But maybe in the future people will migrate to it and try to get to know this thing called humanity that we 've all been stripped of . What I fear most is if a time comes when we pass by that island and cry in dismay : "  Alas , nobody lives there anymore . " This is an edited version of an article that was first published in Al-Shorouk newspaper in Egypt on July 16 in Arabic and was translated by Nadine H. Hafez at Bassem Youssef 's request for the website Tahrir Squared . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bassem Youssef .	Bassem Youssef warns against the "  victory high ' some feel after Morsy 's ouster Youssef : Some of the anti-Morsy forces are just as objectionable as the Islamists There seems to be no home in Egypt right now for those with moderate views , Youssef says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A recent college graduate is suing her alma mater for $ 72,000 -- the full cost of her tuition and then some -- because she can not find a job . Trina Thompson has sued her alma mater , Monroe College of New York . Trina Thompson , 27 , of the Bronx , graduated from New York 's Monroe College in April with a bachelor of business administration degree in information technology . On July 24 , she filed suit against the college in Bronx Supreme Court , alleging that Monroe 's "  Office of Career Advancement did not help me with a full-time job placement . I am also suing them because of the stress I have been going through . " The college responded that it offers job-search support to all its students . In her complaint , Thompson says she seeks $ 70,000 in reimbursement for her tuition and $ 2,000 to compensate for the stress of her three-month job search . As Thompson sees it , any reasonable employer would pounce on an applicant with her academic credentials , which include a 2.7 grade-point average and a solid attendance record . But Monroe 's career-services department has put forth insufficient effort to help her secure employment , she claims . "  They 're supposed to say , ' I got this student , her attendance is good , her GPA is all right -- can you interview this person ? ' They 're not doing that , " she said . Thompson said she has fulfilled her end of the job-search bargain , peppering companies listed on Monroe 's e-recruiting site with cover letters , rsums and phone calls . But no more than two employers have responded to her outreach , and those leads have borne no fruit . Her complaint adds , "  The office of career advancement information technology counselor did not make sure their Monroe e-recruiting clients call their graduates that recently finished college for an interview to get a job placement . They have not tried hard enough to help me . " She suggested that Monroe 's Office of Career Advancement shows preferential treatment to students with excellent grades . "  They favor more toward students that got a 4.0 . They help them more out with the job placement , " she said . iReport.com : "  Do n't sue your alma mater " Monroe College released a statement saying that "  while it is clear that no college , especially in this economy , can guarantee employment , Monroe College remains committed to working with all its students , including Ms. Thompson , who graduated only three months ago , to prepare them for careers and to support them during their job search . " Thompson says she has not hired an attorney to represent her because she can not afford one . When she filed her complaint , she also filed a "  poor person order , " which exempts her from filing fees associated with the lawsuit . Asked whether she would advise other college graduates facing job woes to sue their alma maters , Thompson said yes . "  It does n't make any sense : They went to school for four years , and then they come out working at McDonald 's and Payless . That 's not what they planned . " CNN 's Kristen Hamill contributed to this report .	Monroe College graduate says career office did n't help her with job placement She seeks $ 70,000 for tuition and $ 2,000 to compensate for stress Office shows preferential treatment to students with better grades , she says College says it is "  committed to working with all its students "
Seoul  CNN  South Korea 's Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offered to resign on Monday amid a growing political scandal . Lee will stay in his official role until South Korean President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation . He has transferred his role of chairing Cabinet meetings to the deputy prime minister for the time being , according to his office . Park heard about the resignation and called it "  regrettable , " according to the South Korean presidential office . Calls for Lee to resign began after South Korean tycoon Sung Woan-jong was found hanging from a tree in Seoul in an apparent suicide on April 9 . Sung , who was under investigation for fraud and bribery , left a note listing names and amounts of cash given to top officials , including those who work for the President . Lee and seven other politicians with links to the South Korean President are under investigation . A special prosecutor 's team has been established to investigate the case . Lee had adamantly denied the allegations as the scandal escalated : "  If there are any evidence , I will give out my life . As a Prime Minister , I will accept Prosecutor Office 's investigation first . " Park has said that she is taking the accusations very seriously . Before departing on her trip to Central and South America , she condemned political corruption in her country . "  Corruption and deep-rooted evil are issues that can lead to taking away people 's lives . We take this very seriously . " "  We must make sure to set straight this issue as a matter of political reform . I will not forgive anyone who is responsible for corruption or wrongdoing . " Park is in Peru and is expected to arrive back to South Korea on April 27 . CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	Calls for Lee Wan-koo to resign began after South Korean tycoon Sung Woan-jong was found hanging from a tree in Seoul Sung , who was under investigation for fraud and bribery , left a note listing names and amounts of cash given to top officials
CNN  When Les Moonves sits down at a restaurant in Hollywood , it 's usually the waiter 's lucky night . As the president and CEO of CBS Corp. , which includes Showtime , Moonves runs a powerful television network in a town where nearly every waiter also wants to be an actor . But when he walked into Craig 's in West Hollywood last year , those roles were reversed . This time , Moonves ' waiter , Gabriel Salvador , was the one serving up a mouthwatering opportunity that had nothing to do with the shrimp diavolo . Instead , he was offering Moonves an "  in " to the most coveted match-up in boxing : Floyd Mayweather vs. Manny Pacquiao . "  Moonves ' love of boxing , our love of boxing -- that gave me the confidence to say to him ` Give me a chance , ' " said Salvador , an actor who has appeared in "  Bones " and "  Blue Bloods . " "  I said ' I can help you make this fight happen , ' and he looked at me like , ` Okay , I 'm listening . ' " That 's when Salvador told Moonves his son trained at the Hollywood gym owned by Freddie Roach , Pacquiao 's trainer , and that he would put in a good word for Moonves . At that point , Salvador told CNN , he was driven more by his passion to see the fight happen than any real connection to Roach . But he got Roach 's phone number from his son , Elijah , who was skeptical of his father 's plan . Everybody had already tried , his son said . But Salvador made the call and gained an audience in Roach . "  I said , ` Listen , I can help you make this fight happen , ' " Salvador said in an interview with CNN . Salvador helped set up a meeting between Moonves , Roach and himself at Scarpetta in Beverly Hills that he says began with a discussion about the legacy of boxing . "  Mr. Moonves said to me , ` If this fight happens , you 're going to be sitting there , ' " said Salvador . Salvador 's role ended after that dinner . What followed was a series of meetings between Moonves and both sides that eventually ended the stalemate keeping Pacquiao and Mayweather from entering the same ring . The May 2 fight -- on the pay-per-view services of Showtime and HBO -- is expected to gross as much as $ 600 million . With that kind of money , and a smattering of media buzz around Salvador 's story , inevitable questions circulated over what , if any , reward he should get , given the epic nature of the fight . When asked to comment , Pacquiao 's team downplayed Salvador 's role . "  For him giving Les my phone number I do n't think he deserves a finder 's fee , " Roach told CNN . Promoter Bob Arum said Salvador "  got his 10 minutes of fame , " though he called Salvador "  a really nice guy . " Salvador insists he is not seeking money , and a CBS spokesman confirmed his role in the initial meeting . "  My reward will be sitting at the fight , " Salvador said . Moonves made good on that promise -- Salvador will be ringside on Saturday night . "  It 's about taking a chance , " Salvador said . "  It 's about putting people in touch with each other and being able to sit back and say , ` Wow , I planted that seed . ' "	Gabriel Salvador set up an initial meeting between a TV exec and Manny Pacquiao 's trainer Salvador is an actor and waiter at Craig 's restaurant in Los Angeles
CNN  -- The Swedish tabloid Expressen reported Wednesday that Libya 's former justice minister has accused Moammar Gadhafi of ordering the 1988 bombing of a jet over Lockerbie , Scotland , that killed 270 people . "  I have evidence that Gadhafi ordered the Lockerbie , " Mustafa Abdul Jalil is reported to have told the newspaper , though the article cited no specifics . The tabloid said the interview lasted about 40 minutes and was carried out Wednesday by Expressen reporter Kassem Hamade in Libya "  in the local parliament in a major city . " In the December 21 , 1988 , incident , Pan Am Flight 103 exploded in the air carrying 259 people . Everyone aboard and 11 people on the ground were killed . An investigation concluded that a bomb had been placed on the plane . Abdelbeset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi , a Libyan , was convicted of the crime and sentenced to life in a Scottish prison . But he was released in 2009 on compassionate grounds after being diagnosed the previous year with what was characterized as terminal cancer . He is now living in Libya . According to Mustafa Abdul Jalil , who reportedly has quit his job recently to join the protesters , Gadhafi did everything he could to secure Megrahi 's release to hide his own involvement .	Libya 's former justice minister levels the accusation in Swedish tabloid Expressen Mustafa Abdul Jalil says he has evidence , but article cites no specifics The 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , killed 270 people
CNN  -- The Grammys may have taken a slow , piecemeal route in issuing nominations Friday , but Beyonce , Taylor Swift , Sam Smith and U2 were very much up to speed . Beyonce led all nominees with six Grammy nods , giving her a total of 53 for her career . That cements her place as the most-nominated female artist in history , the Recording Academy -- which presents the Grammys -- observed in a news release . The last one came with album of the year , which was named Friday night on a concert special , "  A Very Grammy Christmas . " Beyonce 's self-titled release of late last year made the list , along with Beck 's "  Morning Phase , " Sam Smith 's "  In the Lonely Hour , " Pharrell 's "  Girl " and Ed Sheeran 's "  X. " Beyonce 's other nominations are for best R&B performance , best R&B song , best urban contemporary album , best surround-sound album and best music film . Newcomer Smith equaled Beyonce with six nominations . His nominations were in the big three -- album record and song of the year -- as well as best new artist , best pop solo performance and best pop vocal album . "  Stay with Me " was picked for both record and song of the year . And Swift ? Though her album "  1989 " came out too late to qualify for the Grammys , her single "  Shake It Off " did well . It was nominated for song and record of the year . Swift also received a third nomination , for pop solo performance . The other record of the year nominees are "  Fancy " by Iggy Azalea featuring Charli XCX , "  Chandelier " by Sia and "  All About That Bass " by Meagan Trainor . Song of the year nominations -- a songwriter 's honor -- went to "  All About That Bass , " "  Chandelier , " "  Shake It Off , " "  Stay with Me " and Hozier 's "  Take Me to Church . " Smith 's competition in the new artist category includes Azalea , Haim , Bastille and Brandy Clark . The old guard , U2 , was n't to be denied . Its album "  Songs of Innocence " received a nod for best rock album , giving the band 46 nominations -- a record for a group . Even Miley Cyrus got into the act . She received her first Grammy nomination ever for her album "  Bangerz , " which was nominated for best pop vocal album . The Grammys tried something new this year . Instead of releasing all the nominations at once , the Recording Academy put them out in dribs and drabs : a handful on CBS 's "  This Morning " and most of the others on Twitter , some through artist accounts . Naturally , the idea earned some criticism . "  This just seems ... odd for such a major show , " wrote the Washington Post 's Emily Yahr . Nevertheless , the musicians have been appreciative . "  Grammy nom and my album multiply has sold 3 million worldwide as of this morning . Good start to the day , thanks for all the support and love , " tweeted Ed Sheeran , who was nominated for best pop vocal album . The 57th annual Grammy Awards will air February 8 on CBS .	Beyonce , nominated for six Grammys , is most-nominated female artist ever Sam Smith also has six nominations Taylor Swift is up for song and record of the year
CNN  -- While all eyes seem to be on "  Slumdog Millionaire " for the Oscars , one very courageous little girl will be focused on another India-based film at the ceremony . Pinki , like millions in developing countries , had to live with her deformity and suffer the social consequences . It 's called "  Smile Pinki , " and it 's up for an Oscar , too -- nominated for best short documentary , which it won on Sunday . The little girl watching it from inside the Oscar ceremony has traveled all the way to Los Angeles , California , from her small Indian village with her dad -- and it has been an incredible journey for Pinki Sonkar . "  Smile Pinki " tells the story of her transformation from a sad outcast to a vibrant 8-year-old with plenty of spunk . Pinki was born with a cleft lip , and her impoverished family did not have the money for corrective surgery . Like millions of other children born with the lip deformity in developing countries , Pinki simply had to live with it and suffer the social consequences . Her father Rajendra Sonkar says : "  She used to go to school and the kids would not befriend her . She would say , ' I do n't want to go to school . ' " Watch how Pinki was transformed by the operation " "  Pinki was a depressed , sad , lonely , shy , young little girl , growing up on the periphery of the society in a little village , " said Satish Kalra , director of Smile Train 's South Asian region , after meeting with Pinki . The little girl 's own family was ashamed of her , Kalra says . But all of that has changed . Pinki is now a real pistol , full of energy and confidence , and she has a fantastic smile too -- thanks to the Smile Train charity . Smile Train teaches doctors in their own countries to operate on cleft lips , a deformity afflicting up to four million children across the world . iReport : Share your Oscar predictions Pinki just happened to be one of the chosen candidates for surgery and was also chosen to be the subject of the documentary . The film chronicles her transformation , following her from her village to the hospital and home again . "  She has absolutely and totally changed , " said Pinki 's surgeon , Dr. Subodh Kumar . The film 's director is Megan Mylan . She has won several awards but not an Oscar -- until now . For Pinki and her dad , being able to see the film 's director win an Oscar would be a thrill . But they know they already have the greatest prize : Pinki 's new smile . "  I am so happy that my daughter 's lips have been repaired , " her dad Rajendra said with a smile , expressing hope that the movie will inspire people to help children whose families ca n't afford the surgery .	NEW : "  Smile Pinki " wins best short documentary Oscar Pinki Sonkar was born with cleft lip ; her family in India could n't afford surgery Smile Train charity provided operation ; 4 million children worldwide have cleft lips Pinki , once an outcast because of the deformity , will attend the Oscar ceremony
Washington  CNN  -- New questions were being asked Wednesday after a video surfaced showing what looks like the largest and most dangerous gathering of al Qaeda in years . Did U.S. intelligence officials even know the meeting was taking place ? "  I ca n't imagine that they knew about this meeting . After all , there have been seven drone attacks in Yemen this year . There was one on April 1 , so it 's not like the drone program is being suspended , " Peter Bergen , CNN national security analyst , told "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " "  It seems to me we do n't know for a fact if they did or did not know about this meeting , but common sense would suggest that they missed it , " he said . U.S. officials are n't commenting on that , but every frame of the video is now being analyzed as a potential piece of intelligence . Analysts are looking at a flashy white truck that appears , leading a convoy . They are even analyzing the fruit juice being served as a possible clue . In the middle of the clip , the man known as al Qaeda 's crown prince , Nasir al-Wuhayshi , appears brazenly out in the open , greeting followers in Yemen . Al-Wuhayshi is the No. 2 leader of al Qaeda globally and the head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . In a speech to the group , al-Wuhayshi makes it clear that he 's going after the United States , saying "  We must eliminate the cross . ... The bearer of the cross is America ! " The video started appearing on jihadist websites recently , drawing the attention of U.S. officials and global terrorism experts . U.S. officials say they believe it 's authentic . They believe the highly produced video is recent . With some fighters ' faces blurred , there is worry it signals a new round of plotting . Asked by Blitzer why al Qaeda would release such a video , Bergen speculated that the group did it for propaganda purposes . "  To show we 're here . We 're still in operation , " he said . "  This group is still potentially a pretty virulent threat , unfortunately . " Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , also known as AQAP , is considered the most dangerous al Qaeda affiliate . The CIA and the Pentagon have killed multiple AQAP leaders with drone strikes . But the group is now emboldened . Retired Gen. Mark Kimmitt said smaller al Qaeda affiliates are coalescing into a more organized base . "  Sooner or later , if they continue to get better , stronger and more organized , " he said , "  they will be a direct threat to the United States . " It 's unlikely the United States was n't aware of the meeting shown in the video , Kimmitt told "  CNN Tonight . " "  The question is n't why did n't we know , " he said . "  The question is : What are we going to do about it ? " CNN 's Dana Ford , Catherine E. Shoichet and Bill Weir contributed to this report .	A video shows what looks like the largest and most dangerous gathering of al Qaeda in years U.S. officials wo n't say whether they knew about the meeting CNN national security analyst : "  Common sense would suggest that they missed it "
CNN  -- When it comes to giving driver 's license to illegal immigrants , California has spent nearly two decades embroiled in a never-ending saga . Last year , in what appeared to be the final chapter , the state legislature passed , and Gov. Jerry Brown signed , a bill making California the 10th state in the country to allow illegal immigrants to receive driver 's license . Even in a dark blue state , that legislation had been a long time coming . Previous bills dating back to 1998 had been vetoed not just by Republican governors but also Democratic ones . The catch : the licenses would have to bear some distinguishing mark on them to ensure that they 're used only for driving and not identification to obtain employment or board airplanes , or open bank accounts or obtain public benefits . This is what concerns many Americans , along with the irritant that the undocumented would be carrying around a type of ID that is identical to those of U.S. citizens . Immigration activists did n't like this idea , likening it to a "  Scarlet Letter . " But I signed on to what I thought was a reasonable compromise that could do a lot of good for a lot of people . For a brief moment , it looked like the drama was over , and that common sense had prevailed . This story is not over . Now California has to do battle with an entity that , when the issue turns to immigration , often runs low on common sense : the Obama administration . Partly to appease blue-collar workers who fear competition from immigrants and do n't relish the idea of millions of them re-entering the workforce with legal status , the administration is a lot tougher on illegal immigration than many Republicans have long insisted . The administration has been in office for more than five years , but it has not been able to do much on immigration reform . During this time , the Obama administration has given the undocumented a one-way passage to their home countries , with nearly 2 million deportations . Now the administration is getting involved with California over -- of all the petty things -- the state 's proposed design of the new driver 's license for the undocumented . The trouble started when officials in California tried to get cute by deciding that they could put the required language about how the license were not for identification purposes on the back of the license instead of on the front . Otherwise , the document would look just like the ones held by U.S. citizens . Last week , in a letter to the California Department of Motor Vehicles , officials with the Department of Homeland Security wrote that the state needs to put the disclaimer on the front of the license and also use "  a unique design or color " to distinguish these special licenses from documents carried by U.S. citizens . Many of the immigrant activist groups that initially opposed as a "  Scarlet Letter " any kind of distinguishing language on a driver 's license for the undocumented seem to be fine with the idea of putting this language on the back . What they 're not fine with is the meddling by the Obama administration . They 're demanding that the state 's congressional delegation pressure the administration to butt out , so the licenses can be issued . The activists are right . Deciding who gets a driver 's license , and what the license looks like , are state matters . The administration needs to back off . If it needs something to do , it can ease up on the deportations . The White House has said that it supports the Senate immigration bill that was passed last year . Yet , since that legislation -- which doubles the size of the Border Patrol to 40,000 agents , builds more border fencing and would only legalize an estimated half of the undocumented population -- does n't make a real dent , activists should demand better . I do n't think the administration is capable of doing better . Its immigration record is atrocious . A big part of the problem is the Department of Homeland Security , which seems confused about its mission . When dealing with deportations , over which it has complete jurisdiction , the department tries to deny the power it has . But when the issue is driver 's licenses for undocumented immigrants , it makes a grab for power that belongs somewhere else .	Ruben Navarrette : California was close to giving driver 's licenses to undocumented Navarrette : Obama administration is unhappy with the state 's proposed design He says federal officials want a unique design or color to distinguish licenses Navarrette : Administration record on immigration is bad enough , why this interference ?
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- The Bush administration made a "  fatal mistake " by talking up facts and figures without painting a broader picture of the obstacles in its widely criticized Hurricane Katrina response effort , ex-FEMA chief Michael Brown said Thursday . Brown told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that the talking points he and other federal officials used at the time did n't tell the whole story . "  They were factually correct , but were n't in context . We 're moving all of this stuff in . We have teams here . Rescue teams are doing this , " he said . "  But we never explained to the people that it 's not coming as fast as we want it to , and it 's not enough , because of the number of people that were left behind in the aftermath of the storm . " Not making that clear was a "  fatal mistake , " Brown said . "  Had I said that at the time , I probably would have gotten the old hook and been pulled off the stage anyway , but the truth would have been out , " he said . Speaking five years after the storm hit , Brown sharply criticized former Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff 's handling of the situation . Chertoff had attended an avian flu convention amid the disaster . "  Here is why that 's so important . In the middle of any crisis , " Brown said , "  whether it 's a natural disaster or man-made disaster , you need to have one person in charge . And that person needs to be on the ground with the team , understanding what 's going on . " The former FEMA head told CNN that he winced when President George Bush said the now infamous line , "  Brownie , you 're doing a heck of a job . " "  I knew the minute he said that , the media and everybody else would see a disconnect between what he was saying and what I was witnessing on the ground , " Brown said . "  That 's the president 's style . His attitude and demeanor is always one of being a cheerleader and trying to encourage people to keep moving . It was just the wrong time and the wrong place . " Brown headed FEMA under the Bush administration and resigned in September 2005 , two weeks after Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast and 10 days after President Bush famously complimented him . Chertoff was criticized by a House committee in 2006 for choosing Brown to lead the government response , despite inadequate training . "  If I knew then what I know now about Mr. Brown 's agenda , I would have done something different , " Chertoff said . Hurricane Katrina 's fifth anniversary is Sunday . Brown , who is now on KOA-850 AM in Denver , Colorado , was in New Orleans this week broadcasting his radio show .	Brown says officials should have acknowledged that aid was not arriving quickly enough He also criticizes Homeland Security 's handling of the storm The former FEMA head says he winced when Bush said he was doing a "  heck of a job "
CNN  -- Finally , we have a new arrival . No , not the royal baby . A corpse flower . The titan arum  Amorphophallus titanum  at the United States Botanic Garden Conservatory finally started blooming and stinking like rotting flesh on Sunday around 4 p.m. . It may remain in bloom for 24 to 48 hours , and then it will collapse quickly . The plant , which has lived at the garden since 2007 , does n't have an annual blooming cycle . This is its first-ever cycle , and dedicated fans might wait years or decades between cycles . The garden is open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Monday . If you ca n't make it to the nation 's capital , watch it online on the garden 's live flower cam . Once the garden confirmed on July 8 that the plant was going to bloom , staffers moved quickly to display it publicly on July 11 . Summer in the park : Roam with the bison The plant tends to heat up , starts smelling stinky and usually blooms overnight or in the early morning hours . The heat and smell are to attract pollinator insects such as dung beetles in its natural habitat , said Ari Novy , the garden 's public programs manager . The garden does n't have any such beetles , but resident flies may visit , he said . A native of Sumatra , Indonesia , this particular plant is part of the garden 's collection of 14 corpse flowers . They are rarely put on display because they require a lot of heat and humidity , which is why they are grown at the garden 's production greenhouses in Southeast Washington -- rarely open to the public . The U.S. Botanic Garden last displayed a blooming titan arum in 2007 . At least seven U.S. institutions have at least one titan arum in their collections . The National Botanic Garden of Belgium saw its oldest corpse flower bloom earlier this month , attracting about 4,000 visitors over three days , said garden spokesman Franck Hidvegi . It previously bloomed in 2008 and 2011 . The garden has another four plants in its greenhouses , but Hidvegi said they are still too young to bloom .	A corpse flower at the U.S. Botanic Garden has started blooming for the first time ever Native to the rainforests of Indonesia , the stinky plants can take years to bloom When they start blooming , they may remain in bloom for 24 to 48 hours , then collapse
CNN  -- Former Serb international midfielder Sinisa Mihajlovic has been sacked as coach of Serie A side Fiorentina following a 1-0 defeat by Chievo on Sunday . The 42-year-old Mihajlovic , who played for Roma , Sampdoria , Lazio and Inter Milan in a sparkling playing career , has been relieved of his duties with the club lying 11th in the Italian league table . Mihajlovic had been under intense pressure this season and Sunday 's defeat prompted the club 's board to act , with Delio Rossi already being named as his replacement . Rossi , 51 , is best known for two spells as coach of Palermo , guiding them to the Europa League on both occasions . However , Rossi fell out with controversial Palermo owner Maurizio Zamparini , who refused to renew his contract in the close season after sacking him following a 7-0 thrashing by Udinese , only to re-appoint him again a month later . As well as a distinguished playing career in Italy , Mihajlovic had also coached Serie A clubs Bologna and Catania , before being named Fiorentina coach at the start of last season in succession to Cesare Prandelli , who left to coach the Italian national side . Mihajlovic , who led Fiorentina ninth place last season , is the sixth Serie A coach to lose his job this season after Roberto Donadoni  Cagliari  , Stefano Pioli  Palmero  , Gian Piero Gasperini  Inter Milan  , Pierpaolo Bisoli  Bologna  and Marco Giampaolo  Cesena  .	Sinisa Mihajlovic has been sacked as coach of Italian Serie A side Fiorentina The 42-year-old Serb was relieved of his duties after Sunday 's 1-0 defeat by Chievo The Florence-based club have already announced Delio Rossi as their new coach
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova won the battle of French Open champions as she claimed the Stuttgart title Sunday with a straight sets win over China 's Li Na . Sharapova will be defending her title at the clay court grand slam in Paris next month , while Li took the French crown in 2011 . Sharapova , who won in Stuttgart in 2012 , reserved her best tennis of the week for the final as she brushed aside Li in just over 90 minutes on the indoor clay court surface . She had taken three sets to go through in all her three previous matches , but a 6-4 6-3 victory was reward for commanding play . "  I knew this was going to be the toughest match of the week , so I am really pleased with the way things worked out , " Sharapova told AFP . "  She has played good tennis all week and I am really happy to have won here again . " Li had won their previous clash in the semifinals of the Australian Open , but she was broken twice in each set as she slipped to defeat . It has proved an excellent work out for Sharapova as she builds up to the French Open defense , with hard fought wins over Lucie Safarova , Ana Ivanovic and Angelique Kerber on the way to the title match . Last year she beat 2013 Australian Open champion Victoria Azarenka in the Stuttgart final before claiming her Roland Garros triumph . "  It definitely helped last year on the way to the French Open , it 's good to bring back the same confidence on clay as last year , " Sharapova added . As an added award for claiming her 29th WTA career title , Sharapova once again can drive away a luxury Porsche 911 Carrera , a bonus from the tournament sponsors .	Maria Sharapova successfully defends WTA Stuttgart title She beats China 's Li Na in Sunday 's final in straight sets Sharapova is defending her French Open crown next month Winner of Stuttgart tournament also lands a Porsche sports car
CNN  -- Discovery astronauts Steve Bowen and Alvin Drew are scheduled for a six-hour spacewalk outside the international space station Monday . The team prepared by holding a 14-hour "  campout " in the station 's Quest airlock . "  The airlock 's atmospheric pressure will be lowered to help purge nitrogen from Bowen and Drew 's bloodstreams , protecting them from ` the bends ' when they leave the airlock for the vacuum of space , " a statement on NASA 's website said . They will install a power extension cable , move a failed ammonia pump and perform other operations outside the shuttle during the spacewalk . Discovery started its 39th and final flight with a launch late Thursday afternoon from Kennedy Space Center in Florida . Originally scheduled for November , the shuttle 's launch had been delayed to make repairs to the external tank 's support beams . Astronauts spent Sunday moving items brought up on Discovery over to the space station . On Tuesday , day six of the mission , astronauts will work to attach a permanent module -- known as Leonardo -- to the station . The module will be home for experiments in fluid physics , materials science , biology , biotechnology and other subjects . The Discovery crew is headed by Steve Lindsey . Bowen , a late addition , became the first astronaut to fly consecutive missions after he was assigned to take the place of Tim Kopra when Kopra was injured last month in a bicycle accident , according to NASA . Prior to Thursday 's launch , Discovery had spent 352 days in orbit , circling the Earth 5,628 times . It has also carried 246 crew members , more than any space vehicle in history . "  In a way , it 's ... sad to see the last flight , " astronaut Steven Swanson said Thursday . "  It 's such a wonderful vehicle . " The last scheduled launch of Space Shuttle Endeavour is set for April 19 . It will be commanded by Mark Kelly , the husband of U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords , who is recovering from being shot last month in Tucson , Arizona . The last shuttle mission will be Atlantis , tentatively scheduled to launch during the summer . Discovery was the first space shuttle to dock with a space station of any kind when it met up on June 4 , 1998 , with Russia 's now defunct Mir space station . The craft also was the first to hook up with the international space station , doing so on May 29 , 1999 , according to NASA . Saturday 's event marked the 13th such docking for the Discovery .	Astronauts are preparing for a spacewalk with a 14-hour "  campout " A night in the space station 's airlock will ready astronauts for the vacuum of space Discovery was the first space shuttle to dock with the space station in 1999
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Demonstrations that began with quiet determination on the internet more than three weeks ago erupted into riotous jubilation Friday evening , moments after it was announced that Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was stepping aside . Protesters swarmed army tanks that had been deployed to keep order , banged drums , blew whistles and frantically waved Egyptian flags in celebration . They danced in circles and chanted . Processions of cars made their way down city streets , drivers honking horns and waving flags . Fireworks erupted outside the presidential palace in Cairo and in the streets of Alexandria . Some men and women dropped to their knees and began to pray . "  I did not believe it at first , " Egyptian-American Sarah el-Helewsaid . "  I feel complete joy . " "  Freedom ! " crowds chanted outside the white carved walls of the presidential palace . "  God is great ! " they shouted in Tahrir Square . On the front lines of the movement , protester and actor Khalid Abdallah , best known for his role in "  The Kite Runner , " expressed complete shock at Mubarak 's decision to step down , but said Egyptians now feel like "  destiny is in their hands , " and he praised supporters of their struggle . "  Thank you to everyone who has stood in solidarity with us , " Abdallah told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . He said Egyptians are grateful for those who "  told our true story . " Abdallah recounted seeing and hearing the voices of children . "  Hold your head high , " Abdallah said they chanted , "  you 're an Egyptian . " Fears that the Muslim Brotherhood , an Islamic umbrella group , could hijack Egypt 's pro-democracy movement have made headlines during the 18 days of protests in the country , but the group has stated more than once that they are not seeking power . On Friday , they celebrated the news of Mubarak 's departure with the rest of the Egyptians . "  We are opening a new bridge now on history , " Muslim Brotherhood spokesman Essam El Erian told CNN . "  This is -LSB- a -RSB- critical moment . " Erian said of the pro-democracy revolution that he said he believes will shape the future of Egypt . In Alexandria , Fatima Puskar , an American living with her Egyptian husband , Emad , said she was watching Egyptian state TV when news of Mubarak 's resignation was announced . "  We could hear people , even before the end of the statement I heard people outside of the window shouting and honking their horns , " she said . Omar Sultan of Cairo said he felt like he played a role in forcing Mubarak to resign by taking part in demonstrations . "  Everyone is very happy . No one imagined this day would come , " he said . "  I 've never been prouder to be an Egyptian . " Two of the main bridges connecting east and west Cairo were like parking lots as people got out and began hugging and dancing . "  Life is great now . I think I will have a much better future now . It is a different era , " a 17-year-old girl named Fatima told CNN . The news of Mubarak 's resignation , and the revolution that led to the announcement , has also sparked a renewed spirit and proud voice for Egyptians . "  I stopped writing -- as a journalist -- because I felt there was nothing to write about , " said Salah Marakby , a 76-year-old retiree . "  But I feel now that the pyramid of corruption has fallen . I want to go back to writing now ! " One of the movement 's key activists , Wael Ghonim , credited ordinary Egyptians for persisting through historic and sometimes violent protests that led to the first ouster of an Egyptian leader since 1952 . "  Congratulations Egypt the criminal has left the palace , " said Ghonim , who was jailed for a week and a half by the Mubarak regime and whose emotional commentary after his release helped galvanize protesters . Addressing Mubarak and his allies , Ghonim said the country should hold them accountable for their actions , including the deaths of protesters killed during what had been peaceful demonstrations . "  I just want to say to Hosni Mubarak and to Omar Suleiman and to all those people who thought that being in power means you can oppress people , you know , hard-luck guys , you know , at the end of the day , we have a choice and we 've made our choice , " he said . "  They convinced us for 30 years that Egypt had died , that there was no more Egypt , " he said in an interview with CNN , referring to the nearly 30 years of autocratic rule under Mubarak . "  We were all looking for Egypt and thank God we found her today . " Ghonim , who helped set up the initial Facebook page calling for protests , said it was time to celebrate , and said he has confidence that Egypt will not fall into dictatorship again . "  Today , I am telling you Egypt is going to be a democratic state , " said Ghonim , who is on leave of absence from his job at Google . Mohamed ElBaradei , a leading opposition figure , showed his support for Mubarak 's decision to step down through Twitter . "  Egypt Today is a free and proud nation . God Bless , " was posted by ElBaradei Friday night on the social media website . Amre Moussa , secretary general of Arab League , said he is optimistic that the country is on the right path . "  We have achieved what the people wanted , " he said . "  Now we must build a new Egypt . " The future many Egyptians had dared to imagine seems much brighter now . "  No matter how hard things are , " Abdallah said , "  you can get through and you can keep dreaming . " "  Today is our time , " a 46-year old woman told CNN . "  We have learned that it is not too difficult to change . Sadly , some people died on the way . " Egypt 's ambassador to the United States spoke with CNN Friday about the what it will take to form a new democratic government and whether future elections will be fair and open . "  Certainly the voice of the people has been heard loud and clear , " Sameh Shoukry said . "  It will be the ballot box and the voice of the Egyptian people that will determine the direction of any future governments . " CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : Egypt is a "  free and proud nation , " opposition figure ElBaradei tweets NEW : "  You can keep dreaming , " says Egyptian actor Khalid Abdallah "  Today is our time , " one woman tells CNN Ghonim : "  I am telling you Egypt is going to be a democratic state "
San Francisco  CNN  -- Barry Bonds ' personal trainer refused to testify against the baseball home run king in his perjury trial Tuesday , prompting the judge to order the trainer held in custody until he changes his mind . Federal prosecutors called Gary Anderson as the first witness as they began laying out their case against Bonds in a San Francisco courtroom Tuesday morning . Anderson , flanked by lawyer Mark Geragos , told the judge he would not testify , "  It 's very important that you testify so that the whole truth can some out in this trial , " U.S. District Judge Susan Illston told Anderson , as she found him in civil contempt . Geragos said he would immediately appeal the judge 's decision to send Anderson to jail on the grounds that he was not given a fair hearing . Anderson has already served several months in prison for previously refusing to testify against Bonds before grand juries in 2006 . He also was sentenced to three months in prison after pleading guilty in 2005 to illegally possessing anabolic steroids with the intent to distribute . "  He does n't trust the prosecution , " Geragos said of Anderson . "  He will never cooperate with these guys . " The trial , which is expected to last three or four weeks , is taking place less than two miles from the ballpark where Bonds , 46 , broke Henry Aaron 's major league home run record in August 2007 . Bonds , then a star on the San Francisco Giants , was indicted three months later on four counts of lying to a grand jury about his use of performance-enhancing drugs during the federal investigation of steroids use by athletes . He also faces one count of obstruction of justice . Prosecutors will try to convince a jury of eight women and four men that Bonds knew his trainer was giving him illegal steroids and that he lied about it to a grand jury in December 2003 . Assistant U.S. Attorney Matthew Parrella told jurors that a urine sample given by Bonds in the summer of 2003 , just months before his grand jury testimony , tested positive for anabolic steroids . Defense lawyer Allen Ruby , in his opening statement told jurors that Bonds acknowledged to the grand jury that he used the substances known as "  the clear and the cream , " but at the time of his testimony even investigators did n't know what was in it . Bonds told the grand jury he thought Anderson was giving flax seed oil , Ruby said . "  Barry answered every question , he told the truth , he did his best and , most significantly , he provided the grand jury with useful information which supported the indictment that they later returned against the BALCO defendants , " Ruby said , referring the Bay Area Laboratory Cooperative by its acronym name , BALCO . The witness list includes Bonds ' ex-girlfriend Kimberly Bell , who will testify that Bonds told her he was taking steroids prior to the 2000 Major League Baseball season , according to the prosecution . "  Ms. Bell will further testify to personal observations regarding changes in the defendant 's body during the period of time beginning in the year 1999 , including bloating , acne on the shoulders and back , hair loss , sexual dysfunction , and testicular shrinkage , " the prosecution 's description of its witnesses said . "  She will also testify about changes in the defendant 's temperament , including an increase in angry , threatening , controlling , and violent behavior . " Several former teammates and friends are also on the witness list to testify for the prosecution . Ruby , in his opening statement , attacked the former friends who are expected to be called as key prosecution witnesses . "  The bitterness of these people toward Barry that surfaced around the time of the breakup , was very pervasive , very strong , " Ruby said . These witnesses "  cooperated with the media as anonymous sources on many of the poisonous things about Barry , " he said . "  They have tried to create a caricature of Barry Bonds , a terrible guy , always bad , mean and so on . " A former IRS agent who fished through the trash at BALCO every week for a year testified Tuesday afternoon that a magazine clipping he found in the garbage bin led him to Barry Bonds as a witness in his investigation . The article , which included a photo of Bonds with BALCO chief Victor Conte and Anderson , indicated that Bonds "  was using their services , " investigator Jeff Novitzky testified . Bonds holds the major league record for home runs with 762 in his 21-year career . He also set the record for most home runs in a single season in 2001 when he hit 73 balls out of the park . Bonds did not officially retire after he was indicted , but he never played another game .	NEW : Bonds ' trainer is sent to jail for refusing to testify "  Barry told the truth , " Bonds ' attorney says Bonds faces four counts of lying to a grand jury and an obstruction of justice charge He allegedly lied when he said he did not know his trainer was giving him steroids
The home of Ghassan Abu Jamal has a beautiful view of Jabel Mukaber . It looks over a small valley with olive trees and grazing sheep . It also stinks here , the distinctive raw sewage smell of what 's known locally as "  skunk water , " sprayed by Israeli police as a riot-control measure . And when you walk down the road to the Abu Jamal family 's East Jerusalem home , you tread on the metal remains of tear gas canisters . On Tuesday Ghassan Abu Jamal and his cousin Uday walked into a synagogue in the West Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof . Armed with meat cleavers , they attacked the worshipers inside , hacking at them with the knives . They killed four rabbis and a police officer before they were shot dead at the scene . Today Ghassan and Uday stare out at mourners from posters and flyers on the walls of the family home . Here they are considered "  shaheed , " or martyrs , of Israel 's occupation . His 70-year old father , Mohamed , was recovering from a heart operation when he saw the news of the synagogue attack on television . He immediately collapsed . "  I never thought my son would do something like this , " he tells us . He sits with us at the mourners ' tent erected near the family home . His eyes are red from crying and he ca n't stand for long stretches . We ask Mohamed what he believes triggered the gruesome attack . "  Maybe it was everything , " he says . "  We want peace . We want coexistence . But we do n't accept being pushed into a corner and treated like slaves . " In the hours that followed the attack , the Abu Jamal family says 15 relatives were arrested , some badly beaten in the process . They show us photos of the family 's ransacked homes and Ghassan 's younger brother with a purple , swollen eye , blood streaming down his face . Now , Ghassan 's home will be demolished . The family show us the demolition order . His wife is distraught and unable to talk to anyone . Her three children are being cared for by relatives . But perhaps the hardest part : their bodies may never be returned to the family . Israel says no decision has been made , but authorities here fear a family funeral could become a flashpoint , drawing hundreds to hold the cousins up as heroes . Instead , police are considering burying the bodies in a municipal grave . "  It 's impossible . It 's madness . The situation will not calm down unless they deliver the bodies home and allow us to bury them here " Mohamed says . "  When they kill Arabs the never demolish the house of Jew . We never hear of a Jewish home destroyed when they kill one of us . " House demolitions , the possibility of denied family burials : Israel is reviving policies it used during the intifada in the hopes of deterring future attacks . Between 2000 and 2005 more than 650 Palestinian homes were demolished , displacing roughly 4,000 people , according to Israeli rights organization B'Tselem . Critics say these policies are ineffective , even counter-productive . But Israel 's government insists that destroying homes may save lives . "  It is an extraordinary step , one of the tools in our tool box , " Mark Regev , the spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , told CNN . "  A Palestinian terrorist , any terrorist , may not care about themselves . But maybe they care about their immediate loved ones and where they live . I 've been in security discussions and our experts believe this policy could save lives . " In the Jerusalem neighborhood of Silwan , Enas Shalodi is one of those loved ones . Her son rammed his car into a crowd at a tram station , killing a woman and a 3-week-old baby . He was shot dead at the scene . Now Shalodi picks through the rubble of what 's left of her home . "  It is just for punishing us . That 's what it is , " she tells us . "  How can destroying this house stop an attack ? " On the day we visit , Israel 's public security minister , Yitzhak Aharonovitch , makes an unannounced visit to survey the destruction of Shalodi 's home . Shalodi leans out over the remains of her son 's apartment wall to see Aharonovitch arrive . She watches without expression as riot police point up at the blown-out walls of the home . The neighborhood bristles with tension . Riot police have blocked off the road and are checking residents ' IDs and bags . Police with rifles , stationed on rooftops , keep a watchful eye . Aharonovitch wo n't answer any of our questions and bodyguards block our approach . But he lets us film as he shakes hands with riot police and chats with them . For a moment , he seems to veer towards some nearby residents . One of his entourage offers a "  Salaamalaikum " as if to start a conversation with an older Palestinian resident leaning against a car . But the man turns his head and snubs the greeting . Aharonovitch and his staff quickly turn and drive away to another part of the neighborhood . Throughout the visit , Aharonovitch never speaks to Enas Shalodi . If he did , this is what he would hear : "  Violence only creates more violence . Adding more pressure only creates a bigger explosion . "	In the wake of several terror attacks , Israel revives policy of demolishing perpetrators ' homes Israel says the policy may save lives by providing a disincentive to commit attacks Palestinians say the demolitions are a counterproductive measure that will only make tensions worse
Sabha , Libya  CNN  -- Sabha -- a dusty city southwest of Tripoli -- has long been considered a staunch pro-Moammar Gadhafi stronghold , but many of its residents greeted fighters from the new government warmly as they rolled into the city Tuesday . A CNN crew accompanying National Transitional Council fighters witnessed people cheering for the new ruling forces . Fighting was reported in one neighborhood , al-Manshiya . Dr. Mohamad Altaib of Sabha central hospital reported some rebel fighters died from Gadhafi loyalist sniper fire there . There have been press reports that Gadhafi , his family members or his political allies have been hiding out in the city -- the largest city in the Sahara and long a way station for smuggling operations to and from points south and west , such as Algeria , Niger and Chad . The fall of Sabha is significant because it means other parts of Libya , still holding out , are now cut off . NTC fighters fanned out across the city in search of Gadhafi associates . Weaponry was found in one house , but so far , there has been no sign of Gadhafi or Abdullah Al-Senussi , the former head of military intelligence . The men , thought to have been hiding in the city , are wanted by the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity . Many top officials of the old regime are thought to have passed through the city on their way to Niger but it would be tougher for them to do so now because the city is surrounded by NTC fighters . People on the street said they are pleased Libya is free and have supported the uprising from the start . However , they have n't displayed their stances because of government suppression . At the same time , it 's hard to gauge the extent of support or opposition for the NTC . The NTC forces took the airport and the citadel , said Col. Ahmed Bani , the NTC 's military spokesman , Monday . "  Our flag is waving high in both locations , " he said . East of Sabha on Monday , a ragtag stream of civilians-turned-revolutionaries encountered scant resistance as they swept through oasis towns . Sabha is among a handful of enclaves where Gadhafi has had support . About 400,000 people live in Sabha 's province and about half of them live in the city . Other enclaves include Bani Walid and Sirte in the north . At least 46 fighters loyal to Libya 's new leaders have been killed and 221 wounded since they launched their offensive on Sirte , Ali Gheliwan , a spokesman for the Misrata Military Council , told CNN . The death toll includes four people killed Tuesday in fighting south of the city , in Abuhadi , he said . CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	4 people are killed Tuesday in Abuhadi , a spokesman says There has been fighting in one Sabha neighborhood The town has long been a transport center Is Gadhafi hiding in Sabha ? That 's one rumor
Singapore  CNN  -- Millie Phuah arrived at Singapore 's Bukit Brown cemetery on a humid morning , armed with a rake and gloves to clear fallen branches and decaying leaves from her ancestors ' graves . "  I 've got my great-grandparents on this side ... and my grand-uncle will be on this side , " she said , pointing in opposite directions . An eight-lane highway , set for construction in 2013 , will run though the middle of the cemetery . To make way for it , a swathe of graves -- marked by wooden stakes with painted numbers -- is being exhumed . The remains will be cremated by Monday , and if unclaimed for three years , the ashes will be scattered at sea . The highway is expected to be completed by 2016 and affect 3,746 graves , according to Singapore 's Urban Redevelopment Authority . Afterwards , what remains of the cemetery area will make way for 15,000 new housing units and two mass transit stations , and all the graves -- including those of Phuah 's family -- will be exhumed under the plan . With an estimated 100,000 graves , Bukit Brown is the largest Chinese cemetery outside China , according to Singapore 's Heritage Society . Located near a cluster of reservoirs at the center of the island , the cemetery sprawls over several hills covered partly in rainforest jungle . Closed to new burials since the early 1970 's , Bukit Brown now stands at the heart of a heated debate over development in tiny Singapore -- a nation that went from new and underdeveloped to one of the world 's most prosperous in a matter of decades . In addition to pioneers and early migrants like Phuah 's family , the cemetery holds the remains of Singapore 's most prominent , like Lee Hoon Leong , the grandfather of Lee Kuan Yew , the founder of modern Singapore . The Government says the road is needed to reduce traffic congestion , pointing out that a country of just 714 square kilometers  275 square miles  has many more needs , including land for housing , defense , industry and utilities . "  In such a highly land-constrained setting , we need to make difficult decisions on land use for present and future generations of Singaporeans , " a spokesman for the Urban Redevelopment Authority said . A shortage of land spurred rigid burial policies in 1998 : Only one cemetery , Choa Chu Kang , remains open to burials , and there is a 15-year time limit for burial , after which remains are cremated . Singapore 's National Environment Agency says at "  closed " cemeteries like Bukit Brown "  exhumations are carried out only if the land is affected by redevelopment . " Claire Leow has no relatives buried in Bukit Brown but says her grandfather 's grave at another cemetery was exhumed when it was cleared to make way for housing . After a visit to Bukit Brown several years ago , Leow founded a blog , "  All Things Bukit Brown , " and now gives tours of the cemetery as part of a group of local activists , the Bukit Brown Community . The debate has drawn growing numbers to view historic graves , including young Singaporeans and students who clamber around the gravesites and pick their way through the thick overgrowth . Leow tells stories at the graves of early Singaporeans , those who began prominent businesses and those who fought the Japanese during World War II . In densely developed Singapore , Bukit Brown 's vast green space also draws joggers , dog walkers , horseback riders and bird-watchers . One recent day , the rolling call of the straw-headed bulbul , a threatened bird , was far louder than the distant car traffic . Singapore 's Nature Society says that roughly 25 % of the country 's threatened bird species can be found in Bukit Brown . To Singaporeans like Phuah , Bukit Brown gives roots to a young country known largely as a place to shop and do business . "  Singaporeans are more interested than the government thinks we are in our heritage . It 's not just about hanging out in shopping malls here , " she asserts . The Urban Redevelopment Authority says it does n't take the decision "  lightly " and is working with community members to come up with ways to preserve the heritage of Bukit Brown . Read about the Singapore Memory project However , exhibits will not replace the cemetery 's value , according to the Singapore Heritage Society . "  Ultimately , the struggle for Bukit Brown goes beyond saving a few graves or greenery . It is the struggle for the soul of Singapore . "	Swathe of graves is being exhumed to make way for highway What remains of cemetery area will eventually make way for housing units , transit stations All graves at Bukit Brown cemetery will be exhumed under plan The cemetery stands at heart of heated debate over development in Singapore
NEW YORK  CNN  -- With three days to go before the elections and polls showing him trailing , Republican presidential candidate John McCain appeared on NBC 's late night comedy show "  Saturday Night Live , " poking good-natured fun at his campaign . Sen. John McCain and his wife , Cindy , made guest appearances on "  Saturday Night Live . " The Arizona senator appeared in the opening skit , next to former cast member Tina Fey reprising her role as his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . "  This past Wednesday , Barack Obama purchased airtime on three major networks , " he said in the first skit . "  We , however , can only afford QVC  the television home shopping network  . " Later , McCain -- who delivered his lines with a smile on his face -- took another shot at his own expense . "  Look , would I rather be on three major networks ? Of course , " he said . "  But I 'm a true maverick -- a Republican without money . " Watch McCain and Fey appear on "  Saturday Night Live " " Throughout the skit , McCain and Fey hawked campaign memorabilia such as a set of knives that cuts through pork , and a jewelry collection that McCain 's wife , Cindy , held up . Watch Cindy McCain discuss her "  SNL " appearance " He dubbed the latter "  McCain Fine Gold , " a play on the name of the campaign reform act that he sponsored with Russ Feingold , a Democratic senator from Wisconsin . McCain also took humorous potshots at his Democratic rival , Illinois Sen. Barack Obama , and his vice-presidential pick , Delaware Sen. Joe Biden . McCain pointed to a set of 10 commemorative plates that he said celebrates the 10 town hall meetings he would have had with Obama . "  They are blank , " he said . "  He would n't agree to those debates . " Obama had rejected McCain 's proposal for the joint town hall meetings . The two participated in one such appearance as part of the three presidential debates . As for Biden , the SNL skit had Fey hawking a set of "  Joe " action figures : Joe the Plumber , Joe Six-Pack and Joe Biden . The plumber reference was meant to invoke the now-famous Samuel Joseph Wurzelbacher , who McCain has held up as a small business owner who will see his taxes rise if Obama wins the presidency . Joe Six-Pack is a term Palin has used to describe a regular American . Fey , as Palin , pointed to the Joe Biden doll and said , "  If you pull this cord , he talks for 45 minutes . " McCain added , "  It 's great if you want to clear out a party . " The skit ended with the senator delivering the signature line that opens the show every weekend : "  Live from New York , it 's Saturday Night . " iReport.com : Palin talks equality with iReporter McCain also joined cast member Seth Meyers in the "  Weekend Update " segment , where he unveiled radical last-minute campaign strategies he was considering . Among them was the ` Reverse Maverick '  "  that 's where I do whatever anybody tells me "  , the ` Double Maverick '  "  that 's where I go totally berserk or just freak everybody out , even the regular mavericks "  and the "  Sad Grandpa . " "  That 's where I get on TV and go , ` Come on , Obama 's gon na have plenty of chances to be president . It 's my turn , ' " he said . McCain has made two previous appearances on the show , which airs Saturday nights on NBC . The program , which has drawn attention for its political skits this year , garnered its highest rating in 14 seasons two weeks ago when Palin made an appearance . Obama canceled an appearance in September as a result of Hurricane Ike , but he appeared on the show in November 2007 , making an unannounced cameo during an opening skit about a Halloween party at the house of New York Sen. Hillary Clinton , Obama 's rival during the Democratic primary .	Sen. John McCain appears on "  Saturday Night Live " with wife , Cindy McCain also appears with ex-cast member Tina Fey playing Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin McCain alludes to Sen. Barack Obama 's infomercial , proposed town hall meetings
CNN  -- Friends and family of a slain ex-Navy SEAL sniper gathered Monday at a football stadium in north Texas to say their final goodbyes . Chris Kyle , America 's self-proclaimed most deadly military sniper , was shot and killed February 2 at a gun range , alongside his friend , Chad Littlefield . Another veteran , Eddie Ray Routh , 25 , faces murder charges in their deaths . "  I stand before you a broken woman , " Taya Kyle , Chris Kyle 's widow , told the crowd at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington , Texas . "  But I am now , and always will be , the wife of a man who was a warrior both on and off the battlefield . " She wiped away tears and struggled to speak as she remembered her husband , whose casket was draped with the American flag . "  There is n't enough time to tell you everything you mean to me and everything you taught me . I know you had no idea you were teaching me , but there is something only God and I have known for a long time . God worked through you to make me into the woman I am supposed to be , " she said . Thousands turned out at the stadium to remember Kyle , author of the best-selling book "  American Sniper . " Kyle learned to shoot on hunting trips with his father . He served four combat tours in Iraq and received two Silver Stars , among other commendations . While serving as a sniper in Iraq , Kyle wrote he personally had 160 confirmed kills from a distance of up to 2,100 feet -- more than any other U.S. serviceman , in any conflict . This led Iraqi insurgents to nickname the 6-foot-2 , 220-pound Texan "  the devil " and put a bounty on his head . In interviews promoting his book , Kyle offered no regrets . "  I had to do it to protect the Marines , " he told Time magazine a year ago . "  You want to lose your own guys , or would you rather take one of them out ? " After his retirement from the Navy , Kyle became a businessman , a reality TV personalty , a supporter of fellow veterans , an avid hunter and an outspoken opponent of gun control . He is survived by his wife and two children . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Chris Kyle was gunned down February 2 , alongside a friend A veteran faces murder charges in their deaths Kyle 's widow remembers her husband as a "  warrior both on and off the battlefield "
CNN  -- A tearful Victoria Azarenka retained her Australian Open title and world No. 1 ranking after overcoming crowd favorite Li Na in a dramatic women 's final on Saturday . The 23-year-old broke down as she celebrated her second grand slam title , denying her Chinese opponent her second after coming from behind to triumph 4-6 6-4 6-3 and claim the $ 2 million first prize . The Belorussian went into the match having upset local fans after taking a controversial 10-minute medical break during a key point of her semifinal win over American teen Sloane Stephens , but this time she was forced to wait as Li twice had to receive lengthy treatment . The match was also interrupted in the deciding set by a break for the traditional Australia Day fireworks . "  It 's been a real long two weeks , " Azarenka said on-court after winning in two hours and 40 minutes . "  I will always keep very special memories of this court . It will be in my heart forever . " Li , the losing finalist in 2011 , raced to a 5-2 lead in the opening set as she made a strong bid to add to her French Open title that same year -- a breakthrough win that made her the first Asian female to win a grand slam singles title . However , she was unable to show the same control that had allowed her to thrash world No. 2 Maria Sharapova in straight sets in the semifinals . Azarenka led 3-0 in the second set , then sixth-ranked Li went over on her ankle after winning the next game . It looked like it might bring the final to a premature end but the 30-year-old got back on court after having her foot strapped and reduced the deficit further . However , Azarenka rallied to take the set and then broke Li 's serve to lead 1-0 in the third set . Li broke back and then led 2-1 before the fireworks started in celebration of 225 years since the first fleet of colonists arrived from the UK . It was an inopportune break for Li , who again went over on her ankle and banged her head on the court as she tried to protect her damaged foot . "  For two seconds I could n't really see anything . It was totally black , " she told reporters . "  So when the physio come , she was like , ` Focus on my finger . ' I started laughing . I was thinking , ` This is a tennis court , not a hospital . ' She was like , ` Follow my finger , ' because I did n't follow . I just watched the eyes . She says , ` Follow . ' I say , ` Why ? I 'm okay . ' " Li was unable to maintain momentum and Azarenka broke her serve to lead 3-2 -- the 15th break in just 27 games of an error-strewn match -- and went on to clinch the victory that denied Serena Williams a return to the No. 1 spot . Her more consistent approach paid off as Li paid for making 57 unforced errors to 27 despite making 36 winners to Azarenka 's 18 . "  It 's a completely different mix of feelings . This one is way more emotional , " said Azarenka , who last year topped the WTA Tour money list with more than $ 7 million . "  Li Na was absolutely playing great tennis . Unfortunate things that happened to her , you know , but that 's sport . "  I 'm just happy that everything I went through , you know , I still could manage to give my best and really come out there and try to focus on my game and play tennis that I can produce . " Meanwhile , Americans Bob and Mike Bryan won a record 13th men 's grand slam doubles title on Saturday , thrashing Dutchmen Robin Haase and Igor Sijsling in Melbourne . The twin brothers moved past the 12 won by the Australian pair John Newcombe and Tony Roche in the 1960s and 1970s as they triumphed 6-3 6-4 in less than an hour . The 34-year-olds , who won the Olympic title last year , have now played in 23 grand slam finals .	World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka wins Australian Open title for the second year in a row Belorussian beats crowd favorite and 2011 runner-up Li Na 4-6 6-4 6-3 in Melbourne Li needs two medical breaks while final also disrupted by Australia Day fireworks Azarenka holds onto the No. 1 ranking , denying Serena Williams top spot
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard 's search for four British sailors missing in the Atlantic Ocean since late last week resumed Tuesday morning , the service said . The Coast Guard , in a statement , said the new search involved six ships and three planes , including a Canadian C-130 . The search focused on an area 1,000 miles  1,600 kilometers  east of Cape Cod , Massachusetts . The 39-foot  12 meters  Cheeki Rafiki was sailing from the Caribbean to the United Kingdom last Thursday when it began taking on water , according to the yacht 's managing agent . "  Unfortunately , we lost contact during the early hours of Friday morning , and we believe the crew abandoned to the life raft , " Doug Innes said in a statement on Sunday . The Royal Yachting Association identified the missing yachtsmen as skipper Andrew Bridge , 21 ; Steve Warren , 52 ; Paul Goslin , 56 ; and James Male , 23 . The Coast Guard 's Boston-based 1st District coordinated a multinational search of more than 4,100 square miles for the crew . The Coast Guard said that a merchant vessel Saturday located an overturned hull that matched the description of the Cheeki Rafiki , but there was no sign of the sailors . Innes describes the Cheeki Rafiki on his company 's website as "  a performance racer/cruiser and suitable for both the inshore and offshore circuit " and that she is "  equipped for trans-Atlantic sailing and racing . " Sailor so ` rich ' he forgot $ 100k yacht CNN 's Elwyn Lopez , Haimy Assefa and Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	Six ships and three planes scouring Atlantic Ocean Four British sailors are believed to have abandoned ship Friday The 39-foot Cheeki Rafiki began taking on water the day before
Did you cut your cable but miss recording your favorite shows ? TiVo might have the answer . The DVR company announced a new , $ 50 device that lets cord-cutters record over-the-air network shows and watch them later on their televisions . The TiVo Roamio OTA DVR  the OTA stands for "  over the air "  can record and store programs aired by CBS , ABC , NBC , PBS , Fox , Univision and other networks . It also connects to Web services , including YouTube and Netflix . "  We recognize some viewers opt not to receive the benefits a subscription with a cable provider offers , " TiVo chief marketing officer Ira Bahr said in a news release . "  TiVo Roamio OTA makes sure that they , too , can get a best in class DVR experience through an antenna . " The announcement comes two months after the Supreme Court ruled that Aereo , a similar service , violated copyright laws . Aereo captured shows from the broadcast airwaves and let users stream them digitally to their computers , smartphones or tablets . The difference , TiVo says , is that the OTA uses devices in the home to record video , instead of recording it outside the home then streaming it to digital devices . "  The technology is not anything new , " TiVo spokesman Steve Wymer told Bloomberg . "  We never had legal challenges regarding recording content in the home for an individual consumer . " TiVo 's news release was printed under the title , "  Simple , Brilliant and Legal . " You know you 're in peculiar times when an established digital company makes a point of clarifying that its new product is legal . While still dwarfed by the nation 's millions of homes with cable , a growing number of consumers have begun "  cutting the cord " in recent years -- opting to rely exclusively on network broadcasts and streaming Web services like Netflix , Amazon and YouTube for their movie and TV show needs . The OTA can record up to four programs at the same time and has 500 GB of storage , enough for 75 hours of high-definition recordings . It will be available September 14 in a limited release at Best Buy stores , with more availability , presumably , if the product succeeds in those markets . One thing that cable-haters may not love : in addition to its $ 50 price , the Roamio OTA comes with a $ 15 monthly fee and a minimum one-year subscription . That 's still a lot less than most cable packages , but one more fee to pile on top of those other Web-content subscriptions .	TiVo unveils the Roamio OTA DVR to record network shows The device is $ 50 with a $ 15 monthly service fee It also records Web content like Netflix and YouTube OTA rolls out two months after Supreme Court ruled against Aereo
CNN  -- Leeland Eisenberg 's latest jaunt away from authorities ' watch lasted less than a day , police say . Eisenberg , who took hostages six years ago at one of Hillary Clinton 's campaign offices , was arrested Monday morning at a community resource center in Manchester , New Hampshire , hours after officials learned he was n't at a Manchester halfway house where he was supposed to be , police in the city said . Authorities had said they considered Sunday afternoon 's disappearance an escape because Eisenberg did not let anyone know he was leaving , as he is required to do . Eisenberg will be arraigned Monday at a Hillsborough County courthouse on an escape charge , and then will be sent to state prison in Concord , state Department of Corrections spokesman Jeff Lyons said This is at least the second time Eisenberg , 52 , left authorities wondering about his whereabouts . He was released in 2009 after serving two thirds of a three-year sentence . But in February 2010 , he violated his probation by cutting off his GPS tracking bracelet . He was arrested about a day later and eventually received a new sentence of 3 1/2 to 7 years . He is eligible for parole in August . Eisenberg has a history of mental illness and substance-abuse problems , authorities say . In 2007 , he entered Clinton 's campaign office in Rochester , New Hampshire , with road flares strapped to his chest . He claimed he had a bomb , and he held several hostages for five hours . Clinton was in Washington at the time . In an interview with CNN in 2007 , Eisenberg said he took the hostages to raise awareness about mental health issues . "  I wanted to sacrifice myself for mental illness and bring about the discussion about mental illness , " Eisenberg said . Furthermore , he said , "  I wanted the police to kill me . " He was convicted of multiple counts of kidnapping , criminal threatening and false reports of explosives . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Leeland Eisenberg arrested in Manchester , New Hampshire Authorities say he was supposed to be at his Manchester halfway house Eisenberg will be charged with escape , Department of Corrections spokesman Eisenberg held hostages at a Hillary Clinton campaign office in 2007
BARCELONA , Spain -- Barcelona are ready for twice world player of the year Ronaldinho to move on , said club president Joan Laporta . Ronaldinho is expected to leave Barcelona this summer after struggling for form last season . Laporta told the Catalan TV3 station that the Brazilian midfielder , who struggled with injuries and poor form last season , needed new challenges in his career . "  When the wheel turns , it 's normal that the key figures leave , " Laporta said . "  I would like Ronaldinho to be given a great send-off so that he is remembered for all he has given us and that if he did n't do any more it was because the circumstances would n't allow it . "  Last year , we thought that it might be the year to sell him , but given his enthusiasm and the appreciation that a club like Barcelona needs to have , we decided to let him stay on . Things have n't turned out the way he wanted them to . " Laporta recognized that it might not be easy to sell Ronaldinho , who suffered a series of injury and fitness problems this season and made the starting line-up in only 13 of 38 league matches . Ronaldinho last played for Barcelona in the 2-1 loss at home to Villarreal on March 9 , has suffered muscle pain in his right leg been out of action ever since . AC Milan showed an interest in signing him and his brother Robert De Assis said personal terms had been agreed . But the clubs failed to reach agreement over a transfer fee . After a second successive season without a trophy Barcelona announced on May 7 that Rijkaard would leave at the end of the season and be replaced by former player Josep Guardiola . "  We decided that if Frank did not continue then we would choose Guardiola because Pep possessed the necessary humility , " said Laporta . "  We did n't think about coaches like Mourinho or  Rafa  Benitez , who are both great coaches , but are n't right for Barcelona . So we told Rijkaard that when he left Guardiola would take his place . " Barca 's arch-rivals Real Madrid , who lifted another Spanish title this season , have signed their first newcomer for the next campaign by paying a reported 10 million euros  $ 15.5 million  for Argentine defender Ezequiel Garay from Racing Santander . Marca newspaper said the 21-year-old Argentine had signed a six-year contract . Meanwhile , reports that Real could be making a move for Manchester United 's Cristiano Ronaldo were dismissed by coach Bernd Schuster . "  I prefer to spend my time talking about things that have some bearing to reality , " he told a press conference . Marca had reported that Real were still interested in buying Ronaldo who has put off all talk of his future until after the Champions League final .	Barcelona are ready to let Brazilian international Ronaldinho leave the club Club president Joan Laporta says that Ronaldinho needs new challenges Barcelona have already replaced coach Frank Rijkaard with Pep Guardiola
CNN  -- Former child actor Gary Coleman remained in a Utah jail Monday after being booked on an outstanding arrest warrant relating to a domestic violence case , authorities said . "  He 's still our guest here , " Utah County sheriff 's spokesman Lt. Dennis Harris said Monday afternoon . Police visited Coleman 's Santaquin City , Utah , home Sunday in response to a civil disturbance call , but no criminal charges were filed , a police spokeswoman said . A computer check , however , revealed a misdemeanor failure to appear in court warrant for the former "  Diff ` rent Strokes " star stemming from a domestic violence incident last year , the spokeswoman said . Coleman , 41 , was arrested and booked without incident Sunday in the county jail in Spanish Fork , the spokesman said . Coleman could get out of jail by posting a $ 1,725 bail , but that has not happened , Harris said . Coleman 's mug shot released by the jail showed that he was "  not too happy , " Harris said . Police did not release details about the previous case related to the arrest warrant . CNN 's Alan Duke and Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Gary Coleman arrested in Utah County , Utah ; actor had outstanding warrant Coleman could get out of jail by posting $ 1,725 bail , police say Police : Actor 's home visited in response to civil disturbance call , but no criminal charges filed
CNN  -- Mexico 's military has notched an important success for President Felipe Calderon with the arrest of Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sanchez , the reputed boss of the powerful Gulf drug cartel . Costilla , nicknamed "  El Coss , " was captured without a fight in the coastal city of Tampico , in the border state of Tamaulipas , Navy spokesman Jose Luis Vergara said Thursday . Wednesday 's arrest -- together with the seizure of weapons , vehicles and jewels -- is a much needed achievement for Calderon , whose offensive against drug cartels has done little to stem drug-related violence or the volume of drugs transported through Mexico . The mustachioed Costilla , handcuffed and wearing a checkered long-sleeve shirt under a bulletproof vest , was presented before reporters . Mexican marines chased a vehicle of armed men into a residence in Tampico , where they "  surprised " Costilla and arrested him , Vergara said . Costilla is said to head a criminal group considered the third-most powerful in Mexico . "  El Coss is an important actor , " said George Grayson , professor of government at the College of William & Mary and expert of drug cartels . "  His capture is a tremendous blow to the Gulf cartel . " Five others were arrested with Costilla , and of five of his bodyguards were arrested after a shootout in a separate city , Vergara said . Some of them wore camouflage uniforms when they were presented next to Costilla . There are rewards in Mexico and the United States for Costilla 's arrest . Costilla has been indicted in the United States , accused of drug trafficking and threatening U.S. law enforcement officials in November 1999 . In that incident , according to the U.S. State Department , Costilla and other suspected Gulf Cartel leaders allegedly stopped federal agents and pointed AK-47 rifles at them . The agents were allowed to leave after a standoff . The State Department offered a reward of up to $ 5 million for information leading to Costilla 's arrest . In Mexico , where Costilla is on the government 's list of the 37 most-wanted traffickers , officials offered more than $ 2 million for his capture . While not as powerful as it once was , the Gulf Cartel is one of Mexico 's major drug trafficking organizations . Costilla assumed a top role after the arrest of former Gulf Cartel boss Osiel Cardenas Guillen and became the top leader after a rift with Cardenas ' relatives in the organization , authorities have said . As Costilla rose in the cartel hierarchy , the group controlled smuggling routes in northeastern Mexico by using its enforcement arm , known as Los Zetas , authorities have said . But Los Zetas later split into its own violent cartel , and for several years has been fighting the Gulf Cartel for the lucrative turf . "  El Coss survived internal divisions and directed violent confrontations in Tamaulipas and Nuevo Leon against his former allies , Los Zetas , " Vergara said . The arrest is the latest in a series of blows against the Gulf Cartel , based in the city of Matamoros , across the border from Brownsville , Texas . This month , Mario Cardenas Guillen , reputed leader of the Gulf faction loyal to the Cardenas family , was also arrested by the military . Costilla 's arrest was the result of "  intense intelligence " work by the Navy , and information gleaned from Mario Cardenas ' arrest , Vergara said . The rival Zetas , who operate in the same northeastern part of the country , may seem poised to take advantage of their rival 's vulnerability . But Grayson said internal divisions within the Zetas will prevent them from turning the heat up on the Gulf cartel , and that the Sinaloa cartel will be the trafficking group most likely to strengthen its position . In the past , surges in violence have been recorded after the killing or capture of cartel bosses . Internal rifts within the Gulf cartel and Zetas could lead to fights and alliances in a "  kaleidoscope situation , " Grayson said . The other big winner is the Mexican Navy and its marines , who again proved they are effective at going after high-profile targets , he said . In 2009 , the marines were responsible for another of the Calderon administration 's biggest gets when they killed kingpin Arturo Beltran Leyva in a shootout . The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration has provided intelligence to Mexican authorities during several operations , including the one that brought an end to Beltran Leyva . But the arrest of Costilla was a "  Mexican operation , " said the U.S. drug agency 's spokesman , Rusty Payne . "  Obviously when a major cartel leader is arrested and brought to justice , it is significant . DEA congratulates the government of Mexico and their brave military for their continued success in apprehending top drug traffickers , " Payne said .	NEW : This was a Mexican operation , the DEA says The Mexican Navy says it has arrested Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sanchez Costilla is said to be the leader of the Gulf Cartel Multimillion-dollar rewards were offered for his capture in Mexico and the United States
Beijing  CNN  -- China 's recent economic downturn is spurring a new wave of worker strikes , which experts say are the only effective channel for them to air their grievances . Thousands of workers at the Yucheng Footwear Factory in Dongguan , a manufacturing hub in southern Guangdong province , clashed with police last week to demand better pay . Factory managers laid off 18 employees and cut overtime after a drop in overseas orders -- prompting employees to demonstrate at the local government building . "  The slow-down strike is still on but there 's no street protest because the police have been mobilized , " said one worker , who asked to remain anonymous when interviewed by phone five days after the labor action . "  A dozen workers got injured during the clash and were sent to hospital . " China labor unrest flares as orders fall The protest is one of many to hit manufacturers operating in southern Guangdong province -- the "  workshop of the world " -- as increasingly frustrated workers vent their discontent at low pay and poor working conditions . "  This is probably the most intense spike in worker activism since the wave of strikes that hit Chinese manufacturers in summer 2010 , " said Geoffrey Crothall of China Labor Bulletin , a Hong Kong-based group that monitors labor issues in China . In June , workers at the Toyota and Honda Motor plants in southern China went on strike , halting production and forcing pay hikes . Experts attribute the spike in protests to employers maximizing their shrinking profits at the expense of workers . "  There are a broad range of complaints but they are basically related to being squeezed by their employers who are themselves making less profit , " said Crothall . "  Also many businesses in the Pearl River Delta are planning to relocate inland and this is creating uncertainty and anxiety among the workforce . " China 's economy has become the world 's second largest after three decades of rapid growth , and much of that growth has been driven by exports and large infrastructure projects . But lately , the economic engine has been running out of gas . China 's mighty industrial engine is stalling Home sales fell 25 % last month and a report this week said manufacturing may be at a three-year low . The economy grew 9.1 % last quarter from a year ago , the lowest since 2009 , but inflation still hovered at 5.5 % in October . Chinese officials have tried to boost the economy with wage increases . Several provinces and cities have increased wages this year . Shanghai raised its minimum wage by 17 % , while Guangdong , China 's export base , boosted theirs by an average of 21 % . Some experts say the salary hikes will accelerate the country 's industrial restructuring , saying higher labor costs will force enterprises to be more technologically advanced and transform China 's export-oriented economic growth model to one that is boosted by domestic demand . But others worry the wage hikes may lead to massive layoffs in companies already facing increased factory payrolls and production costs , leading to labor unrest . The specter of large-scale labor unrest worries Chinese officials whose fear of "  luan "  chaos  is close to visceral . "  Labor unrest is a glaring reminder to them that their attempts to reduce social injustice and income disparity are not working , " opined Crothall . "  They are trying manage social and economic disputes in the usual administrative top-down manner without giving workers a voice in resolving their own grievances . That is why workers have no choice but to take to streets to make their voices heard . " China strictly bans independent unions . It worries that independent union members might challenge the government as the Solidarity movement did in Poland . The authorities are quick to suppress any labor group not under their direct control . Workers can only turn to the All-China Federation of Trade Unions , a government-sanctioned organization whose primary mission is to support Communist party policies and seek basic compensation for workers . With no means of collective bargaining , workers resort to petitioning the government -- or illegal protests . He Yuancheng , who works at the Laowei Law Firm , said workers typically go on strike due to lack of labor union or organizations that can genuinely represent their interests . "  The workers ' main complaint is the lack of channel , a system , that can allow them to fight for their interests , " he said . "  They can only resort to strikes to assert their rights and to counterbalance the power of the employer . " He , whose Guangdong-based law firm mainly handles labor rights cases , said the Chinese authorities would be better off allowing trade unions if they wish to avert luan and maintain social stability . "  To protect worker 's rights is to protect stability , " he added . "  Only when rights are protected can stability be realized . "	Thousands of workers in southern Guangdong province clashed with police last week to demand better pay It was one many to hit manufacturers as frustrated workers vent their discontent at low pay and poor conditions Experts attribute spike in protests to employers maximizing their shrinking profits at the expense of workers China 's economic engine has been running out of gas lately after years of rapid growth
CNN  -- Brendan McDonough , a lookout for his elite 20-man Arizona wildfire-fighting crew , saw Sunday 's blaze change directions and warned his team by radio from his hilltop perch . The new conditions , he told them , also were forcing him to leave that spot , officials recalled Tuesday . He did as he was trained , officials said . And because he did , McDonough might have escaped his own death by seconds . McDonough was trying to go to another lookout point when the Yarnell Hill fire killed 19 members of Prescott Fire Department 's Granite Mountain Hotshots , Prescott Fire Department spokesman Wade Ward said . The incident , part of a fire that has burned more than 8,400 acres since Friday , produced the deadliest day for firefighters since the 9/11 attacks . "  He -LSB- McDonough -RSB- was doing what he was supposed to do , " Ward told CNN . "  The crew was doing what they need to do . This is why they call this kind of thing an accident . " Honoring the fallen Ward , who confirmed McDonough 's name and job Tuesday , said McDonough is having a hard time dealing with his comrades ' deaths and was n't ready to talk . In a statement released through a fire official Tuesday , McDonough said he was grateful for the public 's "  outpouring of support towards his organization , " and he asked for privacy for his family and his comrades ' relatives . "  Everyone can appreciate that he 's working though the process of dealing with this loss , and that could last for some time , " said Bob Orrill , a regional incident commander helping the fire department . Opinion : When heroes face down fire -- and fate ` His lookout had already burned over ' McDonough was overlooking his teammates when he told them the "  weather was changing rapidly , " and winds moved the fire in a different direction , Wade told reporters Tuesday . Wade did n't have particulars , but he said the changes amounted to a "  trigger point " -- previously agreed conditions that would require him to go to another spot . McDonough , as prescribed , told the crew he was leaving , and that "  he would contact them and they could contact him if they needed anything , " Wade said . He went down the hill and met a supervisor of a different hotshot crew . Hotshot crews such as McDonough 's are elite teams that are called to get close to the blaze , dig barriers and clear out the brush and other material that otherwise would fuel it . McDonough turned around . He apparently left just in time . "  The location that he was at at his lookout had already burned over , " Wade said . "  He got in  a  vehicle  with the other team 's supervisor  and was taken to a safety zone . " Perhaps a mile or two away from McDonough 's original location -- Wade did n't know Sunday 's particulars , but he said that 's typically the distance between lookout and crew -- the fire overcame the 19 . The deaths are under investigation , but officials have said it appears the 19 were forced to lie down under fire shelters , blankets meant to protect against flames and heat , as a last resort against an inferno that overwhelmed them . Wildfire battle shadowed by losses ` You can not immediately drop somebody in another position ' One Prescott official , speaking with Wade at the news conference in Prescott Tuesday , told reporters that it was protocol to have a hotshot lookout in place at all times . The officials there said they did n't know whether another lookout was in place when McDonough moved . Either way , Wade said , McDonough "  was doing his job and the hotshot crew was doing their job . " "  You can not immediately drop somebody in another position , " Wade said . "  There are lookouts in the air ... as well as other lookouts . He left his post based on protocol , and we was moving to a new position . " The Prescott community has taken the deaths hard . Many attended a memorial service at the city 's Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University campus Monday . A tribute outside Prescott Fire Station No. 7 grew that day , with flowers , American flags and signs placed on or near a fence that separated the station from a road . The tokens also included 19 bottles of water , arranged in a circle . On Monday , the Prescott fire chief also told reporters -- without identifying McDonough at the time -- that the 20th member was struggling . "  Unfortunately , we have very few words to express that kind of sorrow , but we understood each other , " Prescott Fire Chief Dan Fraijo said Monday . "  When you take a person in your arms and you hug them , you do n't have to say too much . " How to help	NEW : Lookout warned his team , then left post as prescribed , officials say NEW : The lookout , Brendan McDonough , departed hilltop post just before flames came 19 members of a "  hotshot " team from Prescott died in an Arizona wildfire Sunday McDonough was the only team member to survive
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- One day after Syrian rebels accused government forces of a deadly bombing near a hospital in the besieged city of Aleppo , opposition groups said another 151 people had been killed in the fighting Thursday . The majority of those deaths occurred in the Syrian capital of Damascus and its suburbs , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based opposition group . Another 34 were killed in Aleppo , where some of the heaviest fighting has occurred . The 20-month civil war has claimed more than 42,000 lives , according to the latest tally from the opposition Center for Documentation of Violations in Syria . The group counts 3,133 government soldiers among the dead . And the bloodletting has since carried on unabated while also threatening regional stability . On Wednesday , 15 people died in the strike on a building next to the Dar al-Shifa Hospital , including two children and a doctor . Ralib al-Omar , a leader of the Yusif al-Asma rebel group , said the strike had targeted the hospital and that the dead included two nurses . A doctor was among the dead -- one of 40 people killed in Aleppo on Wednesday and 113 across the country . Dar al-Shifa is one of the main sources of medical help for people in Syria 's commercial hub . In video posted by opposition activists , the blast appeared to have affected the hospital 's often-crowded front lobby . Amanpour blog : U.S. has no plan for Syria Protests first broke out against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in March 2011 . Al-Assad responded by turning the army and police on the demonstrations . The government-owned Syrian Arab News Agency reported a series of clashes between security forces and "  armed terrorist groups , " while intense fighting near the Syrian-Turkish border in recent weeks has pitted loyalist Syrian forces against the rebel Free Syrian Army . CNN can not confirm claims by the government or the opposition because of government restrictions that prevent journalists from reporting freely within Syria . In a sign of a potential escalation of the conflict , Turkey asked its NATO allies for Patriot missiles Wednesday to bolster its air defenses against its southern neighbor . A letter to NATO included the "  formal request " that the alliance send "  air defense elements , " according to a Turkish government statement that cited "  the threats and risks posed by the continuing crisis in Syria to our national security . " The statement added that the NATO Council would convene "  shortly " to consider the matter . NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said in a Twitter post that the request would be considered without delay . Israel puts trust in Iron Dome Rasmussen said the letter from Turkey requested Patriot missiles that would "  contribute to the de-escalation of the crisis along NATO 's south-eastern border " and serve as "  a concrete demonstration of alliance solidarity and resolve . " His statement said three NATO countries have available Patriot missiles -- Germany , the Netherlands and the United States -- and it would be up to them to decide if they can deploy them and for how long . A NATO team will visit Turkey next week to survey possible deployment sites for the missiles , Rasmussen 's statement said . Sources told CNN that Germany would be the likely source for a deployment . German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Wednesday that any decision involving her country would need the approval of Parliament . Syrian conflict a factor in Israeli election In Turkey , Foreign Ministry spokesman Selcuk Unal said NATO forces under the command of the alliance would come to Turkey as part of the missile deployment . He noted that NATO-supplied Patriot missiles previously were deployed in Turkey in 1991 and 2003 . "  It 's not as if they are going to come tomorrow to be deployed , " Unal said , calling the move a precautionary measure that will deter escalation along the Syrian border . International and Turkish media reported earlier this month that Turkey planned to ask NATO to station Patriot missiles along the border with Syria , but Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan denied it at the time . Turkey has been careful to make clear it plans no offensive action and does not want a war with Syria , which shares a more than 500-mile border . Turkish President Abdullah Gul told reporters November 8 that while going to war with Syria was "  out of the question , " precautions were needed against "  ballistic missiles as well as mid-range and near-range missiles . " The U.S.-made Patriot missile system -- which became well known during the first Gulf War in the early 1990s when it protected American allies against Iraqi Scud missiles -- works well against short - and medium-range missiles . Last month , Syrian artillery shells hit the Turkish border town of Akcakale , killing five Turkish citizens . Soon after , the Turkish Parliament approved a resolution that would allow the military to carry out cross-border incursions . Since then , Turkish forces have retaliated swiftly with artillery after more than a dozen cross-border artillery strikes believed to have been carried out by the Syrian military . Once-cozy relations between Syria and Turkey have all but collapsed since the Syrian uprising began last year . Turkey is officially hosting more than 111,000 Syrian refugees , but the Turkish government says tens of thousands of unofficial refugees also live in Turkish cities and towns near the Syrian border . Meanwhile , Damascus has repeatedly accused its former ally of meddling in internal Syrian affairs by funding and arming the Syrian opposition , as well as providing sanctuary and medical care to Syrian rebels . CNN 's Susannah Palk , Gul Tuysuz , Tom Cohen , Richard Greene and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : By Thursday , another 76 people had been killed in the fighting , opposition groups say Rebels say a Syrian airstrike hits near Aleppo hospital Turkey requests Patriot missiles amid concern over "  threats and risks " from Syrian crisis NATO says the missiles would demonstrate solidarity in the alliance
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. officials at the Pentagon and State Department denied Friday knowing of any efforts to take down the WikiLeaks website or asking companies to do so . The site 's efforts to publish 250,000 diplomatic cables has been hampered by denial-of-service attacks , ejection from its server host and cancellation of its name by its American domain name provider . Each time WikiLeaks has worked out other arrangements to bring the site back online . In written answers to readers ' questions posted on the website of the British newspaper The Guardian , WikiLeaks ' founder Julian Assange alleged "  abusive elements of the United States government " were behind the site 's technical problems . A State Department spokesman disputed that the U.S. government was involved . "  I am not aware of any conversations by the United States government with either any internet host here or any government over there at this point , " said spokesman P.J. Crowley . A Defense Department official also denied causing the technical problems slowing the WikiLeaks release of secret U.S. government documents . "  I am not aware that the Department of Defense is behind any of the problems that WikiLeaks is experiencing , " Col. Dave Lapan , Pentagon spokesman , said Friday . "  We are not aware of what is causing the problems that WikiLeaks is experiencing . " Lapan said the military 's Cyber Command has both defensive and offensive capabilities but is limited where and how it can operate . "  Cyber Command is to protect DoD networks , " Lapan said at an off-camera question session with journalists . "  There are other agencies of the U.S. government that get involved in the commercial side . So there are certainly legal and other boundaries that would have to be considered . " The Pentagon 's top spokesman , Geoff Morrell , said earlier this week that Secretary of Defense Robert Gates does not want to use the Pentagon 's online resources to go after WikiLeaks because the impact of the documents being published is not severe enough to warrant it . The United States is trying to track where WikiLeaks is publishing from , Crowley said . "  What we are doing is , we are tracking where these documents are emerging from . Just to keep track of what is being released and , as we have been doing for some time , trying to assess impact . So we are monitoring where documents are emerging from , " Crowley told reporters Friday .	Spokesmen say they know of no attempt to bring down WikiLeaks WikiLeaks founder blames "  abusive elements of the United States government " Government is monitoring where documents emerge , spokesman says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A task force made up of local and federal law enforcement agencies is actively pursuing leads into the 1997 slaying of hip hop artist Christopher Wallace , better known as Biggie Smalls or Notorious B.I.G. , according to two sources familiar with the investigation . According to one law enforcement source , the investigation into the 13-year-old unsolved case was "  reinvigorated " months ago as a result of new information , but the source would not elaborate further because of the ongoing investigation that includes the Los Angeles Police Department , L.A. County District Attorney 's Office and the FBI . On March 9 , 1997 , Wallace , 24 , was shot and killed while riding in a Suburban that was driving away from a music industry party at the Petersen Automotive Museum in Los Angeles . Los Angeles police said a lone gunman in a Chevy Impala pulled alongside the Suburban and opened fire on Wallace , who was in the passenger seat . Witnesses described the suspect as being an African-American man wearing a suit and bow tie . The main theory behind shooting was payback in a so-called rap war between East and West Coast hip hop artists and their record companies - Bad Boy Entertainment in New York , which represented Wallace , and Death Row Records , headed by Marion "  Suge " Knight , in Los Angeles . Six months earlier in Las Vegas , a gunman opened fire on a car driven by Knight , killing one of his top artists Tupac Shakur . That murder remains unsolved also . "  East Coast was Biggie , West Coast was Tupac , " Wallace 's mother Voletta Wallace told a filmmaker in the 2002 documentary "  Biggie and Tupac . " "  Come on now , you 're messing with lives here and that 's exactly what happened . Two lives were lost as a result of what ? Stupidity ? " Voletta Wallace told the filmmaker . Retired Los Angeles Police Detective Russell Poole , who worked on the Wallace case , told CNN that he believes Knight was behind the murder , even though the Death Row Records ' boss was serving time on a probation violation at the time . "  Suge Knight ordered the hit , " Poole said , adding that he believes it was arranged by Reggie Wright Jr. , who headed security for Death Row Records . Reggie Wright Jr. told CNN he had nothing to do with the murder , and Knight has repeatedly said he had nothing to do with the crime . Poole said he retired early from the LAPD , in part , because he was thwarted in following leads in the Wallace case involving police officers , some of whom worked off-duty for Death Row Records . "  I think I was getting too close to the truth , " Poole said . "  I think they feared that the truth would be a scandal . " One of the officers Poole said was involved is David Mack , who was sent to prison for robbing a bank in 1997 , the same year Wallace was killed . Poole said Mack owned the same type of car driven by the gunman who shot Wallace , and Poole said a friend of Mack 's resembles a police sketch of the shooter . CNN was unable to reach Mack for comment , but when allegations of his involvement in Wallace ' slaying originally surfaced more than a decade ago , his criminal defense attorney Donald Re called the claims ridiculous . Poole also assisted Wallace 's family in their wrongful death lawsuit against the Los Angeles Police Department alleging a cover-up in the investigation . Los Angeles City Councilman Bernard Parks was the chief of police when Poole was investigating , and he told CNN the accusations about a police cover-up are "  absurd . " "  We would have never ignored a lead that could have helped us solve that murder , " Parks said . Perry Sanders , Voletta Wallace 's attorney , told CNN the family 's lawsuit , which was originally filed in 2002 , was put on hold in April after Los Angeles police said turning over evidence from the case would interfere with a beefed up investigation . Mack was released from federal prison on May 14 . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Christopher Wallace was shot and killed in 1997 A source says the unsolved case was "  reinvigorated " because of new information The source would not say what the new information was
CNN  -- Venus Williams could not find the energy and inspiration which had seen her defeat sister Serena in the last four as she slipped to a straight sets defeat to Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska in the final of the Rogers Cup in Montreal Sunday . Maybe the effort of three straight three-set matches took its tool , but the seven-time grand slam champion was rarely a factor as she lost 6-4 6-2 in 81 minutes at the hard court tournament . "  I am sorry . I fell a little short . I did n't have as much to give as I would have liked , " Venus said . She took the opening game of the match before Radwanska went on a run of four straight to take an early stranglehold . Williams broke back for 4-3 , but the third seed rounded out the set 6-4 . The pair exchanged breaks at the start of the second , but Radwanska broke again in the fifth game and did not drop another to claim her 14th WTA career title . The Wimbledon 2012 runner-up to Serena Wlliams was delighted by her victory and a check for $ 467,000 for the win . "  Everything was working for me today , " she said . Consolation for Williams is that she will improve her current ranking of 26 after her fine run at the tournament and an earlier title in 2014 . Later Sunday , Jo-Wilfried Tsonga completed a triumphant week at the men 's Rogers Cup in Toronto with a straight sets victory over Roger Federer . The Frenchman had beaten world number one Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray on his way to the title match at the Masters 1000 tournament and Federer went the same way in a 7-5 7-6 victory . The 13th seed had also gone into this match as the underdog , with Federer looking for a remarkable 300th win at this level . But a single break after a pair of errors from Federer saw him wrap up the opener . The second set went with service with Tsonga wrapping up the tiebreaker 7-3 to win his second Masters 1000 crown and to climb back into the top 10 of the world rankings . Tsonga had not won a title in 18 months after struggling with injury and loss of form , but has returned to his best with a vengeance ahead of the U.S. Open later this month .	Agnieszka Radwanska wins Rogers Cup in Montreal Beats Venus Williams 6-4 6-2 in final Jo-Wilfried Tsonga stuns Roger Federer in Toronto final Tsonga beat Novak Djokovic on the way to title match
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Calling the federal response to Hurricane Katrina "  a shameful breakdown in government , " President Barack Obama said Sunday as rebuilding continues , officials are looking ahead to avoid a repeat when future disasters strike . Speaking at Xavier University of Louisiana in New Orleans to mark the fifth anniversary of Katrina , Obama said construction of a fortified levee system to protect the city is underway and will be finished by next year , "  We should not be playing Russian roulette every hurricane season , " he said . "  There is no need to dwell on what you experienced and what the world witnessed , " the president said , speaking to a crowd that included current New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu and members of Louisiana 's Congressional delegation . "  We all remember it keenly -- water pouring through broken levees ; mothers holding their children above the waterline ; people stranded on rooftops begging for help ; and bodies lying in the streets of a great American city , " Obama said . "  It was a natural disaster but also a man-made catastrophe ; a shameful breakdown in government that left countless men and women and children abandoned and alone . " But the president spoke of the resilience of city residents . "  Because of all of you -- all the advocates , all the organizers who are here today , folks standing behind me who have worked so hard and never gave up hope , you are all leading the way toward a better future for this city with innovative approaches to fight poverty , improve health care , reduce crime and create opportunities for young people -- because of you , New Orleans is coming back . " The president noted that New Orleans is now one of the nation 's fastest-growing cities , and small businesses have surged . "  Five years ago , the Saints had to play every game on the road because of the damage to the Superdome , " he said . "  Two weeks ago , we welcomed the Saints to the White House as Super Bowl champions . " "  I do n't have to tell you that there are still too many vacant and overgrown lots , " Obama said . "  There are still too many students attending classes in trailers . There are still too many people unable to find work . And there 's still too many New Orleans folks who have n't been able to come home . " "  So while an incredible amount of progress has been made , on this fifth anniversary , I wanted to come here and tell the people of this city directly : My administration is going to stand with you -- and fight alongside you -- until the job is done , until New Orleans is all the way back . " He said his administration has made efforts to reduce red tape and turf wars between agencies , and has put in place a new way to handle disputes , with help from Sen. Mary Landrieu , D-Louisiana . More than 170 projects are now underway as a result , he said . In addition , federal officials are tackling "  corruption and inefficiency that has long plagued the New Orleans Housing Authority , " he said . And a group led by Housing Secretary Shaun Donovan and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano is examining disaster recovery nationwide . "  We 're improving coordination on the ground , modernizing emergency communications and helping families plan for a crisis , " Obama said . "  And we 're putting in place reforms so that never again in America is someone left behind in a disaster because they 're living with a disability or because they 're elderly or because they 're infirm . That will not happen again . " On Friday , he said , his administration announced a final agreement on $ 1.8 billion for Orleans Parish schools , money the president said had been "  locked up for years , but now it 's freed up , so folks here can determine how best to restore the school system . " In addition , the largest civil works project in American history -- the construction of a fortified levee system to protect New Orleans -- is underway and will be finished by next year , he said . "  Together we are helping to make New Orleans a place that stands for what we can do in America -- not just for what we ca n't do , " he said . "  And ultimately , that must be the legacy of Katrina : not one of neglect , but of action ; not one of indifference , but of empathy ; not of abandonment , but of a community working together to meet shared challenges . " Some wounds , the president acknowledged , have not yet healed , and "  there are some losses that ca n't be repaid . For many who lived through those harrowing days five years ago , there are searing memories that time may not erase . But even amid so much tragedy , we saw the stirrings of a brighter day . " He said he recalled being struck , upon visiting New Orleans four years ago , by the amount of greenery that had returned . "  The work ahead will not be easy , " he said , "  and there will be setbacks . There will be challenges along the way . But thanks to you , thanks to the great people of this great city , New Orleans is blossoming again . " Following his speech , the president , accompanied by first lady Michelle Obama , were given a short tour of a new neighborhood built on a part of the city that experienced severe flooding when Katrina hit .	Obama : "  New Orleans is coming back " President says efforts remain underway to rebuild after Katrina Officials are looking ahead to prepare for future disasters , he says
CNN  -- Although Elizabeth Woodville lived centuries ago , author Philippa Gregory believes women today will find they have a commonality with her . Philippa Gregory took years to research and write "  The White Queen . " Gregory 's new novel "  The White Queen " focuses on the life of Woodville , who was Queen consort to England 's Edward IV , and the events that came to be known as the Wars of the Roses . Gregory is herself often referred to in majestic terms as the "  queen of historical fiction . " She has enjoyed international success after a series of best-selling novels , including "  The Other Boleyn Girl , " which was made into a feature film starring Natalie Portman and Scarlett Johansson . The new book , which was years in the making , has Gregory departing from the exploits of the Tudor family and delving into the lives of their predecessors , the Plantagenets . Woodville , a commoner , captured the heart of England 's King Edward IV . She was also the mother of Edward V and Richard of Shrewsbury , who came to be known as the "  Princes in the Tower . " Their disappearances , and presumed deaths , have long been an enduring mystery . That intrigue , and Woodville 's fascinating life , appealed to the historian in Gregory . The British author talked to CNN about her new direction , why Americans ca n't get enough of historic kings and queens and why she loves living in the past . CNN : Your Tudor series has been so successful . What took you in this direction ? Philippa Gregory : I think I felt like I had written a lot on the Tudors and although they are such fascinating characters and -LSB- there are -RSB- still some I would like to write about , I just got so interested in the back-story , the family that was there before the Tudors , and I thought I 'd see if I could take the audience with me . I knew I wanted to do it so I thought I would take the chance . CNN : What drew you to Elizabeth Woodville ? Gregory : She is , herself , such an extraordinary character and a spectator of extraordinary times . And , of course , she is the mother of the Princes in the Tower which is possibly the greatest mystery in English history . Watch Gregory talk about her new novel " CNN : Why do you think people are still so fascinated with the princes ? Gregory : I think because it involves two completely innocent young boys . It really focuses on the absolute wickedness of Richard III , and of course that is debatable , so you 've got some controversy there to start off there . It 's very much about could Elizabeth have protected them or should she have done so . In a sense , it questions her as a mother and a queen . I think the debate about Richard III is probably the key thing . CNN : Do you think modern-day women will be able to relate to Elizabeth ? Gregory : Oh yes . What we see in Elizabeth and what we see in some of the other historical heroines are women who are in an appalling situation . They have no legal rights , they have no financial rights , they have no security and the likelihood of them dying in childbirth was always very , very high . You were talking about a terribly dangerous life for women . Although women today have fantastic rights in comparison , I think we still often have a sense of being in a man 's world and having to play by men 's rules . I know women identify with that because they often write to me and say they draw great strength and courage from these women who are , in a sense , our heroines . CNN : You have such a huge fan base in the United States . What do you think it is about Americans which draws us to royalty ? Gregory : I do n't know that it 's royalty . I thing a lot of people have a great deal of interest in the royal family , but in a sense the Tudors or even Plantagenets are so far from the modern royal family that I do n't think it 's that sort of snobbery . I think actually that a lot of American women find it quite hard to fit into modern , American society . They find the conflicts and difficulties of the past a very fruitful escape , so it 's lovely just to stop worrying about now and go to somewhere else , but I think women also use the books as a type of role model of how to cope . The Plantagenet women , Elizabeth Woodville the White Queen , they are fighting mythic , epic battles to survive . We fight much more ordinary battles , but sometimes you need the same courage . CNN : What do you enjoy about writing historical fiction ? Gregory : I love the research . I am a historian by profession so that 's probably the biggest thing for me . The reason that I write historical fiction is so that I can set the story in the past and explore the past . I like the form of it as well . I 'm quite a technical writer . I think about how it works and I think the challenge of making the past come alive for the reader is a huge one . CNN : Having had a book made into a film , does that affect your writing at all ? Are you thinking about the fact that a new novel might become a movie ? Gregory : No . One of the funny things is that getting the history right , doing intense amounts of research , trying to make the characters come alive , living with the characters and putting it all in first person , present tense which is technically quite challenging , all of that keeps me busy enough . I do n't even think about the readers . I just think about how the novel is working as a novel . I never think about what will happen with it after I am done .	Philippa Gregory has found fame writing historical fiction Her new novel , "  The White Queen , " is set during the Wars of the Roses Gregory believes modern-day readers will be able to relate to the protagonist Story tells perspective of Elizabeth Woodville , Queen consort to Edward IV
CNN  -- If the United States Department of Justice has any real interest in obtaining justice in the tragic shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown , Attorney General Eric Holder 's announcement of a new civil rights investigation in Ferguson , Missouri ,  population 21,000  was a step in the wrong direction . The department 's ham-handed effort to improve the political "  optics " of active federal involvement may , ironically , create the reasonable doubt that will ultimately clear the shooter , Officer Darren Wilson . The Department of Justice is likely to be impeding justice by proceeding prematurely with a federal investigation while local law enforcement authorities struggle with the facts of the complex and controversial case . The DOJ investigations  there now appear to be two that have been officially announced  are highly prejudicial to the local prosecutor 's presentation of the case to the grand jury . The non-sequestered grand jurors who return home every night after scrutinizing evidence in the case are almost certain to hear of the existence of the new federal investigation . After all , the investigation was personally announced by the attorney general himself after the President publicly commented on the case . The grand jurors might reasonably wonder why the federal government would open a civil rights investigation at the very same time they are hearing evidence about Ferguson 's most famous homicide . Some might reasonably wonder : Is it possible that police Officer Darren Wilson was motivated by race hatred when he shot and killed Michael Brown ? Why would the feds be investigating if that were not the case ? Although grand jurors are instructed to avoid press coverage of the matters they are investigating , such an instruction is obviously difficult to enforce with the tsunami of demonstrations , press coverage and presidential pronouncements rolling through St. Louis County . The Department of Justice should not add to the potential of improperly influencing a sitting grand jury by stirring up additional pretrial publicity as Holder did last week . Notwithstanding the street conviction of Officer Darren Wilson by the "  Hands Up , Do n't Shoot " demonstrators and their allies in the press who appear to march in politically correct lockstep , a sworn grand jury is still evaluating evidence in the case . The federal government should not be playing to the press and the crowd while this sensitive homicide investigation proceeds . There is plenty of time to commence a federal civil rights investigation and lawsuit when the facts of this case have been sorted out by the citizens who have pledged to evaluate the case in a fair and impartial manner . By all accounts , the grand jury presentation is occurring as grand jury presentations normally do in matters of this kind . I see no evidence that there has been any delay or improprieties in the current local grand jury proceedings that would justify immediate federal intervention . The folly of Holder dispatching FBI agents to re-interview witnesses , many already interviewed by local law enforcement authorities , is apparent to any experienced criminal lawyer . Multiple witness statements  and in this case TV appearances  create a wealth of material for criminal defense attorneys to add to their cross-examination arsenal . Eyewitness testimony is often problematic in the best of cases . When even truthful witnesses make multiple statements about observations of a fast-moving event , there are often inconsistencies . Experienced prosecutors attempt to keep a tight rein on the statements of their key witnesses to avoid inconsistencies being used by defense attorneys to create reasonable doubt . The DOJ has blundered even further by conducting its own independent autopsy . In a case where forensic evidence relating to powder burns , angle of entry of the fatal bullets and other matters is of critical importance , the Department of Justice helps to build reasonable doubt by ensuring three separate autopsy reports will be available for defense attorneys to scrutinize for contradictions and the creation of reasonable doubt . Conflicting accounts of expert medical witnesses can be devastating to a prosecutor 's case . It is also highly unusual that the Department of Justice would seek to devote its enormous resources to the investigation of a tiny 50-person police force in charge of a city with a population of less than 21,000 . There have been small-town investigations in the past , but they often occur in highly unusual situations , such as the lawsuit brought against Colorado City , Arizona , a municipality alleged to be virtually owned and operated by Warren Jeffs , the leader of the polygamist cult FDLS who is serving a life sentence for sexually abusing children in his congregation . Such investigations are virtually never done while an active , sensitive homicide case is under local grand jury investigation . I would imagine there are far greater problems in places like Chicago , Philadelphia , Camden , New Orleans , Houston , Dallas , Cincinnati , Birmingham , Tallahassee and probably 100 other large American cities that should be commanding the attention of the Department of Justice rather than Ferguson . And if the pattern and practices of small-town Ferguson require the scrutiny of the Department of Justice , surely this can be done after the local authorities finish handling the most important matter facing the town , the Michael Brown shooting . If the evidence supports an indictment , the officer deserves to be indicted and brought to justice . On the other hand , if Wilson was under apparent attack and fired the fatal shots under the authority granted to police officers by Missouri law , he deserves to be cleared . Either way , the decision should be made on the basis of the evidence rather than political meddling by the Department of Justice . While it is encouraging to see the administration finally has a "  strategy " in place regarding the nation 's most highly publicized legal case , it might be better if it was one aimed at accomplishing justice rather than undermining it .	Paul Callan : Justice Department made a mistake with its new investigation of Ferguson police Callan : He says the probe is politically inspired and risks prejudicing the Michael Brown case Prosecutors and grand jury seeking to decide if criminal charges are warranted , he says Callan : Now is not the time to announce that Ferguson police are under federal investigation
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Violence killed hundreds of Iraqi civilians in August , authorities said Wednesday , a day after President Barack Obama marked the end of the U.S. combat mission in the country . The month 's toll included 295 civilians killed and 508 wounded , the Ministry of Interior said . Fifty-four Iraqi soldiers were killed and 150 more wounded in the same month . In July , the number of people killed in the nation 's violence was the highest since May 2008 . Nearly 400 civilians were killed in that month . The month of September started off with at least three attacks , authorities said . In one , a police officer who works for the Interior Ministry was killed when a bomb attached to his civilian car exploded Wednesday morning in northwestern Baghdad . In a separate attack in Tikrit on the same day , three police officers were wounded when a roadside bomb struck a police patrol . And one more officer was wounded when a roadside bomb exploded outside his house in Falluja , authorities said . The officer was heading to work when the bomb went off . The attacks came a day after Obama officially ended the U.S. combat role in the nation , saying "  It is time to turn the page . " While the U.S. will support Iraqi officials , it will refocus its energies on its economy and the war in Afghanistan , the president said Tuesday evening . "  The United States has paid a huge price to put the future of Iraq in the hands of its people , " Obama said in an address from the Oval Office . "  Through this remarkable chapter in the history of the United States and Iraq , we have met our responsibility . Now , it is time to turn the page . " The U.S. combat mission in Iraq ends more than seven years after the invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein . Roughly 50,000 U.S. troops will remain in Iraq until the end of 2011 to train , assist and advise Iraqi troops . If Iraq requests an extension and the U.S. agrees , some troops could remain beyond that . Obama praised American troops for their sacrifices in Iraq and said the country is in position to shape its own future . "  We have persevered because of a belief we share with the Iraqi people -- a belief that out of the ashes of war , a new beginning could be born in this cradle of civilization , " he said . Though attacks continue across Iraq and leaders are struggling to form a coalition government , Obama said violence is at its near lowest level since the war began . Overall , violence in Iraq has dropped drastically over the past two years compared with the height of the sectarian war in 2006 and 2007 . Before the speech , some Republicans urged Obama to acknowledge that the 2007 U.S. troop surge in Iraq ordered by then-President George W. Bush had worked . Obama , then a U.S. senator and candidate for president , had opposed it .	A series of bombings Wednesday target police officers The August toll includes 295 civilians killed In July , the number of people killed was the highest since May 2008 Obama on Tuesday officially ended the U.S. combat role in the nation
Washington  CNN  -- Thurgood Marshall , Hattie McDaniel , the Tuskegee Airmen and Walter Morris -- all African-Americans who made history breaking the color barrier . But while America 's first black Supreme Court justice , the first African-American Oscar winner and the U.S. military 's first African-American pilots are well known , you may never have heard of Walter Morris or his role in American history . The War Department , as the Defense Department used to be called , wanted it that way . In March , a ceremony at the Pentagon sought to undo that . When Walter Morris first joined the Army just before World War II , he was n't a "  black " or "  Negro " or "  African-American " soldier -- he was "  colored . " And he was treated like all the other "  colored " men who wanted to fight for their country . "  We were servants , we were not soldiers , " Morris said . "  Most of us had an inferiority complex and it was a result of what they had assigned us to do . " In the Deep South in the 1940s , racism was out in the open , including in the Army . "  You could walk down the street in the main post exchange area and in the summer the door would be open and you could look in and see white soldiers and prisoners of war from Germany sitting at the same table drinking , smoking , " Morris said . "  That in itself gave you this inferiority complex . You are in uniform and you could n't go in , but the prisoners could go in and have coffee and cigarettes . " But by the time he left the Army , Morris would become the first "  colored " man ever to earn the U.S. Army Airborne Parachutist Badge . It 's all because he wanted to overcome that "  inferiority complex . " Morris was the sergeant for a unit of black soldiers at Fort Benning , Georgia . That 's where the Army was training white soldiers to be Airborne parachutists . So after watching the white soldiers training , he would gather up black soldiers who had finished their jobs as cooks , guards or drivers , and they would duplicate the training the white trainees had just gone through . "  We went to the calisthenics field and we knew the routine because we had watched them . ... We started with the five-foot platform where they jumped into the pit , " Morris said . "  The most interesting thing of that was the replica of a C47 plane -- the body of it -- and the students went in there and sat down and they pretended to be paratroopers , " Morris said . While Morris was trying to build his men 's self-esteem , the War Department was quietly considering creating an all-black paratrooper unit . Morris soon found himself with a new job as the top noncommissioned officer for the new unit dedicated to training America 's first "  colored " parachutists , the 555th Parachute Infantry Company , or the Triple Nickle . They decided to spell it differently from "  nickel " to make sure people knew they were unique . The unit had plenty of doubters . "  They did n't think colored soldiers had the intestinal fortitude to jump out of a plane in flight , " Morris remembered . But the men proved the doubters wrong . Twenty soldiers started the training and on February 18 , 1944 , 17 soldiers graduated and earned the Parachutist Badge . As the unit 's first sergeant , Morris was the first man of the 555th to be pinned with the coveted "  wings . " "  That was the happiest day of my life , because now I was a combat paratrooper , " Morris said . But happiness was soon replaced by reality . D-Day was approaching and the Triple Nickle wanted badly to jump into Europe to fight the Nazis . But the white officers who supported the Triple Nickle could n't convince the generals in charge in the European theater to put the unit to use . "  The Army had no place for us , " Morris recalls . "  None of the commanding generals wanted the extra problem of integrating colored soldiers with the white soldiers , so they refused . " But soon the Japanese military created a need for the Triple Nickle 's special skills -- and this is why Walter Morris is not as well known as Thurgood Marshall or Hattie McDaniel . The only military attack to hit the U.S. mainland during World War II involved incendiary balloons . The Japanese released bomb-laden balloons into the winds that carried across the North Pacific towards the U.S. West Coast . The intent was to set fires in cities such as Seattle , Washington , or San Francisco , California . More often than not the balloons simply started huge forest fires . But the Japanese did n't know what the balloons were accomplishing . The War Department wanted the fires put out and wanted to make sure the news did n't get out . The U.S. Forest Service needed help putting the fires out . Morris and the members of the Triple Nickle packed up and flew west . Even they did n't know where they were going . "  It was a secret mission called Operation Firefly . We thought we were going overseas to -LSB- Gen. Douglas -RSB- MacArthur 's theater , " Morris said . It was n't until they arrived in Oregon that they learned they 'd be fighting the Japanese on the fire line in the Western United States . With some quick training , the Triple Nickle became the "  Smoke Jumpers " -- firefighters who parachuted into rugged mountain terrain with nothing but shovels , axes and basic supplies . Their mission meant they had to get the fire under control or out before they could return to base . After 1,200 jumps , the fire season and the war were over . But because Operation Firefly started out as a secret , the Triple Nickle 's contribution to protecting the home front and to history was all but lost . Now the Pentagon wants to change that , honoring the Triple Nickle . Of those first 17 graduates , three are still alive -- Walter Morris , Roger Walden and Clarence Beavers . They were the guests of honor at a ceremony recently at the Pentagon . They may not be as well known as other trailblazers in African-American history , but they were every bit the pioneers they trained to be .	Walter Morris joined Army just before World War II when segregation still ruled He became head of new African-American unit , the 555th Parachute Infantry Company 555th wound up fighting fires in Western U.S. in a mission that was kept secret Pentagon to honor their contributions in Thursday ceremony
CNN  -- Marion Stokes , a child of the Great Depression , spent her life saving everything -- literally . The Philadelphia resident kept everything from newspapers and electronics to empty cigarette packets and sticky-notes . Among the cardboard boxes and magazine stacks in her home were 140,000 cassette tapes containing recordings of all local and national TV news programs from every channel . Stokes spent 35 years recording the news 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . That amounts to 840,000 hours of videotaped news . With help from her family and a personal assistant , Stokes systematically recorded the news at her home until her death at age 83 in December 2012 . She left her collection of tapes -- her "  life 's work " -- to her only son , Michael Metelits . She gave him no specific instruction but told him that he could donate them to a charity of his choice . On Tuesday , Stokes ' cassette tapes will arrive at the Internet Archive , a nonprofit organization in California , after a cross-country journey in four large shipping containers . The organization will digitize all 140,000 tapes into a public , searchable online archive . The $ 2 million project will take about 20 digitizing machines , volunteers working around the clock , funding and several years to complete , Metelits said . Metelits said he always knew what his mother wanted to do with the tapes . He called his mother a private yet persistent woman who believed that if the public had access to good information , they would make good decisions . Stokes , a TV producer , librarian and political activist , took it upon herself to preserve hundreds of thousands of hours of televised news in hopes of one day making these tapes a repository of knowledge available to the public . Now , nearly one year after her death , Metelits is finishing what his mother started in 1977 when she bought her first videotape recorder . "  I feel confident that maintaining a family connection and supporting the archive to whatever degree we can and working with them , we 're helping preserve my mother 's legacy , " said Metelits , who temporarily moved back to Philadelphia from London before Stokes died . It took some time to decide on a home for his mother 's tapes , and Metelits worried the entire collection would be too big of a project for one organization . He was overjoyed when the Internet Archive 's director , Roger Macdonald , said the group would take them all . "  I almost teared up at how grateful I was . It 's just amazing that someone can use everything that my mother did , " Metelits said . For several years , Stokes and her husband traveled back and forth between houses in Philadelphia and Boston , until finally settling permanently in Philadelphia in the late 1980s . But this did n't prevent Stokes from recording the news ; in fact , it allowed her to document historical events like the Boston busing crisis . It 's this unique collection of local and national news that makes Stokes ' tapes so "  remarkable , " wrote Macdonald in a blog post for the Internet Archive . "  Her dream of using this collection for the public good can now be fulfilled , " Macdonald wrote . Macdonald could not be reached for additional comment .	Philadelphia woman started recording TV news onto cassette tapes in 1977 The collection -- 140,000 tapes in total -- will be digitized into an online , public library The Internet Archive will handle the project , which will take several years and $ 2 million
A distressed-looking woman sits on a bed in a dark hotel room . A caption reads , "  Do n't let a candy bar ruin your vacation . " Prominently on display at a busy Denver intersection , the billboard is a warning about the dangers of marijuana-infused edibles . "  With edibles , start low and go slow , " it reads . It 's part of a public education campaign launched Wednesday by the marijuana advocacy group , Marijuana Policy Project , urging adults to consume pot responsibly in states where marijuana is legal . The woman on the billboard , red-headed with her forehead in her palm , is an allusion to Maureen Dowd , a columnist for The New York Times who wrote in June that a "  bite or two " of a chocolate-caramel candy bar left her "  curled up in a hallucinatory state " for eight hours . "  The problem is that people have just never really been educated about the actual effects of marijuana and marijuana products . They 've simply been told to never use it and they are stupid if they do . And that 's not a very useful education , " said Mason Tvert , spokesman the Marijuana Policy Project . Serious concerns over marijuana edibles have surfaced since Colorado became the first state in the nation to legalize the sale of marijuana for recreational use . There have been at least two reported deaths following the consumption of marijuana-infused edibles . A 19-year-old foreign exchange student fell from a balcony and died after consuming a cannabis cookie in March . About a month later , a man allegedly shot and killed his wife while reportedly high on pot and other drugs . The victim told a 911 operator moments before the shooting that her husband was scaring her and their children after eating some marijuana-laced candy . Dowd described her own personal experience of eating too much of a marijuana-infused candy bar : "  I was thirsty but could n't move to get water . Or even turn off the lights . I was panting and paranoid , sure that when the room-service waiter knocked and I did n't answer , he 'd call the police and have me arrested for being unable to handle my candy . " The column gained national exposure , not all of it positive as many pot advocates and late-night hosts mocked the columnist . Her experience was the inspiration behind the new "  Consume Responsibly " billboard campaign , organizers say . "  Like most Americans , Ms. Dowd has probably seen countless silly anti-marijuana ads on TV , but she has never seen one that highlights the need to ` start low and go slow ' when choosing to consume marijuana edibles , " Tvert said . With edibles , it takes longer to feel the effects of THC , marijuana 's psychoactive ingredient , which can lead people to eat too much , then being hit hard by serious side effects that include delirium and psychosis . "  If you smoke  marijuana  it 's in your brain almost immediately . So , the effects start very rapidly . You can have an edible and not feel much right away . Up to an hour or two hours , three hours later you can start feeling the effects . It 's slower onset , and it lasts longer , " said Paula Riggs , director of the division of substance dependence at the University of Colorado School of Medicine . Colorado state regulators are looking into stricter requirements for marijuana edible manufacturers that include better labeling and limiting each package to a single dose , about 10 milligrams of THC . Currently , marijuana dispensaries are selling recreational pot products that contain up to 100 milligrams of THC in a single candy bar . Tvert said he hopes people see the billboard and take the time to really educate themselves about marijuana edibles . The billboard directs people to the campaign 's website , consumeresponsibly.org , which has information about marijuana laws , products and their effects , including negative effects like "  increased heart rate and a sense of paranoia . " Campaign organizers also plan to put out print and online ads , along with educational materials in marijuana dispensaries .	Marijuana Policy Project aims to educate people on the dangers of marijuana edibles NYT 's Maureen Dowd 's column on nightmarish experience with candy bar was inspiration There have been at least two reported deaths following the use of pot-infused edibles Pot 's effects take longer with edibles than smoking , leading some users to eat too much
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A senior official with Iran 's powerful Revolutionary Guard is calling for the prosecution of two key opposition leaders and a former president , accusing them of fanning the protests that have gripped the nation since its disputed presidential election two months ago . A top official in Iran wants to put former President Mohammad Khatami , left , and Mir Hossein Moussavi on trial . Opposition leaders Mir Hossein Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi , along with former reformist President Mohammad Khatami , should be tried for attempting to lead a Western-backed "  velvet revolution " that aimed to topple the regime , the official said . "  If Moussavi , Khatami ... and Karrubi are the main suspects believed to have been behind the velvet coup in Iran , which they are , we expect the judiciary to go after them , arrest them , put them on trial and punish them according to the law , " said Brigadier General Yadollah Javani . Javani heads the Guard 's political bureau . The Guard , which was initially created to protect the leaders of the revolution , is under the direct control of Iran 's supreme leader and enforces the governments ' Islamic codes and morality . His comments were reported Monday by the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . A day earlier , state-run Press TV reported that lawmakers were working on a complaint to present to the parliament 's National Security Commission to bring Moussavi to trial for fomenting the post-election unrest . Until now , the government has gone after the protesters themselves in mass trials that have been denounced internationally . Among those appearing in court are two French and British embassy employees and a French citizen . Iran says many of the defendants have confessed to helping foreign countries -- specifically Britain and the United States -- "  instigate the unrest . " Moussavi and Khatami have contended the detainees were forced into confessions through torture . Human rights organizations have also decried the mass trial , calling it a farce and a way to intimidate Iranians who speak out against the government . Moussavi and Karrubi ran in the presidential election on June 12 , in which hardline incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the overwhelming winner . Hundreds of thousands of Iranians took to the streets to protest , calling the election results fraudulent , and more than 1,000 people were arrested . Iran said at least 30 people were killed in post-election violence . The two opposition leaders unsuccessfully challenged the results for weeks , and Ahmadinejad was sworn in for his second term last week .	Brigadier General Yadollah Javani is a senior official in the Revolutionary Guard He wants to put opposition leaders Mir Hossein Moussavi , Mehdi Karrubi on trial Javani also wants to put former reformist President Mohammad Khatami on trial Until now , the government has gone after the protesters themselves
CNN  -- At least 83 people died in aerial bombing conducted by government forces in Aleppo , Syria , said the Local Coordination Committees , an opposition group . At least 27 children and eight women were among the dead , the group said ; it reported that 50 more people had sustained injuries in Sunday 's attacks . The United Nations Children 's Fund said in a statement that it was "  horrified " by reports that improvised bombs dropped from helicopters killed between 14 and 28 children . "  It is absolutely unacceptable for children to be targeted in this manner , whether through the use of indiscriminate weapons resulting in mass casualties or by any other means , " the statement said . Helicopters dropped barrel bombs on 12 neighborhoods in the city , where people have strongly backed rebels opposing the government of President Bashar al-Assad . The opposition organization says it is not the first time the Syrian regime has dropped barrels filled with explosives on Aleppo neighborhoods . The LCC said 135 people died overall in the conflict on Sunday . The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people have died since the Syrian conflict began in March 2011 . Hundreds of thousands of civilians have also been injured . It began when government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring movement , and slowly spiraled into civil war . More than 2.3 million people have fled Syria and another 4.25 million Syrians have become refugees within their country since the civil war began , according to an Amnesty International report released on Friday . Read more : Should the West assist the Syrian opposition ? Read more : Europe must do more to aid Syrian refugees , rights group says Read more : Syrian refugees face miserable winter in Lebanon CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report	NEW : UNICEF says it 's "  absolutely unacceptable " to target children Syrian government helicopters dropped barrel bombs , opposition group says The LCC said 135 people died in total in the conflict on Sunday U.N. estimates that more than 100,000 people have died since conflict began
CNN  -- Venezuelan state television has showed the skeletal remains of one of Hugo Chavez 's heroes as the country 's president called for an investigation into his death . Most historical accounts say tuberculosis killed Simon Bolivar , who died in 1830 at the age of 46 . But Chavez ordered investigators to exhume the body of the former military leader and determine whether he was murdered . "  Bolivar is alive . Let us not see him as a dead man and let us not see him as a skeleton . He is like lightning , like a sacred fire , " Chavez said . With the national anthem playing in the background , a group of scientists wearing white coats rolled up a black cloth , revealing a skeleton on the table below . The broadcast then faded to black , showing Chavez singing along to the national anthem . A DNA test will be performed on the remains as well as the clothing items found inside the tomb , Chavez said . He said on his Twitter page that he cried when he first saw Bolivar 's remains Thursday . Chavez has credited Bolivar with inspiring him as "  the father of the revolution . " In 1819 , Bolivar founded Gran Colombia , a federation of what is now Venezuela , Colombia , Panama and Ecuador . He led the armies that liberated Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Panama , Peru and Venezuela from the Spanish crown and is credited with spreading democratic principles in Latin America .	Venezuelan state television broadcast images of Simon Bolivar 's exhumed skeleton President Hugo Chavez suspects the former military leader was murdered Chavez has described Bolivar , who died in 1830 , as "  the father of the revolution " Bolivar is credited with liberating several Latin American nations
Texas Gov. Rick Perry , calling his indictment politically motivated , vowed Saturday to fight charges he abused his power by trying to pressure a district attorney to resign . "  This farce of a prosecution will be revealed for what it is , and those responsible will be held accountable , " Perry said at a news conference in Austin , the capital . A grand jury in Travis County indicted Perry , a Republican , on two felony counts stemming from his threat to veto funding for a statewide public integrity unit run by Travis Country District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg , a Democrat , unless she stepped down , according to the special prosecutor in the case , Michael McCrum . The case centers on Perry 's June 2013 veto of the $ 7.5 million budget for the unit run by Lehmberg , after she refused his demand to resign following her drunken driving arrest and conviction . Perry faces accusations of coercion of a public servant and abuse of his official capacity in connection with the threat and veto . Right to veto ? According to McCrum , the indictment alleges that the circumstances around Perry 's veto threat amounted to a misuse of state money earmarked by the Legislature to fund the public integrity unit in Travis County run by Lehmberg . The second charge alleges that he improperly used the veto threat to get her to resign following her arrest on a drunk driving charge . She stayed in office . But the governor said under the state constitution he has the discretionary right to veto items in the state budget . "  I exercised this discretion , " he said . Read the indictment  PDF Perry defended his actions , pointing to Lehmberg 's blood alcohol level at the time of her arrest in April 2013 and then her behavior during her arrest , which was captured on video and made public . "  Given that information and given that choice again , that is exactly what I would do again , " Perry said . The governor said the indictment amounted to nothing more than "  abuse of power . " "  We do n't settle political differences with indictments in this country , " Perry said . CNN affiliate KVUE reported that Perry will have to report to the Travis County Jail in Austin to be booked , fingerprinted and have his photo made for a mugshot . Political implications Perry can continue to serve as governor while under indictment , KVUE reported . His attorneys could seek to have the charges thrown out , a motion that would delay the case , at the very least . The charges have serious political implications , both in Texas and beyond . Perry is entering his final few months in office after a historic 14-year run in Austin . Perry 's presidential prospects could be damaged . It 's an open secret he 's laying groundwork for a second presidential campaign after his disastrous 2012 effort . The governor is scheduled to visit the early primary states of New Hampshire and South Carolina in the coming weeks to meet with Republican activists and legislators . He has positioned himself as an early conservative alternative to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , another GOP presidential contender . Perry attorney David L. Botsford on Friday called the indictment a violence of the separation of powers , saying it "  sets a dangerous precedent by allowing a grand jury to punish the exercise of a lawful and constitutional authority afforded to the Texas governor . " The special prosecutor , McCrum , told the San Antonio Express-News the claim the case was politically motivated was "  not only ridiculous , but it 's disappointing . " "  I think it 's important to note that while that may be good rhetoric for the state , there 's absolutely no basis for it , " he told the newspaper . "  My investigation not only did not involve that , but my conversations with Mr. Botsford have never involved that . It 's always been about the facts and the law . That 's what this case is all about -- the facts and the law , and nothing else . " Support for Perry Even so , a number of national political figures -- on both sides of the political line -- came to Perry 's defense . "  Unless he was demonstrably trying to scrap the ethics unit for other than his stated reason , Perry indictment seems pretty sketchy , " David Axelrod , President Barack Obama 's former top adviser , said in a post on Twitter . Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , a Republican , also took to Twitter on the issue : "  the indictment of @GovernorPerry seems politically motivated and ridiculous . Major overreach and an encroachment on his veto authority . " But the Texas Democratic Party called on Perry to resign , saying in a written statement that the governor "  brought dishonor to his office , his family and the state of Texas . "  We call on Governor Perry to immediately step down from office . Texans deserve real leadership and this is unbecoming of our governor . " Perry 's indictment is the first of a sitting governor in Texas on such charges since 1917 when , according to The Dallas Morning News , James "  Pa " Ferguson was indicted for vetoing funding for the University of Texas in an attempt to push out faculty and staff . He resigned . Opinion : The case against Perry	Gov. Rick Perry says the indictment is politically motivated and vows to fight it Perry lawyer calls indictments "  political abuse of the court system " Indictment by country grand jury in Texas stems from effort to remove local prosecutor Perry allegedly threatened to veto funding for a program run by the DA in Austin
CNN  -- Thomas Menino , who retired this year as the longest-serving mayor in Boston history , died Thursday morning after a battle with cancer , according to his spokeswoman , Dorothy Joyce . He was 71 . Menino , who presided over the city 's highly lauded urban renewal during his more than 20 years as mayor , announced in March 2013 that he would n't run for a sixth term -- a decision that followed weeks of hospitalization for a respiratory infection and other health problems . Two months after stepping down following the end of his final term in January , he announced that he was diagnosed with an advanced form of cancer that had spread to his liver and lymph nodes . 'Em bodiment of the city he loved and led ' "  Bold , big-hearted , and Boston strong , Tom was the embodiment of the city he loved and led for more than two decades , " President Barack Obama said in a statement . "  As Boston 's longest-serving mayor , Tom helped make his hometown the vibrant , welcoming , world-class place it is today . His legacy lives on in every neighborhood he helped revitalize , every school he helped turn around , and every community he helped make a safer , better place to live , " Obama said . Menino became Boston 's 53rd mayor in 1993 and served as a city council member before that . "  Somebody has to be in charge of the city , " Menino told CNN earlier this month . "  If you want to turn it over to all the bureaucrats , nothing would get done . Who should make the ultimate decision ? The mayor of Boston had to do that . That 's who I was for 20 years . I made sure that things got done . " ' A great loss ' to Boston Boston Cardinal-Archbishop Sean O'Malley called Menino a man "  who placed family , faith and public service above all else . " "  His passing is a great loss to the City of Boston , the Commonwealth , our country , and to his family , who were the center of his life , " O'Malley said . The archbishop said generations of Boston residents benefited from his "  care and concern . " "  Under Mayor Menino 's leadership , the City of Boston achieved world class status while he always remained keenly focused on the needs and concerns of the city 's neighborhoods and its people , " O'Malley said in a statement . ` Terrific mayor ' In a statement , former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Menino was "  a terrific mayor and a close partner . " In 2006 , Bloomberg said he and Menino formed Mayors Against Illegal Guns , a coalition that began as a meeting of 15 mayors and eventually grew to include more than 1,000 mayors from around the country . "  Whether it was tackling illegal guns or reviving neighborhoods , Tom was never afraid to take on tough issues , " Bloomberg said . "  He cared deeply about the people of Boston , and he was tireless in making his city a better place to live and work . " After the April 15 , 2013 , terror bombings at the Boston Marathon , which killed three people and wounded more than 260 , Menino was "  steady as always , showing the same determined leadership that made his career in public service one of Boston 's most important and most influential , " Bloomberg said . "  Nothing can defeat the heart of the city , " Menino said in the days after the bombings . "  Nothing . Nothing will take us down , because we take care of one another . Even with the smell of smoke in the air and blood on the streets , tears in our eyes , we triumphed over that hateful act . " New York Mayor Bill de Blasio , who grew up in Boston , called the former mayor a legend . "  It 's a striking fact that he was in office a very long period of time , maintained not only his popularity but his sense of connection to people at the neighborhood level , and did a lot to help that city become stronger , " de Blasio told reporters . "  There 's a lot that he did that helped make Boston a better place . " New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton , a Boston native , headed the Boston Police Department when Menino was on the city council . "  The Boston I knew in 1970 versus the Boston of today -- its transformation was miraculous , and Tom Menino , for 20-some-odd years , led that city , " he said . "  Tough guy , a really tough guy , and we butted heads on more than one occasion , but I was very saddened ... to hear of his passing . " Former presidential candidate and Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney wrote on Facebook , "  Our hearts are heavy today with the loss of Tom Menino . Boston 's giant passes on , but leaves behind a city grateful for his leadership and vision . " Cancer battle ` most profound challenge of his life ' In March , Menino disclosed his illness to the Boston Globe . At the time , the former mayor began a chemotherapy regimen at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute . He told the Globe that doctors ruled out surgery because he fell in the 3 % or 4 % of cancer patients whose cancer ca n't be traced to an origin point within the body . His battle with the disease , he said , was "  the most profound challenge of his life . " "  My attitude really is , we 'll get through it , " Menino told the paper . "  We got through the  illnesses in 2012  , we 'll get through this . I have great doctors and supportive friends . " "  What else can you do , " he said . "  What I do n't want is people feeling sorry for me . I do n't want sympathy . There are people worse off than me . It 's my biggest concern -- I do n't want to be treated any differently . " The diagnosis took him completely by surprise , Menino said , but he was no stranger to medical hardship . During his tenure , he was hospitalized numerous times : for kidney stones in 1995 and 1997 , for surgery to remove a tumor on his back in 2003 , and when he was diagnosed with Crohn 's disease in 2004 . In late 2012 , the mayor spent eight weeks in Boston hospitals after he fell ill on a European vacation . During his hospitalization , he was diagnosed with a respiratory infection , a blood clot , a cracked vertebra and Type 2 diabetes . Menino 's record fifth term ended early this year . "  The only reason I left it is because I had a schedule of about 18 hours a day , " he told CNN . "  I had the will . I did n't have the energy . " Menino and his wife , the former Angela Faletra , had two children , Susan Fenton and Thomas M. Menino Jr. . People we 've lost in 2014	Thomas Menino , 71 , dies after battling an advanced form of cancer He retired this year as the longest-serving mayor in Boston history Cardinal-Archbishop Sean O'Malley : Menino "  placed family , faith and public service above all "
CNN  -- House Speaker John Boehner and the President Barack Obama continue to play chicken . Boehner has indicated that unless the president sits down and negotiates some spending cuts or changes in the Affordable Care Act , there will be no budget or debt ceiling increase . President Barack Obama refuses to negotiate until after a "  clean " budget is passed by the House and there is an unconditional debt ceiling increase . Boehner complains that the president is willing to negotiate with Iran without any preconditions , why not the House Republicans ? The president responds by saying as a matter of principle he will not allow the House Republicans to hold as hostage the U.S. economy by using the budget and debt ceiling as leverage in negotiations . The president emphasizes that he is willing to negotiate , but first Congress must enact a budget and debt ceiling increase . Boehner responds by claiming that this is the same as offering to negotiate a cease-fire with Republicans only after they first surrender and lay down their arms . This is a costly and dangerous game . Each day there is no national budget many services are not available , parks and monuments remain closed , and thousands of federal employees are on furlough . A failure to raise the debt ceiling is much more serious . If the United State defaults on its debt risks , catastrophic effects on our economy would follow : It would jeopardize the government 's ability to borrow on favorable terms and would lead to higher interest rates ; it would disrupt international credit markets and might well plunge the United States into another recession . In my last book "  Bargaining with the Devil : When to Negotiate , When to Fight , " I address the question : When you are locked in the hardest sorts of conflicts -- those with an adversary whom you do n't trust , who has hurt you in the past and may hurt you in the future , whom you may even think is evil -- how do you decide whether to negotiate ? Some in my field claim you should always choose to negotiate . After all , you can only make peace with your enemies . Without sitting down and discussing things , how will you ever figure out whether there might be a solution that better serves your own interests than fighting it out ? Others , pointing to the Faustian legend , argue that you should never negotiate with the devil . To do so risks soiling your soul and giving up what is most important to you . I reject both categorical claims . The challenge is to make a wise decision in a particular context by carefully weighing the costs and benefits of alternative courses of action . Here , wisdom requires the president to negotiate , but to do so without sacrificing his most important interests . If the president persists in his refusal even to explore with Boehner what deals might be possible , Boehner may be the first to blink . That would be a clear victory for the president and a clear loss for the Republicans . But what if the speaker , no doubt fearful he will lose his job as speaker if he blinks , refuses to relent ? When our national economy falls over the proverbial cliff , the Republicans may be blamed more . But the president 's legacy will be seriously damaged as well . Both Boehner and the president should try to reach a deal that has face-saving elements for both , one that is not a clear loss for either . Better still would be a deal that might allow both to claim victory and be good for the country to boot . Such a deal is possible . It would involve two critical elements . 1 . The House and Senate should pass a "  clean " budget bill and a "  clean " debt extension -- i.e. , ones that do not themselves have provisions jeopardizing the Affordable Care Act or federal entitlements . 2 . As this legislation is being enacted , the president and speaker should jointly announce in a press conference the creation of a bipartisan commission that within six months will submit to both houses for an up or down vote a combination of tax and entitlement reforms that over the next eight years will address the long-term deficit problems . In other words the two elements should occur simultaneously . This arrangement would allow both Boehner and the president to declare victory . How can this happen ? The discussions leading to the deal must be kept private . Both leaders have constituents who would object to it , and who would claim their leader sold out for too little . Many Democrats oppose any entitlement reform . No doubt tea party Republicans will claim that Boehner would be giving up the leverage of the debt ceiling without any specific spending cuts being enacted . Making sure that House Majority Leader Eric Cantor supports the deal is important ; Boehner wants to keep his job . With Cantor 's support , Boehner can be confident that he will remain speaker . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Mnookin .	Robert Mnookin : Boehner , Obama in dangerous game of chicken over debt celing . To end it , Obama should negotiate , but not sacrifice his most important interests , he says He says a deal must save face . How ? Congress must pass "  clean " budget and debt bills Mnookin : At same time both should announce commission to take on entitlement reform
Rolling Stone  -- Ron Howard is one of Hollywood 's biggest directors , but lately he 's been delving outside of studio blockbusters to take on other kinds of projects . "  My kids are grown , and I feel that I can afford the time to just be a little , you know , a little more experimental , " he tells Rolling Stone . The 58-year-old recently trailed Jay-Z for an upcoming documentary he 's directing about the rapper 's role in the Budweiser Made in America Festival due out in 2013 ; he 's mentoring James Murphy on his first directorial project ; and he 'll soon return as the narrator of the upcoming season of "  Arrested Development . " Says Howard of the comedy series ' new season , "  It 's hilarious and it 's also really bold in terms of the approach to catching the audience up on the characters , and simultaneously sort of weaving their stories in and around a new set of predicaments . " So did you have fun hanging out with Jay-Z ? I really did . The whole thing was interesting for me . I 've never interviewed anybody , first of all . I 'm pretty good at the initial instincts , and the very first time that I met -LSB- Jay-Z -RSB- some months back , we met with him in his office and there was just something that I really respected about him . I think he 's pretty true to himself and pretty clear about what he thinks . Kind of the opposite of mercurial , I 'd say . I do n't know what the opposite of mercurial is , but he 's I think tremendously focused . I 've been around a lot of artists who are also good at business and ... one minute they 'll sound like an artist and the next minute they 'll sound like the characters in "  Mad Men . " Jay-Z 's a very good businessman and he talks about it and enjoys it , but he does n't shift . He has a sense of what he thinks people might appreciate , because he sort of trusts that if he appreciates it , there are people out there who will as well . And that 's what 's interesting to me : that he 's accomplished in those areas but I do n't hear that sort of cynical , world-weary quality . Jay-Z Gets Assist From Kanye at Made in America And when he 's onstage , the confidence he has with the microphone is pretty amazing . I got to watch in the pit , right on the edge on the stage . I understood something that I never even really had thought about before . He really communicates , whereas I think some of the other hip hop artists -- they were great performers and they were dynamic and charismatic -- but on a consistent basis , every idea seemed to be a communication . I always thought that about Sinatra . It 's a connection . It 's a story they 're telling you . And I was kind of knocked out by that . I 've never seen Eminem live , but in our movie , 8 Mile , I felt like that was happening . You interviewed Odd Future . What was that like ? I like their videos . I 'm laughing one minute , then my jaw drops the next . But I think they 're so wild and great and I really like them . -LSB- Tyler , the Creator -RSB- and I just started talking and he just kept looking at me kind of like squinting and saying , "  You 're sick . You 're sick . " -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I kind of knew it was a compliment , but I was joking later and said , "  I thought I looked fine ! " I was trying to describe them to somebody . It 's kind of like there 's the Marx Brothers and National Lampoon ... this group chaos thing . It 's pretty exciting to see that brand of anarchy and self expression adding up to so much . Jay-Z , actually , was really interested in them . He said to me that he , you know , Roc Nation , wanted to sign them and they went down the road discussing it , but ultimately Odd Future did n't want to be signed . They wanted to be self-reliant , self - contained . Were there any highlights from the festival ? I think getting to talk to D'Angelo . Photos : Live at Made in America 2012 That 's a very rare interview . Yeah , and I do n't think he 's done very many . I would n't characterize it as probing , but , because it was on the subject of the event , I was glad to be able to share with him what I was hearing from everybody -- which is that everyone was so impressed with his reemergence and a kind of new level of musicianship . I heard that from several people . And I passed that along to him , so more than sort of the interview I was glad to be able to communicate that to him , and he was , I think , flattered to hear that . But you know , he 's really focused and hard at it , and I think he 's really glad to be out there . It was also fun to see Run-DMC . I talked to them both and they barely rehearsed . I remembered that when Henry Winkler and I , four years ago , did this Funny or Die sketch for Obama . It was so funny , because I was wearing this hair piece , Henry was wearing kind of Fonzie wig and we fell into it and I swear to God , I honestly d  ja v " ` ed and thought I was back in the Arnold 's parking lot doing a scene . It was so easy . So when I saw those guys , they just nailed it . I just thought , "  Well , yeah , you know , sometimes when a thing becomes a part of a fabric of your life , your history , that does n't get so rusty . " When you were younger , because of Happy Days and American Graffiti , people associated you with music of the Fifties and early Sixties . What do you listen to ? I 've never been much of a consumer and we did n't listen to much music in the home except kind of at Christmas time , so it was all Bing -LSB- Crosby -RSB- and Nat King Cole and the Everly Brothers . But it never became a passion . I did n't really listen to music when I was doing homework or when I when I work on a script . I tend to drift to NPR and news . It 's interesting that you 're working with James Murphy , too . Oh , yeah . My kids are grown , and I feel that I can afford the time to just be a little , you know , a little more experimental about what I do with my time away from the movies and the TV shows , which are still my main drive . James Murphy just came through this project , Canon 's Imagination . This is year two of that , and last year we did it and my daughter Bryce directed the film , and people send in pictures targeting their own photographs for certain narrative categories . And then the public votes and they narrow it down to 10 , and last year I chose one from each category and handed it over to Bryce and she had to direct a movie . And it was successful . It was a great creative experiment . With James Murphy , we wanted somebody from the music world , and of course he 's so creative and visual and a really talented and intelligent guy . So I 'm actually dying to see what he does with this exercise . I think I 'm going to be inspired by him . Theoretically , I 'm supposed to be offering some guidance and support , but I think he 's one of the ones I 'm sort of most curious about seeing work with this whole program . Would you ever work with Jay-Z again ? I would do a documentary about Jay-Z . Yes , I would . I mean , that 's not what this is particularly , but he 's central to it . But if I had a chance and I thought I could do it justice , you know , I think he 's a great subject . He 's a great subject . Definitely . How is it going with "  Arrested Development " ? It 's going great . There 's a really good article that somebody did , an interview with Mitch Hurwitz . It 's pretty funny . It 's hilarious , and it 's also really bold in terms of the approach to catching the audience up on the characters and simultaneously sort of weaving their stories in and around a new set of predicaments that are , you know , a brand new sort of five-alarm fires or however many alarms , whatever the maximum number of alarms is . I should remember that from "  Backdraft , " but I do n't . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Ron Howard says the new season of "  Arrested Development " is "  hilarious and it 's also really bold " Howard : "  My kids are grown , and I feel that I can ... be a little ... more experimental about what I do " Jay-Z is "  pretty true to himself and pretty clear about what he thinks , " Howard said
CNN  -- Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has confirmed that Thierry Henry is on the verge of a return to the club on a two-month loan deal from MLS side New York Red Bulls . French striker Henry is Arsenal 's all-time top scorer with 226 goals for the club from 1999 to 2007 , before his move to Barcelona . And compatriot Wenger revealed on Friday that Henry , who was recently honored by the club with a statue outside their Emirates Stadium home , is poised to make a temporary return to fill in for strikers Gervinho and Marouane Chamakh , who will be leaving Arsenal in January to appear in the Africa Cup of Nations . Out with the old and in with the new in 2012 Wenger told the official Arsenal website : "  For two months it certainly will happen but we can not announce anything yet because all the paperwork is not done . "  To cover for two months is ideal , he has the experience and the quality . He knows the club and can help the players both on and off the pitch . " Wenger continued : "  Thierry has exceptional talent and is a very intelligent man , it can only be positive . " Henry has been training with Arsenal since the MLS season finished in November and Wenger added : "  He is very happy and very modest about it . "  It was my idea and he was happy with the idea . " The 34-year-old Henry , who is seen by supporters as a club legend after winning two titles and three FA Cup winners medals with Arsenal , could feature in seven English Premier League matches as well as the Champions League last 16 clash with AC Milan .	Thierry Henry is on the verge of a return to Arsenal in a two-month loan deal Arsene Wenger confirms terms for the temporary switch are nearly complete The 34-year-old New York Red Bulls striker is Arsenal 's record all-time scorer
CNN  It would be easy to laugh off Vin Diesel 's prediction that his film "  Furious 7 " will win an Oscar next year , but not for the reason you might think . After all , the actor was serious when he recently told Variety "  It will probably win best picture at the Oscars , unless the Oscars do n't want to be relevant ever . " But rather than ignore it because it 's a glossy , blockbuster action film , some might argue that the movie goes against type for Academy Award nominated films because the cast is so diverse . "  Furious 7 " hits theaters Friday , months after controversy was stirred about the lack of diversity at the Oscars . There were no actors of color nominated and no women in the directing category , which was dominated by white males . Mexican filmmaker Alejandro Gonzalez Iarritu went on to win best director for "  Birdman . " The lack of diversity was so glaring  even with the mostly black cast of the movie "  Selma , " which received a nomination for best picture  that it spurred the Twitter hashtag " #OscarsSoWhite . " In contrast , "  Furious 7 " could n't be more racially and ethnically inclusive . The cast includes Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson -- a Samoan/black man -- black actors Christopher "  Ludacris " Bridges and Tyrese Gibson , Hispanic performer Michelle Rodriguez , Thai martial artist Tony Jaa , Beninese expatriate Djimon Hounsou and the late Paul Walker , a blue-eyed , blond-haired California native . The filmmakers even went so far as to make sure casting directors in Abu Dhabi and Dubai , where key scenes were filmed , found diverse extras . "  We were mainly looking for the diverse look of the  United Arab Emirates  , " Miranda Davidson , owner of the casting company , told The National . "  They really wanted to make sure we reflected the international feel of the country . " Almost since the beginning , the "  Fast and Furious " films have had a diverse focus and appeal . The band of street racers , which encompassed white , black , Asian , Hispanic , male and female and bond as a family , has done well at the box office with each iteration . In 2011 , then Boston Globe film critic Wesley Morris wrote , "  Go on and laugh your Benetton , Kumbaya , Kashi , quinoa laugh , but it 's true : The most progressive force in Hollywood today is the ` Fast and Furious ' movies . " "  They 're loud , ludicrous , and visually incoherent , " he said . "  They 're also the last bunch of movies you 'd expect to see in the same sentence as ` incredibly important . ' But they are -- if only because they feature race as a fact of life as opposed to a social problem or an occasion for self-congratulation .  And this does n't even account for the gay tension between the male leads , and the occasional crypto-lesbian make-out .  " According to the Motion Picture Association of America 's 2014 Theatrical Market Statistics Report , while Hispanics make up 17 % of the U.S. population they account for 25 % of frequent moviegoers . Likewise , women make up 52 % of moviegoers . Entertainment Weekly points out that the film franchise is doing a much better job of reflecting its audience than others in Hollywood . "  Despite the films ' cumulative worldwide gross of almost $ 2.4 billion , their racial inclusiveness remains an outlier ; American movies are still overwhelmingly white , " EW 's Chris Lee writes . "  According to UCLA 's 2015 Hollywood Diversity Report , a mere 16.7 % of 2013 films starred minorities in lead roles . " At least one moviegoer tweeted that he appreciated the effort . Diesel told EW the franchise has come a long way from the original 2001 film , which featured segregated gangs of racers pitted against each other . "  It does n't matter what nationality you are , " the star said . "  As a member of the audience , you realize you can be a member of that ` family . ' That 's the beautiful thing about how the franchise has evolved . "	The film 's cast is diverse EW points out that Hollywood still needs to catch up One of the stars says the franchise has evolved
CNN  -- I first heard Jim Brady 's name as I was walking into my college cafeteria early one evening in 1981 . A somber radio voice announced the passing of Brady , the White House Press Secretary who had been shot along with President Ronald Reagan , not more than a couple of miles from campus . Thankfully , the report turned out to be wrong . Brady survived his wounds that day , although he was left with slurred speech , partial paralysis and difficulty walking . It was not the first , nor the last time Jim Brady 's strength and resilience was underestimated . Although I could not have predicted it at the time , it was not the last time I 'd hear about Jim Brady . James Brady , former Reagan press secretary , gun-control advocate , dies I 'd like to think Jim and I had a few things in common . We both worked our way up in the rough and tumble politics game . We both had a distant dream that someday we 'd get to work in the White House briefing room . Jim found his guy with the former governor of California . Mine was the governor from Arkansas . But I do n't look at Jim as a colleague or a fellow warrior who survived the verbal battle that is the White House briefing room . Jim is , and always will be , something bigger , something that transcends politics and Washington celebrity . I remember speaking to a group of young students one day in the briefing room . One of the kids asked me who my hero was . I do n't think anyone had ever asked me that before . But it did n't take long for me to tell them the heroic story of Jim Brady . I explained that Jim had something terrible happen to him . He was just doing his job one day , a job he loved , when everything he knew about his life and the world was turned upside down . Congress , finish the job on Brady background checks With great strength and perseverance , Jim survived a gunshot wound to his head . But that 's not what made him great . What made him a hero was what he did with his life from that day forward . Jim had every right to be bitter . He 'd worked all his life to get to the pinnacle of his profession . And before even getting settled into his fancy White House office , it was all taken away . His rehabilitation was beyond painful . That was nothing compared to the frustration of relearning the most basic things we all take for granted . While he did growl from time to time , the "  Bear " was never bitter . His reaction was just the opposite . He turned his own pain and tragedy into a positive , working every day to make the world a little better , a little safer for all of us . Jim became the lead campaigner for gun control in our country . If you 've been watching this debate at all in America , you know there is nothing tougher politically than getting sensible gun safety measures through our toxic political system . Many have talked about it , given speeches , run ads and used celebrity to highlight the issue . Working with leaders like President Bill Clinton and Sen. Chuck Schumer , Jim -- and his not-so-secret-weapon wife Sarah -- got it done . Pure and simple , he accomplished the politically impossible . The man who made people talk about guns That is why in 2000 , late in the administration , President Clinton decided to rename the briefing room in honor of James Brady . It was a small gesture , symbolic for most . But for the men and women who stand behind that podium it is very real . It reminds each of us that every time we step up to that microphone we should hold ourselves to the highest standard of all . The standard set by Jim Brady . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Ex-Clinton press secretary Joe Lockhart remembers James Brady , who died Monday at 73 Brady became an advocate for gun control after being shot with President Reagan The White House press briefing room was renamed for Brady in 2000 Lockhart : Pure and simple , Brady accomplished the politically impossible
Saudi Arabia 's Cabinet was reassured Monday about the condition of its crown prince , according to state-run media , amid mounting speculation about his health . Crown Prince Sultan bin Abdul Aziz Al-Saud is in Morocco recovering after medical treatment . The country 's second deputy prime minister , Prince Nayef bin Abdul Aziz Al-Saud , spoke to ministers about the condition of Crown Prince Sultan bin Abdul Aziz Al-Saud while leading a Cabinet session in Jeddah , according to the Saudi Press Agency . The crown prince has been convalescing at his residence in the Moroccan city of Agadir , where he arrived in May , after undergoing surgery and treatment in New York for an undisclosed illness . Speculation has mounted since he arrived in New York in February . The crown prince 's age has never been officially announced but most estimates put him in his 80s . Earlier this week , Saudi King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz , stopped in Agadir to visit the prince and check on his health . The Saudi Press Agency issued a statement during the king 's trip , saying he was "  reassured about the health of his brother the crown prince . " Though Saudi officials have maintained publicly that Sultan 's health has improved , the appointment in late March of a second deputy prime minister raised more questions . In April , King Abdullah named the interior minister , Prince Nayef -- the powerful brother of the crown prince and half-brother to the king -- to the post of second deputy prime minister . While many Saudis took the appointment to mean that Nayef is now the country 's crown prince in waiting and second in line to be king , others interpreted it as a simple administrative move , ensuring leadership at home if Abdullah and Sultan are abroad at the same time .	Crown prince recovering after treatment in New York for an undisclosed illness Crown Prince Sultan bin Abdul Aziz Al-Saud believed to be in his 80s Has been convalescing at his residence in the Moroccan city of Agadir Saudi officials have maintained publicly that Sultan 's health has improved
CNN  -- A 10-year-old Afghan girl alleges that she was pressured to carry out a would-be suicide bombing on a border police station in the southern Helmand province , officials said . There were conflicting reports about how the plot was foiled , but the fact that a young girl was caught up in the middle of it was shocking enough for President Hamid Karzai to quickly condemn the alleged attackers . "  Children are the future-makers of the country . They should be taken care of , and education opportunities should be provided for them , " he said in a statement . "  They should n't be used as a tool for suicide attacks . " Afghan and foreign forces have arrested many would-be suicide bomber children . Last year , Afghan police intercepted 41 children whom insurgents were planning to use as suicide bombers . They were between 6 and 11 years old . According to Karzai , the girl , known only as Spozhmai , was forced to attempt the suicide attack and is now under the government 's protection . The girl 's brother , Zahir , is known locally as Hameed Sahib and is a local Taliban commander , the country 's Interior Ministry said . The girl spoke with police and reporters , giving slightly different versions of what the alleged attack plans entailed . On Tuesday , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry provided what he said was the definitive version , based on the investigation . Spozhmai 's brother and a friend forced her to attempt a suicide attack on the police station , spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said . They took her to a river near the police station and gave her a suicide vest and second pair of clothes to change into once she crossed , Sediqqi said . Her instructions were to cross the river , spend the night in an abandoned house and approach the police station in the morning as the officers prepared for their daily patrols , the Interior Ministry spokesman said . Upon entering the water , however , Spozhmai felt cold and started screaming , Sediqqi said . Police officers heard the screams and ran to the river , he said . At the sight of the police , the brother took the suicide vest and fled , he said . The officers took the girl to their station , where she opened up with her story , Sediqqi said . When taken into custody , the girl was not wearing explosives , Umar Zwak , the spokesman for the governor of Helmand province , said after reviewing the initial investigation report . Karzai said he ordered the Interior Ministry to eventually give Spozhmai back to her parents after getting assurances from them that the girl will be able to continue her family life like other children . New terror weapon : Little girls ?	A 10-year-old says she was pressured into a suicide bomb plot She did not go through with it and surrendered to police Afghan and foreign forces have arrested many would-be suicide bomber children The country 's President condemns the Taliban
CNN  -- The Royal Dutch Air Force scrambled fighter jets on Monday to intercept a cargo plane that entered Dutch airspace without proper clearance as world leaders gathered in the Netherlands for a nuclear security summit . The LAN Cargo Boeing 777 bound for Amsterdam from Miami "  was diverted away " from Dutch airspace due to restrictions around the summit in The Hague , Edmund Messchaert , spokesman for the Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice , told CNN . Messchaert said Dutch F16 fighters followed protocol and escorted the plane to Germany without incident . He said LAN Cargo apparently forgot to apply for permission to land or did n't know airspace restrictions were in place for the summit . A statement from the hauler , based in Chile , confirmed Flight UC 1503 was n't able to land in Amsterdam and was diverted to Frankfurt "  because of an error in the special classification of the flight . " The plane was later permitted to continue to Amsterdam , the airline said .	Cargo Boeing 777 entered Dutch airspace as world leaders gathered for summit Fighter jets escorted the cargo hauler to Germany without incident Plane was later cleared to continue to its original destination , Amsterdam
New York  CNN  -- An EMT worker who was involved in a controversial incident in which a pregnant woman died last year was shot and killed Sunday , New York police said . Authorities said they had no immediate link between the EMT 's shooting and the widely publicized case last year but that would be an aspect of their investigation . "  That part of the case will be investigated by NYPD . We will be in touch with Manhattan detectives who will be investigating the murder  of the EMT  , " Brooklyn District Attorney spokesman Jerry Schmetterer . The case involving the EMT -- Jason Green -- and a pregnant woman occurred in Brooklyn last December 9 . The woman , Eutisha Rennix , was working as a waitress at a cafe when she collapsed . Rennix 's coworkers said Green and a fellow EMT were in the cafe when Rennix collapsed but the two EMTs reportedly told the co-workers to call 911 and left the cafe without aiding the stricken woman . Rennix later died at a hospital . A spokesman for the EMT and paramedics union said after the incident that Green and his colleague were medical dispatchers and that they did not work with patients . The spokesman added that Green 's colleague made a 911 emergency call herself in an effort to get help for the stricken woman . Following the incident , the fire department suspended the two EMTs without pay for but were reinstated shortly thereafter , EMT spokesman Robert Ungar said Sunday . "  He  Green  was an EMT with the emergency medical services bureau of the fire department for seven years . He was working as a dispatcher and was back on duty at the time of his death  Sunday  . At the time of the previous investigation , the law only provides for suspension of workers up to 30 days . " Ungar said . Green , 31 , was shot outside a downtown Manhattan nightclub at about 5 a.m. Sunday . Police said that Green was shot once in the face and was pronounced dead at a hospital . No arrests had been made as of Sunday afternoon , and NYPD homicide Detective Richard Tireli said that "  the investigation is ongoing . " Meanwhile Brooklyn authorities said Sunday their investigation into Rennix 's death was continuing . "  Our involvement is with the incident at the cafe and it 's currently still open . The investigation was if there was any criminality involved and if they have violated any criminal laws ... The case is nearing completion and every angle will be investigated . " Schmetterer of the Brooklyn district attorney 's office said .	EMT Jason Green was shot and killed early Sunday In December , Green and a fellow EMT were in a cafe when a pregnant woman collapsed They reportedly advised the woman 's co-workers to call 911 , then left Police say there 's no immediate link between the two incidents , but they will investigate
Sunset  -- Hawaii may seem a world away , but there are plenty of big waves , tiny bubbles and tiki-style spots closer to home . Here are some San Diego-based ways to catch the Hawaiian spirit . Paradise Point Resort and Spa is a waterfront oasis with a Balinese-style spa and five swimming pools . Make your own lei If a luau is on your tropical to-do list , the Catamaran Resort Hotel and Spa offers a demo and the materials to design a floral garland for the event . A needle and thread , a pile of seasonal flowers such as plumerias , orchids , mini carnations and tuberose , and the rest is up to you . The resort 's resident tropical macaw and cockatoo birds might make an appearance while you 're at work . Leis stay fragrant and can last more than a week if you refrigerate them and mist with water periodically . A sunset luau It 's TGIF , Hawaiian-style . The Catamaran Resort Hotel and Spa throws a Friday-night luau on the lawn by Mission Bay -- and that means hula dancers in grass skirts , fire knife dancing , pia coladas , tiki torches , a ceremonial roast pig on parade and Polynesian drumbeats from a live band . Dances and costumes come from different parts of Polynesia  Tahiti , Samoa and even New Zealand , as well as Hawaii  . It 's faux Hawaii , of course , but the festivities are enough to spark your island imagination . An ocean adventure Bright orange Garibaldi fish , leopard sharks , giant sea turtles , sea lions and seven sea caves to explore -- it 's not Kauai , it 's La Jolla Shores . The caves are just a half-mile from shore via kayak , and OEX Dive & Kayak Center offers two-hour tours that include guided trips inside the Clam -- one of just two caves you can enter  at high tide , you can go all the way through  . Sunset.com : Discover the West 's top 10 beaches August is a prime month to be out on the water with the warm temps and calm swells . About those silhouettes gliding underneath the boats : Hundreds  sometimes even thousands  of leopard sharks swim below the kayaks , and they 're most abundant in summer . Thankfully , leopard sharks have small teeth  they use suction to eat  . For the daring , snorkeling is another option . Sunset.com : Take the teens to Kauai Tiki-style Mister Tiki Mai Tai Lounge -- the name alone promises tropical cocktails and Polynesian kitsch . The giant tiki masks on the walls , tableside lava lamps and handblown glass blowfish on the ceilings add to the tropical flavor of this spot in downtown 's Gaslamp Quarter . The drinks are pure tiki -- try the lilikoi mojitos with white rum , passion fruit , fresh mint and lime , or a coconut kiss martini with coconut rum , pineapple and coconut cream  with an orchid floating on top  . The happy hour  5-7 p.m. ; $ 5  includes sushi rolls and pupus  Hawaiian appetizers  like shiitake-goat cheese wontons . Hang 10 Surfing is n't just the sport of beach bums . These days anyone can ride a wave , and La Jolla Shores Beach is great for beginners , with its sandy-bottom shoreline and small waves . Surf Diva , a surf school started by twin-sister surfers in 1996 , gives private or group surf lessons  wetsuit and board included  . Lessons start on the sand , where you 'll learn how to paddle , pop up and master the surf stance before you hit the water . Sunset.com : Blue Hawaii 48 hours of aloha in San Diego Friday : Two tropical-themed spots to stay are Paradise Point Resort & Spa , a waterfront oasis with a Balinese-style spa and five swimming pools  from $ 259  , or the Catamaran Resort Hotel and Spa  from $ 249  with koi ponds , gardens , and a beach on Mission Bay . Hit the Catamaran Resort first for lei-making  3:30 Fri through Sep 4 ; $ 10  , then stay for the weekly Friday-night luau with Hawaiian music , fire dancing , and hula  6 p.m. Fri through Sep 4 ; $ 35 , $ 15 ages 5 -- 12 ; nonguests $ 58 , $ 25 ages 5 -- 12  ; 3999 Mission Blvd. ; tickets at catamaranresort.com/luau  . Saturday : Kayak to see the La Jolla Caves with OEX Dive & Kayak Center  tours 11 , 1 , 3 ; from $ 40 ; 2158 Avenida de la Playa ; 858/454 -6195  . Have lunch at Aloha Sushi Lounge  $ $ ; 7731 Fay Ave. ; 858/551 -5000  . Drive to the nearby Pacific Beach neighborhood to Motu Hawaii  4150 Mission Blvd. , Ste. 115 ; 858/272 -6688  , where you can buy a fresh flower lei  from $ 10  . Just blocks away is the gargantuan Pangaea Outpost  909 Garnet Ave. ; 858/581 -0555  with more than 70 spaces , some selling tropical soaps or tiki partyware . It 's a 20-minute drive to the Gaslamp Quarter to dine at Mister Tiki Mai Tai Lounge  $ $ ; 801 Fifth Ave. ; 619/233 -1183  . Sunday : Take a private surfing lesson at the La Jolla Shores Beach with Surf Diva  $ 83 for 1-hour lesson ; reservations required  . Treat yourself to a pedicure in a private cabana at Spa Tiki day spa  from $ 50 ; 200 Harbor Dr. , Ste. 200 ; 619/231 -4363  downtown , then head to Buster 's Beach House & Longboard Bar  $ $ ; 807 W. Harbor Dr. ; 619/233 -4300  for a tropical drink and an order of Hawaiian pork luau . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2009 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	San Diego , California , has a variety of ways to catch the Hawaiian spirit Catamaran Resort Hotel throws a Friday-night luau by Mission Bay Try a guided kayak trip to explore the caves at La Jolla Shores
London  CNN  -- On the streets of London , something strange is afoot . Gone are the blank stares , business suits and gray skies -- in their place : Warm smiles , bright outfits and even the odd glimpse of sunshine . Olympic fever has transformed the city . Nowhere is this feeling more pronounced than at the Olympic Park , scene of some of home side Team GB 's biggest triumphs and source of the nation 's new-look cheery mood . A few short years ago , this corner of east London was a post-industrial wasteland , blighted by pollution and contaminated ground and scarred by decades of neglect . Now it 's a park , packed with wildflowers , public art and world-class sports facilities . And people . Lots of people . Walking to the site , thousands of face-painted , flag-waving , colorfully-dressed sports fans are met by an army of purple and red-clad volunteers dancing , joking and welcoming them . Inside , riverside walkways teeming with flowers , all the colors of the rainbow , lead visitors to the venues : the spiky Olympic Stadium , the sweeping Velodrome and the wave-like form of the Aquatics Center . Gritty East End is London 's gold standard Along the way , officially-sanctioned buskers and street entertainers are on hand to amuse the crowds , and music pumps from speakers -- though it ca n't drown out the cheers of fans inside the arenas . "  It 's just great -- what they 've done is fantastic : the venues are stunning and the landscaping looks great , " said Olympics visitor Bethan Slater . Londoner Slater said she had been lucky enough to see the park during its construction phase : "  The transformation from all the mud and machinery back then is amazing , " she told CNN . "  The atmosphere is lovely , really friendly and positive , and it feels so well run , everything is so convenient and easy , right down to the fact there were n't even any queues for the toilets . " It 's all a far cry from the gloomy pre-Games predictions : Transport chaos , ticketing debacles , security shambles -- and fears of impending sporting disaster . U.S. Presidential hopeful Mitt Romney earned the ire of UK Prime Minister David Cameron and London 's Mayor Boris Johnson when just days before the torch was lit , he sounded a note of caution , claiming problems in the run-up to the event had been "  disconcerting . " Lesson from history for Olympic missile row ? But former IOC Director Michael Payne said such pre-Olympic jitters were only to be expected , and were common in host countries prior to the opening ceremony . "  In many nations , in the two weeks before the Games , there 's a sense of paranoia , that it 's not going to work , we 're going to embarrass ourselves on the world stage , it 'll be a disaster , " he said . It 's a view echoed by Slater : "  I had so many problems getting tickets -- it was farcical -- so I was a bit down on the whole thing beforehand , but once I was there , I absolutely loved it . " Payne said such concerns were quickly forgotten once the Games began : "  It 's all paid off , and frankly has gone a lot smoother than they even dared hope . " One Scottish visitor to London said the Olympics were a welcome distraction from less positive national and international news . "  There 's a lot of negativity going on just now in the UK and worldwide , with the recession , but this has been phenomenal -- it 's brought everybody together , " he said . And while Brits are always happy to cheer on the plucky underdogs -- wherever they are from -- it is clear that Team GB has benefited from a huge home advantage . Orbit Tower : Olympic Park 's red ` roller coaster ' Gold medal-winning rower Pete Reed credited the support of the positive crowds with helping him and his fellow competitors make it to the podium in larger than expected numbers . "  Winning in London , doing it in front of a home crowd , was extraordinary , " he told CNN . "  I always thought it could be big , but I did n't imagine it would be this big -- we were lifted right up from the beginning . " Team GB 's medal gold rush has certainly helped the host nation 's mood , but so has the sense that the games have done Britain proud . For a few short weeks , the eyes of the world were on London and -- to everyone 's surprise -- it went well . The hard graft paid off , and the country can , albeit temporarily , cast off its carapace of cynicism , sit back and simply enjoy the moment . So , will this unexpected good mood last once the torch has been extinguished and the last Olympian has packed their bags and moved out of the village ? Will a renewed optimism be one of the legacies of London 2012 , alongside the green spaces , the arenas and the thirst for sporting success ? Slater is among those who hope the Games will have a lasting impact on the city and its people . "  The levels of happiness and optimism around at the moment may not last , " she admits . "  But I hope it will neutralize some of the cynicism around , and help people see what is possible when everyone pulls together . "	Olympic fever has transformed London into a sea of cheery smiles and bright outfits Security shambles and pre-Games predictions of transport chaos left Londoners worried Performance of home side Team GB has done host nation proud Hopes renewed optimism will be among the lasting legacies of London 2012
CNN  Cuba has freed all 53 political prisoners it had promised to release as part as an historic rapprochement with the United States , a U.S. official said Monday . The names of the prisoners were not given . The move comes as part of a deal announced December 17 to normalize relations between the United States and Cuba . Both nations have previously released political prisoners in a show of goodwill . American Alan Gross headed home on "  humanitarian " grounds from Cuba last month . In a separate swap , a U.S. intelligence source held for 20 years was released in exchange for three jailed Cuban spies . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf provided details about the timing of the releases on Monday . A small number of the 53 prisoners identified by the U.S. side were released in the summer and fall , she said . A few additional prisoners were released before December 17 . "  In the period since then ... the Cuban government has released all 53 persons whose names were shared by the U.S. government , " Harf told reporters . She added : "  We know there are going to be human rights concerns we still have when it comes to Cuba , but we are very pleased that they followed through on this commitment . " Her point was echoed by Erika Guevara Rosas , Americas director at Amnesty International , who commented on the releases last week . "  Prisoner releases will be no more than a smokescreen if they are not accompanied by expanded space for the free and peaceful expression of all opinions and other freedoms in Cuba , " she said . According to Amnesty , which cited the Cuban Commission for Human Rights and National Reconciliation , 8,899 short-term detentions were reported last year , compared with 6,424 in 2013 . "  The good will expressed by the Cuban authorities with this series of releases must absolutely translate into the implementation of a new human rights agenda . Respect for freedom of expression , assembly and association must be the next step if the Cuban authorities want to keep their credibility in the face of a world which is watching them , " the Americas director said .	The move comes as part of a deal to normalize relations between the United States and Cuba The names of the prisoners were not released
CNN  -- A 52-year-old California man has pleaded guilty to holding a female relative as a sex slave in his backyard shed for 14 years , beginning when she was barely a teenager , authorities said . Raul Ochoa of Richmond , California , would spend the next 22 years in prison under a plea deal in which the victim wo n't be compelled to testify at the sentencing hearing on February 11 , authorities said . Local media accounts are likening her case to Jaycee Dugard , also held captive in a California backyard structure . Dugard was held from age 11 to 29 and gave birth to two daughters , fathered by her captor , Phillip Garrido . He and wife Nancy were sentenced to long prison terms in 2011 . In the Richmond case , the victim escaped from captivity in 2012 with help from a relative , who brought her to police , Richmond Police Chief Chris Magnus said in a letter to the city council , confirming a local newspaper account this week of the crime . But authorities did n't publicize the incident until this week , after the newspaper account was published , the chief told the city council . "  I want to make you aware of a horrific case  initially dealt with in the summer of 2012  involving long-term sexual abuse of a developmentally-disabled individual by a very close family member that took place in our city , " the chief wrote in a Thursday e-mail to the council . "  Just to clarify -- we did not release any information up to this point about the case because the crime was perpetrated within the family by a very close family member , " Magnus wrote , putting the word "  within " in italics . "  There was no reason to believe there were any non-family members who had been victimized by the suspect . In addition , this victim is very fragile and we did want to jeopardize her welfare or the case in any way , " the chief wrote . The girl was taken captive in 1998 at age 13 , Deputy District Attorney Ryan Wagner told CNN . At the time , she was visiting Ochoa in his family 's home , according to CNN affiliate KGO and authorities . "  In that home , she was basically , through the use of emotional and psychological pressure as well as sexual abuse , forced to participate in horrific acts for an extended period of time , " Wagner said in a separate interview with KGO . Ochoa 's wife and children , who resided in the house , also lived in fear of Ochoa , authorities told KGO . Ochoa built a shed in his backyard where most of the sexual abuse occurred , but it has since been torn down , authorities told the news outlet . A photograph of the shed , released by authorities , shows a box-spring covered with plastic and supported by a metal frame . One wall is decorated with a floral-print fabric , but another wall appears to be covered with white tarp . A wood column supporting the roof is next to the bed , as is a simple wooden table . The girl was n't allowed to attend school , and as she became older , Ochoa taught her how to do landscaping work , an activity they shared , authorities told the affiliate . In August 2012 , the victim was then a 27-year-old woman , and after 14 years of captivity , she told others she wanted to escape . "  On the last day , she said or she indicated that she was going to use the restroom , and had a relative waiting down the street , " Wagner told the affiliate . "  And at the time when she went to the restroom , she went down the street to a vehicle that was waiting and was able to get to the Richmond Police Department . " Police Lt. Andre Hill said the victim appeared at the police department on August 16 , 2012 , "  and wanted to report sexual abuse . " "  She reported the abuse had been going on for some years , " Hill said , and the suspect "  threatened to harm her or her family if she ever reported this abuse . " Police arrested Ochoa after having the victim place a phone call to him , Hill said . "  With the assistance of the victim , they were able to get him to make some admissions to some of these crimes , " Hill said . The suspect was arrested a short time later and the case was then referred to the district attorney 's office , who took over the investigation , Hill said . One neighbor told KGO that she always sensed something was not right at the Ochoa house . "  She did n't go to school so she , I mean , they were always together , she never had any friends , " Ina Mason told the station . "  I think it 's appalling , " Mason added . "  You are supposed to be a Christian , but this is what you are doing to your child or whoever it is , even if it is not your child . I mean , you are doing this to a person ? No one has the right to do this to a person . " In his letter to the city council , the police chief said "  this case is a good reminder that human slavery still exists . " "  There are too many instances where terrible crimes can be perpetrated within families over long periods of time and victims , particularly more vulnerable individuals  such a developmentally disabled folks , young people , etc.  are unaware of how to get help or unable to do so , " the chief wrote . He credited Officer Mitch Peixoto and Detective Walt Nelson for playing "  critical " roles in solving the crime . "  Although I ca n't get into all the details , it would have been SO easy for them to have interacted with this victim and never figured out what was really going on , " the chief wrote . "  Their perceptiveness , empathy , and skills allowed us to save this young woman 's life and bring the perpetrator to justice  if justice can really ever be served on someone who has done such heinous acts  . " Ochoa , who pleaded guilty to one count of forced lewd acts on a child and two counts of forcible rape , is now being held on $ 30 million bond , according to a detention facility in Contra Costa County . Ochoa 's attorney did n't return phone messages this week . CNN 's Dan Simon contributed to this report .	Police did n't publicize crime until a local newspaper reported plea deal this week Man held "  developmentally-disabled " relative captive since she was 13 Raul Ochoa of Richmond , California , would spend 22 years in prison under plea deal The woman , who lived in a backyard shed , escaped in 2012 with help of a relative
