Los Angeles  CNN  -- Columbus Short 's wife swears the "  Scandal " actor threatened to kill her and himself with a knife last week . The allegation is part of Tanee Short 's affidavit filed Tuesday asking for a restraining order to keep her husband away from her and their 2-year-old daughter . She also filed for divorce after almost nine years of marriage , citing irreconcilable differences . A judge signed a temporary restraining order and set a hearing for May 6 to decide whether it would be extended . Columbus Short , 31 , plays Harrison Wright , a member of fixer Olivia Pope 's team , on the hit ABC series . In a statement Thursday to CNN , the actor said he would refrain from sharing his side of the story . "  As you all know , lately my personal life has been subjected to a lot of press . As much as I would like to provide my side of events , my counsel has instructed me that a Court of law is the only and proper venue to deal with such matters , " Short said in the statement . "  Accordingly , I must refrain from making any comments even though that is very difficult for me under the circumstances . Thank you to my fans for your continued support during this difficult time . " According to court filings , the actor has been to jail at least three times for violence in the past three months . Tanee Short 's sworn statement described an April 7 incident at the couple 's Los Angeles County home when her husband allegedly was intoxicated and threatened to hit her with a wine bottle after he "  dumped the wine on me . " He then "  grabbed a knife from the kitchen " and "  pinned me on the couch and began to choke me , " she said . "  He placed the knife close to my neck and threatened to kill me and then kill himself . " Her husband demanded they play "  a game he called ` Truth or Truth ' " in which he randomly listed "  names of people we know and accused me of having an affair . " He stabbed the couch or other furniture each time she denied an affair , she said . Tanee Short said she grabbed her daughter , ran to her car and drove away . She realized after driving two miles that one of her tires had been slashed , she said . The affidavit also described two alleged incidents of violence in February at the couple 's home . In each instance , Columbus Short was taken to jail by police who responded to his wife 's 911 call , the statement said . The actor woke his wife on the morning of February 3 and choked her before chasing her around the house and "  constantly threatening me , " she said . He "  pushed me and started screaming that I need to leave " during a February 18 argument , she said . She called police with her nanny 's cell phone after her husband shattered her phone , according to the sworn statement . Short was charged with felony battery after a fight in which he allegedly punched and knocked out a man at a West Los Angeles restaurant last month , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said in a statement . He was released from jail on $ 50,000 bail . HLN 's Selin Darkalstanian and CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I must refrain from making any comments , " Columbus Short tells CNN Tanee Short alleges three violent incidents with her husband in three months Columbus Short was arrested at his home twice in February , wife says A judge ordered the actor to stay away from his wife and home
New York  CNN  -- The Space Shuttle Enterprise made its final descent Wednesday , landing at its new home at New York City 's Intrepid Sea , Air and Space Museum . Though it never traveled into outer space , the Enterprise did make its way from a Smithsonian Institution museum near Washington , above the New York skyline mounted atop a 747 jumbo jet , and up the Hudson River by barge to the museum where it will be displayed for the public . On Wednesday , the shuttle was hoisted by crane and then lowered onto the flight deck of the Intrepid , the decommissioned U.S. aircraft carrier that has been transformed into a museum . Dragon returns to Earth after ` grand slam ' mission As the shuttle moved through the waterways of Lower Manhattan , it made an appearance near the Statue of Liberty . A wingtip of the shuttle was damaged slightly on Sunday during its transit from John F. Kennedy Airport to Weeks Marine in Jersey City , New Jersey , where it was held until Tuesday , according to a statement by Intrepid museum officials . It has since been repaired . The shuttle was on display at a Smithsonian Institution museum before being flown from Virginia 's Dulles International Airport on April 27 and making its final flight to New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport . Discovery -- the most traveled of the shuttles -- is replacing Enterprise in the Smithsonian facility . Completed in 1976 , Enterprise was designed as a prototype test vehicle . Test pilots demonstrated that it could fly and land in the atmosphere like airplanes , but the Enterprise never flew in space . The shuttle was originally to be named the Constitution , but a write-in campaign by fans of the television series "  Star Trek " persuaded officials to rename it in honor of the show 's main starship . NASA sent the shuttle on a tour of Europe and Canada in 1983 , and it appeared at the 1984 World 's Fair in New Orleans . The craft made a brief return to service as a ground test vehicle in 1984 before retiring to the Smithsonian 's collection in 1985 . NASA is preparing to fly Space Shuttle Endeavour to Los Angeles sometime in the second half of the year . The final remaining shuttle , Atlantis , is being readied for display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex in Florida . The other two shuttles in the NASA program , Challenger and Columbia , were destroyed in flight .	Space Shuttle Enterprise is hoisted by crane into its new home It will be on display at New York 's Intrepid Sea , Air and Space Museum The Enterprise was a training vehicle ; it never flew in space
Canada 's most valuable export ? Oil . Its most problematic ? Justin Bieber . You know it 's going to be a strange week when the hashtag #DeportBieber . is trending on Twitter . Guess what ? Nineteen-year-old singer and teen heartthrob Justin Bieber -- who was arrested this week in Miami Beach for street racing in a $ 250,000 Lamborghini while under the influence of alcohol and drugs , driving without a valid license , and resisting arrest -- is not a U.S. citizen . Rather , Bieber is a citizen of his native Canada . Lucky Canada . Bieber is in the United States on an O-1 work visa that was designed to retain foreigners with "  extraordinary ability in the sciences , arts , education , business or athletics . " What Bieber has is an extraordinary knack for getting into trouble . Far away from Miami , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department is investigating whether Bieber was involved in an egging of his neighbor 's home in a gated community in Calabasas , California . While other teenage celebrities might aspire to be crowned "  America 's sweetheart , " Bieber -- given his childish , narcissistic and self-destructive antics -- seems to be angling for a more dubious title : "  America 's brat . " Bieber is n't known for doing smart things , but the one smart thing that Team Bieber did is what the rich and spoiled often do when they land in jail in South Florida . Bieber 's manager hired Roy Black , the Miami-based celebrity defense lawyer who is as skilled in front of a television camera as in front of a jury . Black said this week that he hoped the case against Bieber would proceed "  as any other case would . " C'mon , Roy . Really ? If this case had proceeded like any other -- or at least , like many others -- your client might be in Calgary by now . The immigration enforcement apparatus does not look favorably upon non-U.S. citizen foreigners who commit crimes and get arrested . You can have a green card or a visa that allows you to live in the United States legally while you work or study , and you can still get deported if you get crossways with the law . Think of it this way : The U.S. government grants permission to some people to stay in this country , and it can revoke it , too . It happens every day , especially here in the Southwest and along the U.S.-Mexico border , for crimes ranging from shoplifting to drunk driving to selling ice cream without a permit . Americans either do n't hear about these cases , or they do n't care because the person being removed from the country is n't rich and famous . Of course , Bieber has n't been convicted of anything yet . In fact , according to published reports relying on a source close to the investigation , Bieber 's blood-alcohol level was below 0.08 % in two breath tests administered by authorities . The 0.08 % mark is the legal limit for most drivers in Florida . For drivers under 21 , the state has a lower threshold for proving one is intoxicated : 0.02 % . A source told CNN that Bieber blew .011 % and .014 % in the two Breathalyzer tests . However , police say Bieber admitted to them that he had been drinking , using marijuana and taking prescription pills . The point is that , in many cases , when dealing with foreigners who find themselves in police custody , we would n't even have gotten this far . Again , back in the real world of law enforcement , there are police stations -- for instance , in Southern California -- that allow federal immigration agents to sit at a desk in the squad room . And when a police officer walks in with a suspect in handcuffs who looks like he might just be undocumented  read : "  Mexican "  , the catch of the day gets passed on to the immigration agent before he is even fingerprinted . So there 's no record of the transaction . And if the agent determines that the person in custody is in the country illegally , he takes possession and immediately transports him to a nearby Border Patrol substation to begin deportation proceedings . It 's all very efficient , and journalists like me would n't even know it was happening if we did n't have helpful sources within police departments telling us that it 's happening . In Bieber 's case , he was not handed over to immigration agents and hustled out the back door of the police department to begin deportation proceedings . Instead , Bieber was released from jail after he made a brief appearance through a video link before a Miami judge , who set a "  standard " $ 2,500 bond . Bieber has an estimated net worth of about $ 130 million . I bet that , right about now , many of those Mexican immigrants who were deported because they came to the attention of local police officers for a burned-out taillight , or for not making a complete stop at an intersection , are wishing that they had been a rich , white kid with marginal music ability and too much money . If so , things might have gone differently for them . Meanwhile , Congress seems to be getting ready to debate how to fix the immigration system . The major question will be what to do with the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants living in the United States . But along the way , lawmakers must also revisit and revamp the unfair O-1 work visa program . There is enough favoritism in the immigration system as it is . If people come from certain countries or have certain skills , they 're more likely to get in . We do n't need more of that brand of preferential treatment for singers , actors or ice skaters . Just like we do n't need a certain Canadian import . If Bieber is convicted of the alleged crimes in South Florida , he should get what many other foreigners have already received for less serious infractions : a one-way ticket out of the country .	Justin Bieber was arrested for racing under the influence of drugs , alcohol Ruben Navarrette : Bieber has an extraordinary knack for getting into trouble He says Bieber 's star status does n't mean he should get special treatment Navarrette : If Bieber is convicted , he should get a one-way ticket out of U.S.
Washington  CNN  -- Computer technicians have recovered about 22 million Bush administration e-mails that the Bush White House had said were missing , two watchdog groups that sued over the documents announced Monday . The e-mails date from 2003 to 2005 , and had been "  mislabeled and effectively lost , " according to the National Security Archive , a research group based at George Washington University . But Melanie Sloan , executive director of the liberal-leaning Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , said it could be years before most of the e-mails are made public . "  The e-mails themselves are not what we 're getting , " Sloan said . Documents related to the handling of e-mail under the Bush administration and subsequent information regarding how White House e-mails are currently archived will be released under a settlement with the Obama administration , which inherited a lawsuit the groups filed in 2007 . But the National Archives must sort out which documents are covered by the Freedom of Information Act and which ones fall under the Presidential Records Act , which means they could be withheld for five to 10 years after the Bush administration left office in January , Sloan said . "  The National Archives will sort this out , " she said . The e-mail controversy dates back to the Bush administration 's 2006 firing of the top federal prosecutors in nine cities . After congressional committees demanded the administration produce documents related to the firings , the White House said millions of e-mails might have been lost from its servers . Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington and the National Security Archive sued over the issue in 2007 , arguing the Bush administration violated federal laws that require presidential records to be preserved . Court records have shown that the Bush administration knew about the e-mail problems as far back as 2005 and did nothing to fix them , Sloan said . "  They never made an effort to restore them , " she said . But Scott Stanzel , a former deputy press secretary in the Bush White House , said the group "  has consistently tried to create a spooky conspiracy out of standard IT issues . " "  We always indicated that there is an e-mail archiving system and a disaster recovery system , " Stanzel said . "  We also indicated that e-mails not properly archived could be found on disaster recovery tapes . There is a big , big difference between something not being properly archived and it being ` lost ' or ` missing , ' as CREW would say . " Monday 's settlement allows for 94 days of e-mail traffic , scattered between January 2003 to April 2005 , to be restored from backup tapes . Of those 94 days , 40 were picked by statistical sample ; another 21 days were suggested by the White House ; and the groups that filed suit picked 33 that seemed "  historically significant , " from the months before the invasion of Iraq to the period when the firings of U.S. attorneys were being planned . Also requested were several days surrounding the announcement that a criminal investigation was under way into the disclosure of then-CIA agent Valerie Plame Wilson 's identity . That investigation led to the conviction of White House aide I. Lewis "  Scooter " Libby on charges of perjury , obstruction of justice and lying to federal agents investigating the leak . Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington represented Wilson and her husband , former U.S. Ambassador Joseph Wilson , in a lawsuit over her exposure , which they argued was in retaliation for his accusation that the Bush administration over-hyped the intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq . A federal judge dismissed the case on procedural grounds in 2007 , but Sloan said the missing e-mails raise the "  strong possibility " that special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald never received all the documents he requested during the leak investigation .	White House had said that about 22 million Bush administration e-mails were missing E-mails involve Bush administration 's 2006 firing of top federal prosecutors White House said during congressional hearings they might have been lost Suing watchdog groups will settle lawsuit with the Obama administration
Oscar Pistorius is depressed , suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder , and is a suicide risk , the doctors who spent a month evaluating his mental health concluded . But he does not appear to have a history of abnormal aggression or psychopathic tendencies linked to "  rage-type murders in intimate relations , " they found . The conclusions , read at the athlete 's murder trial on Wednesday , are a "  slam-dunk for the defense , " CNN legal expert Kelly Phelps said . The double amputee sprinter is on trial for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in his home last year . He admits killing her but says he mistook her for a burglar and thought he was defending himself . The prosecution says the two had an argument and he killed her intentionally . The psychiatric report seemed to suggest that Pistorius 's version of events was plausible . "  When Mr. Pistorius 's appraisal of the situation is that he might be physically threatened , a fear response follows that might seem extraordinary when viewed from the perspective of a normal bodied person , but normal in the context of a disabled person with his history , " the doctors found . One of the questions Judge Thokozile Masipa must consider in determining her verdict is whether Pistorius behaved reasonably in the circumstances . Several witnesses have testified that Pistorius tends to arm himself and go towards danger , rather than away from it , when he thinks he is under threat . The track star 's specialist sports doctor testified Wednesday after defense lawyer Barry Roux read the mental health report . Wayne Derman said that Pistorius was "  hypervigilant . " Mentally sound The trial restarted Monday after a monthlong break when Pistorius was evaluated by mental health experts at the prosecution 's request . They found he was not mentally incapacitated when he shot and killed Steenkamp . An independent panel of doctors said that Pistorius was , at the time he shot Steenkamp , not mentally ill or incapacitated in any way that would make him "  criminally not responsible of the offenses charged . " The report added that "  Mr. Pistorius was capable of appreciating the wrongfulness of his act . " Had the doctors deemed Pistorius mentally incapacitated during the shooting , the trial would have immediately ended in a verdict of not guilty by reason of mental illness . Verdict At the trial 's conclusion , Judge Masipa will have to decide whether Pistorius genuinely made a mistake or killed Steenkamp intentionally . If she does not believe the athlete thought there was an intruder , she will find him guilty of murder and sentence him to a prison term ranging from 15 years to life . South Africa does not have the death penalty . If Masipa accepts that Pistorius did not know Steenkamp was the person he was shooting at , she could find him guilty of culpable homicide , a lesser charge than murder , or acquit him , according to CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps . A verdict of culpable homicide would leave the sentence at Masipa 's discretion . Read more : Judge sends Pistorius for psychiatric tests	Oscar Pistorius does not have signs associated with violence against partners , doctors find Pistorius is accused of deliberately shooting his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp He says he shot Steenkamp accidentally in his bathroom , mistaking her for an intruder
"  The sea , once it casts its spell , holds one in its net of wonder forever . " -- French explorer Jacques Cousteau It 's said that the ocean is like space : Vast and filled with life , most of which we have yet to discover . The aquatic frontier captivates those who dare to explore its depths , by offering a new realm filled with color and mystery . In 1968 , with the advent of color TV , French explorer Jacques Cousteau introduced viewers to the deep blue sea with his show , "  The Undersea World of Jacques Cousteau , " which used underwater cinematography to bring the beauty and wonder of the ocean to viewers around the globe . Fabien Cousteau spends 31 days under the sea Today , thanks to relatively inexpensive , yet highly sophisticated equipment and access to diving lessons , photographers are able to explore the ocean through their own lens . CNN invited enthusiasts to share their best underwater photos and the stories behind their explorations under the sea . Ready to dive into the world of underwater photography ? Explore the gallery above to view some of the best user-submitted photos and to find out how they captured these amazing underwater images . Do you have a passion for underwater photography ? Share your photos with iReport and you could be featured on CNN.com .	Underwater photographers are often SCUBA certified and experienced divers With a little patience and the right equipment , underwater photos can be captured anywhere Share your photos with CNN iReport and you could be featured on CNN
This summer 23 year-old Mohammed Assaf won the "  Arab Idol " singing competition and with his silky smooth vocals has united Arabs across the world . Now he 's on a nationwide tour in the U.S. and is set to pack theaters across the country . Before his Chicago concert last week he reflected on his incredible journey from Gaza to America . "  My story is about a person who came from a very humble place -- a place referred to as ` the camp ' in Gaza , " said Assaf . Assaf is a Palestinian , born in Libya . When he was five years old his family returned to Gaza to live in the Khan Younis refugee camp , where he and his six brothers and sisters call home . "  The camp is like a densely populated residential area . There 's only a meter or two between each house . With people this close together , conditions are difficult , " he said . "  Whether politically , because of the occupation , or economically , conditions are difficult . I ca n't even describe how difficult the conditions are -- and the poverty and unemployment of my society , " he said . Israel 's blockade on Gaza since 2007 has eased in recent years , but the border with Egypt remains the main route for Palestinians to travel in and out of the territory . "  Getting out of Gaza was difficult in terms of the border crossings , mainly because of the occupation , " he said . "  It took nearly a month to get to travel , I tried every method . " After finally making it across the border and the 250 miles to the Cairo hotel where the "  Arab Idol " auditions were taking place , Mohammed arrived to find the hotel doors had already been closed , and all contestants had been assigned numbers . He jumped a gate at the hotel , snuck in , and was given a number by fellow Palestinian contestant Ramadan Abu Nahli . "  I did n't have a choice . I said I will do anything to make sure I get to compete , " he said . He made it through the auditions and all the way to the finals . "  Until I got to the final ten , I really did n't think I would make it , " he said . In May , when he made it to the finals , his parents spoke to CNN by phone from Gaza . "  We are only refugees , " his father , Jabar Assaf , said . "  We only dreamed he would get to this point and show the world his beautiful voice . Now we want him to win . " "  I am very proud of him -- the fact that he 's Palestinian , he is popular , and he makes people happy , " his mother , UmShadi said . Backstage in Chicago At the Chicago performance , Assaf was the main and final act , following performances by fellow "  Arab Idol " finalists Ziad Khoury from Lebanon , and Farah Youssef from Syria . Before the show , fans flocked to have their photograph taken Assaf . While clearly the center of attention he remained soft-spoken and gracious with them all , whether they simply wanted to congratulate him or tell him how wonderful his smile is . "  The most beautiful thing is the love of the people . When you see that a lot of people see you as something , and encourage you , and they love you , you feel that they want to finish this journey with you that you 've been dreaming of , " Mohammed said . Assaf was aware that he would be one of the few Gazans the world would see who was not involved in politics , and not interested in taking sides . "  My life now is wonderful , " he said , "  but what I miss most is my family and friends . Where I am from people love each other , we are very close ... fame is nice , but when they get to be with me , it will be even more wonderful , " he said . Before it was time to go on stage he stood quietly out of the view of the crowd , smiling and looking at the floor as he waited for his introduction . When he heard his name , his eyes lit up , a megawatt smile spread across his face , and he took over the stage . An elderly woman in traditional Palestinian clothes was at the very front of the crowd , pressed up against the stage . She waved her arms feebly as he sang . "  Do you see this woman ? " one of the organizers of the event asked , pointing at her . "  She has never been to a concert in her life until now . "	Mohammed Assaf won 2013 Arab Idol show Now touring in the U.S. with other Arab Idol contestants Assaf is from Gaza and hopes he can inspire others
An estimated 6 million Jews died at the hands of the Nazis and their allies during the Holocaust . Hundreds of thousands more suffered , but somehow survived , in concentration camps . And some escaped , savoring freedom they otherwise never would have known . Then there 's Ernst Hess , who was a decorated World War I soldier , former judge and , despite being raised a Protestant and marrying someone of that faith , a "  full-blooded Jew " in the eyes of the Nazi regime . According to a groundbreaking report , Hess was granted a reprieve despite this designation thanks to none other than Adolf Hitler . Susanne Mauss , editor of the Jewish Voice from Germany newspaper , found the August 27 , 1940 , note from the Gestapo  the infamous Nazi secret police  that saved Hess -- albeit temporarily . The order was revoked the next year , and Hess spent years doing hard labor in Nazi concentration camps and work sites . Still , given Hitler and his colleagues ' extreme views and actions on Jews , even the temporary amnesty granted in the letter that Mauss unearthed in a file kept by the Gestapo in Dusseldorf about Hess is extraordinary . Swiss man reintroduces his cousin : Anne Frank Written by the notorious SS figure Heinrich Himmler , the note calls for saving and protecting Hess "  as per the Fuhrer 's wishes , " referring to Hitler , who had led Germany since 1933 . The letter , a copy of which is posted on the Jewish Voice from Germany 's website , also states that Hess should not be inconvenienced "  in any way whatsoever . " Hitler and Hess had crossed paths before , serving in the same infantry unit during World War I . In fact , for a short time Hess had been Hitler 's commander -- though the Jewish Voice from Germany said Hess , whose now 86-year-old daughter was interviewed for their story , did n't personally know Hitler and their fellow comrades described the future Nazi leader as quiet , with no friends in the regiment . But Hess himself was close to many of his fellow veterans , including Fritz Wiedemann , according to daughter Ursula Hess . And Wiedemann , who became a top aide to Hitler from 1934 to 1939 before becoming Germany 's consul in San Francisco through 1941 , helped connect Hess to Hans Heinrich Lammers , the head of the Reich Chancellery during Hitler 's reign . Hess , who was forced to retire as a judge in 1936 -- the same year he was beaten up by special police in front of his home -- had pleaded for leniency before . According to the Jewish Voice , he had petitioned Hitler to make an exception because his daughter Ursula would be considered a "  first-degree half-breed " under Nazi doctrine . Highlighting his patriotism and Christian upbringing , Hess wrote , "  For us , it is kind of spiritual death to now be branded as Jews and exposed to general attempt . " That appeal was denied , though the Hess family was able to move to a then German-speaking part of Italy for the next several years . In that time , Hess still got part of his military pension and his passport was n't stamped with a red J to brand him as Jewish , the Jewish Voice reported . But after a pact with Italy that ceded that area to the Nazi regime and the family 's attempts to flee to Switzerland and Brazil failed , they landed back in Germany in 1940 . Rareview : finding a place for Yiddish The reprieve , credited to the fuhrer , came in the summer of that year . But in 1941 , Hess submitted the letter of protection , only to have it swiped away . The special order revoked , he landed soon thereafter in a concentration camp , and then began working for a timber processing company helping build barracks for Nazi soldiers . "  The slave workers were forced to live outdoors and were treated terribly , and of course they were watched by members of the SS , " said Ursula Hess of her father , who besides being a soldier , judge and "  sportsman , " had once been a concert violinist . "  Had he not been as fit as he was , he would never have survived . " The name Hess is well established in German 20th-century history . A man also named Ernst Hess was one of Germany 's ace fighter pilots during World War I , before being killed in action . Rudolf Hess was once Hitler 's deputy , before flying to Scotland on an alleged peace mission in 1941 that instead ended with him becoming a prisoner of war . Ernst Hess , though , was a prisoner of a very different sort through the early 1940s when Nazi authorities deemed him "  a Jew like no other . " When the war ended and he gained his freedom , according to the Jewish Voice report , Hess was asked to become a judge yet again . He turned down the offer . A year later , Hess launched a new career and gained new prominence as a railway executive . By then , he 'd rejoined his wife and daughter . But not all his family : His sister Berta was killed in 1942 in the Auschwitz concentration camp .	The Jewish Voice from Germany newspaper unearths internal Nazi files on Ernst Hess Hess served in Hitler 's infantry unit in World War I but did n't know him , then was a judge A 1940 order saved Hess , despite his Jewish heritage , "  per the Fuhrer 's wishes " The order was revoked the next year , and Hess ended up in Nazi concentration camps
Paris  CNN  -- The French government backed off a claim that a certain type of silicone breast implant is linked to a rare form of cancer , but it will nonetheless pay for women to have them removed because of other risks . Women with implants by a company called Poly Implant Prosthese  PIP  will not be required to get them removed , but they will be offered surgery to do so if concerned , the French Health Ministry said Friday . The ministry says about 30,000 French women have PIP implants , which are not currently approved for use in the United States . According to a news release from the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons , PIP is now defunct . It says the company "  used non-medical grade silicone believed by the manufacturers to be made for mattresses . " The Ministry of Health turned to experts after the cancer fears arose and said that the feedback they received was that there is no increased cancer risk in women with PIP implants compared to other implants . However , the ministry said in a statement , there are other established risks such as ruptures . The French government agency that evaluates the safety of medical products says 523 women have had them removed since a defect was discovered last year . More than 1,000 implants have ruptured since then , the agency says . "  These experts said that there is no link between cancer and ... PIP implant breasts . However , since there is a lot of ruptures ,  concerns  are growing because the nature of the implant is no good , " said Jean Yves Grall , the country 's director of health . FranÃ § ois Godineau , director of social security , said it would cost the state up to 60 million euros  U.S. $ 73 million  if they paid for the removal of the PIP breast implants in France . Of the 30,000 women who have the implants , 80 % underwent the surgery for esthetic reasons , and 20 % did so for reconstructive reasons , such as after breast cancer . Under the state 's offer , the women with the implants will be offered to have the implants removed , but it will not pay for new implants for those who had the surgery for esthetic reasons . Others would have new implants paid for . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Experts alleviated cancer fears linked to a certain breast implant But the government will still offer to pay to remove them There are risks of rupture , the Health Ministry says The brand of implants was not sold in the U.S.
CNN  -- On a dark London day in late 2007 , just after a violent crackdown on the monk-led anti-government protests that became known as the Saffron Revolution , a prominent scholar told me that "  what Myanmar needs is ordinary people doing ordinary things . " Had he been able to foresee the cache and relevance of the term today , what he might have said is that Myanmar needs the rule of law . More than any other single aspect of society , the ability to do "  ordinary things " depends on the presence , awareness , acceptance and enforcement of just laws . Exactly five years on , and Myanmar has come a long way -- if not on the rule of law then at least on legal reform . More than 400 laws , old and new , from media and foreign investment to public gatherings , drugs and the environment have been drafted , amended or reviewed . The process and results are far from perfect : The authorities are still reluctant to consult civil society ; not all laws reach and reflect international human rights standards ; and certain critical areas have been neglected altogether . The Emergency Provisions Act , used for decades to suppress peaceful political dissent ; the Electronic Transactions Law , often employed against journalists and bloggers ; and the 1982 Citizenship Law , which renders the ethnic minority Rohingya population stateless -- also not an exhaustive listing -- need urgent attention . Yet a positive process is underway . Less talked about is the glass ceiling in Myanmar that is preventing legal reform from becoming full-fledged rule of law : endemic corruption . Last month , Transparency International ranked Myanmar the fifth-worst in  perception of  public sector corruption among 176 countries . The judgment is justified . As dozens of Myanmar nationals representing many segments and sectors of society told me recently , corruption often succeeds where law fails . Public doctors explained to me that while they are ethically  and legally  bound to afford themselves adequate time to give their patients an accurate diagnosis , there is far more money to be made by packing the daily patient list as tightly as possible and offering additional time later to those who can pay . Likewise , public teachers , many of whom teach less than required to the general class while offering the balance as "  advanced " instruction to students whose parents are able to pay . The legal profession seems no exception . In the words of one lawyer and reflective of many others , it is "  saturated " with corruption at every level . Lawyers are reduced to the role of "  brokers ; " disproportionate power rests with court clerks who decide for a price the who , what and when of cases ; and judges simply wait for an envelope containing either a verdict or cash . Several civil servants asked me in both confession and frustration why they should do their jobs for next to nothing when they can get more by doing it for people who pay them enough to actually make a living . And among the main reasons for the low morale in Myanmar 's armed forces is the near-impossibility of career advancement without bribes -- and a disparity in wealth between the soldiers and generals that far exceeds the difference in official pay . The recent and ongoing human rights and humanitarian crisis in Rakhine State is likewise more than just a matter of law . Restrictions on the movement , marriage , employment , health care and education of ethnic minority Rohingyas not only constitute violations of their fundamental rights and freedoms but , for the local and border authorities , are lucrative as well . Any restriction can be lowered or lessened for the right price . Indeed , as many Burmese went to pains to remind me , if "  ordinary things " are generally associated with the corruption of those in authority , "  ordinary people " include those who agree to pay the bribes , not complain , even looking for their own opportunities to exchange give for take . Corruption , like clapping , requires two hands to produce the desired result . Legal reform itself has a role to play in breaking through the glass ceiling of corruption toward achieving the rule of law . While last week Myanmar took a notable step in that direction by finally ratifying the U.N. Convention against Corruption , it has not revised its 65-year-old domestic legislation on corruption . It should do so urgently , and as with other laws that obtain international standards , enforce it strictly . December 9 each year is International Anti-Corruption Day . The next day is International Human Rights Day , a coincidence on the calendar , but deeply connected to corruption . Greater promotion and protection of economic , social , and cultural rights in Myanmar would level a heavy blow to corruption via more and better jobs , increased awareness and education , higher salaries and greater public sector "  infrastructure " -- doctors and hospitals , teachers and schools , lawyers and courts . It is not by accident that the four nations whose public sectors were rated more corrupt than Myanmar 's are the Sudan , Afghanistan , North Korea and Somalia ; human rights violations , poverty , and corruption mutually enforce one another . Myanmar 's legal reform efforts over the past year have been extensive and should continue . But to go beyond the books and actually affect the human rights and economic development of Myanmar 's "  ordinary people , " corruption must be confronted head on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Benjamin Zawacki .	More than 400 laws , from media to foreign investment , have been drafted , amended or reviewed But not all laws reach , reflect international human rights standards , Zawacki says 1982 Citizenship Law still exists and renders the ethnic minority Rohingya population stateless Zawacki : Legal reform itself has a role to play in breaking through the glass ceiling of corruption
Kenner , Louisiana  CNN  -- A "  black rain " of drilling fluid and a roar of escaping gas erupted from the doomed Deepwater Horizon shortly before the explosion that sank the oil rig , the captain of a nearby ship testified Tuesday . Alwin Landry 's supply vessel Damon Bankston was alongside Deepwater Horizon at the time of the blast . Landry said the first sign of trouble was when drilling "  mud " -- a mixture used to pressurize and lubricate the drills -- began falling onto the stern of his ship . "  We essentially closed the wheelhouse doors . I went to the port side , and I looked out up at the derrick . That 's when I see the mud coming out of the top of the derrick , " Landry told investigators Tuesday . When he radioed the rig 's bridge , Landry said , its captain told him there were problems with the well and he should move his ship away . Seconds later , he said , he heard "  the percussion and the slight flash of green " of an explosion . Deepwater Horizon sank April 22 , two days after the explosion . The blast left 11 people aboard the rig presumed dead and uncorked a gusher of oil that has been spewing an estimated 210,000 gallons  5,000 barrels  of crude oil a day into the Gulf of Mexico . Landry 's testimony came on the first of two days of hearings by a joint Coast Guard-Interior Department panel . His ship picked up the rig 's survivors , and Landry said the rig 's captain , Curt Kutcha , told him he had tried to activate a "  kill switch " that would cut off the well before abandoning the structure . The crew did not know whether it was working when they fled the burning rig , Landry told investigators . The federal Minerals Management Service , the Interior Department agency that oversees offshore oil exploration , inspects drill rigs once a month , MMS inspector Eric Neal told the panel . Test results from the rig 's blowout preventer , a massive device meant to cut off the well in an emergency , and drilling mud weights are reviewed as part of that process , he said . Neal inspected the rig April 1 and found no violations , he testified . But he did not inspect the preventer 's emergency disconnect system , he said . The companies involved in the drilling process are blaming each other for the disaster . The chairman of well owner BP 's American subsidiary , Lamar McKay , told a U.S. Senate committee Tuesday that rig owner/operator Transocean was responsible for the rig 's operation and for testing its blowout preventer . But Transocean CEO Steven Newman told the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee that the well 's cementing , or the casing that holds the well in place , must have failed . BP , as the well 's owner , was responsible for designing the casing , while oilfield services contractor Halliburton performed the cementing . "  Without a failure of one of those elements , the explosion could not have occurred , " Newman said . And Halliburton 's chief safety and environmental officer , Tim Probert , told the committee that responsibility lay with either Transocean or BP . During the cementing of the well , Halliburton simply followed BP 's instructions , he said , and the blowout preventer was Transocean 's responsibility .	Alwin Landry 's supply vessel was alongside Deepwater Horizon at time of blast Landry said first sign of trouble was when drilling "  mud " began falling onto his ship Captain radioed rig 's bridge and was warned he should move his ship away Rig sank April 22 , two days after explosion ; 11 presumed dead ; oil still gushing into Gulf
CNN  -- President Barack Obama , a well-known basketball fan , will treat British Prime Minister David Cameron to a little March Madness Tuesday as the two head to Ohio to catch an NCAA men 's tournament basketball game . There will be two games tipping off the tournament in Dayton , Ohio , a swing state . During halftime of the first game , Western Kentucky versus Mississippi Valley State , the two leaders will conduct a joint interview . The leaders ' trip to the game comes as Obama launched his new tournament "  bracket challenge " on his campaign website . Obama is asking those who visit the website to predict who will win the college basketball championship and to compare their picks against his . "  It 's college basketball time again â $ " and as friends and co-workers gather around the water cooler to talk top seeds and Cinderellas , here 's your chance to fill out a bracket with the President himself , " the website says . The site promises to publish the names of anyone who does better than the president once the tournament is over . Obama has publicly picked brackets in years past , drawing heat from Republicans last year for appearing in an ESPN segment to unveil his picks in March 2011 . RNC spokeswoman Kirsten Kukowski said the White House should "  explain why filming an ESPN special on the NCAA tournament should be a priority on his public schedule . " Before revealing the picks , the president did urge viewers to go to usaid.gov to donate to charities that were assisting in the aftermath of the earthquake and tsunami that had devastated Japan that month . For the record , Obama picked Kansas , Duke , Ohio State , Pitt for his 2011 final four and chose Kansas to take the championship . It did n't . UConn won , beating Butler . It is unclear if Obama would reveal this year 's picks during his interview with Cameron on Tuesday . But Cameron 's visit will not be all fun and games . On Wednesday , the two leaders will be back in Washington conducting extensive meetings about a range of topics including Afghanistan and Syria , the White House said . "  There 's a strong working relationship and actually even a strong personal bond between Prime Minister Cameron and President Obama , " White House deputy press secretary Josh Earnest said last week . "  We maintain a special and a essential friendship and partnership with the government and people of the United Kingdom . The United Kingdom is our NATO ally and our closest partner in the world . " On Tuesday , the two co-authored an op-ed piece in the Washington Post titled " An alliance the world can count on . " "  The alliance between the United States and Great Britain is a partnership of the heart , bound by the history , traditions and values we share . But what makes our relationship special â $ " a unique and essential asset â $ " is that we join hands across so many endeavors . Put simply , we count on each other and the world counts on our alliance , " the leaders said in the article .	There will be two games played in Ohio on Tuesday , tipping off the NCAA tournament The two leaders will conduct a joint interview at halftime of the first game Obama also launched an NCAA bracket challenge on his campaign website
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran announced Wednesday that it successfully tested another "  Sajil " missile , a surface-to-surface missile with a range that makes it capable of reaching parts of Europe . Image purportedly shows the test launch of Iran 's new Sajil surface-to-surface missile . A similar test was carried out in November . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said he understood Wednesday 's test of the missile , with an approximate range of 1,200 miles , was successful . State media reported that the missile , a Sajil-2 , was launched Wednesday morning from the northern Iranian city of Semnan and reached its target . The report did not say where it landed . The missile was test-fired successfully , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told a group of residents in Semnan province , state-run Islamic Republic News Agency reported . Ahmadinejad said the missile "  met the predetermined target , " according to the news agency . Gates said he could not confirm that it had hit the intended target . A White House official said the test is noteworthy . "  I think it is a significant technical development , " said Gary Samore , special assistant to the president on nonproliferation , in a Washington speech Wednesday . "  Of course , this is just a test , and obviously there is much work to be done before it can be built and deployed . But I see it as a significant step forward in terms of Iran 's capacity to deliver weapons , " Samore said . "  And I think it actually helps us in terms of making a case to countries like Russia , which were skeptical in the past whether Iran actually poses a threat . This is a very clear demonstration that Iran is moving in the direction of longer-range missiles . " An Israeli official , meanwhile , said the test should be more of a concern to Europe than to Israel , since previous missiles tested by Iran could already reach the Jewish state . "  If anyone had any doubt , it is now clear that the Iranians are playing with fire , " Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon said Wednesday in an interview on Kol Israel Radio . "  We know that the Iranians are developing capabilities of thousands of kilometers , that could reach the coasts of the United States . " "  The Iranian clock is ticking fast and it must be stopped , " Ayalon said . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said President Obama "  expressed ... his great concern , his continued concern , about Iran 's pursuit of nuclear weapons capability and nuclear weapons technology . " The Sajil is a new generation of surface-to-surface Iranian-made missiles that "  demonstrates a significant leap in Iran 's missile capabilities , " Uzi Rubin , the former director of Israel 's Ballistic Missile Defense Organization , told Jane 's Information Group after the November test . "  Regardless of the success of the test , this missile places Iran in the realm of multiple-stage missiles , which means that they are on the way to having intercontinental ballistic missile capabilities , " he said . Sajil missiles are powered by solid fuel , which uses smaller containers and helps the rockets travel longer distances , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told the semiofficial Fars News Agency . Iran says the missiles have a range of almost 2,000 kilometers  1,243 miles  . If that is true , the missile brings Moscow , Russia , Athens , Greece , and southern Italy within striking distance from Iran , according to Jane 's , which provides information on defense issues . Gates said the missile was probably "  on the low end of that range . " After the November launch , the United States restated its objection to such tests , saying they violate Iran 's obligations under United Nations Security Council resolutions . U.S. officials have cast doubt on the success of past missile test launches by Iran , including a rocket launch in August and a series of missile tests in July . Wednesday 's reported test comes after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met with U.S. officials in Washington to discuss how to deal with the potential of a nuclear-armed Iran . He met Tuesday with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and House Minority Leader John Boehner . Obama , who met with Netanyahu on Monday , stuck by his refusal to commit to an "  artificial deadline " for Iranian negotiations on its nuclear program . But he also warned that he would not allow such talks , which he expects to accelerate after the Iranian presidential election in June , to be used as an excuse for delay . He said the United States is not "  foreclosing a range of steps , including much stronger international sanctions , in assuring that Iran understands that we are serious . " Netanyahu wanted a time limit for negotiations relating to such ambitions , with the threat of military action if no resolution is reached . Asked if the missile launch will dampen Obama 's efforts to reach out diplomatically to Iran , Gibbs said , "  The president and the prime minister -LSB- Netanyahu -RSB- both agreed on Monday that engaging the people and the leaders of the Islamic Republic of Iran , something that has n't been tried for the past many years , is something that makes sense . " Both Israel and the United States believe that Iran is seeking nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear energy program ; Tehran denies the accusation . Israeli leaders have pointed to Ahmadinejad 's calls for the end of Israel as a Jewish state , and argue that quick action is needed . Netanyahu called Iran the biggest threat to peace in the region . "  If Iran were to acquire nuclear weapons , it could give a nuclear umbrella to terrorists , or worse , could actually give -LSB- them -RSB- nuclear weapons . And that would put us all in great peril , " he said . Obama is considered to have a more conciliatory approach to the Arab and Muslim world than Netanyahu . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr , Pam Benson , Charley Keyes and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Iran says it fired a Sajil missile , which uses solid fuel and travels long distances Missiles have range that can reach Russia , Greece and southern Italy , Iran says U.S. official : Iran looking to increase sophistication of its missile program Israel : "  It is now clear that the Iranians are playing with fire "
Flint , Michigan  CNN  -- A few weeks ago , Nicole Mansfield called her daughter in Flint , Michigan . She tried to calm Triana Jones down , but she had bad news . "  She said , ' I might not be home in a week , somebody stole my ID , ' " Jones recalled of the conversation almost a month ago . "  So she was n't able to come home . " This was n't a minor headache , part of the travail of international travel . Jones thought her mother could be in Syria , fighting alongside rebels in the country 's bloody civil war . Nicole Mansfield had converted to Islam several years ago , her daughter told CNN Friday . Jones wept as she and Gregory Mansfield -- her mother 's father -- talked to CNN about the horror they felt seeing images on the Internet this week of a dead woman they are convinced is Nicole Mansfield . Syrian state-run television aired a story saying that government forces had killed three Westerners . The video package shows a bullet-riddled car , weapons placed on the car hood , a computer , a hand-drawn map of a government military facility and a flag belonging to the al Qaeda-affiliated al-Nusra Front . The camera pans close to bodies arranged in a row , lying on the ground . Mansfield 's relatives told CNN they have no doubt she 's one of them . Though it 's unclear how the family knew to look on the Web to see the images , they say the FBI paid the Mansfield family a visit Thursday to ask them about reports that Mansfield was killed in Syria . "  The first time I saw those pictures I had to look again because I did n't even recognize her . I did n't believe it was my mom the first time I saw them , " Jones told CNN , choking back tears . "  And then I had to look again and I looked at her body and her feet and her hands and her nose and her mouth . And I knew it was her . " Jones added that she 's upset the pictures have gotten out , saying "  I should n't have to see my mother 's body like that all over the media and the Internet . " She 's also hurt by what people are saying about her mother -- like that she was a terrorist or a CIA agent . "  She was just an American woman who was misguided , " Jones said . " ... And it really makes me sick to my stomach that people post such horrible things . " After showing the bodies , the Syrian television story shows shots of IDs ; one of them appears to be Mansfield 's . Forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad killed three Westerners , an announcer says . The story also shows a picture of a British man . The UK Foreign Office confirmed Friday that a British national was killed in Syria and officials are trying to reach relatives . The United States is aware of the claim that an American woman was killed and is working through the Czech Republic mission in Syria to obtain more information , a State Department official told CNN on condition of anonymity . Citing concerns that the privacy of a family could be jeopardized , the official declined further comment . CNN asked Jones why her mother might have wanted to go to Syria . "  I know that she was talking to people online and that they told her about the project in Syria , " she answered . "  And that she was interested in going over there to help . But she did n't think it would be fighting . She told me there would n't be  guns  or anything . She would never be involved in that . " "  And they lied to her . They misled her and they took her and brought her over there , probably paid for her ticket and everything , and they kept her there . " CNN asked Jones if she could be more specific about what she meant by "  project . " "  That it was to help free the Syrians from the Syrian government and all the problems that they 're having over there , " she answered . Nicole 's father , Gregory Mansfield , contacted the FBI when his daughter left the United States three years ago , but he was not clear on where she went . CNN asked Gregory Mansfield why he thought his daughter going abroad was disturbing enough to warrant notifying the FBI . He refused to explain . He said his worries concerned "  Israel " and repeatedly insisted to CNN that the FBI should have revoked his daughter 's passport . Nicole 's grandmother , Carole , said she last saw her granddaughter in Michigan in January . Another relative recently got a call from Nicole Mansfield in which she said she was gone , but she 'd be back to the United States for a visit soon . Carole Mansfield and Monica Steelman , Nicole 's aunt , described Nicole as caring and outgoing , saying she 'd sometime travel without telling her family where she was heading . She had worked as a home care worker and had been married twice , including to a man who practiced Islam . "  Nicole was the type of person if she thought that something was wrong somewhere , that she could help repair it , " said her aunt . Her niece tried to be a "  problem solver , " she said . "  Trouble spots , " Carole Mansfield said , " ... fascinated her . " Raised Christian , she converted to Islam three to five years ago and used to worship at a mosque in Flint . Carole Mansfield said she spoke to her granddaughter after her conversion . "  At that time I told her that I thought she was looking a rattlesnake in the eyes , " the grandmother said . "  But that 's my belief . Not that I felt it made her a bad person . "	Daughter : Nicole Mansfield converted to Islam years ago , wanted to go to Syria Weeks ago daughter got call from mother saying someone in Syria had stolen her ID Family says Mansfield is the dead woman in images from Syria ; U.S. has n't confirmed
Researchers may be getting closer to an effective way of preventing age-related macular degeneration , one of the leading causes of vision loss among older Americans . A new study found that vitamins B6 , B12 and folic acid may help prevent age-related macular degeneration . A new study finds that women who took a combination of B6 and B12 vitamins along with a folic acid supplement had lower risks of developing age-related macular degeneration . The women who got the supplements , compared with those taking a placebo , had a 34 percent lower risk of developing any form of AMD , and a 41 percent lower risk of more severe forms of AMD . Epidemiologist and study author William G. Christen , Sc.D. , of Brigham and Women 's Hospital and Harvard Medical School , expects that if these findings are successfully replicated in future studies , "  the combination of these vitamins might become the first prevention method of early stages of age-related macular degeneration other than avoiding cigarette smoking . " Christen also noted that although the study was conducted among women age 40 and older , there is no particular reason to believe the same results would not hold true in a similar group of men . Christen and his colleagues examined the role of vitamins B6 and B12 and folic acid in AMD partly because previous studies have shown these vitamins are known to lower levels of homocysteine , an amino acid found in the blood that when elevated has been associated with higher risks of AMD . The 5,442 women who participated in the randomized , double-blind clinical trial already had heart disease or at least three risk factors for cardiovascular disease . The majority of them did not have AMD at the start of the study , which lasted more than 7 years . Christen explains that the underlying mechanism of AMD likely involves the vascular system , and researchers widely believe that cardiovascular disease and AMD share common risk factors . Age-related macular degeneration is a vision disease common among people older than 60 , involving the deterioration of tissues in the macula , the central part of the retina . The condition impedes the performance of critical everyday functions such as reading and driving because it affects the ability to see items that a person is looking at directly , as opposed to items even a few degrees off to either side of the direct line of vision . "  If you affect that central part of your vision , no one goes blind from it but it really interferes with your quality of life , " explains Dr. Roy Rubinfeld , ophthalmologist and spokesperson for the American Academy of Ophthalmology . There are two types of macular degeneration : wet and dry . Wet forms of AMD are caused by abnormal blood vessels growing beneath the macula , which can rupture and bleed . The dry form is generally caused by cells in the macula degenerating over time and thus losing function . While some treatments do exist for the wet form of the disease  including laser surgery , photodynamic therapy and injections into the eye  , there is currently not much in the way of treatments for the more common dry form . When asked if the study results mean that people at high risk for AMD should begin taking a vitamin supplement that provides vitamins B6 , B12 and folic acid , retina specialist Dr. Robert Frank of the American Academy of Ophthalmology suggests probably not yet . "  If you do anything , I would take a supplement of antioxidant vitamins containing high doses of vitamins A , E , C and zinc , " suggests Frank , who has no financial interest in the vitamin supplement industry . These antioxidant vitamins were found to prevent the progression of age-related macular degeneration in the 10-year Age-Related Eye Disease Study conducted by the National Eye Institute of the National Institutes of Health . However , Frank does say that while it still remains to be seen whether people currently taking a multivitamin containing the B vitamins and folic acid will be able to prevent early AMD from developing -- answers which will probably not be found for several years , after a large-scale clinical trial is begun -- there is little risk for most people in taking a daily multivitamin .	Study : B vitamins may help prevent age-related macular degeneration Women taking B6 , B12 , folic acid had 34 percent lower risk of getting AMD Study findings need to be replicated Only prevention now is avoiding smoking ; antioxidant vitamins prevent progression
CNN  -- Colombian and Mexican drug cartels have jumped the Atlantic Ocean and expanded into West Africa , working closely with local criminal gangs to carve out a staging area for an assault on the lucrative European market . Authorities destroy cannabis found in Ivory Coast . West Africa is appealing to drug traffickers from Latin America . The situation has gotten so out of hand that tiny Guinea-Bissau , the fifth-poorest nation in the world , is being called Africa 's first narco-state . Others talk about how Africa 's Gold Coast has become the Coke Coast . In all , officials say , at least nine top-tier Latin American drug cartels have established bases in 11 West African nations . "  The same organizations that we investigate in Central and South America that are involved in drug activity toward the United States are engaged in this trafficking in Western Africa , " said Russell Benson , the Drug Enforcement Agency regional director for Europe and Africa . "  There 's not one country that has n't been touched to some extent . " The calculus is simple : bigger profits in Europe than in the United States , less law enforcement in West Africa than in Europe . The driving force is the booming European market for cocaine . "  The exponential rise in the number of consumers has made Europe the fastest-growing and most-profitable market in the world , " said Bruce Bagley , dean of the Graduate School of International Studies at the University of Miami . While the European market has been expanding , use in the United States has declined from its peak in the 1980s , the U.N. Office of Drugs and Crime said in its 2009 annual report , issued in July . "  Cocaine use prevalence in the USA is 50 percent lower than it was two decades ago , while Spain , Italy , Portugal , France and the United Kingdom have all seen cocaine use double or triple in recent years , " the U.N. report said . About 1,000 tons of pure cocaine are produced each year , nearly 60 percent of which evades law enforcement interception and makes it to market , the report said . That 's a wholesale global market of about $ 70 billion . Criminals traffic about 250 tons to Europe each year , though not all of it makes it there , the U.N. said . The European market totals about $ 11 billion . About 27 percent of the cocaine that entered Europe in 2006 came from Africa , the United Nations said . Huge profits make Europe particularly attractive . Two pounds of uncut cocaine can sell for $ 22,000 in the United States but for $ 45,000 in Europe , analyst Ashley-Louise Bybee wrote in a policy journal this year . The Justice Department said the price in Europe can be three times more than in the United States . "  It 's a significant market for them to exploit , " Benson said . A strong euro and weaker dollar also make Europe attractive to traffickers because of favorable exchange rates . There 's also the fact that the European Union recently issued a 500 euro note , currently equivalent to about $ 700 . The largest U.S. denomination in circulation is the $ 100 bill . Traffickers prefer the large euro notes because they are easier to carry in large quantities . For example , Benson said that $ 1 million in $ 100 bills weighs 22 pounds , while $ 1 million in 500 euro notes weighs 3.5 pounds . "  It 's a huge difference , " he said . Though Europe is highly attractive to traffickers , it can have tight , Western-style security . So the Colombian and Mexican cartels have discovered that it 's much easier to smuggle large loads into West Africa and then break that up into smaller shipments to the continent -- mostly Spain , the United Kingdom and France . West Africa is a smuggler 's dream , suffering from a combination of factors that make the area particularly vulnerable . It is among the poorest and least stable regions in the world . Governments are weak and ineffective and , as a top DEA chief testified to the U.S. Senate this summer , officials are often corrupt . Law enforcement also is largely riddled with corruption . Criminal gangs are rampant . Foot soldiers can be recruited from a large pool of poor and desperate youth . "  It 's a point of least resistance , " Benson said . West Africa refers to Benin , Burkina Faso , Cape Verde , Ivory Coast , Gambia , Ghana , Guinea , Guinea-Bissau , Liberia , Mali , Mauritania , Niger , Nigeria , Senegal , Sierra Leone and Togo . "  This area of the world is ripe , " Bagley said . "  There has been very little attention paid to it . The United States is loath to give aid to these countries because they are corrupt . " U.S. authorities find themselves at a great disadvantage fighting cartels that have much more money and guns . The DEA has four offices -- in Egypt , Ghana , Nigeria and South Africa -- to cover a continent that spans 11.7 million square miles and has nearly 1 billion people . "  It 's a big place , " Benson acknowledges , noting that there are 54 countries on the continent . Local police also are vastly outgunned . Guinea-Bissau offers an alarming example . "  The Judicial Police ... have 60 agents , one vehicle and often no fuel , " analyst Bybee wrote in a journal called New Voices in Public Policy , published by the George Mason University School of Public Policy . "  As a result , when culprits are apprehended , they are driven in a taxi to the police station . They just recently received six sets of handcuffs from the U.K. , which were badly needed . In the military , one rusty ship patrols the 350-kilometer  217-mile  coastline and 88 islands . " Even when criminals are caught , Bybee said , "  the near absence of a judicial system allows traffickers to operate unimpeded . " For example , she said , "  because the police are so impotent , the culprits are often held for just a few hours before senior military personnel suddenly attain extraordinary judicial powers to demand their release . " The few officials who stand up to the traffickers receive death threats or are killed . West Africa also is particularly attractive to traffickers because it is near "  the soft underbelly of Europe , " said retired four-star Army Gen. Barry McCaffrey , who was drug policy director for President Clinton . Geography plays another role because West Africa is fairly close to the three South American nations that produce nearly all of the world 's cocaine -- Colombia , Peru and Bolivia . Many of the shipments depart from Venezuela , which shares a 1,273-mile  2,050-kilometer  porous border with Colombia and is even closer to Africa . "  They go right dead-ass across the shortest route , " McCaffrey said . Most of the cocaine shipments cross the Atlantic in large "  mother ships " and then are off-loaded to small vessels near the coastline , the United Nations said . Small planes modified for overseas flight that can carry a 1-ton cargo also have been used . Most of those come from Venezuela , the United Nations reported . A report issued in July by the Government Accountability Office said traffickers use go-fast boats , fishing vessels and commercial shipping containers as the primary means of smuggling cocaine out of Venezuela . McCaffrey also noted the use of go-fast boats and special planes . DEA Assistant Administrator Thomas Harrigan testified before the Senate in June that authorities in Sierra Leone seized a cocaine shipment last year from a twin-engine aircraft marked with a Red Cross insignia . The flight originated in Venezuela , he said . The GAO report noted that "  U.S. government officials have observed an increase in suspicious air traffic originating in Venezuela . " In 2004 , the report said , authorities tracked 109 suspect flights out of Venezuela . In 2007 , officials tracked 178 suspicious flights . Then there 's the crime connection in West Africa . "  Colombian and Venezuelan traffickers are entrenched in West Africa and have cultivated long-standing relationships with African criminal networks to facilitate their activities in the region , " Harrigan told a Senate subcommittee on African affairs . "  These organizations do n't operate in a vacuum , " Benson said . "  They have to align themselves with West African criminal groups . " The cartels also have aligned themselves with terrorists , Harrigan said . "  The threat of narco-terrorism in Africa is a real concern , including the presence of international terrorist organizations operating or based in Africa , such as the regional threat presented by al Qaeda in the Lands of Maghreb , " he said , referring to al Qaeda activists in North Africa . "  In addition , DEA investigations have identified elements of Colombia 's Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia -LSB- FARC -RSB- as being involved in cocaine trafficking in West Africa . " Benson said the groups operating in Africa are "  primarily narcotics organizations " but acknowledged that the Marxist FARC guerrillas in Colombia are a force to be dealt with . The rebels have waged war on the Colombian government for more than 40 years . "  The profit potential is such that the FARC is one of the largest cocaine-trafficking operations globally and is also a terrorist organization , " he said . Bagley and McCaffrey see less evidence of terrorist connections with the traffickers in Africa , both using nearly identical language . "  I 'd be really skeptical of those kinds of assertions , " McCaffrey said . "  I 'm quite skeptical about linkages between cartels and terrorists , " Bagley said . "  The criminal groups seek profits . They 're not interested in taking over governments . " Still , Bagley said , traffickers and terrorists may use some of the same criminal networks . Analysts note that the surge of cartel activity in West Africa is a fairly recent development . The U.N. report said it started around 2005 . Bybee places it around 2006 . McCaffrey , who was in the Clinton White House in the 1990s , said he saw the problem coming a long time ago . "  I 've been warning people in Europe and Latin America starting 10 years ago where this issue was going to move , " he said . "  The Europeans absolutely blew me off . " The U.N. report offers some hope , saying that cocaine seizures in Europe peaked in 2006 and topped out in West Africa in 2007 . Overall seizures have declined since 2006 , the report said . "  This trend appears to be continuing in 2009 and includes declines in the number and volume of seizures made in the region and in the number of air couriers coming from the region in Europe , " the report concluded . For example , authorities seized 11 large shipments in Africa in 2007 , four in 2008 and none so far this year . The report does not specify whether there are fewer shipments or smarter criminals avoiding detection . But if there is a decline , the DEA 's Benson said he has not seen it . "  In the last three or four years , it 's increased quite dramatically , " he said . "  The Colombian organizations have been active there longer than that . In the last two years , we 've also seen Mexican involvement in the area as well . "	Guinea-Bissau , fifth-poorest nation in the world , is called Africa 's first narco-state Officials : At least nine Latin American drug cartels have set up bases in West Africa West Africa has little law enforcement , making it easier for traffickers there More money can be made selling drugs to Europe than to the U.S. , officials say
CNN  -- The carnage began early in the afternoon on Saturday at Nairobi 's Westgate Shopping Mall , with gunshots shattering the calm of a popular weekend meeting spot where Kenyans and expatriates shop for groceries , grab a coffee or catch a movie . The ensuing hostage standoff left dozens of people dead and hundreds more wounded . Two days later , the Kenyan authorities claim to have regained control of the complex , but the stories of those who escaped paint a terrifying picture of how the attack unfolded : Ben Mulwa : Caught in parking lot It was about 12:50 p.m. when Ben Mulwa , a Nairobi County politician , and a friend pulled into the multilevel parking garage attached to the five-story mall . Mulwa , who was at Westgate for a lunch meeting at the Java House , was parking the car when he heard a gunshot , he told the NTV television channel . His first thought : It 's a robbery . Then came the rapid gunfire . He said he got out of the car and hid near the main entrance of the parking lot . That 's when he saw some of the attackers -- four men wearing checked head scarves and carrying "  very long rifles . " They did n't cover their faces , he said . He could hear them but could n't understand them . "  It sounded like a variation of Swahili , " he said . Then they turned their guns in Mulwa 's direction , taking aim at a security guard hiding near him . "  He was shot in the head , and he died instantly , " he said . Then they fired at him , aiming for his head . A bullet grazed him in the head , he said . He also suffered a gunshot wound to the leg . The gunmen then calmly turned and walked into the mall , Mulwa said . By all accounts , more gunmen were making their way into the mall through other entrances . Not seeing the attackers was part of the terror Bendita Malakia : Refuge in a store It was shortly after noon when Bendita Malakia of Elizabeth City , North Carolina , made her way into the mall to have lunch with a friend when the attack began , she told CNN affiliate WAVY via Skype . Malakia , who moved to Nairobi in July to work with a financial company , was in the middle of lunch on the mall 's terrace when the gunmen stormed the area , throwing what she believes were hand grenades and firing assault rifles . "  We stood up and started to turn , and we heard machine guns . Then , we started to run and there was a second explosion , which knocked us on the ground , " Malakia told WAVY . Malakia and her friend got up and ran to a store where dozens of people had taken refuge . Once inside , the store manager pulled down a metal gate at the store 's entrance to try to prevent the gunmen from coming in , she said . But it did n't block out the sounds of the gunmen . "  While we were back there , you could hear them methodically going from store to store , talking to people and asking questions , " Malakia said . "  They were shooting , screaming . Then it would stop for a while and they would go to another store . " Four hours later , Malakia and her friend were rescued by security forces . Malakia believes she was "  completely lucky " because she was on the ground floor when the assault began and where she was hiding was easily accessible to her rescuers . Al-Shabaab breaks new ground with complex Kenya attack Andrew McLaren : About to leave Kenya Andrew McLaren and his wife , Kathy , were at a coffee shop near the mall entrance of the Nakumatt Supermarket , one of Kenya 's biggest chain grocery stores , when the attack began , his mother told TVNZ . The couple , who had been in Kenya for work , were enjoying one of their last weekends in Nairobi before returning to their native New Zealand . The two dropped to the ground for cover , according to Elaine McLaren-Crawley , who recounted a conversation with her daughter-in-law . But the gunmen sprayed the cafe with gunfire . " ... Andrew was shot through the back as he and Kathy lay on the floor of the coffee house , " McLaren-Crawley said . It was n't immediately clear from the report how the McLarens escaped the mall . McLaren was listed in stable condition at the Aga Khan hospital , his mother said . Safety : Can the mall attack happen again ? Uche Kaigwa-Okoye : ` We were really scared ' Uche Kaigwa-Okoye was sipping coffee when he heard what first sounded like a fallen table , then the continuing rat-a-tat of gunfire . As the gunshots became louder , screaming crowds headed for the exits . He joined 20 people who took shelter for about five hours in a women 's bathroom cubicle . "  We were really scared , " he said . "  Every sound sounded scary . We could n't make out sounds , and they had grenades . It was really , really loud ... They must have passed our corridor several times . We heard gunshots down our corridor , " he told CNN . Some people ventured out but quickly returned , saying it was unsafe . Kaigwa-Okoye heard firing but then realized police had arrived on the floor where he was hiding in the restroom . They were firing tear gas . Officers told them to walk out single file and made them throw away their bags . Zulobia Kassam : ` Random shots from everywhere ' Zulobia Kassam had just finished a cup of coffee at a cafe when she made here way toward the mall entrance to the Nakumatt Supermarket to pick up a few items . "  We entered and the lights went off , " she said . She waited for the generator to kick in , but instead she heard gunshots and saw people running . "  We rushed to the back and hid ourselves , " Kassam told CNN . "  We heard random shots from everywhere -- upstairs , downstairs ... we even heard shots 30 feet from us , " she said . "  People were petrified , crying , praying , " she said . Kassam hid for more than two hours when a security person arrived and said it was safe to flee . She and others walked through a storage area . "  We saw lots of blood , sandals and shoes , " she said . She made it outside to the main road . And even at what seemed a safe distance , she again heard shooting in the distance . Al-Shabaab grew amid Somalia 's lawlessness Sara Head : ' I thought it was a car accident ' American Sara Head told CNN she had just parked after leaving a meeting a few blocks from the mall when she heard three shots . "  I thought actually , it was a car accident , I thought someone had been rear-ended . Then I saw people running and my colleague , who worked elsewhere , recognized the sound of gunshots and she yelled at me and we and other people in the parking garage began crawling underneath cars and behind cars and we heard more shots so we began running . " Head , her colleague and their driver followed several other people into the stairwell of the garage . "  We had gone down into the parking garage so I thought when I entered the stairwell that I would just go up one level and I would be able to exit -- and that was not the case , " she said . "  There were two people in the stairwell with me who were superficially wounded from gunshots . When we initially entered the stairwell we kept going up and then we heard shots above us so we ended up staying there for about an hour and a half . " The door to the supermarket then reopened , the lights came on and people began exiting , she said . "  I was very , very hesitant because there was no information to tell me that it was safe to exit . It was just that the people in front of me were exiting , Head said . "  I was sort of a sheep following everyone else in front of me and I was very eager of course to get outside and as far away from the situation as possible . " CNN security analyst : How Al-Shabaab picks its targets	Ben Mulwa saw four gunmen wearing checked head scarves open fire He says the faces of the gunmen were not covered Mulwa says he heard the gunmen , but could not understand them Bendita Malakia says she could hear gunmen going store to store
AMMAN , Jordan  CNN  -- In the sunbathed schoolyard of the Shmisani Institute for Girls in Amman , Jordan , principal Sanaa Abu Harb makes an announcement over the speaker system . Iraqi students at the Shmisani school in Amman gather around a teacher . One in 5 students there is Iraqi . "  All Iraqi girls come outside now . All Iraqi girls . Iraqi girls only ! " she repeats several times , making sure the message is clear and waving away Jordanian pupils attracted by the commotion . Dozens of girls in green apron-like uniforms pour out into the courtyard and cluster on the top level of a stone staircase overlooking a concrete playground . Harb wants the CNN crew to see how many Iraqi refugee girls her school is accommodating . This school year , she says , 145 students are Iraqi -- roughly 20 percent of the students at this state-funded institution -- with another 40 Iraqi children on a waiting list . Watch Iraqi girls describe a long way from home " The reason behind the jump in the number of Iraqis at the school is a new government policy : For the first time since the start of the Iraq war , Jordan is allowing all Iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools . Simply , this means that even illegal refugees with no paperwork can send their kids to school with no questions asked . The move is cementing a massive population shift in the Middle East . More than 2.2 million Iraqis have fled the violence in their homeland , most of them seeking refuge in neighboring Jordan and Syria , according to humanitarian officials . Jordanian Minister of Education Khalid Touqan says he expects Jordan to accommodate 40,000 to 50,000 Iraqi students this year . That 's more than double the number of Iraqi children enrolled in public school two years ago . Harb , on the front line of the phenomenon , says the influx is putting a strain on her school . Even with some U.N. and U.S. aid to Jordan , there 's still not enough money . "  We need more teachers here , more resources , more buildings , more chairs for all Iraqi students and our students , " she says . In a nearby neighborhood , in the study room of the Ahmed Toukan School for Boys , a handful of Iraqi kids talk of their experience living far from home . Seated at a rectangular table covered with a red and white tablecloth , the boys tell stories of horror and displacement . Eighteen-year-old Qutaiba lost five immediate family members before moving to Jordan to try to live a normal life . Matter-of-factly and with a straight-ahead stare , he repeats the number : "  Five members . " Most of the boys and young men from Iraq have missed several years of school -- up to a four-year educational gap that will delay not only their high school graduation , but also their entry into the workforce . All say , though , that they feel lucky to have gotten out , even if the violence in their country means always having to be on the move , ready to live far from home and away from loved ones . "  It 's not strange for me to be in the middle of people I do n't know , " says eleventh grader Ziad Tarek Al Shamsi . "  I had friends in Iraq when I was small , I left them . In America , I left them . I came here , I left them . " He pauses : "  But you have to miss your country . " The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates up to 250,000 school-age Iraqi children are in Jordan . Many of them are enrolled in private institutions . But as families run out of money they had when they left Iraq , they turn to public schools . Even so , more than a month into the new academic year , fewer Iraqi families than first anticipated enrolled their kids in schools this year . According to the charity Save the Children , 21,000 Iraqi children have so far enrolled in Jordanian classrooms . As a result , the government extended the deadline for student applications and cut down on the required paperwork for Iraqi families . The lower registration numbers were attributed in part to illegal refugees ' fears of being identified through their children 's school records . Regardless of what the final number will be this year , the population shift in the Middle East is , according to UNHCR head Antonio Guterres , the largest urban refugee situation in the world . Iraqi families are changing the social fabric of Jordanian society . About 10 percent of Jordan 's population is now made up of Iraqi refugees -- the estimates range from 500,000 to 750,000 of them . The schoolchildren are living examples of how the Iraq war may permanently change the Middle East . "  Iraqi children will be incorporated and integrated within our mainstream line of education , " says Touqan , the education minister . "  We will not run a parallel system of education . " E-mail to a friend	Jordan opens school doors to all Iraqi children , regardless of refugee status Principal says her school is 20 percent Iraqi this year Education minister : Iraqi kids will be incorporated into "  mainstream " life One student says he lost five family members in Iraq
CNN  -- You have shot more than enough photos , captured tons of video and have written a rough draft of your story , so what 's next ? You always want to double - and triple-check your story elements before sending them in . Here are a few tips to help you determine the best elements to pick when putting together your story . Do n't over edit , but give it a few reads When writing , think first about the overall purpose of the piece . What is your intention ? It could be to shine light on something that no one else has covered . In all instances , consider both sides of the equation . If you are simply telling the personal tale of one person , consider what about this person 's story is interesting to you . What are the things you would need to know that would make your story stand out to a reader ? Find a way to relate the story to your audience . Write all that out and then give it a couple of reads . It 's always easiest to put everything down on paper and then go back and edit as necessary . Editing out what slows down the text is best . But if you have a good quote , center the piece on it . For example , if you 're covering a protest , include some of the best quotes from the protesters you interviewed . Was there a recurring theme among them ? Did folks have a personal stake in being at the protest ? Review the strongest interviews and quotes , then write your supporting text to give the user context and explain why they should care . Choose the most compelling photos You can have a maximum of 10 photos for your story , so you want to make sure they complement the story in the best way possible . If you are writing a story about protests , include images that reflect the angst , frustration and emotion in protesters ' faces . Pick the photos that provide a snapshot of that particular moment . You want to take your audience inside your story . Video and text should complement each other What is the value of the video ? Usually , when we have text and video , we want each element to be able to stand on its own . If they are published separately , the reader should be able to follow the story . However , when video is combined with text , the video should be added value to the overall vision or message of the piece . Video and text should complement each other . The text should not just be a transcription of the video . In keeping with the same theme , if you 're covering a protest , then the video should put the user in that moment . The video could include great natural sound of protesters , chanting and speaking . It could provide one person 's point of view as opposed to putting every single protester in the video . This will also help keep your video within the two - to three-minute time frame . For more tips on storytelling , visit the boot camp page , where you can find all the tips from the past six weeks . Remember , your stories are due Monday , September 26 , at noon ET . Good luck !	CNN 's iReport Boot Camp challenges iReporters to improve storytelling chops CNN.com Editor Audrey Irvine shares her tips on packaging your final story Turn in your final story by Monday , September 26
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- Thailand 's King Bhumibol Adulyadej , the world 's longest-reigning monarch , has been hospitalized with fever and fatigue , the royal palace said Sunday . King Bhumibol Adulyadej attends a celebration of his 81st birthday in Bangkok on December 2 , 2008 . King Bhumibol Adulyadej , 81 , was admitted to a Bangkok hospital on Saturday night . Doctors are monitoring his condition while administering antibiotics and intravenous fluid , the statement from the Royal Household Bureau said . The statement was carried by Thai News Agency and other local media . The king was formally crowned on May 5 , 1950 . Watch why king 's health is big issue " Thailand abolished absolute monarchy in the 1930s , so the king wields little power although he last month appealed for unity amid Thailand 's four-year-long political crisis . He remains a deeply revered figure and enjoys immense popularity . Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva told reporters on Sunday that the king visited hospital on doctors ' advice . "  There is no problem with His Majesty 's conditions . From my chats with doctors , there is nothing to be concerned about , " Abhisit said after signing a visitors ' log book at the hospital , according to Reuters.com .	Thailand 's King Bhumibol Adulyadej is hospitalized with fever and fatigue King Bhumibol Adulyadej is world 's longest-reigning monarch King wields little power but is deeply revered and enjoys immense popularity
London , England  CNN  -- There are "  compelling reasons " to believe the Israeli government was responsible for forging British passports used in a plot to kill a Hamas leader in the United Arab Emirates earlier this year , British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said Tuesday . "  Such misuse of British passports is intolerable , " Miliband said , adding that the fact that Israel was an ally of the United Kingdom "  only adds insult to injury . " The passports were "  copied from genuine British passports " in a "  highly sophisticated operation , " indicating a government was behind it , Miliband told the House of Commons . Britain 's Serious Organised Crime Agency concluded that the 12 British people whose passports were cloned where "  wholly innocent victims of identity theft , " the foreign secretary said . The UK expelled an Israeli diplomat and changed the advice it gives its citizens about traveling to Israel as a result of the scandal , Miliband said . He did not name the diplomat or say what rank the envoy held . "  The UK had absolutely no advance knowledge of what happened in Dubai nor any involvement whatsoever in the killing " of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , he said . Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman complained that the Israelis "  have not been given any evidence pointing to Israel 's involvement in the affair . " "  We attribute great importance to our relations with Great Britain , " he said . "  We maintain several different and sensitive dialogues with the UK , and we regret the British decision . " French authorities also have opened an investigation into the alleged use of forged documents , the Paris prosecutor 's office said Tuesday . Suspects in the killing allegedly used four doctored French passports , the prosecutor said in a written statement . "  Further investigation has revealed that these four passports were actually false as the photos did not correspond to the names appearing in each document , " the statement said . Al-Mabhouh , a founding member of Hamas ' military wing , was found dead January 20 in his Dubai hotel room . Police believe he was killed the night before , allegedly by the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit Mossad . Two sources told CNN earlier this month that the number of identified suspects in al-Mabhouh 's death was up to 27 . Of them , 26 were carrying European or Australian passports , authorities have said . The sources -- an official familiar with the investigation and a police source -- did not say which nation issued the passport used by the 27th suspect . The 27 suspects are believed to have acquired false passports to travel to Dubai for the killing , then scattered to several far-flung locations afterward . But Lt. Gen. Dahi Khalfan Tamim , Dubai police chief , has said not all the suspects had fraudulent passports -- "  We know some of the names are real . " Interpol , the international police agency , has issued "  red notices " to help search for the suspects . The notices are not international arrest warrants , but are a way of alerting police forces around the world that the suspects are wanted by United Arab Emirates authorities . Interpol expands search for suspects Interpol Secretary-General Ronald K. Noble said investigators have established "  clear " links through passport records , video surveillance , DNA analysis , witness interviews and hotel , credit card , phone and transport records , according to a statement . Police have said toxicology results show al-Mabhouh was injected with succinylcholine , a drug used to relax muscles during surgery or as an anesthetic , before he was suffocated . Signs indicated that al-Mabhouh resisted as he was being suffocated , police said . Al-Mabhouh 's family members were told earlier that police had found blood on a pillow . Authorities have also said the killers left some of al-Mabhouh 's medication next to him in an apparent effort to make the death appear natural . But "  the medication left next to him in the room has nothing to do with the killing , " Tamim has said . Tamim told CNN last month that he is "  100 percent sure " Mossad was responsible . "  The Mossad needs to be ashamed of its actions , " he said . "  They sent 26 , 27 persons to assassinate one man who was involved in the capturing and killing of two Israeli soldiers . " Dubai police : Mossad should be ` ashamed ' Hamas has said al-Mabhouh was behind the 1989 deaths of the Israeli soldiers . Israel has a stated policy on security matters of neither confirming nor denying involvement . Lieberman , however , told Israel Army Radio earlier this month , "  There is certainly no reason to think that the Mossad and not some other intelligence agency of another country operated there . " The total of 27 suspects does not include two Palestinians arrested in Jordan and returned to Dubai . Tamim said one is not believed to be directly involved in al-Mabhouh 's death , but "  he is wanted by one of the Palestinian factions in the Palestinian territories and he is sentenced to death and that 's why we will extradite him . " He declined to discuss anything about the other Palestinian . CNN 's Guy Azriel in Jerusalem and Niki Cook in Paris , France , contributed to this report .	Miliband : Passports copied in a "  highly sophisticated operation " British government source said an Israeli official had been expelled from UK Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , founding member of Hamas ' military wing , found dead Jan. 20 in Dubai Dubai Police believe he was killed by secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit Mossad
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The family of a Thai police officer killed in a car crash in Bangkok expressed shock and grief Tuesday over his death , which the grandson of the creator of the Red Bull energy drink has been charged with causing . Police Sgt. Major Wichien Klanprasert was responding to a robbery call when his motorcycle was hit by what a witness described as a black sports car at 5 a.m. on Monday , the Bangkok Police said . The police subsequently arrested Vorayud Yoovidhaya , 27 , a prominent member of one of Thailand 's richest families whose wealth is connected to Red Bull , and charged him with causing a death with negligence and hit and run . "  I 'm so shocked and very sad . I am just stunned , " said Ubol Thongsanin , one of Wichien 's sisters , as she visited the scene of the crash on Tuesday . "  I want to tell the parents that they should teach their children to drive carefully , " she said . Another sister , Chuanpit Choosurisaeng , had a message for the driver of the sports car that allegedly killed her brother : "  When you have big money , it does n't mean you can drive carelessly . You must think of others who are sharing the same road , too . " According to the police account , investigators followed the path of leaked oil from the crash scene to the home of Vorayud . Dozens of police surrounded the mansion before entering with a search warrant and discovering a badly damaged black Ferrari . The front was wrecked and its air bags deployed , said Bangkok Police Maj. Gen. Parinya Jansuriya . Vorayud was taken to a police station for questioning and the car was seized by investigators , he said . Vorayud admitted driving the car and hitting the motorcycle , but he claimed he was suddenly cut off by the bike , according to Police Maj. Gen. Aunuchi Lekbumrung . After he was charged , Vorayud was quickly released on a bond of 500,000 baht , about $ 16,000 . The controversial case also resulted in the suspension of a police officer who was accused of having another person pretend to have been driving Vorayud 's car . The man who had claimed to have been driving the car was fined 6,000 baht , about $ 200 , the Police Chief Kumronvit Thoopkrachang said . Vorayud 's late grandfather , Chaleo Yoovidhaya , teamed with an Austrian businessman to create the Red Bull brand and products based on a Thai drink . His father , Chalerm Yoovidhaya , is an executive with the energy drink company .	Vorayud Yoovidhaya , 27 , is a prominent member of one of Thailand 's richest families Police Sgt. Major Wichien Klanprasert was responding to a robbery when his bike was hit Wealth does n't mean you can "  drive carelessly , " one of his grieving sisters says Vorayud claims he was suddenly cut off by the police motorcycle , the police say
CNN  -- As fellow American officials met with allied and Iranian counterparts in Geneva , Switzerland , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Wednesday that all sides are closer than they 've been in a long time on a nuclear deal . But they stressed it has n't been reached yet . "  It 's important to exhaust the remedies and possibilities of diplomacy , " Kerry said from Washington . "  We have the best chance we 've had in a decade , we believe , to halt progress and roll back Iran 's program . " The prospect of an agreement that could roll back some punitive measures against Iran in exchange for measures assuring that the Middle Eastern country is n't developing a nuclear weapon has met significant resistance . Some in Congress have voiced opposition , saying leaders in Tehran can not be trusted . It 's a sentiment echoed by Israel leaders . Kerry insisted the continuing talks represent "  the initial stage of determining whether or not there 's a first step that can be taken . " Whether the ultimate result is Iran having access to peaceful nuclear energy is a long ways off ; for now , Kerry claimed that a prospective deal would n't give that country leeway to move toward developing a nuclear weapon . Iran nuclear talks : 11 things you need to know "  We will not allow this agreement should it be reached -- and I say , should it be reached -- to buy time or to allow for the acceptance of an agreement that does not properly address our core , fundamental concerns , " he said . Kerry spoke as negotiators met in Geneva , where the major players engaged in three days of intense talks earlier this month . Those discussions concluded without the agreement some had anticipated , albeit with optimism that it could come soon . "  I think we are all on the same wavelength , and that 's important , " Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said then . "  And that gives us the impetus to go forward . " Like those discussions , the current talks involve delegations from Iran and the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- the United States , Russia , China , Great Britain and France -- plus Germany in what is known as the P5 +1 . "  The atmosphere is positive , " one senior U.S. official said , adding that the Western powers expressed condolences for a bombing that happened near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut . "  We are not in a rush , " the official said . "  We want to get a good deal , the right deal . " Israeli leader : ` This must be a genuine solution ' One sticking point has been Iran 's insistence on enriching its own uranium for peaceful purposes . The U.S. official said the issue "  can be navigated in an agreement . " U.S. National Security Adviser Susan Rice said the plan would benefit the global community . "  The international community would have unprecedented access to Iran 's nuclear facilities and full transparency into what they 're doing , so they would n't have the ability to sneak out or break out , " Rice said . But Israel , the United States ' closest ally in the region , staunchly opposes the tentative plan . "  It 's a bad deal -- an exceedingly bad deal , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told CNN this week . Netanyahu opposes lifting some sanctions now without getting further concessions to ensure Iran would be unable to continue with uranium enrichment and other steps . "  I think you should not only keep up the pressure ; I think you should increase the pressure , because it 's finally working , " Netanyahu said , labeling Iran 's economy as close to paralysis . "  If you give it up now , when you have that pressure , and Iran does n't even take apart , dismantle one centrifuge , what leverage will you have when you 've eased the pressure ? " At the same time , Netanyahu repeated his insistence that Israel "  always reserves the right to defend itself against any threat , " which is diplomat-speak for a military strike on Iran 's nuclear facilities to stop the development of a weapon . Netanyahu elaborated Wednesday during remarks in Moscow , where he met with Russian President Vladimir Putin . He characterized Iran 's development of nuclear weapons "  the biggest threat against us and against global security . " Carrying through on U.N. Security Council resolutions like those "  to halt all enrichment , to remove all enriched material  and  to dismantle the centrifuges " are central to that goal . "  I would like remove any doubts : We want a peaceful , diplomatic solution ; everyone prefers this over any other solution , " Netanyahu added . "  But this must be a genuine solution . " Iran : Some Israeli officials ` are like animals ' The Supreme Leader of Iran , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , did n't mince words when he fired back at Israel , his nation 's staunch adversary . "  Israeli officials can not be even called humans . They are like animals , some of them , " he said Wednesday . The ayatollah also said Iran 's "  heroic flexibility " is not a violation of Iran 's values . He coined that term a few months ago to explain that Iran 's leadership can be flexible while remaining "  heroic " in the face of Western powers it still does n't trust . In remarks Wednesday , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said his country is looking for an agreement that will benefit both sides . "  The Islamic Republic of Iran is looking for stability and tranquility in the entire region , and success in our negotiations with the Group 5 +1 will benefit all the regional countries and the world , " he said , according to the semiofficial FARS news agency . Tuesday 's twin suicide bombing near the Iranian Embassy in Lebanon 's capital will not sway the talks , Rouhani said . "  Those who think they can achieve their goals through terror , intimidation and violence have always been in mistake , and they are erring again this time , " he said . Rifts within the U.S. . Some U.S. lawmakers are n't sold on the new plan . On Tuesday , a bipartisan group of six senators urged the administration to reject the proposed deal with Iran and accept only an agreement that better dismantles Iran 's ability to develop nuclear weapons . "  I think all of us are concerned , " said Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee . "  We know who we are dealing with , and we 've watched this same type of activity occur in North Korea , where you began to alleviate sanctions , and I think what the concern is that whatever you do in the interim basis becomes the new norm . " But U.S. President Barack Obama said the current sanctions put in place during his administration had forced Iran to the negotiating table because of economic contraction and frozen oil revenue . He said the proposed deal would "  open up the spigot a little bit " on some of the frozen revenue while leaving in place the bulk of the most effective sanctions involving Iranian oil exports and banking . But Obama also stressed that all options , including military strikes on Iran 's nuclear facilities , remained on the table as far as the United States was concerned . Vice President Joe Biden , joined by members of his national security team , explained the administration 's position Wednesday to 12 Democratic senators . He laid out potential parameters of a six-month deal such as addressing ` Iran 's enrichment capabilities , existing stockpiles of uranium , centrifuges and ability to produce plutonium using the Arak reactor " and allowing for "  intrusive monitoring " by international inspectors . "  The Vice President reiterated that the President has a responsibility to seek a peaceful resolution that prevents Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon before pursuing alternatives , " the White House said in a statement . "  The current P5 +1 proposal has the potential to do just that . " Why Israel , Gulf states are wary of Iran nuclear talks U.S.-Israel rift over Iran nukes now in the open CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Saad Abedine and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : Vice President Biden explains parameters for a possible deal to Democratic senators Secretary of State John Kerry says "  it 's important to exhaust ... diplomacy " Prime Minister Netanyahu says Israel wants a "  genuine " diplomatic solution Delegations from the key players meet in Geneva , Switzerland
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Bob and Debbie Burns endured three dark and powerless days after Hurricane Sandy . When the lights went out this time -- the result of a powerful winter storm -- they were ready . Candles give a pleasant glow to their living room in Abington Township , Pennsylvania , a Philadelphia suburb . Burning logs in the fireplace give at least a little warmth . They have hot water , and a gas stove to cook on -- both products of their experience in the wake of Sandy -- the 2012 hurricane that caused widespread damage and power outages up and down the Eastern Seaboard . And they huddle under blankets and pass the time talking . "  We 're very content , " Bob Burns told CNN on Wednesday night . "  It gives us more quality time to sit and talk . " The couple are among an estimated 578,000 who remained without power early Thursday in the wake of Wednesday 's snow and ice storm , according to a CNN tally of outage figures provided by electric utilities . In Philadelphia alone , electric provider PECO said that at the peak of the outages midday Wednesday , more than 623,000 homes and businesses were without power . That number had fallen to about 431,000 Thursday afternoon , according to the company . The vast majority should get their power back by Friday , but for some , the wait could stretch to Sunday , spokeswoman Debbie Yemenijian told CNN . After all , it 's the second-most damaging storm in the company 's history , PECO said . Crews from Arkansas , Illinois , Massachusetts , New York , Ohio and Canada have joined PECO 's workers to fix the damage , the company said . In all , more than 1,500 workers are in the field , it said . A similar number have been fielded in the Baltimore area , where some 45,000 homes and businesses remained without power early Thursday , utility Baltimore Gas and Electric Co. said on Twitter . Tens of thousands also remained without power elsewhere in Pennsylvania and New Jersey , with a handful of outages remaining in Ohio as well . The storm that caused all the problems moved out of the Midwest on Wednesday , bringing more than 10 inches of snow to Boston , 13 inches to other parts of Massachusetts and 4 inches of snow and a quarter-inch of ice to New York . The wet , heavy snow was a delight for children who got a snow day , less so for everyone else . "  Harder to push , not as easy actually to plow , " said Boston snowplow driver Nick Sfravara . "  It 's definitely a challenge to get this stuff out of the way rather than the light stuff . " Another system is forecast to bring snow to the region this weekend , but it 's not expected to produce as many problems , according to CNN meteorologists . The central United States will continue to deal with unusual cold , with wind chill warnings or advisories posted in more than a dozen states where highs are expected to be 20 to 40 degrees below average . Why schools hate snow days Michael Pearson wrote and reported from Atlanta . Margaret Conley reported from Philadelphia . CNN 's Ed Payne , John Newsome , Greg Botelho and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	NEW : About 578,000 in at least three states without power after snow , ice storm NEW : Thousands of utility workers flood storm-damaged states to fix lines "  We 're very content , " suburban Philadelphia couple say despite no power Central U.S. to remain cold , but next storm unlikely to cause major problems
Heather Kern 's heart had raced ever since she was 11 . It would randomly speed up at times and then drop back to normal . But those quirks did n't stop her from lacing up her boots for a hike every weekend or jumping in the pool for a long swim -- at least until she gave birth to her little girl in August 2008 . That 's when her heart changed . Two weeks after delivering her daughter Cindy , Kern realized something was very wrong . The 32-year-old began experiencing numbness in her limbs and had severe chest pain . "  My heart felt like a Ping-Pong ball -- it was going crazy speeding up and slowing down , " she remembers . Kern went to see a cardiologist in their new home state of Texas . She did n't know what to expect ; for years doctors had shrugged off her symptoms . She was stunned to learn that her problems were caused by heart disease . The new mother had a left ventricular non-compaction cardiomyopathy , a congenital disorder that affects a small percentage of people . With LVNC , muscle fibers in the lower left chamber of the heart do not turn into solid muscle as they should during normal development . Instead the fibers remain and interfere with the heart 's function . Kern 's cardiologist suspected that she also had Catecholaminergic Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia , an abnormal heart rhythm disorder that could potentially cause sudden cardiac arrest . The diagnosis sent her into a spiral of depression . "  I thought I was going to die , " she says . She had already put on 40 pounds during pregnancy and was now being told she could n't do anything active that would strain her heart . Life became a series of tests and checkups , shuffling in and out of the hospital . She had to get an implantable cardioverter defibrillator  ICD  implanted , and was put on heart medication to regulate her life-threatening arrhythmias . Eventually , Kern started seeing a counselor to deal with the emotional pain . "  That first year with my daughter , I could n't enjoy her because I was having problems , and I was sick , " she says . As she tried to cope with her new reality , she turned to food . Over the next four years , her weight ballooned . Food , inactivity and even her heart medicine caused her to put on weight . And her growing waistline was not helping her self esteem . She became so heavy she could n't bear to step on the scale and refused to pose in photographs with friends . At the start of 2012 , she came across a weight-loss challenge on a couponing website . The challenge was between a group of strangers online who counted calories to lose weight . It did n't seem like something that would strain her heart , so Kern decided to join the group 's challenge . "  I thought I 'd try losing weight with people online . I figured if I fail it 's not as bad because I do n't really know them , " she says . So she cut her food intake by 500 calories a day , eating only 1,200 calories and religiously documented everything she put in her mouth . A chocolate lover , she got rid of all candy from her house . And she stopped eating after her daughter . "  Oh the French fries -- my kid with her Happy Meals would drive me crazy , " she says . "  I would eat half her meal because she could n't finish it . " But with calorie counting , there was no room for extra food . She weighed in at 260 pounds at the start of the challenge . In six weeks she had dropped 20 pounds , winning the weight-loss competition . It was a boost of confidence that motivated her to take control of her life . She was determined to get to a healthy weight not only for herself , but also for her daughter . "  My mom and grandfather both died in their forties because of this , and they did n't know they had heart disease , " she said . "  A lot of people have the same kind of thing I have . It 's like a totally different ball game when you 're trying to lose weight . " She made counting calories a routine , logging her intake on sites like caloriecount.com or on her mobile phone . But she wanted to do more . She wanted to be active but did n't know how . She asked her cardiologist about light exercise ; he thought it would be a good idea to try . So Kern strapped on her tennis shoes and put Cindy in a stroller and walked down the street . That was as far as she would go . The fear that her heart would act up made her turn around . But those first few steps were just the beginning . She slowly built the courage to walk a little further each day around her neighborhood , paying close attention to her body . Soon , she was able to jump on the elliptical for five minutes at a time , building up her endurance . "  You got to go slowly , " she says . Losing weight was gradual for Kern , who is 5 ' 8 " . It took her two years to reach her goal weight of 135 pounds on October 2013 . Kern , who started a new job at a patient advocacy company , now focuses on maintaining her weight . She joined a gym to build muscle and goes every day . She still lives with her heart condition , but losing the weight has helped keep her heath in check . "  Some days I go to the gym and my heart is n't cooperating . It feels like it is rattling around , " she says . "  You never push yourself with this disease . They tell you to push yourself at the gym , but you have to listen to your body . " Kern currently takes only half her heart medication . Her cardiologist attributes her improved health to her weight loss . She says the entire process changed the way she views life . "  When I was diagnosed with heart disease , I literally thought that my life was over , " she said . "  But the huge weight-loss proved to me I could still do what I set my mind to . Life was n't over ; it could be wonderful . "	When Heather Kern was diagnosed with congenital heart disease her life changed Since exercising could strain her heart , Kern started calorie counting to lose weight It took two years for her to lose 125 pounds , but now that she is lighter her heart is healthier
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania patrol officer who chased down a German shepherd following a car accident is being called a hero by some . A photo of officer Nick Ague carrying the 75-pound dog over his shoulder was posted to the South Londonderry Township Police Facebook page on Sunday getting more than 6,000 "  likes " and 1,300 "  shares . " In the comments people praise Ague 's compassion for animals and thank him for his dedication . Despite the sudden Internet fame , Ague is "  keeping a level head , " said fellow patrolman Scott Firestone . On Sunday , Ague responded to an accident involving at least one vehicle in Palmyra , the department posted on Facebook . Two dogs in the vehicle escaped . One was captured right away but Mya , the German shepherd , began running , Firestone said . Ague , himself a dog owner , gave chase . Mya and Ague continued running for about two miles , Firestone said . When Mya finally came to a stop , Ague realized her paws were injured -- presumably from running across hot asphalt and the rough terrain , the department posted on Facebook . Ague scooped up Mya up and walked her back to her owner 's vehicle as a fellow patrolman snapped their photo . Firestone said Mya is at home recovering and doing well . He said Ague is taking advantage of the incident to add momentum to his continuing effort to start a K9 unit within the small police department . "  If you look on our Facebook page you can see we 've searched for lost hikers and things like that , " Firestone said , but "  by far this is the most attention anyone in our department has received . "	A dog ran away from the scene of a car accident in Pennsylvania on Sunday Police Officer Nick Ague chased the dog for two miles and carried her back to her owner A photo posted on the department 's Facebook page has more than 6,000 "  likes , " 1,300 "  shares " Fellow patrol officer describes Ague as "  big animal lover "
Travel + Leisure  -- The Web is an essential tool for travelers , but as booking engines and trip forums evolve and multiply , you have to know where to look -- and whom to trust . To help you , Travel + Leisure has assembled the ultimate online guide . Getting There BOOKING FLIGHTS  OVERALL Sidestep.com Comparing top aggregators Sidestep and Kayak , we found that eight-year-old Sidestep 's flight tool has a slight edge : A handy matrix at the top of the results page gives an overview of the lowest prices pulled from 600 airlines across 200 sites . And refining the search by departure time or airport is a breeze . RESEARCHING LOW-FARE CARRIERS IN EUROPE Flycheapo.com Do n't get stuck on the name . This is a great resource for learning about 45 low-fare carriers in Europe . Select your two endpoints  say Rome and Oslo  and learn who can get you from one to the other on a direct flight  Denmark 's Sterling Air  . Caveat : FlyCheapo only shows you who flies where ; for prices and schedules , you 'll have to visit the airlines ' own sites . LOCATING THE BEST INTERNATIONAL AIRFARES Farecompare.com Decide how much you want to spend and when you want to travel , and Getaway Maps will overlay the lowest fares pulled from more than 500 airlines  most of the major U.S. carriers , as well as many international ones  for a select range of cities . KNOWING WHEN TO BOOK A FLIGHT Farecast.com Buy now or wait for a better price ? Farecast uses historic pricing data to help you make an educated decision about whether or not a fare is likely to fluctuate in the coming week . A supplementary service called FareGuard  $ 10  covers the difference if they tell you to wait for a price to go down and it rises instead . Caveat : Farecast covers only 78 cities , all of them in the United States . Getting Ideas BOOKING HOTELS  OVERALL Kayak.com This two-year-old aggregator scours 159,000 hotels worldwide , and about 10 percent of the places that it turns up have been suggested by real people , so the picks are well-rounded .  Hotels.com only lists 70,000 properties .  New features allow you to sort the listings by location  using Google maps  and view photographs . FINDING LATE-BREAKING DEALS ON LUXURY HOTELS Lastminutetravel.com Search hotels by ratings in your city of choice , and the site turns up an impressive mix of reduced rates on rooms at luxury properties . Our recent results : 23 percent off a room at the Biltmore , in Coral Gables , and 15 percent off at the Goring , in London . Caveat : The best deals take digging . PREVIEWING MENUS IN THE U.S. Menupages.com With approximately 25,000 restaurants across eight cities , MenuPages makes it easy to plan meals by type of food , neighborhood , price or random craving  bialys in Philly ?  . Caveat : Menus may be a bit stale ; 3,000 to 5,000 are updated per month . And , unlike at OpenTable , you ca n't book tables online . NABBING THE PERFECT SEAT Seatguru.com Preview seat maps including where to find the power outlets as well as that extra inch of legroom for 73 models of aircraft on 39 different airlines . Like most airlines these days , the site is no-frills , but you 'll never get stuck next to the bathroom again . DISHING WITH GLOBAL FOODIES Chowhound.com An obsessive community of feisty people around the world share secret finds . The site features interviews with experts , videos of local culinary customs  watch how to tie pancetta  , and blogs such as the newly launched Tasting Notes . CUSTOMIZING AN ITINERARY Homeandabroad.com Plan a trip to one of more than 90 destinations from start to finish . Along with all the basics  hotel , restaurant , and entertainment ideas  , get tips on what to read before you go . Caveat : They tend to overpack an average day with suggestions . Planning a Cruise Cruisecritic.com Research almost anything about 60 different cruise lines and gather advice on everything ship-related -- from buying travel insurance to using onboard slot machines . Caveat : Not a booking site , so prices usually are n't listed . Getting Around MAPPING ROUTES ON U.S. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION Hopstop.com Decide on your transport of choice , as well as how far you 're willing to walk , and get point-to-point directions for five cities . Bonus features : You can see what the trip would cost by taxi and look at panoramic shots of what to expect when you emerge from underground . Plus , there 's a new small-screen version for phones and PDA 's . Caveat : There are no actual subway maps . DRIVING DIRECTIONS IN EUROPE Viamichelin.com Scan information on 4.4 million miles of road across 42 European countries . Maps feature pop-ups with descriptions and pictures of the desired destinations ; directions include estimates about what you 'll spend on gas ; they even tip you off to speed traps . Caveat : It requires an extra step to convert from kilometers . CREATING COMPREHENSIVE MAPS WORLDWIDE Maps.google.com Simple , clearly designed maps and driving instructions are just the beginning . The standout stuff : live feeds of traffic conditions and street views of major U.S. cities  only slightly creepy  ; addresses , phone numbers and Web sites for what you 're mapping . The Basics CONVERTING CURRENCY Xe.com 180 currencies from 250 places , updated every minute . The conversion application is easy to locate  unlike that of close competitor Oanda  , and you can bookmark go-to conversions . Caveat : Animations and flashing ads create a bit of sensory overload . FINDING RELIABLE WEATHER FORECASTS Weather.com A notch above AccuWeather and Weather Underground , 11-year-old Weather does the best job of delivering the essentials clearly . Get current conditions for 98,000 destinations worldwide , updated every 20 minutes . LEARNING ABOUT HEALTH AND SAFETY ABROAD Tripprep.com A comprehensive resource with recommended vaccinations , embassy listings and crime advisories for 204 countries .  Information is culled from the state departments of the U.S. , Canada , Australia and the U.K.  Also included : tips on local customs and transportation . Caveat : Incomplete listings of doctors abroad . Free registration required . 8 more to watch Vayama.com A booking engine that pulls prices from all international flights originating in the United States , including those of low-fare carriers . Yapta.com Tracks airfares after you book and will send an e-mail about a significant price drop , along with info about how to use little-known loopholes for a refund . Travelistic.com A compilation of on-the-ground travel videos  there were more than 4,100 at press time  from real people around the world . Meethalfway.com U.K.-based site , with a soon-to-launch U.S. version , that helps you find a geographic compromise . Seriouseats.com New York Times writer Ed Levine filters , compiles and analyzes all the juiciest global food news and opinions . Airtreks.com Helps you plan complicated multi-leg itineraries without the hassle and expense of one-off tickets . Dontforgetyourtoothbrush.com Create your own handy before-you-leave checklists . TheBathroomdiaries.com A seemingly silly , surprisingly useful resource reviewing 12,000 public bathrooms in 120 countries . E-mail to a friend Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Flycheapo is a great way to learn about low-fare carriers in Europe Farecast uses historic pricing data to help you decide when to book flights ViaMichelin provides information on 4.4 million miles of road across Europe
CNN  -- Italian fashion designers Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana lost the appeal of their jail sentence for tax convictions in Italy , their lawyer said Wednesday . The men were sentenced to 18 months in prison by a lower court after being found guilty of failing to pay 40 million euros in taxes owed to the Italian government last year . They must also pay a 500,000 euro fine . The case will now be appealed to Italy 's Supreme Court of Cassation , attorney Armando Simbari told CNN . The Dolce & Gabbana label is a popular brand on luxury clothing and accessories . CNN 's Livia Borghese in Rome contributed to this report .	Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana face 18 months in an Italian prison The designers were found guilty of failing to pay 40 million euros in taxes in Italy The case will be appeal to Italy 's Supreme Court , their lawyer says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- George Clooney will likely spend a lot of time at the Golden Globes podium next month , considering the number of nominations he and his two movies got Thursday from the Hollywood Foreign Press Association . Clooney 's "  The Descendants " and "  The Ides of March " are nominated nine times , and both films are among the six nominated for best drama . Clooney is also a contender for best actor in a drama for his "  Descendants " role and for best director and best screenplay for "  The Ides of March . " "  Descendants " co-star Shailene Woodley is nominated for best supporting actress , Alexander Payne is up for best director and best screenplay . "  The Ides of March " earned a best drama movie actor nomination for Ryan Gosling , who also is nominated for best actor in a comedy film for "  Crazy , Stupid , Love . " The other best drama film nominees include "  The Help , " which is nominated for five Globes , including a best drama actress nod for Viola Davis . Co-stars Octavia Spencer and Jessica Chastain are competing against each other for best supporting actress . Mary J. Blige 's "  The Living Proof " is nominated for best original song . Best drama contender "  Moneyball " is also nominated for best screenplay , while Brad Pitt , who portrayed baseball general manager Billy Beane , is up for best actor in a drama film . Jonah Hill , who played Beane 's statistical wizard , is nominated for best supporting actor . Steven Spielberg 's "  War Horse " is competing for best drama , and John Williams ' music for the film is nominated for best original score . The movie is not up for any acting honors . "  Hugo " rounds out nominations for the best movie drama category . Martin Scorsese is also nominated for best director for the 3-D family film , while Howard Shore is up for best original score . The best drama film actor category also includes Leonardo DiCaprio for his portrayal of the former FBI director in "  J. Edgar , " and Michael Fassbender for "  Shame . " Meryl Streep , who has been nominated 25 times before for Globes and won seven of the trophies , is again in the running for best actress in a drama film . She is nominated for portraying former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in "  The Iron Lady . " Glenn Close , who produced , co-wrote and stars in "  Albert Nobbs , " was nominated as best actress . Co-star Janet McTeer is nominated in the best supporting actress category . Along with Davis , Streep and Close , the best drama actress competitors include Tilda Swinton for "  We Need to Talk About Kevin " and Rooney Mara for "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo . " The list of Golden Globe nominees for best comedy or musical films includes "  The Artist , " "  50/50 , " "  Bridesmaids , " "  Midnight in Paris " and "  My Week With Marilyn . " "  The Artist " has six nominations , the most of any other film . It drew a best acting nomination for Jean Dujardin , best supporting actress for Berenice Bejo , best original score for Ludovic Bource and best director and best screenplay nods for Michel Hazanavicius . "  Midnight in Paris " gained Woody Allen best director and best screenplay nominations , along with a best comedy film actor nomination for Owen Wilson . "  My Week With Marilyn " star Michelle Williams ' portrayal of Marilyn Monroe put her into the best comedy actress competition , while co-star Kenneth Branagh is nominated for best supporting actor . "  50/50 " lead Joseph Gordon-Levitt is nominated for best comedy actor , and "  Bridesmaids " star Kristen Wiig is up for best comedy actress . Other best comedy actress contenders are Kate Winslet and Jodie Foster , both for their roles in "  Carnage , " and Charlize Theron for "  Young Adult . " Brendan Gleeson 's "  The Guard " performance earned a best comedy actor nomination . The best supporting actor category , which covers dramas , comedies and musicals , also includes Albert Brooks for "  Drive , " Viggo Mortensen for "  A Dangerous Method " and Christopher Plummer for "  Beginners . " Golden Globe nominees for best animated feature film include Spielberg 's "  The Adventures of Tintin , " "  Arthur Christmas , " "  Cars 2 , " "  Puss in Boots " and "  Rango . " The best foreign-language films nominated include the Angelina Jolie-directed "  In the Land of Blood and Honey , " China 's "  Flowers of War , " "  The Kid With a Bike " from Belgium , the Iranian film "  A Separation " and Spain 's "  The Skin I Live In . " Cable channel HBO dominated the Globes ' television nominations with 18 , including four for its mini-series "  Mildred Pierce , " three for drama series "  Boardwalk Empire " and three for the movie "  Cinema Verite . " "  Mildred Pierce , " a nominee for best TV mini-series or movie , also earned a best actress nomination for Kate Winslet , best supporting actress for Evan Rachel Wood and best supporting actor for Guy Pearce . Another HBO best TV mini-series or movie nominee , "  Cinema Verite , " earned a best actress nomination for Diane Lane and best actor nomination for Tim Robbins . Best TV drama series contender "  Boardwalk Empire " star Steve Buscemi is contending for best actor and co-star . Kelly MacDonald is nominated for best supporting actress . Showtime was the second most-nominated TV channel with eight , including three for its drama series "  Homeland " and two for the comedy series "  Episodes . " "  Homeland , " vying for best TV drama series , boasts a best actress nomination for Claire Danes and best actor nomination for Damian Lewis . Along with the best TV comedy nomination , Showtime 's "  Episodes " has a best actor nomination for Matt LeBlanc and best actress nomination for Laura Dern . PBS followed with five nominations , including four for the British Masterpiece production "  Downtown Abbey . " The 69th annual Golden Globes will be handed out in a televised ceremony at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on January 15 .	George Clooney 's "  The Descendants " and "  The Ides of March " draw Globe nominations Other best drama film nominees are "  The Help , " "  Hugo , " "  Moneyball " and "  War Horse " "  Moneyball " gets actor nominations for Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill The 69th Golden Globes will be televised from the Beverly Hilton on January 15
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The top Democrat in the Senate slammed Rush Limbaugh Monday over his recent controversial "  phony soldiers " remark , despite the conservative talk-radio host 's protests that his words have been taken out of context . Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh said his comments were taken out of context . Limbaugh 's comments in question came Wednesday when Limbaugh and a caller were discussing critics of the Iraq war : "  What 's really funny is , they -LSB- Iraq war critics -RSB- never talk to real soldiers , " the caller said . "  They like to pull these soldiers that come up out of the blue and talk to the media . " "  The phony soldiers , " Limbaugh then said . Several Democrats released statements late last week condemning the remarks , and in a speech on the Senate floor Monday , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid called the comments "  so beyond the pale of decency that it can not be left alone . " "  Just as patriotism is the exclusive realm of neither party , taking a stand against those who spew hate and impugn the integrity of our troops is a job that belongs to all of us , " Reid said . "  I ca n't help but wonder how my Republican colleagues would have reacted if the tables were turned -- if a well-known Democratic radio personality had used the same insulting line of attack against troops who support the war , " the Nevada Democrat added . Reid , along with several other Democrats , also plan to send a letter to Clear Channel Communications CEO Mark Mays this week , calling on him to formally condemn Limbaugh 's comments . Clear Channel syndicates Limbaugh 's show . Limbaugh blasted Reid on Monday , saying on his radio program , "  These people have had three , four days now to learn the truth about this , and they no doubt know the truth , which does n't matter . " "  What they are trying to do is flood a false story into the Drive-By Media and have that survive and suffice as the evidence and as the story of what I said when it was n't , " he added . Responding to his critics on Friday 's show , Limbaugh said he was "  taken out of context , " adding his remark was referring to one soldier specifically -- Jesse MacBeth , a vocal war critic who falsely claimed to have served in Iraq . "  The effort here is simply to discredit people that they consider effective and powerful on the right ginning up , leading up into the '08 elections , " Limbaugh said Friday . Speaking on his radio show Friday , Limbaugh called the Democratic attacks on him "  a smear " and said "  this is is a great illustration of the liberals and the Democrat Party playbook for ' 08 , which is underway now . " On Thursday , Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts , a veteran of the Vietnam War , called the comments a "  disgusting attack . " "  In a single moment on his show , Limbaugh managed to question the patriotism of men and women in uniform who have put their lives on the line and many who died for his right to sit safely in his air-conditioned studio peddling hate , " Kerry said in a statement . The controversy over Limbaugh 's statement comes after the liberal advocacy group MoveOn.org accused the top U.S. commander in Iraq , Gen. David Petraeus , in full page ad in the New York Times last month of "  cooking the books for the White House " in his testimony to Congress last week . Last week , the House voted 341-79 to condemn the liberal group 's recent newspaper ad dubbing Petraeus "  General Betray Us ? " The Senate also approved a resolution condemning the ad on a vote of 72-25 . MoveOn.org said it stands by its ad . "  With every passing day , more information comes to light casting more and more doubt on the validity of the facts and conclusions presented by Gen. Petraeus in his testimony before Congress , " Eli Pariser , MoveOn.org 's Executive Director , said in a statement released after the House vote Wednesday . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Alex Mooney , Ted Barrett and Scott Anderson contributed to this report .	Top Senate Democrat calls Rush Limbaugh 's comment "  beyond the pale " Democrats say Limbaugh questioned patriotism of veterans who criticize war Limbaugh says "  phony soldiers " comment taken out of context Conservative radio talk show host says attacks part of a "  smear "
CNN  -- On a man-made island in the Middle East , the world 's newest super mall sits empty -- for now . Inside , water fountains shoot into the air , giant plasma screens flash advertisements , escalators rise and fall ; their only admirers are the odd construction worker . Missing from this scene are the shoppers . But come November , Abu Dhabi 's 235,000 square meter Yas Mall plans to open its doors to 20 million visitors per year . "  It 's a conservative estimate , " says Mohammed Khalifa Al Mubarak , CEO of Aldar Properties , the developers behind the ambitious design . Think big With over 400 stores , Yas Mall will be the second largest shopping complex in the United Arab Emirates , developers hoping it will emulate the success of neighboring Dubai Mall -- double the size at 502,000 square meters . "  Over the last five years , the growth of both Dubai Mall and the Mall of the Emirates has been immense , " explained Al Mubarak . "  They 've both become destinations in themselves . "  Abu Dhabi does not have that sort of destination here , it does not have that visitor experience . It needs that , it 's hungry for it , and Yas Mall is hopefully going to cater to that hunger . " Island living The plush shopping center is the latest addition to Yas Island , a purpose-built $ 40 billion holiday destination rising off the coast of Abu Dhabi . Opened in 2009 , the island boasts a Formula One circuit , water park , and "  Ferrari World " with the fastest roller coaster on the planet . If shoppers are as "  hungry , " as Al Mubarak says , then Abu Dhabi is working hard to feed them . Last year the city was ranked 18th in the world in terms of new retail space . And before consumers have even stepped inside Yas Mall , Al Mubarak is already talking expansion . "  We could n't fit all the retailers we wanted to be here , so we 're already starting to plan phase two , " he said . "  Abu Dhabi is a growing city . It 's growing in its developments , it 's growing in its demographics . And we are catering our retail for each aspect . " Smooth sailing ? This phenomenal growth has n't been without losses . Aldar was 13.7 billion dirhams  U.S. $ 3.7 billion  in debt last year , later merging with rival Sorouh Real Estate . "  We continue to manage our debt to the best of our abilities , and we continue to be a development company , " said Al Mubarak . "  Over the last year we 've launched two major projects that had been completely sold out . But we have developed in a mature , professional manner . " As the finishing touches are made at Yas Mall , we 'll soon find out if the island 's latest addition sinks or swims . Property : Middle East hot spots not where you think Travel : ` Tsunami ' of tourists head to Iran Style : Gulf fashion to rival Paris ?	Step inside Yas Mall , the UAE 's new super mall , due to open Nov Abu Dhabi complex hopes to attract 20 million shoppers in first year Part of $ 40b Yas Island entertainment center , including F1 circuit Developers Aldar Properties hope to bounce back from billions in debt
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The Justice Department and federal prosecutors will investigate allegations of discrimination against Latinos by police in Suffolk County , New York , officials said . The new investigation will seek evidence of whether the Suffolk County Police Department failed to act on complaints made by members of the Latino community or evidence of any other discriminatory practice , Robert Nardoza , spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office in the Eastern District of New York , said Tuesday . The inquiry by the Justice Departments Civil Rights Division and prosecutors was announced Monday . Both had said in January that they were monitoring prosecutions of hate crimes against Latinos in Suffolk County . In November , seven teenagers were arrested in connection with what authorities said was the racially motivated stabbing death of 37-year-old Marcelo Lucero of Patchogue , New York . All seven were charged with gang assault , and the alleged leader of the attack was charged with manslaughter . Lucero 's death drew national attention . "  We became involved because we thought that the charges filed originally by the police department did not meet with the facts of the case , " said Cesar Perales , president and general counsel of New York-based LatinoJustice PRLDEF : specifically , that the youths were not charged with murder . LatinoJustice PRLDEF , founded in the early 1970s as the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund , petitioned the Justice Department to investigate Suffolk County police . Lucero 's stabbing also prompted the Southern Poverty Law Center to undertake an investigation in Suffolk County . After four months of research and interviews with more than 70 Latino immigrants , 30 local religious leaders , human rights activists , community organizers and small business owners , the center said in a report last month that a pattern of ethnic intolerance was clear . "  The Lucero murder , while the worst of the violence so far , was hardly an isolated incident , " the report said . "  Latino immigrants in Suffolk County are regularly harassed , taunted , and pelted with objects hurled from cars . They are frequently run off the road while riding bicycles , and many report being beaten with baseball bats and other objects . Their houses and apartments are egged , spray-painted with racial epithets and riddled with bullets in drive-by shootings . " In its report , the center cited hostile statements and policies issued by local officials -- including County Executive Steve Levy , the county 's top elected official -- and county legislators as evidence that discriminatory attitudes are institutionalized . The organization also found what it called a trend of "  racial profiling , selective enforcement and outright bullying , " specifically in the Suffolk County Police Department . "  We were told stories that are absolutely hair-raising , " said Mark Potok , director of the law center 's Intelligence Project and editor of the report . Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer said law center researchers did not speak with him during the course of their investigation . "  I have to be honest with you , " he said . "  The Southern Poverty Law Center is a very prestigious organization , very well-known . They have done good work over the years , but to be honest with you , this is sloppy work . Many of the allegations are incorrect and inaccurate . " In January , hate-crime charges were extended against the seven teens charged in Lucero 's death to include other assaults on Latino men . "  When these defendants were indicted for their specific roles in the murder of Marcelo Lucero , most of the defendants admitted they had committed other attacks targeting Hispanic victims , a practice they described as ` beaner hopping , ' " Suffolk County District Attorney Thomas Spota said in a statement at the time . Justice Department spokesman Alejandro Miyas said the department hopes police will cooperate with the inquiry and work with investigators . "  We will study their practices and see if there 's anything there that constitutes a violation , " he said . "  We welcome the chance to sit down with the DOJ and U.S. attorney 's office , " Dormer said . "  It gives us the chance to dispel a lot of the myths of how we report and investigate hate crimes in Suffolk County . " "  We have very good relationship with our minority community , " Dormer said . "  We 're very proud of the way the police department interacts with our minority communities . "	Investigation will look for evidence of such practices in Suffolk County , New York Seven teens were arrested in Hispanic man 's slaying in November Law center report found clear pattern of intolerance Police commissioner says allegations are "  incorrect and inaccurate "
POTTSVILLE , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- A fomer Pennsylvania high school football player was acquitted of murder Friday in the beating death of a Mexican immigrant last summer . Luis Ramirez died of blunt force injuries after a confrontation with a group of Pennsylania teens . However , a Schuylkill County jury found Brandon Piekarsky and Derrick Donchak guilty of simple assault stemming from the death of Luis Ramirez , who died of blunt force injuries to the head after a fight with the defendants and their friends . Donchak , 19 , was also found guilty of providing alcohol to the group of teens that encountered Ramirez the night of July 12 on a residential street in the rural mining town of Shenandoah . Both teens were acquitted of ethnic intimidation charges . Prosecutors alleged the teens baited the undocumented Mexican immigrant into a fight with racial epithets , provoking an exchange of punches and kicks that ended with Ramirez convulsing in the street , foaming from the mouth . He died two days later in a hospital in Danville . Piekarsky , 17 , had faced a charge of third-degree murder for allegedly delivering a fatal kick to Ramirez 's head after he was knocked to the ground . He also was found not guilty of ethnic intimidation , aggravated assault and attempting to solicit a cover-up . An all-white jury of six men and six women heard from several prosecution witnesses , including a juvenile co-defendant and another teen who pleaded guilty in federal court for his role in the fight . While the jury heard conflicting accounts about who initiated the encounter or delivered the final kick to Ramirez 's head , defense lawyers attempted to place the blame on another co-defendant , who is facing charges in juvenile court , and Colin Walsh , who has pleaded guilty to violating Ramirez 's civil rights . The juvenile admitted on the stand to shouting "  go home you Mexican -LSB- expletive -RSB- " after the first fight dispersed , prompting Ramirez to turn back and attack him . The juvenile 's testimony was corroborated by Walsh , who admitted to punching Ramirez and knocking him to the ground after he charged the juvenile . Both witnesses said Piekarsky delivered the final blow to Ramirez 's head while he was on the ground , but others testified that they could n't be certain who had actually kicked him . The incident drew national attention to the small town of Shenandoah , highlighting issues of race relations . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Teens acquitted of murder , aggravated assault , ethnic intimidation NEW : Brandon Piekarsky and Derrick Donchak convicted of simple assault Schuylkill County prosecutors alleged the beating was racially motivated Incident drew national attention to rural mining town of Shenandoah , Pennsylvania
CNN  -- After a hole-in-one at the KLM Open in Amsterdam , golfer Andy Sullivan has won a prize that is truly out of this world . The Englishman , who found the cup with his tee shot on the 15th hole , bagged himself a flight into space courtesy of a Dutch aerospace company . XCOR Aerospace pledged a 62-minute space flight to any player who could card a hole-in-one at the 15th at the Kennemer Golf and Country Club . The trip is valued at between $ 95,000 and $ 115,000 . "  My caddie just shouted to me , ` we 're going to space ' . I was in hysterics . It 's just an unreal experience . I did n't play great through the round and then I hit a shot like that , " Sullivan told the European Tour 's official website . Before boldly going where no professional golfer has gone before , Sullivan needs to run the idea by his wife . "  I 'm not sure if I 'll go , I 'll check with the missus , " said Sullivan . "  I 'm not great with heights or flying ! I might have to pluck up some coverage . I do n't think spaceman is a new nickname for me . "  My daughter will think I 'm the best dad in the world -- a professional golfer and an astronaut , she 's got the best dad in the world ! I 'm going to have to pluck up some serious courage , but it is a once in a lifetime experience , so I 'm going to have to do it . "	English golfer wins trip into space after hole-in-one Andy Sullivan offered the flight after finding the cup at the KLM Open Dutch company XCOR Aerospace behind the prize
CNN  -- A stunning 30-yard strike from Andrea Pirlo sealed victory for AC Milan over Parma on Saturday night . The 1-0 win sends the 17-time Italian champions top of the league , one point ahead of rivals Inter and Lazio who both play Sunday . The winning margin could have been bigger had Zlatan Ibrahimovic converted one of several chances that came his way , but Pirlo 's curling effort in the 25th minute was enough for Milan to claim all three points . Defeat for Parma -- their third this season in the league -- leaves them in 16th place and in danger of slipping into the bottom three after Sunday 's matches have been completed . Bottom-placed Udinese recorded their first win of the season when Mehdi Benatia scored in the third minute of second half injury time to beat Cesena 1-0 . In Spain , Valencia beat Athletic Bilbao 2-1 to maintain their unbeaten run in this season 's La Liga . Aritz Aduriz 's opened the scoring for the home team in the 11th minute with substitute Vicente all but sealing victory in injury time . Igor Gabilondo scored from a free-kick two minutes later but Valencia held on for the win . The result puts them four points ahead of their nearest rivals Villarreal and Barcelona at the top of the table . French striker Florent Sinama Pongolle scored twice in the space of five minutes as 10-man Real Zaragoza came from two behind to salvage a draw 2-2 at home to Sporting Gijon . Pongolle , on loan from Portuguese side Sporting Lisbon , struck in the 56th and 61st minute to cancel out an own goal from Ivan Obradovic in the first half and a penalty from Gijon winger Diego Castro in the 49th minute . The penalty was awarded after Zaragoza 's Jiri Jarosik brought down Diego Barral in the penalty area , and was shown a red card . Zaragoza remain bottom of the table , while Sporting Gijon move up to 17th place . In La Liga 's other Saturday fixture , Real Sociedad beat Espanyol 1-0 at home . The win came courtesy of an own goal by Argentine centre-back Juan Forlin in the 85th minute . Third-placed Barcelona host Real Mallorca on Sunday , Real Madrid will entertain Deportivo La Coruna . Villarreal face Racing Santander .	AC Milan beat Parma 1-0 to go top of Serie A on Saturday night Udinese record their first win of the season beating Cesena 1-0 In Spain , Valencia beat Bilbao 2-1 , Real Zaragoza draw 2-2 with Sporting Gijon
Editor 's note : Jeffrey A. Miron is senior lecturer in economics at Harvard University . A Libertarian , he was one of 166 academic economists who signed a letter to congressional leaders last week opposing the government bailout plan . Economist Jeffrey Miron says the bailout plan presented to Congress was the wrong solution to the crisis CAMBRIDGE , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Congress has balked at the Bush administration 's proposed $ 700 billion bailout of Wall Street . Under this plan , the Treasury would have bought the "  troubled assets " of financial institutions in an attempt to avoid economic meltdown . This bailout was a terrible idea . Here 's why . The current mess would never have occurred in the absence of ill-conceived federal policies . The federal government chartered Fannie Mae in 1938 and Freddie Mac in 1970 ; these two mortgage lending institutions are at the center of the crisis . The government implicitly promised these institutions that it would make good on their debts , so Fannie and Freddie took on huge amounts of excessive risk . Worse , beginning in 1977 and even more in the 1990s and the early part of this century , Congress pushed mortgage lenders and Fannie/Freddie to expand subprime lending . The industry was happy to oblige , given the implicit promise of federal backing , and subprime lending soared . This subprime lending was more than a minor relaxation of existing credit guidelines . This lending was a wholesale abandonment of reasonable lending practices in which borrowers with poor credit characteristics got mortgages they were ill-equipped to handle . Once housing prices declined and economic conditions worsened , defaults and delinquencies soared , leaving the industry holding large amounts of severely depreciated mortgage assets . The fact that government bears such a huge responsibility for the current mess means any response should eliminate the conditions that created this situation in the first place , not attempt to fix bad government with more government . The obvious alternative to a bailout is letting troubled financial institutions declare bankruptcy . Bankruptcy means that shareholders typically get wiped out and the creditors own the company . Bankruptcy does not mean the company disappears ; it is just owned by someone new  as has occurred with several airlines  . Bankruptcy punishes those who took excessive risks while preserving those aspects of a businesses that remain profitable . In contrast , a bailout transfers enormous wealth from taxpayers to those who knowingly engaged in risky subprime lending . Thus , the bailout encourages companies to take large , imprudent risks and count on getting bailed out by government . This "  moral hazard " generates enormous distortions in an economy 's allocation of its financial resources . Thoughtful advocates of the bailout might concede this perspective , but they argue that a bailout is necessary to prevent economic collapse . According to this view , lenders are not making loans , even for worthy projects , because they can not get capital . This view has a grain of truth ; if the bailout does not occur , more bankruptcies are possible and credit conditions may worsen for a time . Talk of Armageddon , however , is ridiculous scare-mongering . If financial institutions can not make productive loans , a profit opportunity exists for someone else . This might not happen instantly , but it will happen . Further , the current credit freeze is likely due to Wall Street 's hope of a bailout ; bankers will not sell their lousy assets for 20 cents on the dollar if the government might pay 30 , 50 , or 80 cents . The costs of the bailout , moreover , are almost certainly being understated . The administration 's claim is that many mortgage assets are merely illiquid , not truly worthless , implying taxpayers will recoup much of their $ 700 billion . If these assets are worth something , however , private parties should want to buy them , and they would do so if the owners would accept fair market value . Far more likely is that current owners have brushed under the rug how little their assets are worth . The bailout has more problems . The final legislation will probably include numerous side conditions and special dealings that reward Washington lobbyists and their clients . Anticipation of the bailout will engender strategic behavior by Wall Street institutions as they shuffle their assets and position their balance sheets to maximize their take . The bailout will open the door to further federal meddling in financial markets . So what should the government do ? Eliminate those policies that generated the current mess . This means , at a general level , abandoning the goal of home ownership independent of ability to pay . This means , in particular , getting rid of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , along with policies like the Community Reinvestment Act that pressure banks into subprime lending . The right view of the financial mess is that an enormous fraction of subprime lending should never have occurred in the first place . Someone has to pay for that . That someone should not be , and does not need to be , the U.S. taxpayer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Jeffrey Miron : Government encouraged lenders to relax their standards Mortgages were given to people unqualified to repay them , he says Miron : Rather than a bailout , government should let firms go bankrupt Talk of economic Armageddon is scare-mongering , Miron says
CNN  -- Self-defense or murder ? That 's the question at the heart of the trial of George Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer who killed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin . Monday marked the start of jury selection in Seminole County , Florida , where Martin was fatally shot on February 26 , 2012 . The shooting put a national spotlight on Zimmerman 's hometown of Sanford and sparked fresh debates about race relations and gun laws in America . Zimmerman is Hispanic ; Martin was African-American . An initial decision not to pursue charges against Zimmerman led to the dismissal of the town 's police chief and the appointment of a special prosecutor , who accused the neighborhood watch volunteer of unjustly profiling and killing Martin . Zimmerman now faces a second-degree murder charge in Martin 's death . He has pleaded not guilty and is currently free on $ 1 million bond . Attorney : No imminent plans to put Zimmerman on stand "  We do n't need you to do that " Prosecutors and defense attorneys agree on almost nothing about what happened that day . What 's clear so far is this : Martin left the home of his father 's girlfriend in Sanford to get a snack at a nearby convenience store . As he walked back , carrying some candy and a soft drink , he and Zimmerman crossed paths . Earlier , Zimmerman had called 911 to report a suspicious person in the neighborhood . A recording of that call includes a police dispatcher asking the volunteer , "  Are you following him ? " "  Yeah , " Zimmerman replied . "  OK , we do n't need you to do that , " the dispatcher said . Zimmerman says he killed Martin , who was wearing a hoodie , in self-defense after the teen punched him and slammed his head on the sidewalk . He suffered a fractured nose and cuts to the back of his head , according to a medical report by Zimmerman 's family doctor . Sanford police initially questioned Zimmerman and released him without charges . They said then there were no grounds to disprove his account that he 'd acted to protect himself . The case soon became the center of a national controversy , which continues some 16 months later , though at a lower intensity . His family has said Zimmerman profiled the teen and crossed the line from neighborhood watch volunteer to vigilante . Benjamin Crump , an attorney for Martin 's family , has gone further , accusing Zimmerman of murdering Martin "  in cold blood . " Experts : Ca n't tell who is screaming in 911 calls "  In the fight of his life " According to Crump , Martin was on the phone with his 16-year-old girlfriend shortly before the shooting . The girl , who wishes to remain anonymous , says she heard someone ask Martin what he was doing and heard Martin ask why the person was following him . She then got the impression there was an altercation , during which an earpiece fell out of Martin 's ear and the connection went dead , Crump said . Neighbors reported hearing gunfire . Zimmerman recently waived his right to a pretrial hearing under Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , which allows people to use deadly force when threatened regardless of where they are . His lawyers will claim self-defense . Zimmerman himself could testify at trial . Defense attorney Mark O'Mara said he has no imminent plans to ask for a change of venue and would only do so if lawyers ca n't select a suitable jury . As jury selection began Monday , 21 potential jurors were brought into the courtroom . Four of them -- three women and one man -- were interviewed individually by attorneys , but there were no indications how either side felt about any of the potential jurors . From that group of 21 , one person was dismissed . The same group of 20 will be back on Tuesday for more individual questioning . "  If we can pick a jury in Seminole County , this is where the incident occurred and this is where the case should be decided , " O'Mara told HLN 's Jean Casarez . He also said the George Zimmerman defense fund has raised $ 85,000 in the past week and a half . Media coverage of the case is expected to be intense . The case garnered so much attention that about a month after the shooting , President Barack Obama spoke about it , saying the shooting required "  soul-searching . " Zimmerman 's brother , Robert , has called on the state to drop the charges . "  George lived in a community plagued by crime and was the first to come forward to help his neighbors , " Robert Zimmerman said last month . "  George is a good , decent and honest man . It is now my honor to advocate for him . George is in the fight of his life quite literally . " Authorities initially "  did their job when they refused to charge someone with a crime who committed no crime , " he said . "  In this country , you do n't charge someone why any crime solely to assuage the concerns of the misinformed masses . " Gun , drug texts feature in new shooting evidence CNN 's Vivian Kuo and HLNtv.com 's Colette Bennett contributed to this report .	NEW : Jury selection in the trial of George Zimmerman started Monday He faces a murder charge in the death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin Defense attorneys say Zimmerman acted in self-defense The case has sparked protests and ignited a national debate about race and gun laws
CNN  -- Pat Robertson , the evangelical Christian who once suggested God was punishing Americans with Hurricane Katrina , says a "  pact to the devil " brought on the devastating earthquake in Haiti . Officials fear more than 100,000 people have died as a result of Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake in Haiti . Robertson , the host of the "  700 Club , " blamed the tragedy on something that "  happened a long time ago in Haiti , and people might not want to talk about it . " The Haitians "  were under the heel of the French . You know , Napoleon III and whatever , " Robertson said on his broadcast Wednesday . "  And they got together and swore a pact to the devil . They said , ` We will serve you if you will get us free from the French . ' True story . And so , the devil said , ` OK , it 's a deal . ' " Native Haitians defeated French colonists in 1804 and declared independence . "  You know , the Haitians revolted and got themselves free . But ever since , they have been cursed by one thing after the other . " Robertson has previously linked natural disasters and terrorist attacks to legalized abortion in the United States . Soon after Hurricane Katrina ravaged the Gulf Coast , killing more than 1,800 and wreaking unprecedented devastation on New Orleans , Louisiana , Robertson weighed in with his own theory . "  We have killed over 40 million unborn babies in America , " Robertson said on his September 12 , 2005 , broadcast of "  700 Club . " "  I was reading , yesterday , a book that was very interesting about what God has to say in the Old Testament about those who shed innocent blood . And he -LSB- the author -RSB- used the term that those who do this , ` the land will vomit you out . ' ... But have we found we are unable somehow to defend ourselves against some of the attacks that are coming against us , either by terrorists or now by natural disaster ? Could they be connected in some way ? "	Robertson says native Haitians made deal with the devil for freedom from France Robertson is evangelical Christian who has made similar comparisons He once suggested God was punishing Americans with Hurricane Katrina
CNN  -- For more than a year , the spacecraft Kepler has been combing the vastness of space looking for Earth-like planets . On Thursday , NASA scientists will share news of what they are calling the "  discovery of an intriguing planetary system . " Since its launch on March 6 , 2009 , the space observatory has recorded tiny blips from more than 150,000 stars . If a planet happens to cross -- or transit -- in front of a star , the star dims in brightness . That is how Kepler determines it may have come across a planet . In June , NASA announced that the space observatory had identified more than 700 planet candidates , including five solar systems that had more than one transiting planet . But scientists need to examine further to make sure it is indeed a planet that is crossing in front of a star , and not another orbiting star .	The Kepler observatory has been recording blips from 150,000 stars The stars dim in brightness if a planet crosses in front of them So far , Kepler has identified more than 700 planet candidates
Washington  CNN  ISIS is a problem that is "  off the charts historically " and has sent the United States into "  uncharted territory " when it comes to putting down the terror group , the Obama administration 's point man in the fight recently told CNN . The comments , which Brett McGurk made in an exclusive interview , were some of the administration 's strongest to date in describing the challenge the United States and its allies face in battling ISIS . "  This is a problem that is off the charts historically , " he said , referring to the more than 20,000 foreign fighters who have gone into Syria . "  Just put that into perspective : It 's about twice the number that went into Afghanistan in the 1980s over a 10-year period to fight the Soviet Union , and those came really from only a handful of countries . " He concluded , "  We 're in unchartered territory here . " McGurk just returned from an urgent summit of coalition nations held in Jordan . Last week , Canada became the latest nation to conduct airstrikes against ISIS over Syria . The United States now lists 62 countries in the coalition . As the U.S.-led coalition has focused attention on Iraq and Syria , ISIS has expanded its reach to Libya , Egypt and Yemen , often with existing extremist groups pledging allegiance to the militants . McGurk did not rule out expanding U.S. military action beyond Iraq and Syria to combat the increasing regional threat . "  We have a lot of tools to protect ourselves and our national security interests , some of which are military tools , " he said . "  Of course we apply those tools when the president determines and our chain of command makes the recommendation that that is the right thing to do . " The United States has also been stepping up efforts to involve Sunni groups in the fight against ISIS . To date , that involvement has been extremely limited as Sunni tribes see Shiite militias , many with horrendous human rights records , take the lead . But McGurk said that Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi is making progress getting Sunni tribes to support a planned Iraqi offensive against ISIS in Anbar province in the coming weeks . He stressed the importance of working with al-Abadi , noting that the Iraqi leader was in Anbar province last week handing out more than 1,000 AK-47s to tribal fighters who are going to join the Iraqi security forces . "  We are helping to enable and train  them  as they begin to go on the offensive over the coming weeks and months in Anbar , " McGurk said . "  They put out this very perverse , twisted vision , and it 's very attractive to a lot of young men around the world , " he acknowledged . "  But in fact , what the foreign fighters are finding in Syria and Iraq is that they 're more likely to get killed in Iraq and Syria , and in fact , instead of getting a slave bride as ISIS leaders promise them , they 're more likely to get killed by a female Peshmerga fighter in the streets of Kobani . " That bottom line , he assessed , could turn the tide : "  The foreign fighters are learning the reality of what it 's like when they go to join this twisted version of a caliphate , and I think we 're going to see those networks begin to dry up . "	Obama 's point man in ISIS fight does n't rule out U.S. military action beyond Iraq and Syria Brett McGurk : Iraqi leader making progress with Sunni tribes in planned Anbar offensive
CNN  -- Evidence in the case of a Michigan boy who vanished for nearly two weeks before turning up in his father 's basement will not be turned over to prosecutors until at least next week , authorities said Wednesday . The information being presented to Detroit prosecutors includes allegations that the 12-year-old boy , Charlie Bothuell , made to county child welfare authorities . Sgt. Michael Woody had earlier said the evidence could be handed over as early as Wednesday . The agency opened an investigation of the family June 23 after FBI agents looking into the boy 's disappearance interviewed his grandmother . That same day , the boy 's father allegedly told investigators that he used a PVC pipe to discipline him , leaving a scar on the boy 's chest , according to a petition filed with the Wayne County Department of Health & Human Services . There was blood on the pipe , and old scars on the boy 's buttocks , the petition said . The timing of the injuries is unclear , police said . "  We are close to getting ready to submit our package to prosecutors , " police Sgt. Michael Woody told CNN , adding the evidence could be turned over Wednesday . The Wayne County Prosecutor 's Office will decide whether criminal charges will be filed . Mark Magidson , an attorney for the boy 's father and stepmother , did not immediately return calls Wednesday seeking comment . Charlie Bothuell IV told authorities his son ran away after being scolded for not exercising or doing his chores . The FBI interviewed the boy as part of the investigation . The petition quoted the boy 's grandmother as saying that he appeared thin and sickly when she last saw him . "  He had marks all over his arms and chest , " the grandmother is quoted as saying . The FBI declined comment beyond acknowledging that agents met with the child . Charles Bothuell IV , and stepmother , Monique , have two other children . Both were taken into protective custody , investigators said . The child 's father is not allowed to have any contact with Charlie while the investigation continues . The boy was discovered June 25 in the basement of his father 's home , behind a barricade after numerous searches of the home in the days following his disappearance on June 14 . Police said the boy had snacks and a sports drink in the basement . He told police his stepmother allegedly told him to hide there and "  not to come out , no matter what he hears , " according to court petition . Charlie Bothuell IV learned his son was found during a taped interview last week with HLN 's Nancy Grace , when he said he no idea the boy was in the basement . The boy 's stepmother , charged with an unrelated probation violation involving a gun , pleaded not guilty in that case . A lie detector test taken by the father was inconclusive , police said . The boy 's stepmother declined to take a polygraph . The tests are not permitted to be used as evidence at trial . Charlie is staying with relatives , police said . Michigan investigators talk with boy about basement ordeal In Georgia : Parents lock son in basement for ` disciplinary reasons '	Police turning over evidence to prosecutors next week in case of missing Michigan boy Information includes allegations the 12-year-old boy made to child welfare authorities Charlie Bothuell was found in basement of his father 's home Document says father allegedly used a PVC pipe to discipline boy ; no charges have been filed
CNN  -- Country music legend Dolly Parton on Thursday announced her company is in a partnership to open a new theme park in Nashville . The new 50/50 joint venture between Gaylord Entertainment Co. and Dollywood will be developed on a 114-acre site for a family entertainment zone across from the Gaylord Opryland Resort and Convention Convention Center . Phase I of the $ 50 million project will be a water and snow park . Groundbreaking is anticipated late this year or in early 2013 , with the park 's opening slated for summer of 2014 . Parton , who turned 66 on Thursday , told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin that "  we are going to be bringing more family entertainment into Nashville . " The Dollywood company will serve as the project 's operating partner and will employ 450 full - and part-time employees , Parton said . The park will provide a mix of high-energy water activities for the summer season and designated snow activities for winter play . The first-year attendance is projected to be a half-million . The park will be similar to the Snow Mountain attraction at Stone Mountain Park near Atlanta , according to CNN affiliate WKRN . "  Tourism is the second-largest industry in Tennessee , generating more than a billion dollars in tax revenue annually and employing more than 170,000 Tennesseans , " Gov. Bill Haslam said in a statement . "  This project will be a welcome addition to the wide variety of attractions and destinations across our great state , and I applaud the collaboration and spirit that has led to this announcement . " "  We are thrilled by the prospect of bringing to Nashville a family focused entertainment center with one of the pre-eminent theme park owners and operators in the country , " said Colin V. Reed , chairman and chief executive officer , for Gaylord Entertainment . An additional 35 acres will be reserved for future developments .	Dollywood , Gaylord Entertainment launching new theme park in Nashville Phase I will be a water and snow park for "  family entertainment , " Parton tells CNN The project will create 450 full - and part-time jobs , Parton says
CNN  -- For those of us who remember a time when many families did n't have color TV , a remote control or even video games , hearing the theme song from "  The Patty Duke Show " -- "  They 're cousins / Identical cousins , all the way " -- takes us back to black-and-white television sets and split-screen special effects . Patty Duke says she has many fond memories of working on "  The Patty Duke Show . " "  Back then it was very crude , how we did split-screen , " star Patty Duke said of playing the dual roles of Patty and Cathy Lane in the show , which was developed specifically for her . "  Now with all-digital applications , it looks antique . But the show 's values are still what we want to impart on our children . " The first complete season of "  The Patty Duke Show , " from 1963 to 1964 , is now out on DVD . Duke told CNN that she 's excited her five granddaughters will finally be able to see what "  Nana did when she was a teenager . " "  I am tickled , just tickled , " she said . In the sitcom , which ran for three seasons on ABC , Patty was a rambunctious teenager who always managed to find herself in some kind of trouble ; cousin Cathy was a demure , worldly Scottish teenager who came to New York to live with the Lane family to finish her schooling . Duke , who was not quite 17 when the series began , says it took a lot of energy to play two different characters . She preferred the quieter Cathy , "  because I thought she was dignified and gentle and rational . When it was time to be Patty , I would have to deal with my embarrassment of her stupidity . " Duke was already a successful actor by the time the sitcom debuted , winning an Oscar for 1962 's "  The Miracle Worker " just months before the show premiered . But she describes herself as sheltered . "  I was a very isolated teenager . When it came time to do some of the school dances -LSB- on the show -RSB- , they had to bring in real teenagers to teach me how , " she says . "  I did n't know the dances , did n't know the music . " She says , however , the show was a relief during what were troubled times for her . She wrote about her tormented childhood in her autobiography , "  Call Me Anna , " discussing her struggles with mental abuse at the hands of her managers , which she says led to alcohol and drug addiction . She was later diagnosed with bipolar disorder , and she now helps others who have the disease . "  I believe that show -LSB- gave me -RSB- the tools that helped me survive through my youth until I got my diagnosis , " Duke said . "  I think ` tormenting ' is one of the most perfect words for what you feel -LSB- with bipolar disorder -RSB- , because you have no control over it . I did occasionally , very occasionally , hear voices , but mostly my instincts were messed up : If it was dangerous , then I should do it . " The show , she said , "  was where I went for safety . " "  It was a troubled time on the personal level , but the show was never troubled , " she said . She speaks fondly of her co-stars , especially William Schallert , who played her father , Martin Lane . "  He has always been able to make me laugh until I had to spit up , " she said of the now 87-year-old actor . "  He was also a solid , solid figure to me and still is . To this day , the relationship has grown , and he is always there for me . " She remains close to the other surviving members of the cast , including Paul O'Keefe , who played her brother . Jean Byron , who played mother Natalie Lane , died three years ago . Duke was able to transition from child star to adult actor of stage and screen , and she even had a hit single , 1965 's "  Do n't Just Stand There . " After "  The Patty Duke Show , " she played a drug-addicted alcoholic singer in "  Valley of the Dolls " and won an Emmy for the TV movie "  My Sweet Charlie . " To date , Duke has won one Academy Award , three Emmys and two Golden Globes . Duke is also acting onstage in the musical "  Wicked " in San Francisco , California . She plays the witch Madame Morrible , and though she finds the energy for eight shows a week a challenge , she loves the theater . "  To me , it is almost a religious experience , the exchange between those strangers out there in the dark and us , " she said . "  To me , that 's communication at its best , and that 's really what I enjoy . " Duke says she lets little faze her . "  I 've gotten to the age where I 'm comfortable with just about everything -- except getting old ! " she said . Even there , she 's willing to look at the situation without blinking . She teamed up with the Social Security Administration to do public service announcements encouraging seniors to sign up online -- using her old "  Patty Duke Show " characters . "  On a positive side , I know about acceptance , " she says . "  What 's negative for me is all very superficial . The incredible lines in my face . " But she says the wisdom that comes with aging -- and , of course , maintaining a sense of humor -- helps her deal with that . "  Without a sense of humor , " she said , "  I would have been gone a long time ago . " Patty Lane works for CNN Radio -- and yes , that is her real name .	First season of "  The Patty Duke Show " out on DVD In program , Duke played identical cousins Patty and Cathy Lane Duke remembers show as haven during tough times as teenager Actress later was diagnosed as bipolar ; she now helps people who have disease
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- At least 59 people were killed and more than 200 others injured early Thursday after a fire broke out at an upscale Bangkok nightclub where about 1,000 revelers were ringing in the new year , Thai police said . Rescue officials survey the scene of the nightclub fire in Bangkok , Thailand . Most of the victims died from smoke inhalation or were trampled in a rush to get out of the club . Thirty bodies have been identified : 29 Thai nationals and one Singaporean , according to police . The fire began at the nightclub Santika about 12:35 a.m. , police said . Rescue officials said 226 others were injured , including several foreigners . Two Americans were injured in the blaze , a U.S. State Department official said . The official did not release the victims ' names or the extent of their injuries but said the department was in contact with them . Steven Hall , a British national who was hurt in the fire , told CNN that flames began to spread along the ceiling above the stage where a band and DJ were performing . But some people appeared to believe that it was part of the performance . "  At the same time there were people rushing to get out , there were other people who seemed to be lacking a sense of urgency and did n't seem to realize what was going on , " Hall said . The blaze started near a stage where fireworks were being used as part of a performance on the club 's closing night , said police Maj. Gen. Chokchai Deeprasertwit . Watch the fire engulf the building " "  It may have been caused from sparks , but we do n't know if it was sparks from guests or from the nightclub 's countdown display on the nightclub stage , " he said . iReport.com : Eyewitness captures scene of deadly aftermath Hall said his wife escaped ahead of him , but he got caught in a crowd . "  The lights went out , and at that moment , my back started burning , and I was breathing in hot air , " he said . Watch Steven Hall describe his experience " British citizen Andrew Jones said he was celebrating in the area when he walked up on the fire . He said he saw victims being rushed out on stretchers and spoke to witnesses , including a fellow Briton who saw fireworks being lit onstage . "  He immediately ran out of the building , but immediately when he 'd done that , the lights went out , and he could n't see , " Jones said . The club is in one of Bangkok 's busiest commercial districts . Its Web site features images of bands and DJs performing on both indoor and outdoor stages , and says that it "  innovatively blends the comfort of nature with the excitement of the Bangkok nightlife . " The site advertises the club 's New Year 's party , which was named "  Goodbye Santika . " CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Thai police say that 59 died in nightclub fire , another 226 injured Fireworks were used as part of a performance , authorities say Most of those who died suffered smoke inhalation or were trampled , authorities say Club is located in one of Bangkok 's busiest commercial districts
CNN  -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela , at home after a long hospital stay , is alert and playing with his grandchildren , his granddaughter Zaziwe Manaway told CNN exclusively Friday . Mandela , 94 , is aware of social media rumors that he 's close to death , Manaway said . Read more : Nelson Mandela discharged from the hospital "  That is absolutely not true . My grandfather is well , " she said . "  It can be very , very hurtful for us to hear these messages out there in the social media that our grandfather is going to go home to die . It is insensitive . " Mandela is revered in his country , CNN 's Robyn Curnow writes , because he reminds South Africans of how far they have come . The former president embodies the South Africa that was promised in the election of 1994 , and many South Africans worry that their country no longer reflects the democratic ideals Mandela spent his life advocating . Fast facts about Mandela Manaway said she wants to appeal to people spreading rumors to stop , and to be more sensitive to the family and to Mandela , a global icon of peace and South Africa 's defeat of apartheid . "  My grandfather still wakes up in the morning  and  reads the newspaper , " the 35-year-old said . "  So he is also aware of what is being said around him . " Mandela was treated for an acute respiratory infection in 2011 . He was hospitalized for a lung infection on December 8 , and on December 15 , he underwent surgery for removal of gallstones . Because Mandela is in his 90s , it 's understandable that "  once in a while , he needs medical care and medical attention , " another granddaughter , 33-year-old Swati Dlamini , told CNN . "  And we 're very grateful he 's surrounded by the best medical team . He 's very well taken care of , and he 's very comfortable , and he 's very happy . " On Wednesday , a spokesman for South African President Jacob Zuma told media that Mandela had been discharged from the hospital and would continue receiving treatment at his home in Houghton . He 's received well wishes from around the globe , his granddaughters said . "  We 'd just like to thank the whole world for sending us messages and keeping us in their prayers , " Manaway said . "  We know that people worry and we know that people are concerned , " Dlamini said . "  But , you know , we 'd just like people to know that he 's doing very well and he 's in good spirits and he 's very cheerful . " Mandela has not made a public appearance since the 2010 World Cup hosted in his country . In 2011 , South Africans got a rare glimpse of him when he voted in local municipal elections at his home in Johannesburg . Mandela 's life in pictures There 's been secrecy surrounding his health . "  He has every right to his privacy , " Dlamini said . "  As the family , we call on people and urge people to give us the privacy to deal with whatever we 're going through as a family in private . " "  I think people need to remember that my grandfather played a huge role -- and not only him , many other South Africans played a huge role -- to get us where we are now , " she added . "  My grandfather said this when he was resigning from public life -- it is now  up  to South Africans to take this country forward , that a legacy like his should be carried by as many people as possible . " Dlamini said she is telling her children about their great-grandfather 's life . He was the president from 1994 to 1999 , making him the first president chosen in a democratic election and the country 's first black president . In his younger years , he fought against apartheid and was sentenced to life in prison for his activism . He spent 27 years behind bars and was released in 1990 . Mandela was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 . "  He 's always dedicated his life to the struggle , " Dlamini said . "  For our children to be able to spend time with him now ... they can sit on his lap and hear stories from him . It 's great ; something we did n't have growing up . " On Mandela 's birthday in July this year , former U.S. President Bill Clinton reflected on the conversations the two have had . Mandela kept his wife and daughter in mind , Clinton said . "  He did n't call me a single time , not once , when he did n't ask about Hillary  Clinton  and Chelsea , " Clinton said of their conversations during the time both were in office . "  If it was n't too late , he 'd ask me to go get Chelsea , bring her to the phone , ask about her homework . " Clinton said the anti-apartheid icon never lost touch with his humanity . "  I saw in him something that I try not to lose in myself , which is no matter how much responsibility you have , " Clinton said , "  he remembered you were a person first . " Read more : South Africa launches banknotes with Mandela image CNN 's Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	Nelson Mandela is doing well at home , his granddaughters tell CNN They say Mandela is aware of rumors on social media that he is close to death He and his family want the rumors to stop
CNN  -- Eunice Kennedy Shriver , sister of President Kennedy , is in critical but stable condition in a Massachusetts hospital with her family at her side , her family said Friday . Eunice Kennedy Shriver speaks at a dinner in honor of the Special Olympics in July 2006 . Members of her family flew in to Cape Cod Hospital to be with the 88-year-old , including California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , the husband of her daughter , Maria Shriver , a source told CNN . No further information on her condition was immediately available . The sister of President Kennedy , Bobby Kennedy and Sen. Ted Kennedy , Shriver is renowned in her own right as the founder and honorary chairwoman of the Special Olympics , which helps 3 million people with intellectual disabilities in nearly 200 countries around the world . "  The Special Olympics movement is saddened to hear that our founder , Eunice Kennedy Shriver , is hospitalized . Our thoughts and prayers are with Mrs. Shriver and her family at this time , " organization President Brady Lum said in a statement Friday . "  Every day , our Special Olympics family continues to work tirelessly around the world to bring her powerful vision to life to change the lives of people with intellectual disabilities , using sports as the catalyst for respect , acceptance and inclusion , " he said . The Special Olympics grew from Camp Shriver , a summer day camp begun in 1962 in her backyard , where people with intellectual disabilities could explore their capabilities in a variety of sports and physical activities , according to the organization 's Web site .	"  Our thoughts and prayers are with Mrs. Shriver , " Special Olympics head says Family flies in to be at her side Shriver is sister of President Kennedy , Bobby Kennedy and Sen. Ted Kennedy She is the founder and honorary chairwoman of the Special Olympics
For many years , it was a rite of fall . You moved into your dorm room or new apartment . You started unpacking the car . And the first thing you set up in your new place was the stereo system : receiver , turntable or CD player , tape deck and speakers . The wires could get tangled , and sometimes you had to make shelving out of a stack of milk crates . But only when the music was playing on those handpicked CDs , mix tapes or  geezer alert !  vinyl records did you move in the rest of your stuff . Daniel Rubio would n't know . To the 23-year-old , new dorm rooms and new apartments have meant computers , iTunes , Pandora and miniature speakers . "  All I had to bring was my laptop . That 's pretty much what everyone had , " says Rubio , who attended Emory University in Atlanta and now works for a local marketing and communications firm . "  It was actually pretty good sound . It would get the job done . " "  Get the job done " ? That sounds like the white flag for an era that used to be measured in woofers and tweeters , watts per channel and the size of your record collection . Related : Old LPs get second life Indeed , the days of the old-fashioned component stereo system are pretty much over , says Alan Penchansky , an audiophile and former columnist for the music trade publication Billboard . "  What 's happened in the marketplace , the midmarket for audio has completely been obliterated , " he says . "  You have this high-end market that 's getting smaller all the time , and then you 've got the convenience market , which has taken over -- the MP3s , the Bluetooth devices , playing on laptops . " He wishes more people knew what they were missing . At its best , he says , audio reproduction has "  a religious aspect . " "  There 's a primacy to audio , " he says . "  It 's a form of magic . " Wires and jacks Of course , new technology changes things all the time . When was the last time you bought a roll of film for your camera ? Still , for a long time -- and for a certain , often youthful , audience -- the stereo system was a point of pride . Greg Milner , the author of the audio recording history "  Perfecting Sound Forever , " remembers the process . There were components . There were boxes of tapes and CDs . There might even be some vinyl . It could be a pain , no question . The equipment was heavy . There were all those wires , plugs and jacks -- Line In , Line Out , Aux , Phono , CD , keeping track of the positive and negative strands of speaker wire . It was an effort just to break down and set up the stuff , never mind moving it . Milner , for example , grew up in Hawaii , and when he went away to school in Minnesota , he had to figure out what he was going to do with his system . "  I remember agonizing , what do I do ? I ca n't take my stereo , " he recalls . "  There was this thing that , looking back on it , took up a ridiculous amount of psychic energy . " Audiophiles vs. AM radio However , he observes that the history of audio technology has often been one of convenience . Even in the '50s and '60s , when stereo sound first became widespread , the audiophiles had their hi-fis -- and the younger generation listened to tinny AM radios and cheap phonographs . Indeed , music styles had a lot to do with music consumption , he points out . Audiophiles listened to classical and jazz , music from clubs and concert halls . On a good system , you could hear every pluck of a violin pizzicato , every inflection of a jazz singer 's vocal , recreated in your living room . The kids , on the other hand , listened to cruder rock 'n' roll . "  The seeds of the decline of what it meant to own a stereo were planted way back then , because the original audiophiles were people who were baby boomers ' fathers and mothers , " he says . "  As rock 'n' roll starts to become more of a thing , a lot of that stuff is produced so it 's meant to be heard on AM radios . " A Phil Spector Wall of Sound production -- in glorious mono ! -- would probably have driven a hi-fi enthusiast up a wall , says Milner . The mass market moves on In the '70s and '80s , the twain did meet , for a time . Rock and pop music production techniques improved . At the same time , grown-up baby boomers , now working adults , invested in better audio equipment , all the better to listen to Steely Dan 's "  Aja . " There were whole mass-market stores devoted to audio gear -- Sound Trek , Hi-Fi Buys , Silo -- and no issue of Rolling Stone was complete without several ads for turntables , cassette decks and equalizers . But technology marched on , and so did change . Some was for the sake of convenience : Cassettes had more hiss and less range than LPs , but were more portable -- especially when listening on your handy Walkman or boombox . However , we also started focusing more on visuals . Penchansky traces the decline of the stereo system to the early '80s rise of the music video , which brought visuals to the fore . Suddenly , the concert hall in your living room -- or the audio imaging in your head -- was gone , replaced by surrealist pictures overwhelming the television 's tiny speaker . That branch of consumption has helped lead to the home theater . Penchansky has nothing against HDTVs and 7.1 systems , but believes that , for the most part , it 's a "  sonic compromise . " With a pure audio system , "  There was no way that television , even today , simulates the realism of visual experience the way  good  audio can simulate an audio experience . " Sure , technology has adjusted . New materials and processing technology have improved the sound of small and inexpensive devices , says Patrick Lavelle , president and CEO of the consumer electronics giant VOXX International , which manufactures such brands as Klipsch , Acoustic Research and Advent . Headphones and an iPod And there 's still a consumer market for good audio , adds Geir Skaaden , an executive at the high-definition audio company DTS . The top-selling products in Apple Stores , after Apple 's own devices , are headphones , he says .  DTS recently introduced technology for an immersive system called Headphone : X , intended for mobile devices . Still , convenience still rules . Which means it 's out with the component stereo system and in with the computer . That suits Rubio , the Emory graduate , fine . He grew up in a house with a component system but does n't believe he 's missing anything . "  All you need is a good pair of headphones and an iPod and that 's pretty much it , " he says . Milner , the author , ca n't question his decision . "  Now , why even bother ? " he asks . "  If you can take your entire music collection and more in something that fits in your pocket , why would you not do that ? "	For decades , the component stereo system was the way to listen to audio Now it 's all about computers and MP3 devices Has quality been lost ? Maybe -- but convenience has n't Today 's young music fan : "  All you need is a good pair of headphones and an iPod "
Washington  CNN  -- Recent remarks from a Supreme Court justice have alarmed those still pushing for an Equal Rights Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , three decades after an earlier attempt failed . Congressional supporters of such an amendment say there 's now some urgency to include the concept of equality in the document after Justice Antonin Scalia was quoted as saying "  nobody ever voted for that . " A 1972 proposal fell short of ratification by three states before its 1982 deadline . Scalia , in last month 's issue of California Lawyer magazine , said that if "  society wants to outlaw discrimination by sex , hey , we have things called legislatures . " Lawmakers responded Thursday on the East Front of the U.S. Capitol , across from the Supreme Court . "  Today , while the House is reading the Constitution , we are here to point out what is so troubling about what Justice Scalia believes , " said Rep. Carolyn Maloney , D-New York . If Scalia 's view spreads to a high court majority , Maloney said , it "  could overturn all of our body of work to protect the rights of women . " The key Senate supporter , New Jersey Democrat Robert Menendez , said three-fourths of Americans assume the Equal Rights Amendment is already part of the Constitution -- but because the measure has never been ratified by the states , "  the courts might not guarantee it , " he said . Menendez underscored the need to take action , based on the Supreme Court 's ruling in last year 's Citizens United case against business . He said the justices "  would elevate a corporate entity to have the rights of an individual , and yet say that women do not have rights as an individual under the Constitution . That is incredibly alarming . " Scalia 's remarks date to September , during an interview with a California law professor . He is quoted as saying , "  Certainly the Constitution does not require discrimination on the basis of sex . The only issue is whether it prohibits it . It does n't . " Maloney said many women 's groups have acted as if prevailing law and practices are enough to assume women have equal rights , but she noted that several prominent groups now have fresh concern . "  We have waited far too long , " said Eleanor Smeal of the Feminist Majority . "  We 've got to make sure it 's explicit in the Constitution . " Terry O'Neill , president of the National Organization for Women , held up a pocket copy of the Constitution and read part of the 14th Amendment , saying "  nor shall any state deprive any person of equal rights under the law . " "  A man in power like Antonin Scalia insists that the word person in the 14th Amendment does n't apply to half the population of the United States , " she said . Lawmakers who passed the 1972 proposal extended a seven-year deadline to 1982 , yet ratification stalled at 35 out of the needed 38 states . Supporters believe the 35 ratifications could be kept alive by Congress if and when another three states endorse that 1972 proposal . "  The three-state strategy was developed following ratification of the Constitution 's 27th Amendment in 1992 , more than 203 years after its passage by Congress in 1789 , " notes the website www.equalrightsamendment.org . The 27th Amendment blocks lawmakers from voting themselves a pay raise to take effect during the same session of Congress in which it was passed .	Scalia says the Constitution does not prohibit discrimination by sex The ERA was first proposed in 1923 , but a 1972 proposal was not ratified Women 's groups , key lawmakers issue fresh call to protect womens rights
CNN  -- If you want to see the impact of Iran 's growing power in the Middle East , look no further than Syria . On Monday , three important developments occurred simultaneously : First , world diplomats scrambled anxiously to salvage plans for a conference on Syria scheduled to start on Wednesday . The "  Geneva II " meeting almost went off the rails before it began , with Syrian opposition leaders threatening to stay away unless the United Nations retracted the invitation it had unexpectedly extended to Iran . At the same time , a new report about the Syrian civil war showed what appears to be convincing evidence of large-scale "  systematic torture and killing " by the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , Iran 's top ally . The report 's authors said the new evidence could prove al-Assad and his regime are guilty of perpetrating crimes against humanity . And in the third major event of that day , the interim nuclear deal between Iran and world powers went into effect . Under the deal negotiated in November , Iran suspended some of its nuclear enrichment operations , and Western governments started lifting some of the economic sanctions they have used to pressure Tehran . Opinion : Syrian genocide needs justice These three events will be included by historians and analysts when they write the story of the turmoil of the early 21st century Middle East . They will note that this was a week that showed the consequences of Iran 's gradually rising influence , as the Islamic Republic moved steadily toward its goal of becoming the dominant power in the region . Not long ago , the dictator al-Assad appeared on the verge of losing power to a popular uprising . President Barack Obama declared he "  must get out of the way . " But his regime 's loyal allies in Tehran sent in reinforcements . At the urging of its Iranian patrons , Lebanon 's Shiite militia , Hezbollah , moved its forces across the border into Syria , helping to turn the tide of the war and adding to its increasing radicalization . The war went from a grassroots democratic movement to a brutal showdown between Sunni extremists -- whose strongest elements now include al Qaeda fighters -- against Shiite forces loyal to Iran and al-Assad . Now the Syrian war , which has displaced millions of civilians and has killed more than 130,000 , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , is spilling into Lebanon , Iraq and elsewhere . It has become a proxy war for regional rivalries , with Sunni states , including Saudi Arabia and Qatar , supporting the opposition , and Iran , along with Hezbollah , standing steadfastly with al-Assad by providing him with manpower , ammunition and intelligence . Iran has not only saved al-Assad , it has changed the character of the fight . It has turned it into a much more dangerous regional conflict , all but eliminating the prospects for a positive outcome anytime soon and adding to the indescribable suffering of the Syrian people . Where do Iran 's nuclear program and the agreement with world powers fit into all this ? The interim deal was meant to freeze the nuclear program in place for six months while a final agreement is negotiated . But the announcement of the deal late last year immediately transformed the landscape . In the eyes of Arab states , the U.S. was taking the first steps towards capitulating before Iran 's aspirations . The Iranian regime 's goal is to spread its version of Islamic revolution and to make Iran the most powerful country in the region . The sight of top American and European diplomats rushing to Geneva to negotiate with Iran sent a strong message . Within days , the balance of power started shifting . Countless delegations crossed the Persian Gulf , as Arab rulers allied with Washington sought to strengthen ties with Tehran . Saudi Arabian officials railed against the United States . One reason Iran signed the interim deal is that it has already achieved a great deal of what it sought with its nuclear program . Under the so-called Joint Action Plan , Iran has suspended uranium enrichment above 5 % and will start getting rid of its 20 % - enriched uranium , which is close to weapons grade . But nobody thinks the deal , as it stands now , is a solution . In some respects , Iran is already a nuclear power , although it does n't yet have the full immunity that nuclear weapons would create . As if to reinforce that point , Iran 's top nuclear negotiator , Abbas Araghchi , told Iranian television that if Tehran decided to resume enrichment to its previous levels , it could do it in 24 hours . The White House dismissed the statement as meant for domestic consumption . But the fact is that Iran is not dismantling its centrifuges . It is just unplugging them . In the meantime , Iran 's economy has already started recovering . European , Asian and Arab businessmen are lining up to make deals with a resurgent Iran . Arab diplomats are speaking in measured tones about their Persian neighbor , but behind the scenes , the worries are palpable . The mere prospect of an Iranian presence at the Geneva talks came close to scuttling the diplomatic effort . The U.N. withdrew the invitation after the rebels said they would not attend , and both Washington and Riyadh pressured the U.N. . But already Iran and Syria have indicated they have no intention of supporting the meeting 's official goal of creating a transitional government to end Syria 's war . Syria 's regime will likely become more beholden to Iran than ever . A stronger Iran would deepen the divisions separating Sunnis and Shiites , Arabs and Persians , Saudis and Iranians , Palestinians and Israelis , making them all but impossible to bridge . The region would become a greater threat to itself and the world . The talks in Switzerland will now start . But the fighting , torture and killing in Syria will continue , even as former war crimes prosecutors say al-Assad is viciously slaughtering his own people . In the end , much of the Middle East 's future will depend on whether negotiators can find a way to stop Iran from advancing its power to the point where it becomes essentially invulnerable . Otherwise , the region will become an even more dangerous and desperate place , as we see today in Syria . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis	Frida Ghitis : Syria a good example of Iran 's growing power in the Middle East She says Iran is the top backer for al-Assad 's regime , which commits reported atrocities She says U.S. wants new Syria government ; Iran 's backing makes al-Assad unlikely to deal Ghitis : Interim nuclear deal makes allied Arab nations fear the West will weaken
Washington  CNN  A pillar of President Barack Obama 's global anti-terrorism strategy is in peril as sectarian chaos consumes Yemen , a vital U.S. ally where chronic instability allows the deadliest surviving al Qaeda franchise to flourish . Iran-backed rebels of the Shiite Houthi sect sparked alarm in Washington after seizing a presidential palace in the volatile Sunni-majority nation , in what officials called a coup . There are now signs that the rebels -- which have been resistant to American anti-terror efforts despite a common antipathy to al Qaeda -- and the U.S.-backed government of President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi have agreed a deal to end the crisis . But the situation remains volatile and a reminder of how the intricate , shifting and treacherous tribal and sectarian divides of the Middle East often confound U.S. efforts to frame coherent anti-terror policy . Obama has spent much of his administration sponsoring a political transition designed to restore stability in Yemen and to cap the sectarianism that sustains al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  . Washington has offered counter-terrorism training to the government in the Yemeni capital Sanaa and has also mounted a campaign of drone strikes against key AQAP leaders . The group is regarded by U.S. officials as the most potent offspring of Osama bin Laden 's jihadist movement and has claimed responsibility for the attack on the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo this month . AQAP also almost succeeded in bringing down a United States commercial jet over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 , and has tried to attack the U.S. mainland on at least two other occasions . The group 's potential was underlined in a video released on Wednesday in which a senior leader of AQAP in Yemen , Nasser bin Ali al-Ansi , said it was better for jihadists to wage war in their home nations , rather than fighting on the front lines in Syria . The message will alarm Western governments fearful that Muslim extremists radicalized at home or who have fought in Syria , Iraq or Yemen are plotting new attacks in the wake of the Paris carnage . RELATED : Yemeni government , rebels reach tentative agreement , source says CNN 's Brian Todd reported that meanwhile , ISIS -- al Qaeda 's jihadist rival -- was now also beginning to establish a presence in the country . Yemen , which borders the Red Sea and the strategically important Gulf of Aden -- a major oil transit route -- sits next to key U.S. allies , Saudi Arabia and Oman . But it is also important rhetorically for the Obama administration . In a speech in September on combating ISIS , Obama held up U.S. operations in Yemen as an example for a new anti-terror doctrine which does not rely on sending troops into dangerous foreign quagmires . "  This strategy of taking out terrorists who threaten us , while supporting partners on the front lines , is one that we have successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years , " Obama said . Obama vowed to use "  force against anyone who threatens America 's core interests , but to mobilize partners wherever possible to address broader challenges to international order . " The obvious problem with that strategy is that it needs secure , powerful local partners to have a hope of working . In failed states like Syria and Yemen , those partners often do not exist , or are , like Hadi , are deeply vulnerable . Stephen Seche , a former career foreign service officer , who served as U.S. Ambassador to Yemen between 2007 and 2010 , said the current situation was bad news for the White House . "  The Hadi government has been a good partner of ours in the counter-terrorism arena , " he said . "  If you move President Hadi from the equation , then I think all bets are off in many respects . " After fighting raged in the streets of Sanaa , and a U.S. diplomatic vehicle was caught in the crossfire , the Pentagon moved two ships within range of the country in case the State Department gives the order for an evacuation of the embassy . With memories of the raid by extremists on U.S. compounds in Benghazi on Sept. 11 , 2012 , which killed four Americans still haunting the administration , and fears of a hostage drama , no one wants to take chances . SEE ALSO : ISIS gaining ground in Yemen But the White House faces a tough decision as it seeks to preserve limited influence that it still has on the ground in Yemen . "  If we were forced to close down in Sanaa , the embassy , this would be a major foreign policy defeat , " CNN intelligence analyst Robert Baer told Wolf Blitzer . "  We need a government in that country to crack down on al Qaeda . You can not do this from the air , or the National Security Agency -LSB- can not just -RSB- intercept intelligence . "  We need a strong central government -- whether it is a Houthi one or an independent one . " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Wednesday that the safety of embassy personnel in Sanaa was a top priority . He also made clear that preserving anti-terror cooperation in Yemen was also vital . But the long-term U.S. diplomatic posture in Yemen is unclear . The fact that al Qaeda is a common enemy of Washington and the Houthis raises the intriguing suggestion of possible cooperation . But any tie up would likely be tacit and covert , and Washington would have trouble publicly recognizing any Houthi regime . Mohammed Albasha , a spokesman for the Yemeni embassy in Washington said , "  Americans should care about the Houthis . " "  We need to find out a way for the Houthis and the government to co-exist ... they are now a fact of life , " he told CNN . Charles Schmitz , an expert on Yemen and professor at Towson University , said the fallout from the apparent coup against Hadi was a mixed bag for the United States . "  The Houthi are virulently anti-al Qaeda . They have gone after al Qaeda like no one has before . There is a certain coincidence of interest with the U.S. with the Houthis against al Qaeda , " he said . "  The Houthi have done nothing to even slightly irritate the Americans . they have been very careful not to do anything like that . The Americans are very much leaving the door open . " Kamran Bokhari , an adviser on Middle Eastern and South Asian Affairs for Stratfor , a global intelligence and advisory firm , said that the Houthi movement could not be ignored . "  It is not clear to me to what extent Washington has relations with the Houthi movement . But now effectively the Houthis are kingmakers . While they do not dominate Yemen , they control the largest piece of real estate and they are the single-largest group , " Bokhari said . The level of Iran 's support for the Houthi movement , beyond rhetorical backing is in question . Tehran 's intelligence resources are already stretched by the Syrian crisis and its finances have been hampered by western nuclear sanctions and the fall in the price of oil . Iran , however , has spent years spreading its influence throughout the region in its wider proxy battle with its rival Saudi Arabia , an important U.S. ally , and now sponsors or heavily influences governments or key political forces in Damascus , Beirut and Baghdad , as well as Sanaa . The complex web of tribal and sectarian forces scrambling alliances and traditional alliances in Yemen represent the region in microcosm and reflects massive challenges facing U.S. officials in search of a working policy . "  We do n't have a lot of leverage in there at the moment , " Seche said . "  There are so many forces and counter forces at play -- none of which we or anyone controls effectively , " he said . "  There are currents and issues and long standing hostility they are going to have to work themselves to some extent . " As violence flares , 7 things to know about Yemen	Houthi "  coup " puts U.S. anti-terror cooperation in Yemen in doubt Most feared al Qaeda franchise uses Yemen as haven
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Tibetan exile leaders , meeting in northern India to debate a potential new approach to Tibet 's decades-long struggle for autonomy , have voted to stay with the Dalai Lama 's current "  middle way approach , " according to a spokesman for the spiritual leader . Some have sought Tibet 's independence from China , but the Dalai Lama has sought autonomy . "  The majority of the people have spoken and have requested his holiness the Dalai Lama to continue with his middle way approach , " said spokesman Tenzin Taklha . The meeting was called after the Dalai Lama acknowledged he had failed in his efforts to convince China to restore the territory 's autonomy . He did not attend the week-long conference in Dharamsala , a town in the hills of north India where he lives in exile . He called the meeting , he said , to offer the exiles an opportunity to discuss "  the best possible future course of action " for Tibet . Takhla said the Tibetans demonstrated that the Dalai Lama was their undisputed leader , and they hoped China would recognize him as such and negotiations toward a realistic solution could be held . There was a small minority who said they wanted to demand Tibet 's independence , Takhla said . The "  middle way " approach with Beijing is one in which Tibetans want a level of autonomy that will allow them to protect and preserve their culture , religion and national identity . In exchange , China could continue to claim Tibet as part of its territory . Some in Tibet have advocated independence from China , but the Dalai Lama has long called for genuine autonomy . Tibet is technically autonomous from the central Chinese government , but the Dalai Lama and others have said they favor real autonomy and resent the slow erosion of their culture amid an influx of Han Chinese , the largest ethnic group in China . Learn about Tibet 's history of conflict " The resentment spilled over in March , when Buddhist monks initiated peaceful anti-Chinese protests in the Tibetan capital of Lhasa . The demonstrations began March 14 , the anniversary of a failed 1959 uprising against Beijing 's rule that sent the Dalai Lama into exile . The protests soon turned violent , with demonstrators burning vehicles and shops . Some protesters advocated independence from China , while others demonstrated against the growing influence of the Han Chinese in Tibet and other regions of China with ethnic Tibetan populations . The subsequent crackdown left 18 civilians and one police officer dead , according to the Chinese government . Tibet 's self-proclaimed government-in-exile put the death toll from the protests at 140 . China blamed the Dalai Lama and his followers for the March riots -- a charge he has consistently denied .	Tibetan exile leaders back Dalai Lama 's current "  middle way approach " The Dalai Lama , Tibet 's spiritual leader , seeks genuine autonomy from Beijing Small minority want to demand Tibet 's independence , spokesman says
CNN  -- Forty-four people were killed during an attack on a wedding party in Turkey 's southeastern Mardin province Monday . A child lies wounded on a stretcher following the attack by gunmen on the wedding party . The casualties , which included the bride and groom , were slain while many of them were praying , authorities said . Three others were injured and eight people were detained in the attack sparked by a feud between families , said Besir Atalay , Interior Minister of Turkey . There were 17 women and six children among the dead , said Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . "  It is inhuman beyond words to open fire on people including a one-year old child who were having a wedding , living a happy moment , praying , " Erdogan said . "  The fact that the eight suspects and the victims who died have the same surname increases cruelty of this murder . " The assailants attacked the party in the small village of Bilge with bombs and automatic weapons , according to the Cihan news agency . With only 32 households in the village there were too many victims to fit into the local morgue , authorities said . Some of the victims had the same last name , Celebi , as the suspects who were detained , Atalay added . The bride , Sevgi Celebi , and groom , Habip Ari , both died in the attack , Anatolian Agency , Turkey 's semi-official news agency , reported . The chief and the former chief of the village were among those killed in the attack , the agency added . Police have blocked access to the village while they conduct their investigation . Mardin Mayor Besir Ayanoglu told Turkish television network NTV that the incident was not terror related . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Yesmin Comert contributed to this report .	Turkish PM : 17 women and six children among the dead Bombs , automatic weapons used in attack , Cihan news agency reports Three people critically wounded , says office of province 's governor Attack happens at wedding party in Turkey 's southeastern Mardin province
Tokyo  CNN  -- An extraordinarily high level of radiation was detected in one spot in a central Tokyo residential district Thursday , prompting the local government to cordon off the small area , local officials said . Radiation levels were higher in Tokyo 's Setagaya ward than in the evacuation area around the badly damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , according to ward Mayor Nobuto Hosaka . "  We are shocked to see such high radiation level was detected in our neighborhood . We can not leave it as is , " Hosaka told reporters . But the tsunami-struck Fukushima plant may not be the source of the radiation , Hosaka said later on state television . Officials searching for the cause found "  glass bottles in a cardboard box " in the basement of a house in the neighborhood which sent radiation detectors off the charts , he said on NHK . "  We suspect these bottles in basement could be the cause of the high radiation reading and we are hastily working to confirm it , " he said . Radiation experts are now checking what contaminated the bottles , a Setagaya ward official told CNN , declining to be named in line with policy . They told the local government there are no immediate health hazards . Radiation levels just a few feet from the contaminated spot are normal , Hosaka said . The Tokyo scare comes a day after officials in Yokohama , Japan 's second largest city , investigated soil samples after a radioactive substance was found in sediment atop an apartment building , according to news reports . Yokohama is about 155 miles  250 kilometers  from the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant . The discovery raised concerns that leaked radiation from three Fukushima reactors that suffered meltdowns after the March earthquake and tsunami may be more widespread than thought , The Japan Times reported Wednesday . The U.S. government issued a travel alert last week , warning Americans in Japan to avoid areas near the stricken reactors . The alert recommends that U.S. citizens stay away from areas within 20 kilometers  12 miles  of the nuclear facility . The State Department also admonished Americans to stay away from territory northwest of the plant in a zone that Japan calls the "  Deliberate Evacuation Area . " The zone includes Iitate-mura , the Yamagiya district of Kawamata-machi , Katsurao-mura , Namie-machi and parts of Minamisoma . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	NEW : There is no immediate health hazard , experts tell local officials Local government cordons off an area in the Setagaya ward Radiation there is higher than around Fukushima The damaged Fukushima Daiichi plant may not be the source , officials say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Bad dubbing , angry men with extraordinary facial hair , balletic fighting and more blood than you can shake a nunchuck at : just some of the key ingredients to make a perfect kung fu flick . Tony Jaa may be the modern day Bruce Lee , and in "  Ong-bak " he shows off his impressive skills . Whether it 's a traditional tale of ancient Chinese fighting mystics , or a slickly made , modern bloodfest , kung fu has always been a rich part of cinema . We 've compiled a list of 10 of the best . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Share your views by using the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best . 1 . Enter the Dragon  Robert Clouse , 1973 Bruce Lee 's last movie before his untimely death , this is him at his very best . A man on a revenge mission , Lee travels to a mysterious island to fight in a deadly tournament hosted by an evil billionaire . Along with being technically amazing -- the nunchucks scene is jaw-dropping -- it 's the most stylish and iconic martial arts film ever made . 2 . Ong-bak  Prachya Pinkaew , 2003 Tony Jaa is a modern master . He has appeared in very few major releases , but has already made a huge impact . "  Ong-bak " is the perfect showcase for his extraordinary skills : whether he 's fighting a roomful of people or taking part in the most exciting chase we have ever seen -- jumping through rings of barbed wire and sliding under moving cars while doing the splits -- he makes this film every bit the martial arts spectacle . 3 . Wong Fei Hung  Once Upon a Time in China   Hark Tsui , 1991 Part Chinese history , part gripping kung fu movie , this eastern epic has Jet Li demonstrating his talents as the eponymous hero who stands up to invading foreign forces in 19th century China . Armed with a limitless arsenal of martial arts moves , Li takes on masses of gun-toting , badly acting opponents . A visual delight and Jet Li 's best work . 4 . Kill Bill 1 & 2  Quentin Tarantino , 2003/2004 Quentin Tarantino is a movie geek -- specifically , a B-movie geek -- and kung fu has long held a place in his heart . "  Kill Bill , " his tribute to the genre , ticks every box : revenge ; a powerful , all-knowing nemesis ; stylish fights , costumes and music ; and blood , lots and lots of blood . 5 . Wo hu cang long  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon   Ang Lee , 2000 Every eye-catching detail of this touching and beautiful film works . A love story with outlaws , witches and Shaolin monks is augmented by breathtaking cinematography and some fantastic performances from Chow Yun Fat , Michelle Yeoh and newcomer Ziyi Zhang . This visual feast tugs at the heart strings better than any karate chop could . 6 . The Karate Kid  John G. Avildsen , 1984 A simple but well-executed plot sees Ralph Macchio 's underdog work his way up an unconventional path to take on the mean and nasty establishment . It spawned a spate of copycat films , while thousands of children signed up to after-school karate ; everyone now knows how to defend themselves by waxing on or off and that the best fighting move is obviously The Crane . Hiya ! 7 . Ging chaat goo si  Police Story   Jackie Chan , 1985 Jackie Chan is probably China 's biggest export to Hollywood , well-known for doing his own death-defying stunts . This is one of the films that got him noticed in the United States . When he fights , Chan is unstoppable : he uses every prop on the set and puts himself in enormous physical danger . Out and out fun . 8 . Shogun Assassin  Robert Houston , 1980 Referenced several times in Tarantino 's "  Kill Bill " films , this forgotten classic must have set a record for the amount of blood spilt as our hero crosses the country on a revenge mission . Early on , Tomisaburo Wakayama says "  they will pay with rivers of blood " ; he is n't wrong . Violent and wonderful . 9 . Siu lam juk kau  Shaolin Soccer   Stephen Chow , 2001 Should this be in the best or worst list ? It 's definitely unique . Once described as "  the best kung fu football film of all time , " this is one of the more ridiculous films of the genre . A group of down-and-out martial arts experts form a five-a-side football team to take on a group of evil , drug-taking clones . It 's as simple , and as silly as that . And it 's one of our guiltiest pleasures . 10 . The Matrix  Andy and Larry Wachowski , 1999 A sci-fi spin on the genre , this modern classic has all the key elements : our hero has superhuman powers ; the bad guys , led by the relentless Agent Smith , form part of a shady , all-powerful organization intent on oppressing humankind ; and the fight scenes are fantastically technical . Against all the odds , it appears Keanu really does know Kung Fu . ... . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Read others ' comments and share your views by using the Sound Off box below . ... . And the mainstream films that lacked the killer punch ... Street Fighter  Steven E. de Souza , 1994 Jean-Claude Van Damme has made some good films , really he has . "  Kickboxer " nearly made it into our top 10 . But this is , by a huge margin , his worst effort . Most depressing , though , is that this was the last major outing for Raul Julia -- not the way he should be remembered . Great game ; terrible film . The Karate Kid , Part III  John G. Avildsen , 1989 The franchise came out of part two with a little credibility intact , but this last installment -- unless you include "  The Next Karate Kid "  which no self-respecting "  Karate Kid " fan would  -- managed to kill off our last shred of enthusiasm . Where the original might have inspired you to take up karate , this would put you off the sport , and probably kung fu movies too . Bulletproof Monk  Paul Hunter , 2003 "  I 've got a great idea , let 's take a well-respected Chinese actor and pair him up with an annoying teen-film actor in a mystical kung fu movie ; it ca n't fail ! " Unsurprisingly , this film was a disaster , shoe-horning silly fight scenes into a plot that spirals from implausible to disturbingly stupid . A frightful mistake , and one of our worst-named films to boot . Under Siege 2 : Dark Territory  Geoff Murphy , 1995 The first "  Under Siege " was a surprisingly good film , and Hollywood 's best martial arts expert acquits himself well , but this follow up is laughable . Seagal still fights like the best , but has lost the ability to speak , and whispers his way through the dialogue . Considering the action takes place on a train , we were amazed his co-stars could hear him . Come on , Steven , you were so much better when you were just a lowly , lowly cook . Game of Death  Robert Clouse , 1978 Through no fault of his own , this is Bruce Lee 's posthumous contribution to the list . This tacky movie features fight scenes shot before Lee died , interspersed with material filmed using lookalikes and a cardboard cutout of the great man . The fights are impressive , but the rest of the film smacks of a cash-in -- they even use footage from Lee 's actual funeral . A desperate slur on Lee 's memory . E-mail to a friend	Iconic kung fu star Bruce Lee hits the top spot with "  Enter the Dragon " Tarantino 's genre tributes , "  Kill Bill 1 & 2 , " are stylish and bloody "  The Matrix " is a sci-fi kung fu movie with slickly made fight sequences But Jean-Claude Van Damme 's "  Street Fighter " lacks the killer punch
For 67 years , the Virgin Mary Church has been a peaceful refuge for Shenouda El Sayeh , much like the Giza province village of Kafr Hakim where it rests and where he has lived all those years . But , as he swept its floors on Thursday , it was painfully obvious things had changed . The night before , a mob -- chanting against Coptic Christians such as El Sayeh and calling for Egypt to become an "  Islamic state " -- had torched and looted the Virgin Mary Church . "  I did n't expect this to happen , " El Sayeh said . He 's not alone . Christians all around Egypt are cleaning up in the aftermath of a spate of attacks , which came on the country 's deadliest day since the 2011 revolution that overthrew longtime President Hosni Mubarak . Bishop Angaelos , the Cairo-born head of the Coptic Orthodox Church in the United Kingdom , said he was told by colleagues in Egypt that 52 churches were attacked in a 24-hour span that started Wednesday , as well as numerous Christians ' homes and businesses . Ishak Ibrahim , a researcher with the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights , told CNN he had confirmed attacks on at least 30 churches so far , in addition to the targeting of church-related facilities , including schools and cultural centers . Those churches reportedly set ablaze Wednesday included St. George Church in Sohag , a city south of Cairo on the Nile River . And the new day brought new attacks . Prince Tadros Church in Fayoum , which is southwest of Cairo , was stormed and burned Thursday night , according to the official Middle East News Agency . This and other attacks have been blamed by some on supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist movement which backs recently deposed President Mohamed Morsy . Government efforts to clear the group 's Cairo protest camps resulted in gruesome scenes in the capital : Egypt 's health ministry says that at least 580 people were killed and more than 4,000 injured amid clashes involving security forces and Morsy supporters . Against this backdrop , it may be some time before it 's established what group , if any , is behind the church attacks , and how coordinated this violence has been . Until then , Christians in Egypt are left to try to put things back together , as well as to attempt to make sense of what 's transpired . As Dalia Ziada of the Ibn Khaldun Center for Development Studies , told CNN : "  This is horrible to happen in only one day . " ' A very dangerous game to play ' Egypt will have much to deal with if , and when , things do settle down . Once that happens , Angaelos says that a proper investigation of the church attacks should follow -- especially since , he feels , the sheer scale of incidents suggests they were orchestrated , rather than a byproduct of chaotic unrest . "  We would want the people who have done it to be brought to justice because I think they are trying to do something which is much more dangerous , " he said . "  It 's not just about burning churches , it 's about burning churches to initiate a response that then spirals into even greater violence -- and that is a very , very dangerous game to play . " The targeting of churches and Christian properties was not unexpected , Angaelos said , given the tensions in Cairo and elsewhere and in light of escalating attacks on Coptic Christians in recent weeks . The growing threat led him last week to issue a statement warning of "  a very real risk upon the life of every Christian . " Pope Tawadros II , the church 's leader in Egypt , also suspended weekly public events for fear of attacks on Christian congregations . But the warnings did n't prevent the violence , nor did security efforts to protect churches and Christian communities , according to Ibrahim . Said Angaelos , "  The ferocity and the speed with which it all happened ... was quite surprising . " Burning of books A Bible Society of Egypt statement posted online Wednesday reported the "  complete burning and destruction " of its bookshops in the cities of Assiut and Minia , in southern Egypt . "  Fortunately we were closed today , fearing such an attack , so none of our staff were injured , " wrote Ramez Atallah , the society 's general director . "  The attackers demolished the metal doors protecting the bookshops , broke the store windows behind them and set the bookshops on fire . " Other stores and parked cars on those streets were also destroyed , he said . "  It is important to underline that -- while some Christian properties have been the victim of this violence -- they are by no means the only ones targeted , " Atallah said . "  This is an attack against the state by a violent minority in an attempt to destabilize the nation . " CNN iReporter Amir Beshay , from Cairo , helped draw up a list of Christian churches and properties reportedly targeted . On it are sites in Alexandria , Arish , Assiut , Beni Suef , Cairo , Fayoum , Gharbiya , Giza , Minya , Qena , Sohag and Suez . They include churches and schools , as well as homes and businesses belonging to Coptic Christians . CNN has not been able independently to verify the reports . Asked about the attacks on churches Wednesday , U.S. State Department Spokeswoman Marie Harf said the United States was deeply concerned . "  We will continue speaking out against this and continue talking to all parties and all sides about renouncing this violence , about moving forward with a democratic process . " Daniel Sinclair , director of communications at Christian Solidarity Worldwide , said the group was "  deeply concerned at the unwarranted and continuing targeting of the Coptic community . We urge the government to ensure comprehensive security to all Egyptians , regardless of their religion . " Long history in Egypt Egypt 's Christian minority has been the target of a number of attacks in recent years . The bombing of a major church in Alexandria in January 2011 killed 21 people and sparked worldwide condemnation . The situation has only become worse since Egypt 's popular revolution overthrew former President Hosni Mubarak in 2011 , said Angaelos . "  In the past two-and-a-half years , we 've had more deaths of people just because they are Christians than in the last 20 years , " he said , adding that this had not triggered violent retaliation . He hopes for forgiveness and reconciliation among all Egyptians going forward , to help build a unified country . Christians have been in Egypt since the 1st century and were , for centuries , the majority . Some 90 % of Coptic Christians still live in the country , he said , making up the largest Christian community in the Middle East . Angaelos puts the proportion of Christians in Egypt at 15 to 20 % of the population . The CIA World Factbook says 10 % of Egypt 's population is Christian , while the Pew Research Center , which says firm numbers are hard to come by , puts the figure at about 5 % . Back in Kafr Hakim , Atia Ghattas told CNN his family 's houses were attacked on the same night the church was looted . There was incitement against the Coptic community through the mosques in the area , he said . Father Boktor Saad , of Kafr Hakim 's Virgin Mary Church , said he believes that a small group of extremists were responsible for inciting groups to attack his church . But , he and other church staff said , not everyone participated , and some non-Christians prevented the situation in that village from getting worse . They credited moderate Muslims with putting out the fire at Virgin Mary , and halting further attacks on Coptic Christians ' homes and shops .	A Christian church southwest of Cairo is attacked , state news says Moderate Muslims put out fire at one church , halted other attacks , church staff say A Coptic Orthodox Church leader says 52 churches have been attacked in 24 hours Bishop : "  It 's about burning churches to initiate a response that spirals into greater violence "
CNN  -- With several weeks having passed since Thailand 's nationwide curfew was completely lifted , Bangkok 's nightlife is back in full swing . Not only are tourists returning to the city 's usual party haunts , from Khao San Road to Sukhumvit soi 11 , they 're coming back to notorious red light districts , such as Patpong , Soi Cowboy and Nana Plaza . Despite the evolution of the city 's sophisticated nightlife , its seedier neighborhoods continue to offer what many tourists consider an essential Bangkok experience . For some tempted to sample a slice of the city 's seedier side , however , the tales can be off-putting . Stories of that "  one night in Bangkok " gone wrong are a consistent topic of posts in travel forums , ranging from complaints of paying ridiculously high prices for drinks at seedy sex shows to claims by victims of being drugged in red light zones only to wake up in hotel rooms with a headache and an empty wallet . Now , at least two companies are cashing in on the demand from timid thrill seekers who want to safely experience Bangkok 's infamously raunchy shows and scandalous fetish clubs by offering the security of a chaperoned , well planned and efficient evening . Guests can customize their night on the town by choosing where to go , such as visiting a transsexual bar or doing a deeper descent into escapades too graphic to detail here . Alternately , tourists can go in for lofty , first-class treatment with fine dining , expensive cigars and high-brow entertainment -- but most customers prefer to cut to the chase and book a red-lit bar crawl , say tour organizers . These streamlined door-to-door tours include a chauffeured air-conditioned van , lots of alcohol and a guide who stays with the group the entire time . Customers usually go with friends , relatives or colleagues on private tours to celebrate a birthday or pre-wedding bash for a bride or groom , or just for fun while on vacation in Thailand . Tyson-style tats a must The Bangkok Hangover Tour offers an imaginative and theatrical visit to some of the city 's best bars and nightclubs , and honors the Hollywood movie "  Hangover Part II , " which is set primarily in Bangkok . The Hangover Tour begins in the same bar on Soi Cowboy where several of the movie 's scenes were filmed . In the movie , one of the lead characters unknowingly cavorts with a transgender Thai before waking up to discover a Maori-style Mike Tyson tattoo on his face . To emphasize that guests will be following some of that character 's footsteps , Hangover Tour guides stick a washable Maori tattoo on all the guests ' faces , heightening the sense of being in their own version of the movie . When the Hangover Tour recently guided the Johnson family from Kent , England , through Bangkok 's nightlife , the family allowed CNN to tag along . Sons ` come of age ' on Hangover tour After the guide adorned the mother , father and their two young adult sons with Maori tattoo stickers , the visitors watched a nude show at another Soi Cowboy bar , eyes widening as their drinks kicked in . Their van then shuttled them to nearby Nana Entertainment Zone , where transgender ladies in bikinis nuzzled the giggling family . At another bar , both sons were lured on stage where two nude women spanked them with paddles made of harmless sponge , while the crowded bar 's patrons roared with delight . "  My sons have absolutely come of age , " marveled the 52-year-old father , Phil . "  Because they 're slightly reserved , the guys . Anything like this , they 're not used to . They 've grown up . "  And we are actually acting the movie . " "  It 's weird , because we are going in all the bars that they went in , in the movie , and basically you 're re-living what they did in the film , " said 21-year-old Brad , after his onstage experience . "  You go into these bars and it 's incredible what you see . It 's strange . You do n't expect it to be how it is . " The tattoo sticker "  acts like a mask ... and you just forget about who you are back home , and you just sort of go with it , " said Brad . "  Completely surreal , " chimed his blushing brother , Cameron , 20 . Their mother , Sharon , was stunned . "  There was full nude , semi-nude , interaction , you could watch , you could take part , it was just brilliant . Absolutely amazing . It 's good fun , " Sharon said . Seedier and sleazier as night wears on The van then sped to Patpong Road to sleazier shows . The Johnson family chose to visit a sadomasochistic "  fetish " club , where whips and chains hang on the walls . While his parents and brother chuckled mischievously , Cameron allowed himself to be tied to a vertical rack and stripped , exposing his bottom . His father , shrieking hysterically , followed the entertainers ' lead and began lightly whipping his son in bondage , while everyone convulsed with laughter and Cameron cheerfully yelped in a mix of pain and delirium . The young man then found himself tied up , in a tall cage , and dominated by a leather-clad woman as if Cameron was a submissive character in a Marquis de Sade novel . "  We offer a visit to a fetish club , which costs an extra 699 baht  $ 22  per person , " said tour supervisor Toby Newbold . "  People may not want to visit such a place on their own , but feel more comfortable doing so in the comfort of a tour . "  I would say 70 % to 80 % of customers include the fetish club , which has been a real surprise for us . "  Most people are shocked to find it quite erotic , and some come out of their shell and want to participate . " ` Safety and not being hassled ' are sales points Without extras , a Hangover Tour 's basic price is 1,990 baht  $ 60  , including two drinks , transportation to and from your hotel , plus a guide . More than a thousand foreign customers have taken the tour since it began in 2011 , according to Newbold . "  We expected the tour to be mostly young male customers , but the tour is very popular with couples and we have lots of groups of girls and women taking the tour , " said Newbold . "  We assume safety , and not being hassled , are a factor . "  This is a lighthearted look at Bangkok 's nightlife . We just want people to have a good time . " The Hangover Tour does n't duplicate the movie 's dangerous adventures . "  In the movie , there is sex with a ladyboy , Stu gets a real face tattoo , there is drug taking and a young guy loses his finger , " said Newbold . "  So I would have to say our tour is a little bit more toned down . " "  Crazy fun " but at what price ? Another Bangkok nightlife tour , Thailand Bucks and Hens , is similar . Five Australian male executives in their mid-20s allowed CNN to accompany their Bucks tour , but asked not to be identified . Their tour began in a scuzzier bar where girls hassled the five men for tips , confusing and embarrassing them when they were advised by their Bucks tour chaperone to give a bit of cash . Their Bucks tour then moved to the same Nana Plaza bar where the Hangover 's Brits were spanked . One of the Australians was also coaxed onstage and spanked by two girls waving sponge paddles while the audience cheered . "  It 's crazy fun , " one of the group said . Capping their evening , the Aussies arrived at a popular upmarket Sukhumvit Road nightclub , and were escorted to an exclusive table . A guide from Bucks and Hens says the tours , established more than a year ago , have served more than a thousand customers , 75 % of them male . Their favorite theme is "  one crazy party night , with their best friends , before they get married , " he added . The company does n't provide information about prices , saying each event differs , but all tours include transportation , a guide and lots of alcohol . Bucks and Hens runs tours elsewhere in Thailand , including female-only Hens nights , usually on Koh Samui or Phuket Island . Critics not impressed Not everyone is happy about these tours . "  Sex tours to the nightlife in Bangkok , or anywhere , are harmful to both the tourist and the women , " according to Annie Dieselberg , the American CEO of NightLight International , a Christian-based organization active in Bangkok , Los Angeles , Atlanta and elsewhere . The organization is working to end commercial sexual exploitation . "  Sex tours normalize the exploitation of women , and grooms men to believe they have the right to be entertained at the expense of the women , " Dieselberg said after hearing about the Bangkok Hangover Tour and Thailand Bucks and Hens . "  I have spoken to several thousand women in prostitution , from over 12 nations in the last 14 years , and 99 % of them hated this work and were only doing it because they saw no other way of meeting the family economic needs and pressures . "  As time passes , the women deteriorate and lose sight of their true identity and dreams for life . "  Many become -LSB- suicidal razor -RSB- cutters , and many become addicted to alcohol and drugs to cope with the shame and self-hatred , " Dieselberg said . Richard S. Ehrlich is a freelance writer from San Francisco . He 's reported for international media from Asia since 1978 , based in Hong Kong , New Delhi and now Bangkok .	Companies are filling tourist demand for "  safe " tours of Bangkok 's infamous nightlife shows "  Hangover " tour visits bars featured in the "  Hangover Part II " "  You go into these bars and it 's incredible what you see , " say visiting British family Critics decry exploitation of sex industry workers and other social maladies surrounding Bangkok nightlife
CNN  -- Never underestimate the power of the dark side . Scratch that . Let 's go with never underestimate the power of a cute blond kid cloaked in the robes of Mr. Dark Side himself , Darth Vader . Despite having already been on television since 2009 , 6-year-old Max Page is winning more fans than he likely ever could have imagined after his appearance in a Super Bowl advertisement for Volkswagen . "  My dad said I 'm the hit star ! " Max said Tuesday during an appearance on CNN 's "  American Morning . " You 've doubtless seen the commercial by now . As many as 110 million Americans who watched the Super Bowl on Sunday saw it , and it 's been viewed more than 20 million times on YouTube . It depicts a young boy dressed in Vader 's black robe and helmet feverishly trying to get something -- anything -- to obey "  The Force " and bend to his will . He tries the washer and dryer . A doll . A sandwich . Nothing happens . Not even the family dog is moved . But when he tries to wield "  The Force " on his dad 's new car , the engine roars to life -- with a little help from dad and his keyfob , of course . You can almost see Max 's eyes , wide-open with amazement , as he holds his arms out and turns to his unseen parents as if to say , "  Did you see that ? " "  Lance Acord , the director , said what he brought to the spot when they were filming was more of an authenticity because he was n't mimicking Darth Vader , " Max 's mom , Jennifer said . "  He was just challenging Darth Vader and doing what he thought Darth Vader looked like . " In fact , Star Wars fans might note Max bears some resemblance to the actor who played young Anakin Skywalker , who later turned into Darth . And fans are also comparing him a young Mark Hamill , who played Vader 's son , Luke Skywalker . Not that any of it means much to Max . He still has n't seen any of the movies . "  He 's a little scared , still , " his mother said . Max 's story has another twist . He has a congenital heart defect and wears a pacemaker . But he leads a normal life , his mother said . "  Once these kids get mended they can go and live full lives and that 's been a huge inspiration for others already , " she said . Max spent most of his appearance on CNN Tuesday fidgeting with a boxed set of all the Star Wars movies -- a gift from co-host Kiran Chetry . He did take a moment to turn to the camera , raise his eyebrows and wave . "  Hello ! " he said to the camera , as oblivious as any 6-year-old to the grown ups talking around him .	A 6-year-old boy is winning fans after being revealed as the face behind the Darth Vader mask Max Page appeared in a Super Bowl commercial for Volkswagen Max "  channeled " Vader for the spot , but still has n't seen the movies , his mom says
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Democrats proposed Friday tax incentives for businesses hiring veterans as well as job training for all service members leaving the military . The measure was unveiled as the next piece in President Obama 's jobs bill and as a remedy to unemployment among veterans . "  It would basically make sure that our veterans are not standing at the back of any unemployment line , " Sen. Debbie Stabenow  D-Michigan  told reporters . "  It 's important that we support our troops not just by lip-service but by action , and we intend to act next week . " Noticeable absent from Friday 's Democratic proposal is the job bill 's controversial millionaire 's surtax , which would increases taxes on those with incomes of more than $ 1 million . Republicans have roundly rejected the surtax , saying it would hurt small businesses and stunt economic growth . Sen. Patty Murray  D-Washington  , chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Veterans ' Affairs , told reporters they would utilize "  existing pay-fors , " or revenue streams , that have been used to fund veterans ' issues . "  What we did is bring together Republican and Democrat , House and Senate , congressional and administration ideas in putting this package forward . I think it uses the best of everyone 's ideas and will make a real difference for veterans , " said Murray . "  Veterans are not a partisan issue . They are something we can all get behind . " A major component of the bill would offer tax credits to companies hiring jobless veterans -- up to $ 2,400 in credits for hiring veterans out of work for more than 4 weeks , up to $ 5,600 for hiring veterans out of work for more than six months , and up to $ 9,600 credit for employing veterans with service-connected disabilities looking for work for more than six months . The bill would also make mandatory jobs skills training for every service member moving into civilian life and also offer older veterans additional Montgomery GI benefits for training programs at community colleges and technical schools . "  It is quite frankly shameful that veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan have a higher unemployment rate than the rest of America , " said Sen. Jon Tester  D-Montana  . A cost estimate for the bill was not immediately available . Murray said Democrats plan to attach the veterans ' measure as an amendment to House-passed bill that eliminates the 3 % withholding requirement for government contractors -- a bill that House and Senate Republicans say would create jobs . While Senate Republican aides indicated the veterans ' assistance proposal and the absence of the millionaire 's surtax were encouraging , they were cautious and said they would need to see the proposal 's details , including how it would be funded . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Senate Democrats eliminate controversial millionaire 's surtax from jobs bill Republicans opposed the surtax The jobs measure would offer tax incentives to firms hiring veterans The bill would also provide job training to everyone leaving the military
CNN  Over the last year more than 25,000 people , a population about the size of Key West , Florida , have fought Ebola infections . More than 10,000 have not survived . But for those who have survived , life will never be the same . And even for those who did not experience Ebola personally , the "  most severe public health emergency seen in modern times " showed the world its vulnerability to disease . It revealed real flaws in government systems that are supposed to protect us . While the intensity of the largest Ebola epidemic in history has died down , and the initial dire predictions that there would be over a million infections by January never came true , dozens are still newly infected each week . The latest World Health Organization Report confirmed a total of 30 new confirmed cases of Ebola were reported in the week of April 5 . This is the lowest weekly total since May 2014 . But reports are mixed on stopping the virus completely : In Liberia and Sierra Leone , the number of cases has fallen so much , there are more treatment facilities than demand . WHO in Liberia is in the process of decommissioning surplus facilities . But in Guinea , of the 19 confirmed deaths from April 5 , seven were only identified as Ebola post-mortem and there were reports of 21 unsafe burials . "  Taken together these data indicate that though surveillance is improving , unknown chains of transmission could be a source of new infections in the coming weeks , " the latest WHO report said . Click on the photos above to learn how a grave digger , a first responder , and many others have changed in the wake of Ebola .	April 8 , 2014 , the WHO finally started reporting the Ebola epidemic was a "  concern " Front line health care workers and Ebola survivors say the world has to act quicker
CNN  -- The entertainment industry was not immune to the impact of the fires blazing across Southern California . At the Santa Clarita Studios in Valencia , California -- about 30 miles north of Los Angeles -- some staffers were n't able to get to work Monday , due to traffic on area roadways and concern about their homes , according to Variety . Interstate 5 , a major north-south artery , runs directly through the area . Two CBS shows , "  NCIS " and "  The Unit , " have sets at Santa Clarita , but neither shut down shooting Monday , according to the industry trade paper . The Stevenson Ranch fire was near enough that "  NCIS " staffers could see the smoke , according to The Hollywood Reporter , another trade paper . "  The Unit " set was functioning normally Tuesday , said CBS spokesperson Susan Marks . "  We 're fine , " she told CNN . "  We 've had no interruption to production . " Fox 's "  24 " was n't quite as lucky on Monday , The Hollywood Reporter reported . The show was shooting at a Marine Corps air station in Irvine , about 40 miles southeast of Los Angeles , and had to cancel filming at 7:30 a.m. at one of the base 's hangars due to smoke from the Santiago fire . The show 's producers decided to shoot other scenes on its stages elsewhere in Southern California . Watch the fire at the Stevenson Ranch " A handful of shows , including CBS ' "  Cold Case " and ABC 's "  Big Shots , " either scrapped shoots or changed locations due to the fires . "  Cold Case 's " Simi Valley sets were blown over by the strong winds in the area , The Hollywood Reporter said . Watch planes and choppers battle a fire and clouds of smoke in Valencia " If production units and studios were scrambling , other businesses benefited from the disruption caused by the fires . A number of upscale Los Angeles-area lodgings , including the Peninsula and Four Seasons hotels in Beverly Hills , reported a flurry of bookings , according to Variety . At the Four Seasons , a front desk clerk confirmed the influx . "  We 've had quite a few people come to stay with us , " she told CNN . Sunday night saw a number of walk-in guests , mostly from Malibu , she added . Those guests might not be able to stay long , though : with a number of group bookings scheduled for later in the week , the walk-in guests may have to find other arrangements . Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott 's newly renovated bed and breakfast , Chateau La Rue , in Fallbrook , California , about 100 miles southeast of Los Angeles , was also affected . "  We do n't know the extent of it , " McDermott told People.com . "  There were guests on their way -LSB- to the B&B -RSB- , but they were notified and sent back . The whole town of Fallbrook was evacuated . " The two were in Los Angeles to support Spelling 's former "  Beverly Hills 90210 " castmate Jennie Garth on "  Dancing With the Stars . " Malibu , one of the areas most directly affected by the fires , is the home of a number of celebrities , including Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson , Mel Gibson , Jennifer Aniston , Victoria Principal and Sting . Gibson and Principal , who live in in different areas of Malibu , were both evacuated early Monday morning . They are both in undisclosed locations and their families and pets are OK , according to spokespeople . So far , their houses have been spared . Watch John Travolta talk about flying over the fire zone " Sean Penn has lost two trailers to the fires , according to the TV show "  Access Hollywood . " The trailers were next to the site of a Penn home that burned down during the 1993 fires . Castle Kashan , a 10,500-square-foot home often used for shoots and private events , was destroyed by the fire on Sunday , the Los Angeles Times reported . The owner of Castle Kashan , socialite and philanthropist Lilly Lawrence , managed to escape , but a number of her belongings -- including Faberge eggs , presidential autographs and Elvis Presley memorabilia -- were lost . The house , a Malibu landmark , was built in 1978 . The fire has shut down a stretch of the Pacific Coast Highway that runs through the area . Watch actress Jamie Lee Curtis describe the fire as an ` act of man ' " One well-known entertainment industry figure -- and Malibu hotel owner -- has n't forgotten about the emergency workers trying to control the situation . Film and music mogul David Geffen opened his Malibu Beach Inn to firefighters and rescue workers for free , according to Variety . E-mail to a friend	Smoke from nearby fire affects "  24 " location , shuts down shooting Monday "  Unit " shoots near Ranch fire ; "  We 're fine , " said spokesperson Sean Penn loses two trailers next to site of house burned down in ' 93
CNN  -- If a baby had to be born in a snowstorm , this was the way to do it . Bethany Hojnack of south Buffalo , New York , went into labor early Tuesday , according to CNN affiliate WIVB . She could n't get to the hospital because of an epic snowstorm , but found help along the way . "  It was kind of incredible . God really put the people who needed to be in the right spot for us at the right time , " Hojnacki 's husband , Jared Hojnacki , told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Wednesday . First , the couple encountered a woman who was stranded who just happened to be a labor and delivery nurse , Hojnacki said . She stuck with them throughout the labor , and delivered their baby at a firehouse . Lucy Grace Hojnacki was born just after 9:30 p.m. ET on Tuesday , WIVB reported . Second , another stranded woman at the firehouse was , by coincidence , a maternity nurse , Hojnacki said , describing both nurses as angels . What are the odds they were there ? "  It 's not odds ; it 's God , " he said . "  It 's more than amazing . We 're so blown away by God 's grace . "	A woman in labor could n't get to the hospital because of an epic storm She and her husband were helped by strangers , who happened to be nurses Lucy Grace Hojnacki was reportedly born just after 9:30 p.m. ET on Tuesday
ST. PAUL , Minnesota  CNN  -- John McCain vowed Thursday to "  shake up Washington " and said he 's prepared to reach across the aisle to get the country "  back on the road to prosperity and peace . " "  We need to change the way government does almost everything , " he told the Republican National Convention . "  Fight with me . Fight for what 's right for our country . Fight for the ideals and character of a free people . " He said his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , is "  just the right partner " to help lead the change . "  She 's tackled tough problems like energy independence and corruption , " he said . "  She stands up for what 's right and she does n't let anyone tell her to sit down . " Watch "  We 're going to win this election " " He added , "  Let me offer an advance warning to the old , big-spending , do-nothing , me-first , country-second Washington crowd : Change is coming . " Change is a centerpiece of Democratic rival Barack Obama 's campaign . iReport.com : "  McCain sealed the deal " McCain contrasted himself with Obama on a couple occasions , while offering a bipartisan tone . "  There are big differences between us . But you have my respect and admiration . Despite our differences , much more unites us than divides us . We are fellow Americans , " said McCain , a senator from Arizona . He said there would be Democrats and independents in a McCain presidential administration . Watch a Democrat call McCain 's speech ` underwhelming ' " "  Let 's use the best ideas from both sides . Instead of fighting over who gets the credit , let 's try sharing it , " he said . He also scolded the Republican Party , saying some members "  gave in to the temptations of corruption . We lost their trust when rather than reform government , both parties made it bigger . " See photos of McCain center stage at the GOP " McCain touched on a number of issues that would appeal to the GOP 's conservative base , saying , "  we believe in a strong defense , work , faith , service , a culture of life , personal responsibility , the rule of law and judges who dispense justice impartially and do n't legislate from the bench . " Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton blasted McCain , saying he "  talked about bipartisanship , but did n't mention that he 's been a Bush partisan 90 percent of the time , that he 's run a Karl Rove campaign , and that he wants to continue this president 's disastrous economic and foreign policies for another four years . " "  With John McCain , it 's more of the same , " Burton said . In a speech before a giant screen showing an American flag waving against a blue background , McCain talked about the economy and education and promised to put the people first . "  I understand who I work for . I do n't work for a party . I do n't work for a special interest . I do n't work for myself . I work for you , " he said , to cheers from the crowd . McCain portrayed himself as a fighter , saying he tackled corruption and big spenders , regardless of which party they came from . Watch "  change is coming " " "  I 've fought to get million-dollar checks out of our elections . I 've fought lobbyists who stole from Indian tribes . I fought crooked deals in the Pentagon . I fought tobacco companies and trial lawyers , drug companies and union bosses . " McCain vowed to embark on the "  most ambitious national project in decades " through a bold energy plan that would produce more energy within the United States . "  We are going to stop sending $ 700 billion a year to countries that do n't like us very much , " he said , drawing some of the loudest cheers of the night . He contrasted his aims with those of his opponent , who , he said , would raise taxes and institute a health care system that would force "  small businesses to cut jobs , reduce wages and force families into a government run health care system where a bureaucrat stands between you and your doctor . " McCain referred to the 5 1/2 years he spent as a prisoner of war in Vietnam , explaining that the experience changed his life . "  I fell in love with my country when I was a prisoner in someone else 's , " he said . "  I was n't my own man anymore . I was my country 's . " His remarks on Iraq were brief , reminding delegates that he fought for the "  right strategy and more troops ... when it was n't a popular thing to do . " Obama has said he would have U.S. combat troops out of Iraq by 2010 . McCain was interrupted at least once by protesters from the anti-war group Code Pink , who were shouted down by delegates chanting "  USA . " The protesters were removed from the hall . Watch protester disrupt speech " The nominee weighed in , telling the crowd not to be distracted "  by the static . ... Americans want us to stop yelling at each other . " If he defeats Obama in November , McCain , 72 , will become the oldest person ever to be elected to a first term in the White House . During his speech , McCain hailed President Bush "  for leading us in those dark days following the worst attack on American soil in our history , and keeping us safe from another attack many thought was inevitable . " Delegates gave the speech rave reviews . "  He is the only man that can lead this country in the time that we 're in now , " said Will Barfoot of Montgomery , Alabama . Karen Bonadio of California added , "  I 'm so fired up . " McCain was preceded by his wife , Cindy , who described her husband as a leader with a "  sense of history and a clear view of the future . " "  I was taught Americans can look at the world and ask either , what do other countries think of us ? Or we can look at ourselves and ask , what would our forefathers make of us , and what will our children say of us ? " she said . iReport.com : Share your reaction to the convention speeches "  That 's a big challenge . In living up to it , we know the security and prosperity of our nation is about a lot more than just politics . " She then said McCain has "  shown the value of self-sacrifice by daily example . " "  His courageous service to America in war and peace leaves no doubt what our forefathers would make of him . " As she spoke , delegates held up "  We Love Cindy " signs . "  You can trust his hand at the wheel . But you know what , I 've always thought it 's a good idea to have a woman 's hand on the wheel as well , " she said to loud cheers . "  So , how about Gov. Sarah Palin ! " Republicans nominated the Alaska governor Thursday to be their vice presidential candidate , making her the first woman to run for the office as a Republican . South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham praised McCain 's character , saying he is leading the nation to victory in Iraq by his unflinching support for the surge . Watch Graham say the surge is working " "  We know the surge has worked , " Graham said . "  The only people who deny it are Barack Obama and his buddies at MoveOn.org . Why wo n't they admit it ? "  Because Barack Obama 's campaign is built around us losing in Iraq . " Graham said it was McCain 's insistence on the surge , when thousands more U.S. combat troops were deployed in Iraq in January 2007 , that "  stopped Congress from losing this war . " "  Do n't get me wrong . I 'm not saying Barack Obama does n't care . I 'm just saying he does n't get it , " he said , echoing Obama 's dig at McCain during Obama 's acceptance speech last week . "  The surge was a test for Barack Obama . He failed miserably . Our troops deserve a commander in chief who acknowledges their success , has walked in their shoes , speaks their language , shares their sufferings and will lead them to victory in a war we can not afford to lose . "  That person is my dear friend John McCain . " Watch Graham on Obama : "  He does n't get it " " Graham is one of McCain 's closest friends in Congress . Another close friend , former Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge , said McCain has "  unique qualifications for the presidency . " "  I speak to you about a warrior who has sometimes stood alone ... and always shown the way , " he said . Palin was nominated earlier Thursday on a voice vote that Sen. Mitch McConnell recognized as unanimous approval , prompting chants of "  Sarah ! Sarah ! " As governor of Alaska , Palin has won praise for backing tough ethical standards for politicians . During the first legislative session after her election , her administration passed a state ethics law overhaul . Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman said in nominating Palin that she had the leadership skills "  born out of experience , hardship , disappointment and success . " "  She 's a hockey mom -- a hunter , a hard-hitting reformer -- and quite frankly , she 's not afraid to raise a little hell amidst the Washington elite . Which is just what America needs ! " Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty then took the stage and warmed up the crowd for the GOP presidential nominee . He said McCain "  understands the concerns of everyday Americans like you and me . " "  John McCain connects with Sam 's Club voters . He gets it , " Pawlenty said . Overnight , crews transformed the stage at the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul , Minnesota , so delegates would surround McCain while he addressed the convention . The change was done to make the speech feel more like the town hall-style meetings the Republican presidential nominee is known for , aides said . CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	McCain : "  We need to change the way government does almost everything " McCain says he and Sarah Palin will "  shake up Washington " Cindy McCain says her husband has "  shown the value of self-sacrifice " Lindsey Graham says Barack Obama is bent on "  losing in Iraq "
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkish counter-terror police launched pre-dawn raids against scores of targets across Turkey 's largest city Tuesday . At least 30 suspects were detained , Turkey 's semi-official Anatolian Agency reported , in connection with anti-government protests that erupted in Istanbul in late May . What 's driving unrest and protests in Turkey ? The Turkish Interior Ministry , the Istanbul governor 's office and Istanbul police declined to comment on the raids when contacted by CNN . But relatives and friends of some of those detained described the police raids while waiting outside Istanbul 's main police headquarters for news about their loved ones . "  Ten to 13 of them  police officers  came around 5 a.m. , " said Utku Caybas , a student at Istanbul University who said his 20-year old roommate , Cem Eraslan , was detained Tuesday morning . "  They took four computers , our notebooks and some cameras , " Caybas added . Tugce Ozcelik told CNN police raided her family 's home and detained her 19-year old brother Deniz at 5 a.m. "  They showed a picture of my brother and the search warrant to my father , " Ozcelik said . She said her brother had recently completed high school and taken a university entrance exam . "  As a family we were all there at the Gezi events . We support the movement ... they think that they can scare us from going out into the street but they ca n't , " Ozcelik said . She was referring to an unprecedented series of protests that erupted after Turkish riot police repeatedly attacked a peaceful sit-in in Istanbul 's Gezi Park in May . Demonstrators had initially organized a small Occupy Wall Street-style protest against government plans to bulldoze the park and replace it with a shopping mall . For several days , riot police repeatedly attacked sit-in participants with pepper spray , tear gas and water cannons . On May 30 , demonstrators began fighting back , erecting barricades and attacking security forces with stones , bottles and slingshots . The mass civil disobedience and rioting quickly spread to other cities and towns across the country . Thousands of people were wounded in clashes , and at least one police officer and five demonstrators were killed . The most recent fatality was 19-year-old Ali Ismail Korkmaz , who died at a hospital last week after being beaten into a coma during demonstrations in the city of Eskisehir on June 2 . Turkish media organizations have released security camera footage from that night showing men with gas masks and clubs chasing protesters and beating them in the streets of Eskisehir . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has repeatedly denounced the protests , calling demonstrators "  terrorists " and "  vandals . " Initially , Erdogan accused the demonstrators of being part of an international conspiracy aimed at toppling his elected government . He claimed that protests in both Turkey and Brazil were organized by the same shadowy "  center . " Over the last week , Erdogan has expanded the scope of the alleged conspiracy , claiming that mass protests and a military coup that toppled the elected government in Egypt were somehow linked to the demonstrations in Turkey . Turkish security forces have largely succeeded in crushing the demonstrations through widespread use of tear gas , water cannons and a growing number of arrests . But in doing so , the Turkish police and government have come under fire from international organizations like the European Parliament and Amnesty International for "  excessive use of force . " Last week , a coalition of medical organizations including the Boston-based Physicians for Human Rights and the World Medical Association issued an appeal for an international ban on the sale of tear gas to Turkey . "  Police have systematically used tear gas as a weapon on hundreds of thousands of demonstrators , firing tear gas canisters and capsules directly at protesters at close range , " the medical groups wrote in an open letter addressed to Erdogan . They also called upon the Turkish government to "  prohibit all attacks on medical personnel who provide emergency assistance to injured protestors . " Turkey 's challenge : Find compromise before violence expands	At least 30 people were detained in the raids , a Turkish news agency reported Relatives of those detained say the raids came early Tuesday morning At least 6 killed , thousands wounded in recent demonstrations
CNN  -- The Leipziger Strasse in central Berlin looks like almost any another main traffic artery in the world these days . It 's four lanes in each direction , and high rise buildings with nondescript shops on the ground floors line the sidewalks . But this used to be one of the main streets of Communist East Berlin , where the East German regime showcased its arsenal during military parades . It was also the place I spent five years of my childhood from the late 1970s . My father , Fritz Pleitgen , was the bureau chief for ARD West German television in East Berlin , and with that title he became one of the people the intelligence service -- the Staatssicherheit or "  Stasi " -- hated and spied on the most . Their code name for him was "  The Tiger . " "  It was a war of the airwaves much more than it was a war with weapons , because there was always this competition between East Germany and West Germany , " my dad recently told me when we visited our old house at Leipziger Strasse 66 . "  They broke into our flat , but also into our office , " he said , describing the Stasi 's methods . "  They took pictures . And sometimes they wanted to show me that they were in . That I got the impression that I am being observed . " They tried to gather any sort of information they could on my dad . The Stasi also used directional microphones and , of course , many informants who tried to make contact with our family and those working for the ARD office in the Schadow Strasse in East Berlin . The files that the Stasi gathered were later made available to the public . When my dad went through his , he was amazed . "  It was a total observation , " he said . "  They wanted to know everything to try and determine what kind of guy I was , because they thought all Western reporters were spies . " He later discovered that all of our neighbors around the house we lived in were secretly reporting to the Stasi . There were some situations where it was pretty obvious that people were acting as informants , or "  Unofficial Employees " as the Stasi called them . But it was impossible for Western journalists to know the full extent to which they were being shadowed . The daily work was a cat and mouse game . The East German regime went to great lengths to try and prevent people in the German Democratic Republic  East Germany 's official name  from watching Western TV . And they also did everything they could to stop East Germans from talking to West German reporters . "  They wanted to stop our contacts with the East German population , " my dad said . "  That was their nightmare -- that there could be an alliance of West German correspondents with the people of East Germany . " One such encounter was recorded in 1979 when my dad and his crew drove out to the Berlin-GrÃ 1/4 nau district to try to interview the author and activist Stefan Heym -- a man who was not afraid to speak out and criticize the regime . When the team arrived , Stasi agents were already waiting , and they tried to stop them from talking to Heym . The crew did what almost every TV crew does when confronted with government goons who want to stop them from doing their work : They started a long conversation while the cameraman secretly kept filming , and the Stasi people grew increasingly uncomfortable as the situation went on . In the end my dad was allowed inside to speak to Heym , but the camera had to stay out . He would go on to interview the activist on many occasions , and they remained friends until Heym died . As time went on , the East German government 's restrictions grew tighter and tighter . "  They wanted a permission letter for everything , " my dad told me . "  I could not even go up to you and just ask you what the weather is like . " One way to undermine the repression was to mislead the Stasi . In some cases the ARD crews would say they wanted to do feature reports about the beauty of the landscapes and towns of East Germany , when in reality they wanted to show the mood of the people there . Sometimes they would purposely talk about going to a certain area , knowing the spies were listening , and then go somewhere completely different . Being a West German family living in East Berlin , we were allowed to pass through the Berlin Wall to West Berlin anytime . The children actually went through the Wall every morning to get to school and kindergarten . My parents have never forgiven us for purposely losing our identification cards whenever we did n't feel like going to school . That meant we were stuck in the East , and that my dad would have to fly to West Germany to get new IDs for us . The constant harassing and spying also made life extremely difficult for my mother , who was doing an amazing job trying to raise me , my brothers Christoph and Benjamin and my sister Vanessa . My dad had promised her a glamorous life as the wife of a foreign correspondent with stints in Paris or New York . Instead she found herself first in Moscow from 1970 till 1977 , and then in East Berlin . "  She always had problems with the border guards , " my dad said . "  And she was not ready to talk to them with a smile because she hated their questions . " One of the dumbest things the guards always wanted was to see was my mom 's left ear . It was in their protocol that people passing the checkpoints had to show their left ear to be positively identified . "  First of all , she always refused to get out of the car , " my dad said . "  And at some point she told them , ` Listen , you have seen my left ear so many times , you must know what it looks like by now . I am not going to show you again . ' " It did n't help that my siblings and I did a lot to bring our parents into embarrassing situations . My father remembered how he once got a call because his children had stolen a border guard 's hat and thrown it around the inside of a bus . On another occasion we threw balloons filled with water from the 13th floor of our building and hit an East German "  Volkspolizist , " as the regular police were called . "  One of the questions that was asked in the police report was whether the balloons were filled with warm or cold water , " my dad recalled with a smile on his face as we stood outside the apartment building . I was 13 when the Berlin Wall came down . It meant nothing to me at the time . But today when I walk the streets of Germany 's capital it is truly amazing to see how far the city and the country have come -- first rebuilding it after the shame of the Nazis and World War II , and then re-unifying it after the long division of the Cold War . I take great pride in the fact that my dad played such a prominent role opposing German division , and that he and my mother never gave up and always stood tall and strong . No matter how repressive , intrusive and abusive the East German regime was , it never broke the will of The Tiger .	As a child , CNN 's Fred Pleitgen lived in East Berlin under the watchful eye of the Stasi His father Fritz , a journalist at a West German TV network , says the Stasi broke into the family flat Fritz : Stasi 's nightmare was "  an alliance of Western journalists with the East German people " Fred Pleitgen : It 's amazing how far German capital has come since the Berlin Wall came down
New York  CNN  -- The reward for the safe return of an autistic New York teen grew to $ 77,500 Monday as divers joined hundreds of officers who have been searching for him nonstop for more than a week . Avonte Oquendo , 14 , was last seen on surveillance video running out of Center Boulevard School in Long Island City on the afternoon of October 4 . Transportation officials in New York suspended overnight track maintenance on the city 's transit system this weekend as workers combed the underground network . All 468 New York City subway stations have been searched , and aviation , harbor and canine officers are mobilized and deployed periodically , the New York Police Department said . The teenager , who is unable to communicate verbally , is fascinated by trains , his family said , and officials have shifted their search underground , a spokesman for the New York Police Department told CNN on Sunday . Searches of train stations , tracks and tunnels were also conducted late last week , Paul J. Fleuranges of the Metropolitan Transit Authority said . Though there are no leads , Daniel Oquendo Jr. fears his brother may have been taken . He told CNN affiliate WABC , "  It hurts . It 's very stressful to know that someone would take an innocent , poor , mentally disabled child and take advantage of them . " Police Commissioner Ray Kelly held up a missing poster of Avonte at the Columbus Day Parade on Monday and said , "  We have redoubled our efforts . We have hundreds of police officers and detectives engaged in this search . We 've enlisted the help of the guardian angels society , many volunteers . " David Perecman , the Oquendo family 's attorney , told CNN last week that he is looking into how Avonte was able to leave school grounds unsupervised . "  Right now , we have submitted a Freedom of Information Act request to the city and the various agencies involved , in order to obtain the information for us to know what occurred , " he said . Avonte 's mother says the situation is "  heartbreaking . " "  I just need to find my son because he needs his family ; he can not fend for himself out there , " Vanessa Fontaine told CNN affiliate WABC last week . "  This is just the hardest thing , to have your child disappear and you can not bring him home with you , " she said . The surveillance video provided by the police department shows that no supervisor or monitor stopped the 14-year-old when he ran out . "  He is supposed to have one-to-one supervision at all times , " Fontaine said through tears . "  He has the mental capacity of a 7 - or 8-year-old . " The New York City Department of Education issued a statement saying it is working closely with police . The school is not commenting . The Oquendo family filed a "  notice of claim " Wednesday , said Perecman , marking the first step of a lawsuit against the city of New York . He declined to give further information about the claim . Police say Avonte was last seen wearing a gray-striped shirt , black jeans and black sneakers . He is 5 feet , 3 inches tall and weighs 125 pounds . Missing posters are being handed out , and the surrounding areas are under investigation , WABC reported . "  He does n't know that , you know , ' I can get hurt in the street , someone can grab me and take me . ' He does n't know that , " Fontaine said Monday . "  He does n't know fear . " Anyone with information about Avonte is asked to contact the NYPD 's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 800-577-TIPS . The public can also submit tips at the Crime Stoppers website , nypdcrimestoppers.com or text to 274637  CRIMES  , then enter TIP577 . CNN 's Elizabeth Landers , Jia Guo and Sho Wills contributed to this report .	Avonte Oquendo , 14 , was last seen on surveillance video leaving a school on October 4 He ca n't communicate verbally ; he 's fascinated by trains , so search shifts underground Police commissioner : "  We have hundreds of police officers and detectives " searching for teen Family attorney says he 's looking into how Avonte could leave school grounds unsupervised
CNN  -- A young Israeli soldier was killed as part of a macabre bargaining ploy , the Israeli military said Sunday . The Palestinian who killed him knew the soldier , and wanted to use the body to secure the release of the Palestinian 's brother , who is in prison for involvement in terror attacks , the Israel Defense Forces said . Sgt. Tomer Hazan , 20 , went missing Friday . Concerned , his family phoned police . Soon , Israeli authorities brought in Nadal Amer , a 42-year-old Palestinian from the West Bank village of Beit Amin , for questioning , the IDF said . The two men had once worked at the same restaurant . "  Amer confessed to leading the soldier to an open area , where he murdered the soldier and concealed his body in a water well , " the IDF said in a statement . Amer said he wanted to trade Hazan 's body for his brother 's freedom , the statement said . In 2003 , Amer 's brother began serving a lengthy prison sentence for "  involvement in several terror attacks . " Amer led Israeli troops to the body north of the village of Siniria , according to the IDF . "  Additional detentions of individuals suspected for involvement in the incident are anticipated , " the IDF said . A spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu tweeted that the prime minister spoke to Hazan 's family , saying , "  This crime proves that the fight against terror never stops . " "  This is a horrific terrorist attack carried out by one murderer trying to free another , " IDF spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said in a statement . "  The IDF will continue to battle the agents of evil wherever they are , to safeguard the Israeli way of life . " But the Israeli paper Ma'ariv quoted Amer 's mother as saying , "  I still do n't believe he did it . He was a good kid who got mixed up in stupid things . " Ma'ariv also published a statement from the head of Beit Amin , Taki Omar , emphasizing his community 's ties with its Jewish neighbors and condemning the killing . "  The village must not be given a bad name because of one crazy person , " Omar said . In a separate incident , an Israeli soldier died after he was hit by hostile gunfire in Hebron , the IDF said Sunday . The soldier was participating in "  routine activities defending the Jewish Neighborhood of Hebron and approximately 11,000 civilians visiting the area during the holiday of Sukkot " when he was hit , the IDF said . The wounded soldier later died at a hospital in Israel . The IDF launched a search for the attackers and movement in the vicinity of the shooting was restricted , the IDF said .	A Palestinian lured and killed an Israeli soldier he knew , Israel says The killing was allegedly part of a plot to gain the release of a Palestinian prisoner The soldier 's body was dumped in a well The Israel Defense Forces says the investigation is ongoing
Hospitals need to take action against the spread of a deadly , antibiotic-resistant strain of bacteria , says the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The bacteria kill up to half of patients who are infected . The bacteria , called carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae or CRE , have increased over the past decade and grown resistant to even the most powerful antibiotics , according to the CDC . In the first half of 2012 , 200 health care facilities treated patients infected with CRE . "  CRE are nightmare bacteria , " CDC director Dr. Tom Frieden said in a statement . "  Our strongest antibiotics do n't work and patients are left with potentially untreatable infections . Doctors , hospital leaders and public health must work together now to implement CDC 's ` detect and protect ' strategy and stop these infections from spreading . " That strategy includes making sure proper hand hygiene policies in health care facilities are actually followed . Patients should also be screened for CREs , according to the CDC . Infected patients should be isolated , or grouped together to limit exposures . Why ` nightmare bacteria ' on the rise The good news is that not only is CRE seen relatively infrequently in most U.S. facilities , but current surveillance systems have n't been able to find it commonly in otherwise healthy people in the community , says Dr. Alex Kallen , a CDC medical officer . "  Of course , if this were to  spread to the community  , it would make it much more difficult to control , " he said . Each year , hospital-acquired infections sicken about 1.7 million and kill 99,000 people in the United States . While up to 50 % of patients with CRE bloodstream infections die , similar antibiotic-susceptible bacteria kill about 20 % of bloodstream-infected patients .	Deadly bacteria are called carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae 50 % of patients with CRE bloodstream infections die CDC has detailed a "  detect and protect " plan for doctors , hospitals
Chuck Hagel 's rocky and inauspicious path to leadership of the Pentagon could haunt him if he does n't watch his step . "  If people feel Hagel makes a mistake in the future , they will come after him even harder than if this ugly process of recent weeks had n't happened , " said Michael O'Hanlon , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and a co-author of "  Bending History : Barack Obama 's Foreign Policy . " The former Nebraska senator 's nomination as defense secretary was subject to harsh criticism from some fellow Republicans over past statements on sensitive political and national security matters . His shaky performance at his confirmation hearing and the subsequent fierce political wrangling over his selection and on unrelated matters did not help his case . But efforts to further delay his nomination were swept away on Tuesday as the Senate confirmed him , 58-41 , with a handful of Republican votes in his corner . Hagel will be sworn in on Wednesday , succeeding Leon Panetta . President Barack Obama , a former Senate colleague , called Hagel a patriot who "  fought and bled for our country . " Obama said he will count on Hagel 's "  counsel and judgment " as the United States ends combat operations in Afghanistan and stays "  ready to meet the threats of our time . " The task for Hagel , 66 , going forward is to swiftly move past the protracted nomination battle , prove himself a strong and capable Pentagon chief , and repair relationships on Capitol Hill , said Fran Townsend , a former homeland security adviser to President George W. Bush . "  Of course , when he walks through the door he is bruised and battered . But I think we should n't overestimate the impact of that , " Townsend said . "  Frankly , once he is confirmed as secretary of defense and once he sits in the seat and takes on the mantle of responsibility , everyone in the Pentagon is going to stand up and salute smartly , as well they should . " Hagel , a decorated Vietnam veteran , said in a statement that he was honored to have been nominated and confirmed , and pledged to work closely with Congress to "  ensure that we maintain the strongest military in the world . " With Hagel 's confirmation , Obama has put in place another crucial piece of his second-term national security team . John Kerry has been installed as secretary of state and John Brennan is awaiting Senate action on his nomination to be CIA director . Thomas Donilon is already serving as national security adviser . O'Hanlon said Hagel would not "  be damaged goods " and the political outcry over his nomination would quickly be overshadowed by the latest budget drama engulfing Washington over spending cuts , which would hit the Pentagon hard , if enacted . Bad feelings about Hagel stem , in part , from his 2007 comments that the "  Jewish lobby intimidated lawmakers . " Republicans who are already uncomfortable with Obama 's policies toward Israel are uneasy about a defense secretary holding such views . Israel 's ambassador to the United States , Michael Oren , said in a statement that Israel "  looks forward to working closely " with Hagel . Hagel 's criticism of the Iraq War , the Patriot Act , and his past positions on Iran and on U.S. military intervention also raised red flags with his opponents . Moreover , he spoke about an ambassadorial nominee in the late 1990s as being "  openly , ggressively gay , " remarks for which he has since apologized . Obama ended the prohibition on gays and lesbians serving openly in the military . And Hagel has n't been sparing in his criticism of conservative and GOP figures , saying radio show hosts like Rush Limbaugh "  try to rip everybody down " but "  do n't have any answers , " and labeling George W. Bush as callous on Iraq when he was president . Last week , 15 GOP senators sent a letter to Obama calling on him to withdraw Hagel 's nomination . Arizona Sen. John McCain , the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee and a fierce Hagel critic , did not sign the letter . But he led the charge against him in the Senate , stalling the nomination at one point in exchange for more information from the White House on the deadly September terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya . The real reasons why conservative groups are still going after Hagel That sentiment gained traction in conservative circles . "  There is simply no way to sugar coat it . Senator Hagel 's performance before the Senate Armed Services Committee was remarkably inept and we should not be installing a defense secretary who is obviously not qualified for the job and who holds dangerously misguided views on some of the most important issues facing national security policy for our country , " said Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas . Vote no and send a message to Hagel There was a healthy serving of politics behind the Hagel pushback , some experts say . He is n't the only potential member of Obama 's first or second-term Cabinet to be grilled during the nomination process . At the start of his first term , Obama 's pick to lead the Treasury Department , Timothy Geithner , emerged from a tough confirmation fight in the wake of recession to help push through Wall Street reform as well as the banking and auto industry rescues . His successor , Jack Lew , is expected to be confirmed . Some Republicans also believed that Hagel , like Susan Rice , was vulnerable in a divided political climate in Washington made more sharply partisan by Obama 's re-election , according to experts . Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , withdrew her name from consideration for secretary of state after drawing heavy criticism from McCain and other Republicans over her public statements about the Benghazi attack . Democratic supporters of Hagel came to his defense this week as the vote drew near . "  The president wants him in the room as he 's making important decisions . There 's no question about his integrity of character . I think the president deserves to have the Cabinet he wants as long as the person is qualified , " Missouri Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill said on "  Fox News Sunday . " The consternation over Hagel 's confirmation has been "  kabuki theater , " said David Rothkopf , editor of Foreign Policy magazine . "  The political divisions that dictated the pace and twists of his confirmation process pre-date him and will post-date his confirmation , " Rothkopf said . "  The reality is that Hagel wo n't drive  defense  policy , the president and Hill politics will . " And time will heal even these political wounds , Rothkopf said .	Senate votes 58-41 to confirm former Nebraska senator , a Republican Fight for Cabinet post was deeply partisan , uphill battle for Hagel Obama says he will rely on Hagel 's counsel on national security issues Hagel pledges to work with Congress ; Will be sworn in on Wednesday
CNN  -- Kim Jong Il was a source of misery for North Korea 's impoverished people and of fear for a world wary of his belligerent rhetoric -- but as an enduringly bizarre presence on the global stage , he was also an unexpected source of entertainment . While the reputedly ruthless leader was revered by a population weaned on propaganda , outside the hermetic Asian country what were seen as grandiose attempts at myth-making were seized on by popular culture . Online , Kim 's death generated Twitter trends that referenced the movies or shows that caricatured him as a villainous clown trapped in the bathos of his own cruel isolation . Kim did little to help his own international image . His eccentric appearances sporting bouffant hair , over-sized sunglasses and a succession of drab boiler suits were frequently viewed as comical counterpoints to the rights abuses of his regime . Meanwhile , as his country 's nuclear activities sparked diplomatic tensions , his media mouthpieces -- such as the Korean Central News Agency -- created their own unintentional humor as they swung wildly between angry invective and surreal flatteries of their "  Dear Leader . " Kim 's defining moment in recent popular culture appears to have been his portrayal in the 2004 film "  Team America : World Police , " a satire on U.S. President George W. Bush 's foreign policy . The film 's creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone paint the dictator as a foul-mouthed but misunderstood Bond villain whose plans for global chaos are constantly frustrated by incompetent underlings or bothersome international officials . In the hours after his death , "  Team America " references were trending on Twitter , particularly "  Hans Brix , " a nod to puppet Kim 's mispronunciation of Hans Blix , a real-life U.N. weapons inspector who , in the film , is fed to Kim 's man-eating sharks . Another key "  Team America " moment , when Kim ruefully bemoans his isolation in an opulent palace by singing about how he is lonely -- or "  ronrey " -- was also being heavily referenced on social media . Parker and Stone were no strangers to Kim-based satire . Their "  South Park " cartoon series cast him as part of a villainous gang that included Saddam Hussein , Osama bin Laden and , incongruously , magician David Blaine . In an appearance on media satire "  30 Rock , " comedian Margaret Cho played Kim as a North Korean weatherman , delivering the disingenuously upbeat forecast : "  North Korea , everything sunny all the time always , good time , beach party . " Fellow comic Bobby Lee plays the dictator as host of the "  Kim Jong Il Show " on MADtv , shooting dead audience members who fail to cheer and delivering punchlines such as : "  Do n't cry because I kill your wife and enslave your children . " Post-death , there was renewed interest in websites that have sought to highlight the strange picture of North Korea created by its propaganda machine . "  Kim Jong-Il Looking at Things , " is an online gallery of photographs showing the dictator staring at banal objects . The images draw unintentional bleak humor from their repeated and blatant misrepresentation of life under a dictatorship . Among recent entries , Kim can be seen looking at a pink sweater , pointing at a persimmon tree in full fruit , glumly inspecting a statuette of knights on horseback and grinning at a supermarket shelf packed with sausages . Another website has trawled news bulletins on the official Korean Central News Agency to create a "  random insult generator " that neatly encapsulates the peculiar version of the English language favored by Kim 's regime . As regular KCNA watchers can confirm , typical generator exhortations such as "  You bourgeois stooge , " and "  You reckless human scum , you will be dealt a thousandfold retaliatory blow ! " are eerily close to the real thing .	Kim Jong Il leaves behind an unlikely legacy in popular culture North Korean grandiose portrayal of its leader inspired comedians Twitter trends reference "  Team America , " a film that featured a puppet Kim
Washington  CNN  -- A State Department employee who resigned last month in protest over America 's war in Afghanistan said Friday he has received an outpouring of support from Afghan-Americans and U.S. active-duty military . "  I 've had a lot of Afghan-Americans contact me and say , ` Matt , you get it , ' " Matthew Hoh told CNN . "  You understand -- yes , there is a civil war going on . You understand how Afghan society works . You understand this split within the Pashtuns . You understand valley-ism , or whatever you want to call it . " The 36-year-old former Marine Corps captain resigned on September 10 over what he termed a "  cavalier , politically expedient and Pollyannaish misadventure . " Since then , even active-duty military have supported his decision , he said on CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " scheduled to air at 1 p.m. ET Sunday on CNN . "  I have received many many e-mails from active-duty military and some guys who just separated from the service , " Hoh said . "  Some guys are here in the States . I 've gotten many e-mails from guys in Afghanistan . Some are people I know . But a lot are people I do not know . Men and women who are saying , ` Thanks for doing this . Keep it up . We do n't know why we 're here . We 're not sure why we 're taking these casualties . We do n't know what it 's accomplishing . ' " In his letter , the senior civilian representative in Zabul Province , Afghanistan , said he was resigning because "  I fail to see the value or worth in continued U.S. casualties or expenditures of resources in support of the Afghan government in what is , truly , a 35-year-old civil war . " He concluded the letter by saying that he had "  lost confidence " that the "  dead have sacrificed for a purpose worthy of futures lost , love vanished and promised dreams unkept . " "  I believe that the people we are fighting there are fighting us because we are occupying them , " Hoh told CNN earlier this week . "  Not for any ideological reasons , not because of any links to al Qaeda , not because of any fundamental hatred towards the West . The only reason they 're fighting us is because we 're occupying them . " After Hoh submitted his resignation , Richard Holbrooke , the Obama administration 's special representative in Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan , made a plea for Hoh to change his mind . Hoh refused . "  The offer was to join his staff and be put in a position where I could continue to write and try to influence policymakers from within the administration , " Hoh said Friday . "  Two things : One , if I believed in the mission , if I believed it was worth our guys dying for , if I believed that 60,000 troops in Afghanistan would defeat al Qaeda somehow -- which it wo n't -- I would have stayed in Zabul Province , " he said . "  However , the other part of it , too , was that I realized that the administration was going to make its decision shortly and then I would be stuck . And if I do n't believe in it , if I do n't believe this cause is right , if I do n't believe it 's justified , then there 's no reason to take that position . " CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen disagreed with Hoh 's assessment of Afghanistan . "  It 's not that our presence there is causing the problem , " he said . "  Quite the reverse : It is that we are not doing what we said were going to do , which is bringing a measure of security and a measure of prosperity . " But Afghanistan 's lack of infrastructure and "  human capital " make it an especially difficult mission , said Hoh , who served two tours in Iraq as a Marine . "  In Iraq , even though it was stuck in the '80s , it had infrastructure , it had human capital , " he said . "  It had doctors and lawyers and educators . And they had an established system of government , they had an infrastructure we could build on . Afghanistan has none of that . " In his letter , Hoh -- who signed on in March for a yearlong , noncareer position with the State Department -- said the cost of a war with no end in sight and no clear mission was too much to bear . "  I do not believe any military force has ever been tasked with such a complex , opaque and Sisyphean mission as the U.S. military has received in Afghanistan , " Hoh wrote . News of Hoh 's resignation came as the administration continues to deliberate whether to change course in an eight-year conflict once dubbed a "  war of necessity " by President Obama . Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , reportedly has submitted a request for as many as 40,000 additional troops . McChrystal 's request is being weighed against a backdrop of spiraling U.S. military fatalities . There have been 58 American military fatalities in October , making it the deadliest month for U.S. armed forces in Afghanistan since the war began in October 2001 . More troops is not the way to go , Hoh said Friday . "  Increasing troops is only going to fuel insurgency . We need to stop our combat operations in areas where we are fighting people only because they are fighting us . Otherwise , it 's going to be 2013 , we 're going to look back four years and we 're going to say , "  What did we accomplish ? What did we get ? What was this worth ? What did we get out of this ? " State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said the administration respects Hoh 's decision . "  We take his opinions very seriously , " Kelly said . "  Senior officials on the ground in Afghanistan and here in Washington have talked to him , have heard him out . We respect ... his right to dissent . "	Matthew Hoh says Afghan-Americans , active-duty military members have shown support Hoh resigned after saying he did n't believe in the war , which was essentially a civil war Hoh believes increasing troops is only going to fuel insurgency , not help the problems Hoh says he believes insurgents are fighting U.S. because we are occupying their land
CNN  -- For Poland 's National Ballet , the present no longer means reveling in the fleet-footed legends of past stage glories . Instead , the focus is on creating a program as international and challenging as that of any major company on the planet . The country 's national ballet has been up and running since April 2009  when it was given artistic autonomy within the existing structures of the Teatr Wielki "  Grand Theater " in Warsaw  , pushing out exciting new works and stage shows to wide acclaim . Polish ballet 's reputation has subsequently been given a new lease of life and the company 's output has been positively received . See also : Why you should get to know Polish literature At the helm of this transformation is Krzysztof Pastor , a globally renowned choreographer from Gdansk , northern Poland . Pastor returned to the land of his birth from the Netherlands -- where he still holds a post as a resident choreographer at the Dutch National Ballet -- to take up the post of director when the new company was formed . "  For everyone in Poland , not only for ballet dancers but also in other jobs , you know one has to be innovative , creative , " Pastor explained . "  That 's the importance of art . We should be sort of avant-garde  with  this creativity and innovation , " he added . Representing modern Poland Pastor 's mission is to create a dance company that reflects Poland 's rebirth after a turbulent century of wars , occupations and repression . According to the Teatr Wielki , ballet has played a prominent role in Polish culture since as far back as the 16th century when the first choreographed displays began appearing in the country 's royal courts . During the romantic period of the 19th century , the Warsaw Ballet was even considered one Europe 's leading ensembles . But Poland 's traumatic experiences in the 20th century meant a lower output than in previous generations on the ballet front : not anymore . See also : Polish street art goes large "  Somebody asked me what I think and how the company should be in the future , " Pastor said . "  I think it should reflect the society , you know , with ambitions . " Attracting international talent With scores of dancers and productions , the complex artistic operation is far from a one-man-show . But according to prima ballerina Marta Feidler the potential of this dance company could only have been fulfilled with Pastor 's homecoming . "  We were really happy because we felt that it was really  an  opportunity for us to change something from the old years , when everything was so strict and closed actually , not opened for the world . "  So he  Pastor  changed a lot of things of thinking , of showing the dancers how it 's supposed to work , " she added . Part of being open and creative means the national ballet is now an international company and a place where people from outside Poland want to dance and work . See also : Explore Poland 's majestic cultural heritage For Pastor , this means attracting the best talent to Poland from around the world . "  Our mission is to go outside and show that we are a young , dynamic , innovative and creative company . I think I have accomplished something but I 'm also aware that there is still a long way to go , " he said .	Poland 's National Ballet is going from strength to strength Globally renowned choreographer Krzysztof Pastor is the visionary director Pastor sees his work as reflecting a new , confident and outgoing Poland
CNN  -- Ricardo Benejam is a born-and-bred New Yorker . He grew up with a view of the World Trade Center from the window of his childhood apartment in lower Manhattan . On September 11 , 2001 , he was a freshman in high school when the twin towers fell . "  I had actually blurted out , ` We 'll be going to war , ' " he recalls . "  You knew it was n't an accident . That was my first thought at 14 -LSB- years old -RSB- . " He witnessed the devastation firsthand as he walked home that day . "  I saw cars that were littered with dust , " he said . "  I saw people in business suits that were littered in dust . " Before the attack , Benejam was considering a career in law enforcement or the military . His father , who died of a heart attack in 2002 , worked briefly for the New York City Police Department , and his uncle served in the Navy during the Vietnam War . In 2006 , the day before his 19th birthday , Benejam was sworn into the U.S. Army . "  One of the main reasons was a promise that I kept to my father that I would enlist , " Benejam said , "  and the second reason was the 9/11 attacks . I definitely wanted to serve as a result of that . " Benejam was stationed in Ft. Drum , New York , where he trained as a human resources specialist . He first deployed to Afghanistan for three months in 2007 . He went back in 2009 , this time staying a full year . "  I did my job , " said Benejam . "  I did what I was sent to do and I supported those guys in my unit . " In 2011 , his service ended . He set his sights on continuing his education and working , but coming home was n't easy . "  The first week or so , I 'd be waking up and I 'm like , ` I 'm going to be late for formation , ' " remembers Benejam . "  And I 'm like , ` There 's no more formation . ' " Families face more challenges when military parents return Benejam credits the work ethic he learned in the Army with his success at home , saying , "  I think what actually helped me transition a little bit better is that I started school right after I got out . " He is just two semesters away from getting his bachelor 's degree in criminal justice from Monroe College in the Bronx . Benejam visits ground zero several times a week now , not just to pay respect to his fellow veterans or to reflect on the events that inspired him to serve his country . He works at the 9/11 Memorial . "  Working down there , it 's like you 're continuing to serve because you 're telling the story of what happened and what was there before , " he said . Part of what makes his job so special is the bond he shares with other veterans visiting the site . "  You meet a veteran , and it 's almost like seeing a brother or sister , " Benejam said . "  A lot of us have deployed  as a result of  what happened on 9/11 . " On the day CNN visited Benejam at the 9/11 Memorial , he was answering visitors ' questions about the "  Survivor Tree . " "  It 's the only tree that actually survived the initial attacks , " he explains . "  It actually survived not only the attacks itself but already two nor'easter s and two hurricanes . " Benejam , too , is a survivor . He 's thriving in his post-military life . When CNN asked what advice he would offer to other veterans coming home , his reply was reflective and hopeful , much like memorial where he works . "  It may start off rocky , but , you know , there 's light at the end of the tunnel . Just stay positive , and good things will happen . "	Ricardo Benejam was born and raised in New York City and saw the twin towers fall Benejam enlisted in the Army and was deployed to Afghanistan in 2007 and 2009 He now works at the 9/11 Memorial as a visitor services host Benejam : It 's like you 're continuing to serve because you 're telling the story
CNN  -- Why is the Mona Lisa the most famous painting in the world ? Her enigmatic smile ? The mystery surrounding her identity ? The fact she was painted by Renaissance pin-up boy Leonardo da Vinci ? Sure , all of these things helped boost the popularity of the 16th century masterpiece . But what really catapulted the small , unassuming portrait to international stardom was a daring burglary over 100 years ago . When Italian handyman Vincenzo Peruggia stole the Mona Lisa from the Louvre in 1911 , he never could have guessed her absence would be the very thing that made her the most recognizable painting on the planet . Suddenly images of the artwork were splashed across international newspapers , as the two-year police hunt hit dead-end after dead-end . It was n't until December 1913 -- exactly 100 years ago next month -- that Peruggia was finally caught and the Mona Lisa recovered , becoming the best known painting in a time before we shared images on TV , internet , and phones . Today , she is the jewel in the Louvre 's crown , helping attract over 9.7 million visitors to the Paris museum last year , and immortalized in everything from Andy Warhol 's pop art to Dan Brown 's bestselling novel , "  The Da Vinci Code . " But had Peruggia instead slipped another artwork under his cloak that fateful day , it could have been a very different story . "  If a different one of Leonardo 's works had been stolen , then that would have been the most famous work in the world -- not the Mona Lisa , " said Noah Charney , professor of art history and author of "  The Thefts of the Mona Lisa . " "  There was nothing that really distinguished it per se , other than it was a very good work by a very famous artist -- that 's until it was stolen , " he added . "  The theft is what really skyrocketed its appeal and made it a household name . " Bold burglar So how did Peruggia pull off one of the greatest art heists of all time ? With mind-boggling ease , it seems . The handyman had been hired by the Louvre to make protective glass cases for some its famous works -- including the Mona Lisa . After hiding in a closet overnight , he simply removed the painting , hid it under his smock , and was about to waltz out of the building when he discovered the door was locked . Desperate Peruggia removed the doorknob , but still it would n't open -- until a helpful plumber passing by opened the door with his key . It was 24 hours before anyone even noticed the Mona Lisa was missing , with artworks often removed to be photographed or cleaned . "  The Louvre had over 400 rooms but only 200 guards and even fewer on duty overnight , " said Charney , founder of the Association for Research into Crimes against Art  ARCA  . "  There were basically no alarms in play . " "  It was under-secure . But to be fair , most museums were at that time . " Front page news The French press had a field day , seeing it as an opportunity to poke fun at the seemingly inept government which ran the Louvre . This was an era where newspapers were really taking off , and pretty soon the theft -- and the image of the Mona Lisa -- was splashed across the world . "  60 detectives seek stolen Mona Lisa , French public indignant , " reported the New York Times . For the first time there were queues outside the Louvre , just to see the empty space where the painting had hung . "  The theft launched it into becoming a household name for people who had never been to Europe and had no interest in art , " said Charney , adding : "  And it 's really just continued from there . " Over the next two years , the bungling police investigation dragged on , with Pablo Picasso a suspect at one point . The force even interviewed Peruggia twice , before concluding he could n't possibly be the man behind the brazen burglary . Discovery The head of the Paris police retired in shame . And then two years later , an art dealer in Florence received a letter from a man saying he had the Mona Lisa . It was signed "  Leonardo . " The man was of course Peruggia . After setting up a meeting with the dealer and the director of the Uffizi gallery in Florence , Peruggia turned up with the painting which had spent years hidden in a trunk in his apartment . Peruggia , then 32 years old , claimed to have stolen the artwork to return her to her native Italy . He was arrested and eventually sentenced to seven months jail . "  He seemed to have genuinely been convinced he would be heralded as a national hero and genuinely dismayed to discover he was n't , " said Charney , adding : "  He was maybe a few pickles short of a sandwich , but not a lunatic . " For most of us , the Mona Lisa will only ever be seen from behind bullet-proof glass , a thumbnail in the distance , smiling her knowing-smile behind jostling tourists with camera phones held aloft . But for over two years Peruggia had the famous woman all to himself . Did he fall in love with her ? "  I think so , " said Charney . "  There are a number of thieves who have stolen art and have suffered a sort of ` reverse Stockholm syndrome ' -- where the hostage-taker falls in love with the hostage . " "  In this case , the hostage was a work of art . " Stove ashes probed for traces of stolen Picasso , Matisse , Monet works	The Mona Lisa is the most famous painting in the world . But why ? Theft over 100 years ago helped catapult artwork to international stardom Leonardo da Vinci 's masterpiece now attracts millions of visitors to Louvre
CNN  -- The vast Tsukiji Market in Tokyo is where the country 's finest delicacies are sold and auctioned , not only fish -- for which the market is famous -- but also fruit and vegetable . Earlier this month , UNESCO , the U.N. cultural organization , added traditional Japanese cuisine , or "  washoku , " into its Intangible Cultural Heritage list . " ` Wa ' means Japanese , ` shoku ' means ` to eat ' or ` meal ' or anything food-related , " explains cooking instructor and "  washoku " enthusiast Reiko Yoshikawa . For Japanese , food is associated with many things . "  First of all , it means happiness , the gathering , of being together , " Yoshikawa says . "  Nutrition , in a sense , is also very important and also the appreciation to nature . " Yoshikawa guided CNN through the legendary marketplace , which is set to be relocated in 2016 . Like many shoppers , she is particular where she gets her supply . A fish stall called Di Nobu , for example , is where she sources her tuna . Food is taken seriously in Japan , and it 's not only seafood , for which the country is famous . Melons are highly prized , and those grown in Japanese greenhouses are considered the perfect fruit and can command high prices . During an auction a box of six melons fetches around $ 250 -- "  the highest price today , " Yoshikawa says . See more : An insider guide to Tokyo 's Tsukiji fish market "  Washoku " is the 22nd Japanese cultural asset to be listed on UNESCO 's heritage list , which also includes the country 's theater forms such as Kabuki , Noh and Bunraku . The U.N. recognition is another sign of how Japanese food has begun to earn global accolades .  In 2010 , French gastronomy was included into the UNESCO list . In the past half-decade , Japan has quickly emerged as a major force in fine dining . It has 27 three-starred restaurants in the 2014 Michelin guide . The figure is matched only by France , a country long regarded as home to the world 's finest restaurants , chefs and cuisine . But in contrast to the rarefied world of fine dining and superstar chefs , "  washoku , " the world-recognized national treasure , is not anything fancy . "  It 's comfort food , " Yoshikawa says . "  It 's not something that you eat out in restaurants . The image , the impression of Japanese food outside of Japan is probably something that you would eat out at a restaurant . But , no , it 's actually very simple , very seasonal . " Yenni Kwok contributed to this report CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	UNESCO added traditional Japanese cuisine , or "  washoku , " into its Intangible Cultural Heritage list Ingredients play an important role in the traditional Japanese cuisine , particularly how fresh they are
CNN  -- Although the bombs went off miles from her house , the young woman in Damascus still felt them in her gut . Boom ! Her windows rattled as she ran to her computer . "  What happened ?!?!?!? " she typed furiously into Skype , sending the message to her friends . What Alexia Jade heard was the thunderous clap of two car bombs exploding outside a Syrian air force intelligence compound outside Damascus Monday night . The web of tweeters , Facebookers and Skypers that have helped keep younger Syrians informed about the war that 's been raging in their country the past year and a half answered her soon enough . "  It was a moment of slight shock when I knew that the blast was in the air force intelligence branch , " she told CNN . "  I have always heard stories about that place . Former detainees call it a hellhole . "  It is certainly one of the worst detaining centers ever . " Alexia Jade is not her real name . The young woman is an activist who has protested against the Syrian government , and she insisted on using an alias to protect her against reprisals for talking to reporters . Air force intelligence , known as the AFI , is considered the elite , primary agency of Syria 's intelligence matrix . There are 17 branches of Syrian intelligence , according to Syrian experts . President Bashar al-Assad relies on AFI to gather information on rebels fighting to oust him . The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights raised the possibility that "  hundreds of regime forces " were killed in the attack , but concrete casualty figures were impossible to obtain . Government opponents also said they feared for the lives of "  hundreds if not thousands of anti-government detainees that are being held in the basements of the air force security compound . " The strike could hurt al-Assad because the intelligence agency is such an important branch of the president 's security and spying apparatus . "  Depending on the number of people killed , this could be a severe blow to the regime , " said David Lesch , a Trinity University Middle East history professor who spent a good deal of time with al-Assad in Syria before the uprising , interviewing him and those close to him . Lesch has written two books about Syria and the Assads . "  A strike at a compound like that could be a major blow symbolically but also practically with all the listening devices and tools perhaps destroyed , " he said . The air force intelligence agency runs detention facilities in major cities . In one Human Rights Watch report this year , former detainees described being beaten , whipped and electrocuted and burned with hot water and acid in a center run by air force personnel . In one account , a detainee said he was forced into a "  flying carpet " position -- where someone is forced onto their belly as their arms and hands tied are tied behind them . Some detainees said they were strung up by their hands for hours at a time . The use of torture by those who ostensibly answer to the regime has been well-documented throughout the Syrian war . Susan Ahmad , a 31-year-old teacher who lives in a Damascus suburb , recalled feeling creeped out every time she walked past the compound . "  It was a dirty place , horrifying , " she said . "  I know deep in my heart there are innocent people down there being tortured . I could smell blood and hear the sounds of screams . I feel death is there . " She also felt the bombs go off . "  It was a very noisy night and hectic , " she said . "  There were many explosions around Damascus . " Al-Assad 's army shelled Ahmad 's neighborhood . She figured it was in retaliation for the bombs . "  It was clear they were freaking out and just shooting and shelling randomly , " she said . "  They are really intimidated and when they get afraid , they just start shooting everywhere at anything that moves in every part of Damascus . " "  It is the worst feeling in the world , " she continued . "  The sound of the mortar when it flies directly above your building -- sssssssssss -- through the air . You lose your breath for a moment and deep in your heart you know someone was killed . "  It 's really hard and really painful . I would rather be shelled than hear the sound of shelling in other areas . " Rebels fighting to oust al-Assad told CNN that they fear many detainees were killed in the blasts . Opposition forces are not the ones claiming to have targeted the Air Force Intelligence compound . "  We ... fear for the lives of hundreds if not thousands of anti-government detainees that are being held in the basements of the air force security compound , " said Rami Abdulrahman of the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . A shadowy jihadist group called al Nusra Front claimed to have set off the bombs , according to an online statement that appeared on jihadist websites Tuesday . The organization came to prominence during the Syrian uprising , and has claimed several high-profile strikes at the heart of the Syrian capital in the past several months . The group explained that Tuesday 's attack had three stages : first , a suicide car bomb carrying 9 tons of explosives detonated at the gates of the building ; second , 25 minutes later , a suicide bomber drove an ambulance carrying 1 ton of explosives , detonating where air force troops were awaiting treatment ; third , a mortar barrage aimed at the site of the blast . Lesch pointed out that even if an entire building were decimated , many other parts of the intelligence apparatus remain in Syria . The al-Assad family established the complex web to ensure that no single group had power , and other groups could step in if one group was undermined . The singular importance of the AFI goes back to Hafez Assad , Bashar 's father , Lesch explained . Hafez Assad was a commander in the air force in the 1960s before a coup enabled him to take control of Syria in 1970 . "  The air force intelligence has always been close to the Assad family , " he said . As the war has dragged on , Bashar al-Assad has repeatedly blamed "  terrorists " for the violence in his country . Opposition fighters blame his regime for causing most of the bloodshed . Between these two versions stands what has become increasingly apparent -- there are likely jihadists and foreign fighters active in Syria . Some of these fighters are with groups linked to al Qaeda . Their presence , many experts say , makes it far less likely that the West would involve itself in the Syrian conflict . Last September , Alexia Jade said , a Syrian air force intelligence officer pointed his gun at her head . The air force was trying to break up an anti-al-Assad protest . "  There was one thing in his eyes , " she said . " ` Shoot the target . ' It did not matter that I was a woman . " Some of the protestors created a diversion near the air force officer , shouting and yelling at him . He turned and they all scattered . Jade and her friends escaped , she said , but four people were killed in the protest that day . Everyone fears the air force intelligence branch of the Syrian military , she said . Susan Ahmad believes the regime has laid down increasing firepower to get back at those it perceives have attacked it . She also used an alias , fearing reprisals if she spoke to a reporter using her real name . "  They arrest more people , humiliate more people , harass more people , " she said . "  Maybe it 's a way of boosting the soldiers ' confidence . They let them do what they want and kill who they want . " On Tuesday morning , Ahmad still headed to her teaching job in central Damascus . She could n't take public transportation . All roads leading to the capital were closed , and men at a checkpoint would not grant entry to most civilians , she said . "  The city is closed , " Ahmad said . "  All cars were forced to turn around , so the roads are empty . " Businesses are closed . Read more : Who is arming the Syrian conflict ? The blasts were among a barrage of explosions , gunfire and shelling reported from the Damascus area early Tuesday , suggesting the civil war may be zeroing in further on the Syrian capital . "  This is the largest blast I have ever felt since the uprising began , " said Omar al-Khani , an opposition activist . "  One of my windows is blown out , and neighbors ' plates were knocked down from the table to the ground . " Less than half an hour later , al-Khani said , there was another explosion , followed by intermittent gunfire as a thick plume of smoke unfurled across the capital . Read more : Damascus residents attempt ` normal life ' In the Damascas suburb of Harasta , violence continued in the form of shelling , opposition activists said . At least one person was killed and several homes destroyed "  due to the heavy and indiscriminate shelling " of the suburb , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . There were also reports of shelling in Aleppo and Idlib provinces . Rebel forces took complete control of the town of Maaret al-Numan in Idlib province after 48 hours of clashes and shelling from regime forces . A highway connecting Damascus to Aleppo runs through the town . Omar Abo alHoda , a citizen journalist in Idlib province , told CNN that over a year ago , Syrian troops set up eight military posts in the town , which has a population of about 140,000 people . The bases were to protect the highway from opposition attacks , with each post having between 70 and 100 Syrian troops , along with tanks , heavy and light weapons among other resources , he said . Local residents claim troops used the posts as bases to launch attacks on civilian areas . On Monday afternoon , thousands of rebel troops overran the military posts , using tanks , rocket fire , rocket-propelled grenades and gunfire , alHoda said . The regime responded with heavy firepower . Some troops were killed , the journalist said , and others were captured by the opposition . Twenty-nine people were killed in Idlib , the LCC said . In another Damascus suburb , Daraya , at least 25 bodies clustered together were found burned , the opposition group said . The LCC said 197 people were reported dead across Syria on Tuesday . CNN is unable to independently confirm reports of casualties or violence because the Syrian government has restricted access by international journalists .	NEW : At least 197 people reported dead in war-torn country on Tuesday Syrians : Struck compound held detention place where people were tortured A jihadist group claims responsibility for the attack , which it says had three stages Air Force Intelligence is an elite branch , close to the al-Assad regime , an expert says
CNN  -- Billy Bean , a former major league player who announced after his career that he is gay , has been appointed as an "  ambassador of inclusion , " Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig said Tuesday . It is the latest move as the major sports leagues in the United States ramp up efforts to promote inclusion and fight discrimination . As a consultant , Bean will work with teams in the majors and in the minor leagues to provide guidance and training against homophobia , prejudice and sexism , MLB said . "  As a young man , I silently walked away from baseball for all the wrong reasons , and today I am truly humbled that the commissioner 's office has brought me back to lead the effort on inclusion , " Bean said . A year ago Major League Baseball issued a policy to protect players from discrimination and harassment based on their sexual orientation . The code is posted in every locker room . Currently , there are no openly gay major leaguers . Bean , 50 , played six seasons for three different teams : the Detroit Tigers , Los Angeles Dodgers , and the San Diego Padres . He played his last game in 1995 . He told Outsports three years ago that he retired after his played in a game rather than attend his partner 's funeral . In 1999 , Bean told a columnist for the Miami Herald that he is gay , making him the second former player to come out . On Tuesday , MLB honored the late Glenn Burke , who was the only major league player to tell teammates during his playing career that he was gay . Three years after his career ended in 1979 , he publicly acknowledged his homosexuality in an interview with Inside Sports magazine . He died in 1995 . Lutha Burke attended Tuesday 's tribute to her brother . She said her brother would be happy but would wonder about all the fuss "  because when you 're just busy trying to live a life and be a decent human being , and play the sport as best you can , with all the respect you can , it should be a done deal or an easy deal for anyone . " The National Hockey League , which also has no openly gay players , began teaming with the You Can Play Project , an advocacy group for gays in sports , in 2013 . The league has said the partnership will include education and training for fans , players and teams . The NFL , which saw Michael Sam become the first openly gay player drafted , has met with gay and lesbian groups and had a former player who is gay speak at an owners meeting . The league also has sessions on tolerance during sessions for rookies . Jason Collins became the first publicly openly gay player in a major U.S. sports league when he took the court for the NBA 's Boston Celtics . That league has for years partnered with the Gay , Lesbian & Straight Education Network .	Billy Bean came out in 1999 , four years after his career ended He will lead MLB 's training efforts against homophobia , prejudice , sexism MLB also posthumously honored its first gay player , Glenn Burke Burke came out to teammates during his career , did so publicly later
CNN  -- Last month the TEDx talk I gave was posted online . Now it has been viewed over a million times . The talk itself is nothing groundbreaking . It 's a couple of stories and observations about working as a model for the last decade . I gave the talk because I wanted to tell an honest personal narrative of what privilege means . I wanted to answer questions like how did I become a model . I always just say , " I was scouted , " but that means nothing . The real way that I became a model is that I won a genetic lottery , and I am the recipient of a legacy . What do I mean by legacy ? Well , for the past few centuries we have defined beauty not just as health and youth and symmetry that we 're biologically programmed to admire , but also as tall , slender figures , and femininity and white skin . And this is a legacy that was built for me , and it 's a legacy that I 've been cashing in on . Some fashionistas may think , "  Wait . Naomi . Tyra . Joan Smalls . Liu Wen . " But the truth is that in 2007 when an inspired NYU Ph.D. student counted all the models on the runway , of the 677 models hired , only 27 , or less than four percent , were non-white . Usually TED only invites the most accomplished and famous people in the world to give talks . I hoped telling a simple story -- where my only qualification was life experience  not a degree , award , successful business or book  -- could encourage those of us who make media to elevate other personal narratives : the stories of someone like Trayvon Martin , the undocumented worker , the candidate without money for press . Instead my talk reinforced the observations I highlighted in it : that beauty and femininity and race have made me the candy of mass media , the "  once you pop you just ca n't stop " of news . In particular it is the barrage of media requests I 've had that confirm that how I look and what I do for a living attracts enormous undeserved attention . Do I want a TV show ? Do I want to write a book ? Do I want to appear in a movie ? Do I want to speak to CNN , NBC , NPR , the Times of India , Cosmo , this blogger and that journal ? Do I want to speak at this high school , at that college , at Harvard Law School or at other conferences ? TED.com : A teen just trying to figure it out I am not a uniquely accomplished 25-year-old . I 've modeled for 10 years and I took six years to finish my undergraduate degree part-time , graduating this past June with honors from Columbia University . If I ever had needed to put together a CV it would be quite short . Like many young people I 'd highlight my desire to work hard . But hard work is not why I have been successful as a model . I 'm not saying I 'm lazy . But the most important part of my job is to show up with a 23-inch waist , looking young , feminine and white . This should n't really shock anyone . Models are chosen solely based on looks . But what was shocking to me is that when I spoke , the way I look catapulted what I had to say on to the front page . Even if I did give a good talk , is what I have to say more important and interesting than what Colin Powell said ?  He spoke at the same event and his talk has about a quarter of the view count . TED.com : Isaac Mizrahi on fashion and creativity Like many young people I believe I have potential to make a positive impact in the world . But if I speak from a platform that relies on how I look , I worry that I will not have made room for anyone else to come after me . I will have reinforced that beauty and race and privilege get you a news story . The schoolteacher without adequate support , the domestic worker without rights , they wo n't be up there with me . So what do I do ? I am being handed press when good press for important issues is hard to come by . These outlets are the same outlets that spent two years not reporting a new drone base in Saudi Arabia while press in the UK covered it . They are the same organizations that have forgotten New Orleans and forgotten to follow up on contractors who are n't fulfilling their responsibilities there -- important not only for the people of NOLA , but also for setting a precedent for the victims of Sandy , and of the many storms to come whose frequency and severity will rise as our climate changes . TED . com : Amy Tan on where creativity hides Should I tell stories like these instead of my own ? I do n't feel like I have the authority or experience to do so . How can we change this cycle ? The rise of the Internet and the camera phone have started to change what stories are accessible . And we now have the ability to build more participatory media structures . The Internet often comes up with good answers to difficult questions . So I ask : How can we build media platforms accessible to a diversity of content creators ? On a personal note , what should I talk about ? Do I refuse these offers outright because of my lack of experience , because I 'm not the right person to tell the stories that are missing from the media ? Can I figure out a way to leverage my access to bring new voices into the conversation ? Right now I 'm cautiously accepting a few requests and figuring out what it all means . I 'm listening , tweet me @cameroncrussell The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cameron Russell .	Model Cameron Russell 's TED Talk has been viewed more than a million times She says , as winner of "  genetic lottery , " she has been able to have a modeling career Her looks fit a narrow definition of beauty , she says Russell : I work hard but my modeling career gives my views undeserved attention
Perris , California  CNN  -- No one has ever intentionally taken a nose dive off the roof of the world before . In the 61 years since Edmund Hillary and sherpa Tenzing Norgay reached the top of Mount Everest , most of the 5,000-plus people have descended from the summit the same way they came up : on foot . A few have paraglided down . Joby Ogwyn has other plans . Everest men : On top of the world in 1963 The ultra-daredevil plans to plunge off the world 's tallest mountain in May while wearing a custom wing-suit equipped with cameras to share the jump with a TV audience . "  I 'm very scared . I think it 's the fear of death or destruction that kind of keeps you above that , " he told CNN on Wednesday at skydiving practice . "  But I 'm not afraid to die . I 'm not afraid to live my life on my own terms . And this is my dream and I am willing to risk everything to make it happen . " It 's not like the 39-year-old Ogwyn is unfamiliar with the 29,035-foot tall mountain . He was 24 the first time he reached the summit , which at the time made him the youngest American to do so . He 's scaled the mountain from a base-camp in just 9Â 1/2 hours . And three years ago , he did a test jump from an airplane . Mount Everest : By the numbers The star of the National Geographic television show "  Adventure Wanted " learned the effect the thin air at that height would have on his summit jump . "  I thought I would fall out of the sky a little bit , " he said . "  In fact what I did was fly faster and further than I could have in that thicker air  at lower altitudes  . " When he flies in May , he expects to reach speeds of 150 mph during the 10,000-foot dive to base camp . Wingsuit flier dies after cliff crash horror "  I never saw myself as a very gifted athlete , " said Ogwyn , who was raised in Louisiana . "  I do have a very high threshold for pain and suffering at very high altitudes . " He said it 's important to win the mental battle . What 's in your head and heart are more important than what 's in your arms or legs , he said . The Discovery Channel , which televised Nik Wallenda 's tight rope walk over the Grand Canyon last year and Felix Baumgartner 's jump from the edge of space in 2012 , has said it will show Ogwyn 's jump live , though no firm date has been set . Ogwyn said he will reach the summit then change into his suit and put on his helmet . He 'll take three or four steps . "  And I will be out of there . " Police to be stationed at Everest base camp following mountain ` brawl ' last year Climbers recount deadly traffic jam on Everest CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Like many , Joby Ogwyn has scaled Mount Everest then hiked back down But now he wants to leap from the top in a special suit and fly to a base camp Louisiana native says he has a high threshold for pain He expects to reach speeds of 150 mph during the 10,000-foot flight down
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Prince Harry , the red-headed younger son of Britain 's Prince Charles and the late Diana , Princess of Wales , is back in the headlines after a British tabloid posted a home video of him using an offensive term to describe an Army colleague . Prince Harry 's behavior landed him on the front pages of British newspapers . Some of those who have watched him closely through the years see a pattern which they blame on royal destiny rather than racism or ignorance . The video , much of it apparently shot by the prince himself in 2006 , led to predictable howls of condemnation , not least from the sensation-seeking newspaper that published it . News of the World posted the video on its Web site under the headline "  Prince Harry video nasty that will spark outrage . " Harry , who is third in line to the throne , immediately issued an apology through a spokesman for referring to a soldier from Pakistan as "  our little Paki friend . " Watch video which has sparked controversy " The word "  Paki " is considered deeply offensive by many in Britain -- comparable to the "  n-word " in the United States , said Harry biographer Mark Saunders . "  That word is just unacceptable , " Saunders said . It was not the first time Harry had been forced to apologize for offending people . In 2005 , the News of the World 's sister paper The Sun obtained and published a photograph of him wearing a Nazi uniform at a party , prompting an apology and a promise that he had learned his lesson . Penny Junor , who has written several books on Britain 's royal family , says she suspects Harry may get himself into embarrassing situations more often than his older brother William at least partly because Harry does not expect to become king . "  Fundamentally it probably has a great deal to do with being number two , " said Junor , the author of "  The Firm : The Troubled Life of the House of Windsor . " "  He 's a spare , not an heir . " She said : "  The older ones are very much groomed for the task at hand . Those in charge sometimes miss a trick with the younger members " of the family , she said . Harry 's father , Prince Charles , may want to avoid trying to rein his son in too much , Junor theorized . "  I 'm sure that Charles thinks it 's putting an impossible burden on him to really nail Harry down to the floor when his future is uncertain , " she said . "  Their lives are very restricted in many ways . It 's a burden being the Prince of Wales , number two in line , number three in line . There is a tendency to try and relieve the burden from the children by not jumping down their throats every time they do something stupid . " In this generation , Harry has been much more likely than William to be the one doing "  something stupid , " she admitted . William was criticized last year for landing an Army helicopter in a field belonging to his girlfriend 's parents , but the incident did not cause the same uproar as Harry 's two gaffes . Harry may have engaged in more outrageous behavior than his older brother simply because of his personality , Junor added . "  He 's much more frivolous than William , more an impetuous party animal , " she said , also describing him as "  not the brightest brain in Britain . " "  The older child , because he knows there is a seriousness to the position he was born to , knows from day one what is expected of him , " she said . "  The younger one has all of the frustrations of that without knowing  if  he will inherit the throne . " Saunders , the author of "  Prince Harry : The Biography , " has observed the same pattern . "  Even when  Harry  was a young boy he was a maverick , " said Saunders . "  Harry used to play with the photographers , whereas you would never get that with William . " "  William formed a bond with his father , " based in part on the throne the two men expect to inherit -- which Harry likely never will , Saunders said . "  There 's a job that only William , his father and the queen can share . " Not expecting to become king may have freed Harry , Saunders speculated . "  This started a long time ago .  Harry  said ' I am me , and I am going to be me . ' With Harry there have been several moments , gross errors . He has made missteps , " Saunders said . "  You could argue that there are simply the mistakes of a young man growing up -- but William could never afford to make those kind of mistakes . " It is a pattern that has been repeating , to an extent , in the royal family for generations . Prince Andrew , one of Prince Charles ' younger brothers , has something of a reputation as a playboy , while the queen 's late younger sister , Princess Margaret , bucked convention in her own day , seeking to marry a divorced man . The British newspaper , The Guardian summed up the piquancy of being a younger sibling of the sovereign in Margaret 's obituary in 2002 , noting she had been second in line to the throne throughout her teens , but was 11th by the time she died . "  They have all the pressures of being a member of the family , " Junor said , "  without the reward of being the top person . "	Royal watchers see a pattern in Prince Harry 's errant behavior Latest furor over offensive remark made about Pakistani military colleague Authors say second son syndrome may be to blame Prince has had to apologize for offensive behavior before
New Delhi  CNN  -- Bal Thackeray , a staunch advocate of Hindu nationalism in India and the leader of a political party that dominated the country 's financial capital , died Saturday , his spokesman said . The 86-year-old Thackeray was a charismatic founder and head of Shiv Sena , the nationalist movement most powerful in the city of Mumbai and the Maharashtra state . Spokesman Rahul Narvekar said Thackeray died of cardiac arrest and his cremation will be held on Sunday . Thackeray emerged in the 1960s as a populist leader for the Marathi people , who dominated Mumbai and the Maharashtra state . Once a newspaper cartoonist , he rose to fame for defending Marathi interests as migrants from other communities streamed into the city , known at the time as Bombay . The movement has immense political power in Mumbai , India 's financial center and site of the legendary Bollywood film industry . Its symbol is an orange flag , seen planted across Mumbai . Thackeray was instrumental in having the name of Bombay changed to Mumbai , a Marathi name . And Thackeray had developed a reputation among many Indians as a bit of a godfather , revered by his followers but feared by others . Over the years , the Shiv Sena movement grew in popularity across India as a Hindu nationalist movement . Shiv Sena and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh appealed for calm after his death was announced , and authorities have deployed police officers across Mumbai in the wake of his death . In a series of Twitter messages , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Thackeray 's leadership helped build Shiv Sena into a "  formidable force " in Maharahstra . "  He was a consummate communicator whose stature in the politics of Maharashtra was unique , " Singh said . "  For him the interests of Maharashtra were particularly important and he always strived to inculcate a sense of pride in its people . " People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Bal Thackeray founded Shiv Sena , a powerful political party The movement was founded to defend the Marathi people He was instrumental in having the name of Bombay changed to Mumbai Shiv Sena and PM Manmohan Singh appeal for calm
CNN  -- Beasts of burden , winners of wars and beloved as the sport of Kings -- now horses are being used to cure the ills of modern life . From the time ancient Egyptians worshiped feline deities , animals have been viewed as a source of strength and healing . Renowned psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud believed dogs helped his patients relax during sessions , while the Soviets used dolphins to treat people with mental health disorders in the 1980s . Today , rabbits , guinea pigs and even the humble gold fish are used to promote a sense of responsibility and wellbeing everywhere from the classroom to the retirement home . And an increasing number of mental health patients are turning to horses as a legitimate form of therapy -- claiming impressive results where traditional counseling has failed . No longer viewed as simply a crackpot alternative remedy for the rich and famous , equine therapy has gained a devoted following of psychoanalysts who say it has the power to heal people suffering from depression , bipolar disorder , phobias , anger issues and trauma . "  It used to be seen as ridiculous , an airy fairy treatment used by celebrities with drug and alcohol addictions , " said Mike Delaney , clinical director at Leading Equine Assisted Therapy  LEAP  , based in Gloucestershire , south west England . "  But attitudes have changed a lot . We 're now a part of the British Association for Counseling & Psychotherapy  BACP  for example . " The wife of Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney helped boost equine therapy 's public profile this year when she revealed it helped her overcome depression , after being diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis 14 years ago . Ann Romney , who co-owns a horse which competed in the London 2012 Olympic dressage competition , told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " that horses had motivated her to get out of bed , even in her darkest days . Across the pond , equine therapy is going from strength to strength , with the Equine Assisted Growth and Learning Association  EAGALA  , originally based in the U.S. , training more than 1,500 therapists in Britain last year . The UK arm says they are now seeing hundreds of new inquiries , compared to just a handful a few years ago . Patients include domestic abuse victims , young offenders and servicemen suffering post traumatic stress -- often turning to their four-legged friends after finding traditional counseling failed them . Equine Assisted Therapy  EAT  usually involves the patient interacting with a horse , alongside a professional councilor and horse handler . Activities might include discussing the horse 's character , teaching them to jump over obstacles , grooming and cleaning out stables . "  For a woman who has been a victim of domestic violence , getting the horse to run around her in a circle , may seem simple , but it 's a very powerful thing , " Delaney , also clinical director at the Bayberry Clinic in Oxfordshire , in south east England , said . "  Building a relationship with the horse and getting it to respect them , really builds self esteem and confidence . " For people who find traditional psychoanalysis too intense , equine therapy can be a way of opening up dialogue with a councilor . "  The thought of sitting in a room opposite a councilor and telling them the same story again is too much for some people , particularly children , " Delaney said . "  But when a horse pays attention to them , they get that sense of trust and love back . It enables traditional therapy to happen , rather than being its own thing . " However , scientific evidence of its effectiveness remains thin on the ground , and is mostly anecdotal . "  I 've never heard of a medical referral for equine therapy , " Psychotherapist Robin Walton , a member of the UK Council for Psychotherapy  UKCP  , said . "  But factors such as being outside and freed from the confines of an office could be tremendously beneficial for the relationship between the patient and therapist . " Delaney recently completed a study in which 40 teenagers from sexually abusive backgrounds were treated with equine therapy once-a-week . The youngsters , aged between nine and 14-years-old , undertook horsemanship training and counselling as part of their eight-week treatment . "  The change in their behavior was tangible , " Delaney said . "  The first week they were looking at the ground , too scared to interact with people . "  By the end of the last week they were hugging people , dealing with their anger and managing their emotions . " For patients coming from traumatic home lives , the fresh air of the great outdoors and chance to socialize , are just as much a part of the healing process as the horses themselves , added Delaney . A 14-year-old girl who was able to overcome her agoraphobia -- a fear of being in public places - was also highlighted by Dr Hannah Burgon , managing director at Sirona Therapeutic Horsemanship in Devon , south east England . "  She had a love of horses , which was the motivating factor for getting her to leave the house , " Dr Burgon said . "  It helped her build up a relationship with the psychotherapist and work through a lot of issues . " "  She 's now able to go on shopping trips with her mother and recently went on her first family holiday . " However , therapy does n't come cheap , with a 90-minute session at Sirona costing Â # 82 , usually run once-a-week over a six-week course . The healing power of horses goes back to an age-old relationship with man , according to Burgon . "  We 've got this innate connection to horses . They 've been our transport , our friends , our beasts of burden , we 've won wars on them , " she said . "  They 've very social animals and the emotional part of their brain is very large . But there 's also a powerful element to them . They 're not domestic like dogs or cats , they 're born wild and have to be tamed . You have to earn their trust . " For some people who have come up against hardship , equine therapy may be just the thing to help them get back in the saddle of life .	Throughout history , humans have relied on animals as a way of improving mental health Equine therapy has grown in popularity in Britain in recent years Psychoanalysts claim it can help depression , bipolar disorder and anger issues Hard evidence remains scarce , largely anecdotal
LONDON , England  CNN  -- You 're sitting in an airport lounge and seize the chance to check your e-mails before your flight departs . You log on and are tempted by a wireless Internet provider offering free Internet access . So , do you take it ? Wi-Fi users have been warned to protect their computers against potential hackers at Wi-Fi hotspots . Security experts warn that hackers may be masquerading as free public Wi-Fi providers to gain access to the laptops of unsuspecting travelers . All it takes , they say , is a computer program downloaded from the Internet , an open access point and a user who has ignored basic security advice . "  The difficulty for travelers is differentiating between a good Internet access hotspot and a rogue , or somebody trying to actually glean credentials from you . The issue is that you do n't necessarily know the difference between a good and a bad one , " computer security expert Sean Remnant told CNN . In 2008 , AirTight Networks dispatched a number of so-called "  white hat " hackers to 27 airports around the world to test the vulnerability of their Wi-Fi systems . They found that 80 percent of the private Wi-Fi networks tested were open or poorly protected . The wireless security company also found that basic services at several airports , including baggage handling systems , were vulnerable to hackers . Operators were using Wired Equivalent Privacy , known as WEP , which was found to provide inadequate protection to hackers as early as 2001 . One year after the survey was conducted , CNN Business Traveler met Remnant at London 's Heathrow airport , which was not included in the original survey , to test the potential dangers to unprotected Wi-Fi users . Watch what happened when we took a hacker to Heathrow " Armed with a laptop , our "  white hat " hacker took a seat in the crowded departure lounge at Terminal 3 and proceeded to scan the airwaves with his laptop , using a program he downloaded form the Internet called Airodump . "  It dumps everything in the air , " Remnant explained . "  So if I execute the command to start Airodump , instantly I 'm seeing probably 20 wireless networks with four or five of those having relatively weak server security . " "  There are several risks just on this screen , " he continued . "  One is that we actually do n't know whether the public networks are legitimate or not . " The original survey conducted by AirTight Networks found the most common name for rogue Wi-Fi points was "  Free Public Wi-Fi . " "  You 'd have no idea if somebody sitting down to a laptop was a casual traveler trying to collect their email from an open port , or actually they were setting up a rogue access point , " Remnant said . "  Your security guys in the airport are n't going to spot someone doing this because it 's a technical thing , " he added . Once connected , the hacker would have access to everything on your screen , from passwords , to bank account details , to the contents of e-mails . Do you suspect you 've been a victim of Wi-Fi hacking ? Tell us your story in Sound Off And it 's not just happening at airports . The rapid spread of Wi-Fi networks to cafes , hotels and even entire cities is providing hackers with more opportunities to ply their trade . Last month , Venice rolled out what is believed to be Europe 's most extensive Wi-Fi network . According to mobile media company Jiwire , there are now more than 273,000 free and pay Wi-Fi locations in 140 countries . The majority can be found in the United States , China , the United Kingdom and France . And most hotspots are located in hotels , along with cafes and restaurants . However , the Wi-Fi Alliance , an industry group that tests and certifies Wi-Fi equipment , says the increased availability of Wi-Fi has not led to a rise in hacking cases . "  We certainly have n't seen any kind of sudden epidemic of hackers in open hotspots or anything like that , " said the group 's marketing director , Kelly Davis-Felner . She said all Wi-Fi enabled devices have in-built security measures , and all users need to do is to switch them on . The most up-to-date wireless security system is WPA2 , which provides greater protection than its predecessors WPA and WEP . "  If you 're updating Facebook , or checking your personal e-mail or surfing the Web , there 's really no reason at all to worry about using an open network , " Davis-Felner said . "  Any kind of online shopping or banking or anything that would require you to exchange sensitive data over the airwaves , then we advise people to exercise caution . " The best way to protect sensitive information is to use a Virtual Private Network , or VPN , which encrypts the data moving to and from your laptop . Kiran Deshpande , president of AirTight Networks , had this advice for travelers : "  Connect only to the networks that you trust . Make sure that your communication is secure , disconnect the wireless when you stop using it , and maintain the list of wireless connections that you use on your laptop so that you do n't accidentally connect to networks that may spring up when you 're traveling . "	Security experts warn Wi-Fi users to be more vigilant against hackers Experts say it 's difficult to distinguish between legitimate and rogue networks Wi-Fi Alliance says spread of Wi-Fi has n't led to an ` epidemic ' of hacking Users urged to protect their networks , use VPN for sensitive data
CNN  -- Television pioneer and longtime CBS executive Don Hewitt , the creator of "  60 Minutes , " has died , the network said Wednesday . He was 86 . Don Hewitt joined CBS News in 1948 . Hewitt , who had been battling pancreatic cancer , died at his home in Bridgehampton , New York , surrounded by his family , CBS said . The winner of eight Emmy and two Peabody awards , Hewitt began working for CBS News as an associate director in 1948 . He was executive producer of "  60 Minutes " when it premiered on CBS on September 24 , 1968 . Hewitt stepped down in June 2004 , but the program remains on the air and is the number-one news program , according to CBS News ' Web site . "  In the history of journalism , there have been few who were as creative , dynamic and versatile as Don Hewitt , " said CBS Corp. . President Leslie Moonves . "  The depth and breadth of his accomplishments are impossible to measure , because since the very beginnings of our business , he quite literally invented so many of the vehicles by which we now communicate the news . " Watch how Hewitt innovated television news " "  He was bursting with passion for what we do : telling stories , " said Jon Klein , president of CNN , who previously worked at CBS and oversaw "  60 Minutes . " Klein recalled his first day on the job as a 37-year-old , when Hewitt took him to lunch and told him , "  Listen , kid . It 's very simple . I have 10 ideas a day . Nine of them are terrible . Your job is to tell me which one is great . " "  Don Hewitt did n't need a boss , " Klein said . "  What he needed was somebody to bounce ideas off of . " "  It is a sad and difficult time for all of us who work at '60 Minutes , ' " Jeff Fager , the program 's current executive producer , said in a CBS statement . "  Don was a giant figure in our lives and will always have an impact on this broadcast -- there 's a part of him in every one of us , and it affects every decision we make . He will be remembered as a brilliant editor and storyteller , an irrepressible force who changed journalism forever . " Born in 1922 in New York , Hewitt started his career in newspapers . "  His picture experience prompted a friend in 1948 to tell him about television , where CBS News had a job opening , " according to a CBS statement . He told reporters years later his response was : "  Whatavision ? " He directed the first television network newscast on May 3 , 1948 , featuring Douglas Edwards , the network said . In 1960 , he was named executive producer of "  The CBS Evening News with Walter Cronkite , " a position he held for five years . In 1963 , the Cronkite broadcast became the first to go to a half-hour format . Hewitt 's innovations included the use of cue cards for news readers -- an early version of the electronic teleprompter that is used today , CBS said . In addition , he was the first to use "  supers " -- captions and other written information superimposed on the lower third of the television screen , Klein said . And he was the first to use the film "  double " -- cutting back and forth between projectors , CBS said . Hewitt also produced and directed coverage for the three main television networks for the first-ever televised presidential debate in 1960 between Richard Nixon and John F. Kennedy . "  Critics have long maintained that Kennedy won the debate because he looked better , " CBS said . Hewitt recalled that he offered makeup to Kennedy first , but he refused , and Nixon followed suit . "  But the suntanned Kennedy was a vigorous contrast to Nixon , whose pasty complexion put his five o'clock shadow in high relief , " CBS said . In hindsight , Hewitt recalled the incident as "  the first step in the dangerous dance between politicians and the special interests that provide the big money to buy the now-crucial political television advertising , " CBS said . Hewitt was removed from his post at "  The CBS Evening News with Walter Cronkite " after what CBS refers to as "  the NBC playbook incident , " according to CBS . Hewitt found a lost copy of NBC 's coverage playbook at the 1964 Republican Convention and pocketed it , intending to use it to scoop his competitors . He gave it back "  after an NBC producer , it is said , threatened to throw him out a hotel window , " CBS said . Following his removal from the news program , Hewitt "  knew he was off the frontlines , " according to CBS News . "  Exiled with time on his hands , Hewitt then slowly emerged with the idea for what would become the most successful television program in history . " Hewitt has publicly said that the lowest point for "  60 Minutes " was the Jeffrey Wigand story -- an interview with the highest-ranking tobacco executive to become a whistleblower . The interview was held back by CBS management out of fear of a $ 10 billion lawsuit that could bankrupt the company , according to the network statement . "  The initial spiking of the interview , in which Wigand revealed tobacco executives knew and covered up the fact that tobacco caused disease , led to an unusual '60 Minutes ' segment , " CBS ' statement said . "  A portion of it , with Wigand disguised , was broadcast , followed by an unprecedented rebuke of management read on the air by Mike Wallace . " The interview was aired in its entirety a few months later , in February 1997 . A movie about the incident , "  The Insider " was made the following year . Hewitt said he felt he had no choice but to comply with management , opting to "  fight another day " instead of quit , CBS said . But he later acknowledged in a documentary he was not proud of his actions at the time . He often told reporters inquiring about the secret of "  60 Minutes " that it was four words every child knows : "  Tell me a story . " Hewitt authored two books -- "  Tell Me a Story : Fifty Years , " and "  Minute by Minute . " Hewitt won every major award in television journalism and was inducted into the Television Academy Hall of Fame in 1990 . After leaving "  60 Minutes " in 2004 , Hewitt was named executive producer of CBS News , where his duties included brainstorming ideas for television news and working on specials , the network said . As recently as 2007 , Hewitt was executive producer of the first-ever network television special coverage of the Radio City Music Hall Christmas Show on NBC . Hewitt is survived by his wife of 30 years , Marilyn Berger , along with his children and grandchildren , CBS said . His funeral will be private .	Television news pioneer , 86 , was battling pancreatic cancer Hewitt innovated cue cards and captions , created "  60 Minutes " in 1968 "  60 Minutes " executive producer : He was a "  force who changed journalism forever " Award-winning journalist inducted into Television Academy Hall of Fame in 1990
LA PAZ , Bolivia  CNN  -- An air of anxiety clutches Bolivia this weekend amid high-stakes talks designed to end bloodshed and keep the country whole . Bolivian President Evo Morales says opposition leaders are trying to overthrow the government . The central government of leftist President Evo Morales , Bolivia 's first leader from an Indian majority centered in the western highlands , is conducting talks with governors of largely white provinces in the east who want autonomy . Tension between the two sides erupted into violence that killed at least 30 people in September . In addition , differences about the country 's future have threatened to split the country . Julian Torrico , a peasant leader , said he and other Morales supporters will storm the eastern city of Santa Cruz if the talks , which started Thursday , do not yield progress . "  We will go into Santa Cruz and respond with force because they have  marginalized  us and massacred us , so we will massacre them and we will take their land away from them , " he said . Watch protesters march in Santa Cruz " "  The fight here is between poor and rich . The government of Evo Morales took power by a majority and now these opposition governors do n't want to let him govern , " Torrico said . Anyelo Cespedes , president of the Santa Cruz Youth Union , which opposes Morales , said they do n't want a dictatorship or a communist regime . "  We have our way of life and we do n't want that changed , " he said . The central government and eastern governors are discussing topics that include the distribution of natural-gas revenues , autonomy for several eastern provinces and the president 's plan for a new constitution . Those negotiations may offer one of the final chances to reverse Bolivia 's slide toward violent instability , according to Gonzalo Chavez , an analyst . "  This is probably one of the few opportunities that we 're going to have to solve the problems of the country , " he said . Four of nine provinces in Bolivia have declared autonomy from the central government in referendums this year . Morales , an ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and former Cuban President Fidel Castro , said the moves could cause Bolivia to disintegrate . The eastern opposition leaders have long opposed a decision of the Morales government to divert some revenue from oil and gas produced in the region to pay for government programs for the elderly . They have also opposed his plans to revise the constitution to give greater rights to the indigenous majority . The differences flared into violence with opposition protesters occupying government buildings and energy installations . Morales has said the opposition leaders are trying to overthrow the government . He expelled U.S. Ambassador to Bolivia Philip Goldberg on the grounds that he urged anti-government protesters to get violent , an assertion the United States has denied . "  This is a coup in the past few days by the leaders of some provinces , with the takeover of some institutions , the sacking and robbery of some government institutions and attempts to assault the national police and the armed forces , " Morales has said . Opposition leaders said they merely want their demands met . Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza of the Organization of American States arrived in Bolivia on Friday to encourage dialogue . He expressed optimism based on the "  preliminary results " from the talks . Representatives of the Organization of American States and the 12-nation Union of South American Countries are among a group of international observers that has come to Bolivia for the negotiations . Ivan Canelas , a government spokesman , said the talks provide a critical opportunity to break an impasse that has split the country for months . "  We understand that making peace requires the suspension of all forms of pressure , " he said . Gov. Mario Cossio of the eastern Tarija state said he and other opposition leaders hope to reach a final agreement . He said they hope "  to build a national agreement that Bolivia needs , that the Bolivians want . " He said the goal is to "  give peace back to our country and give certainty to Bolivia . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul and Gloria Carrasco contributed to this story .	Bolivian leaders plan to hold talks designed to bring peace to country Four provinces in Bolivia have declared autonomy from the central government At least 30 people have died in September
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Demonstrators packed Kiev 's Independence Square in freezing temperatures on Sunday , rallying in defiance of new laws that set limitations on the right to protest . Protesters and police accused each other of attacks during the large demonstration , which stretched into the early morning hours . Ukraine 's Interior Ministry said protesters , wearing masks and helmets , used flares , tear gas , baseball bats and stones in clashes with police , breaking doors and windows on police buses and trying to take over government buildings . Video from the scene showed protesters and police squaring off , with demonstrators hurling Molotov cocktails toward officers . The ministry said 30 police were injured , and one was taken hostage by the protesters and later released . A post on a Facebook page for Olesia Orobets , an opposition lawmaker , said she had been attacked by police and her phone had been taken away . Estimates of the number of protesters in the capital 's square varied widely . At least four of them were detained by police , the Interior Ministry said . Negotiations possible Sunday 's protest marked the latest fallout over legislation that was approved Thursday by lawmakers loyal to Ukraine 's pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych , who signed it into law soon afterward . Amid the clashes , there were some signs that the opposing sides might soon sit together at the negotiating table . Opposition leader Arseniy Yatsenyuk said Sunday that he had received a call from Yanukovych saying the government was prepared to negotiate with the opposition . The President 's office said he was creating a working group to overcome the political crisis and had ordered it to meet with the opposition . The clashes and possible move toward talks come in the wake of weeks of public protests after Yanukovych 's decision in November to spurn a planned a trade deal with the European Union and turn toward Russia instead . The new law includes provisions barring people from wearing helmets and masks to rallies and from setting up tents or sound equipment without prior police permission . Opposition politicians have objected to the way that Yanukovych 's Party of Regions pushed the bill through the parliament , the Verkhovna Rada . Vitali Klitschko , an opposition leader and former heavyweight boxing champion , said the law -- which was adopted by a show of hands -- was "  invalid , " according to his UDAR party 's website . He stood between the police and the crowd in the square , trying to prevent violence . The far-right Svoboda Party said in a news release that people were "  outraged by the Party of Regions actions at the Verkhovna Rada and their recently adopted draconian laws . Protesters are demanding resignation of the government and asking the authorities to stop the persecution of activists . " Kerry : ` Anti-democratic ' steps The U.S. Embassy called for an end to the violence in the streets Sunday . "  We further urge the Government of Ukraine to immediately start negotiations with all sides to resolve the political standoff , address protestors ' concerns , and prevent violence from spreading , " the embassy said Sunday . "  Violence only serves to foster fear and confusion , and distracts from the need for a political solution , which is the best way to carry out the will of the Ukrainian people . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry also criticized the new legislation in remarks Friday , saying it was "  rammed through " the parliament "  without transparency and accountability " and that it "  violates all the norms " of the European Union . "  We believe deeply that the people of Ukraine want to affiliate and want to be associated with Europe and they want to turn in that direction , " Kerry said . "  And the steps that were taken yesterday are anti-democratic , they 're wrong , they are taking from the people of Ukraine their choice and their opportunity for the future . " In December , despite weeks of protest by anti-government protesters , Yanukovych agreed to a deal with Russia 's President Vladimir Putin for Moscow to buy Ukrainian debt and slash the price Kiev pays for its gas . The tumult in Ukraine goes to the heart of its future ties with Russia and the rest of Europe . Ukraine is split between pro-European regions in the west and a more Russia-oriented east . The protests have unfolded since November 21 , when Yanukovych changed his stance on the EU trade pact , which had been years in the making . The demonstrators say an EU agreement would open borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion . Ukraine 's government said the terms needed to be renegotiated to better protect Ukrainians . Journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	NEW : The President 's office says a working group will meet with the opposition 30 police officers were injured in clashes , the Interior Ministry says Interior Ministry says some protesters tried to march on government buildings The new law was passed by lawmakers loyal to Ukraine 's president in a show of hands
CNN  -- New York City has seen a jarring last-minute twist in the race for mayor , in which the current mayor , Michael Bloomberg , may have given a crucial boost to the person he would probably least like to see succeed him in City Hall . Bill de Blasio , who surged into the lead among the Democrats running for mayor , has been campaigning for months as a progressive bent on governing in a way that alters or reverses many of Bloomberg 's cherished policies -- starting with de Blasio 's proposal to raise taxes on households earning $ 500,000 or more per year . De Blasio , who is married to a black woman , has also made a series of campaign ads that include his biracial teenage children . Bloomberg , in a magazine interview , dismissed de Blasio 's campaign as "  class warfare and racist . " Asked to explain the inflammatory charge , Bloomberg said de Blasio is "  making an appeal using his family to gain support . I think it 's pretty obvious to anyone watching what he 's been doing . I do not think he himself is racist . It 's comparable to me pointing out I 'm Jewish in attracting the Jewish vote . " The comment is , on its face , questionable . Click here and look at the videos for yourself . If de Blasio is using his telegenic family to good effect , it 's no different from what candidates have been doing for centuries . If the comment was intended to halt de Blasio 's momentum , it surely failed -- and appears to have backfired -- with the most relevant audience , the active Democratic base likely to turn out on primary day . In fact , within hours of publication of the mayor 's remarks , de Blasio was using the dust-up as part of a fund-raising appeal to supporters . Gov. Andrew Cuomo sided with de Blasio as well . "  The comments that were reported clearly are out of line and have no place in our political discourse , " Cuomo told reporters . "  There 's plenty of substantive issues to be discussing without raising unnecessary and inflammatory topics . " The dust-up is more than just an ill-timed misstatement by Bloomberg . It may also illustrate his frustration and impatience after months of bashing by the Democratic mayoral candidates . A self-made billionaire who is the wealthiest person in New York , Bloomberg does not suffer fools gladly . "  Hizzoner has a few choice words for you if he does n't like your policy idea , but his words of choice are usually variations of dumb and stupid , " the Daily News noted earlier this year . "  Mayor Bloomberg has the unlovely habit of hearing all sides of a question -- for about 60 seconds , when he trots out his personal thought-stopper : ` Let 's get serious , ' " columnist Richard Brookhiser noted in 2005 . "  This means that he is serious , you are not . He is smart , you are dumb . He has billions , you do not . " Keep in mind that this bracing assessment by Brookhiser comes from a nationally known conservative who was explaining why he intended to vote for Bloomberg . This is not a warm and cuddly mayor . But New Yorkers are looking for someone who is more empathetic : In a recent poll , 65 % of New Yorkers said they want the city to move in a different direction . And a comparable percentage said that an endorsement from Bloomberg would have no effect or make them less likely to support a candidate . In addition to swallowing that tough reality , Bloomberg has recently encountered setbacks that foreshadow the dropping of the final curtain on his administration at the end of the year . Over Bloomberg 's strenuous objections , federal courts have appointed monitors to oversee hiring in the city 's fire department  which is currently 3.4 % black  and to reduce and restructure the police department 's use of stop-and-frisk tactics . The normally toothless City Council overrode two Bloomberg vetoes to create an NYPD inspector general and to make it easier for citizens to sue if they think the police have illegally profiled them . De Blasio championed virtually all of the lawsuits and legislation that led to additional oversight of Bloomberg 's agencies , and specifically campaigned on his opposition to Bloomberg . And de Blasio 's call to tax the city 's wealthy -- with the proceeds used to pay for pre-kindergarten and afterschool programs for children -- is anathema to the mayor , who called the plan "  about as dumb a policy as anyone could think of . " That sort of dismissive comment means one thing coming from a billionaire at the helm of city government . But if , as expected , de Blasio finishes first in the Democratic primary on Tuesday , it will signal something else entirely : the tolling of the bell making clear that the 12-year reign of Michael Bloomberg is , unmistakably , coming to a close . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Errol Louis .	Errol Louis : In interview NY Mayor Bloomberg called de Blasio 's campaign "  racist " His comment that de Blasio using mixed-race family in campaign backfired , Louis says He says de Blasio campaigns to upend many Bloomberg policies , mayor likely chafing at this Louis : If de Blasio wins primary , it will signal Bloomberg 's 12-year tenure truly coming to close
Rolling Stone  -- One of the most stunning moments in Cameron Crowe 's new Pearl Jam documentary comes near the end , when the band plays "  Better Man " at Madison Square Garden and the audience euphorically screams along to every word . The soundtrack to the film -- which contains that "  Better Man " -- is for those hardcore fans . There 's no "  Jeremy , " "  Daughter " or "  Even Flow " here . But there is a gorgeous demo of "  Nothing as It Seems " from 1999 , a demo of the 1990 Temple of the Dog track "  Say Hello 2 Heaven " and an early version of "  Alive , " from Pearl Jam 's second show , in December 1990 . The emotional high point may be "  Crown of Thorns , " from a gig in 2000 . The song was first cut by Mother Love Bone shortly before their frontman Andrew Wood died ; the group recruited Vedder and changed its name to Pearl Jam . Wood always dreamed that his band would be hugely famous , and in Vedder 's hands his greatest song is reborn as the arena-rock anthem it was meant to be . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The soundtrack to the film is for those hardcore fans There 's no "  Jeremy , " "  Daughter " or "  Even Flow " here The emotional high point may be "  Crown of Thorns , " from a gig in 2000
CNN  -- Every morning Kong Kit Tam goes on a 7 a.m. walk around his neighborhood - not for exercise , but for money . Tam is a paper scavenger . His currency is waste paper . For the past three years , he has dug into dirty garbage cans to pull out old newsprint and has shuffled through dimly-lit back alleys to haul out used cardboard boxes . An empty carton of Marlboro cigarettes , a torn envelope for an electricity bill and a pink pastry box get stuffed into his shoulder bag today . He sells it all to a recycler for money . "  Each month I might earn $ 100 or $ 200 or $ 300 Hong Kong dollars , " Tam says . That 's $ 12 to $ 36 U.S. dollars and is his only source of income . The short , rumpled 50-year old talks through a slight smile but his circumstances are no joke . "  I never thought that I would be doing this , " Tam admits . "  I do it to survive , it 's my livelihood . " Tam 's life stands in stark contrast to a Hong Kong more famous for its iconic skyline and glitzy high life as an Asian hub for global financial firms . A Hong Kong government report released last month revealed that the city 's wealth gap is the widest in the developed world . Tam is a prime example of that other extreme . And he is not the only one . "  There are an estimated 10,000 people who are recycling scavengers in Hong Kong , " says Sze Lai Shan , a well-known local rights activist and social worker for Hong Kong 's Society for Community Organization , or SOCO . But paper scavengers like Tam are making much less money today than last year . The reason is thousands of miles away , says Jacky Lau , president of one of Hong Kong 's oldest recycling companies . "  Europe is facing many economic problems and this has translated to fewer manufacturing orders for clothes and toys in China , " explains Lau . "  Fewer orders mean a slowing demand for paper boxes , so prices have fallen dramatically . " Standing among bales of crushed plastic bottles and piles of books waiting to be recycled , Lau says that one kilogram of waste paper would have gotten about 18 cents this time last year . Today , that value has been halved . Adam Minter , who runs the China-based blog Shanghai Scrap , says the recycling industry as a whole is one of the first to experience a slowdown in the event of a global economic slump . "  The street prices -LSB- for scrap metal -RSB- are down along the east coast of China -- down 50 % from highs of about 6 months ago . They 're very sensitive to demand for raw materials . " And the paper industry can be even more delicate . "  Paper might be the most consumer sensitive of all because it 's used in packaging - and packaging is used for everything , " said Minter , who has just finished writing a book about the globalization of the waste and recycling industry . And Hong Kong waste recovery companies are feeling the pinch because 98 % of Hong Kong 's recovered paper goes to be recycled in China , says Lau . He adds several of the city 's 400 firms have already closed down . And he 's not optimistic the economy will make a comeback this year . "  July is when prices should start to pick up . Retailers in Europe and the U.S. should be placing their Christmas orders right now but business has remained relatively quiet . The second half of this year is looking rather grim . " Lau said he earned up to $ 400,000 last year . This year , he expects to just break even . As for Tam , his hope is just a dollar a day . Like Lau , he is equally uncertain about the future . Back at his tiny 9th story walk-up , entirely subsidized by the government , Tam stashes his paper trash in a corner under a table until he makes his weekly trek to the recycler . The money he makes mostly goes to food for himself , his disabled 32-year old wife and his 10-year old daughter . Tam , who moved to Hong Kong from Guangdong province three years ago , explains that is the only thing he can do for money . He never went to high school and only did four years of elementary school -- two years at each level because of his mental disability . "  I 'm not sure about next year . Prices might rise or fall . It 's like buying shares , you never know whether they are going to rise or fall . " And so Tam 's only hedge is to keep scavenging for even more paper , shuffling along the city 's streets and hoping that prices rise again . CNN 's Anjali Tsui and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report	10,000 of Hong Kong 's poor depend on collecting scrap paper The slowdown in Europe is hurting paper collectors like Kong Kit Tam Tam makes between $ 12 and $ 36 collecting scrap paper from trash The scrap business is a bellwether industry for rising or falling business cycles
CNN  -- Roger Federer refused to blame an ongoing back problem after being dumped out at Indian Wells by long-term rival Rafael Nadal . Federer , who could now drop to World No. 3 should Andy Murray reach the final , was beaten 6-4 6-2 by the Spaniard . The 31-year-old looked to be playing through the pain barrier during his last-16 win over compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka just 24 hours earlier . But the 17-time grand slam winner did not use his back complaint as an excuse for his performance as his quest for a record fifth triumph at Indian Wells fell flat . Federer , Nadal to renew rivalry " -LSB- It was the -RSB- same as against Stan . I mean , I could play , " Federer told reporters . "  I 'm happy to be out there and able to compete . But it 's obviously a small issue . " Instead , Nadal avenged last year 's semifinal defeat by the Swiss and took his record to 19-10 in matches against Federer . But the manner of victory was not lost on Nadal , who was quick to acknowledge the limitations of his opponent . "  I played a fantastic first set , in my opinion . The second set was strange , " said Nadal . "  The second set , I think Roger did n't fight as usual . He probably had some problems and he did n't feel comfortable enough to keep fighting . "  Both of us tried to play our best . I played much better than yesterday . "  My movements today were much , much better than yesterday , so I 'm very happy for that , especially after a long match yesterday , to be able to compete well the next day . " Federer : Good to have Rafa back This was the earliest the pair had met in a regular tournament since 2004 , when Nadal won their first meeting in the third round of the Sony Open Tennis in Miami . The 26-year-old will now face Tomas Berdych in his eighth consecutive semifinal at Indian Wells . The women 's quarterfinals were blighted by injury after defending champion Victoria Azarenka and seventh seed Sam Stosur both pulled out with injury . Djokovic , Azarenka extend unbeaten runs Azarenka , ranked two in the world , was forced to withdraw with tendinitis and inflammation in her right foot and ankle . "  That 's frustrating for me as a player , not knowing , " Azarenka told reporters after revealing she is unsure of her recovery time . "  Sometimes you think , OK , well , I rest three days and I 'm going to be fine with it . But when you do n't know the healing process it 's a little bit frustrating . " Stosur 's calf injury gifted Germany 's fourth seed Angelique Kerber a place in the last four where she will now play Caroline Wozniacki . In the other semifinal , 2006 winner Maria Sharapova will face fellow Russian Maria Kirilenko . It is the first time Kirlenko has made the final four at Indian Wells following wins over Agnieszka Radwanska and former Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova .	Rafael Nadal defated Roger Federer 6-4 6-2 in quarterfinal at Indian Wells Nadal will play Tomas Berdych in the semifinals Federer could lose World No. 2 spot to Andy Murray Maria Sharapova and Caroline Wozniacki into women 's semifinals
CNN  -- Top seed Caroline Wozniacki eased into the second round of the U.S. Open at Flushing Meadows , by beating qualifier Chelsey Gullickson in straight sets . The Dane , who is seeded first in the absence of the injured Serena Williams , recorded a 6-1 , 6-1 victory over American wild card Gullickson , though the match ended late in the night . The 20-year-old told the tournament 's official website that she was happy with the victory : "  It 's a long night . The matches before on the center court were so long . But , a win is a win , so it does n't really matter what time I get on . As long as I win , I 'm happy . " Last year 's beaten finalist will now face Kai-Chen Chang of Chinese Taipei in the second round . Home hopes distant at U.S. Open Elsewhere in the draw , Maria Sharapova fought back from one set down to defeat Australia 's Jarmila Groth in three sets . In temperatures approaching 100 degrees , the 2006 champion survived the early set-back to secure a 4-6 , 6-3 , 6-1 victory . Serbia 's Jelena Jankovic recovered from match point down to beat world number 96 Simona Halep in a contest which lasted over two hours . Romania 's Halep served for the match with the score at 5-4 in the third and final set , but Jankovic eventually prevailed , winning 6-4 , 4-6 ,7 -5 . Eighth seed Na Li of China was the highest-placed seed to be eliminated on Tuesday , succumbing to Russia 's Kateryna Bondarenko . Bondarenko , who reached the quarter-finals of this competition last year , lost the opening set before taking the match 2-6 , 6-4 , 6-2 . There were no such problems for seventh seed Vera Zvonareva , who took less than an hour to dispose of Slovakia 's Zuzana Kucova . Zvonareva , who won the U.S. Open doubles title in 2006 , breezed into the next round with a 6-2 , 6-1 success . There was reason for the American fans to cheers on day two also , with wild card Beatrice Capra celebrating a comfortable win over Croatia 's Karolina Sprem . Competing at her first grand slam , 18-year-old Capra took the match 6-1 , 6-3 .	Top seed Caroline Wozniacki eased into the second round of the U.S. Open at Flushing Meadows , by beating Chelsey Gullickson Maria Sharapova fought back from one set down to defeat Australia 's Jarmila Groth in three sets Serbia 's Jelena Jankovic recovered from match point down to beat world number 96 Simona Halep
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic confirmed his status as World No. 1 and denied Roger Federer a seventh title at the ATP World Tour Finals with a straight sets victory over his Swiss opponent at the O2 Arena Monday . The Serbian closed out victory after two hours 14 minutes of enthralling tennis , thumping his chest in trademark style to celebrate a 7-6 7-5 victory . He had trailed in each set to a break of service before hitting back in tenacious style to ultimately frustrate 17-time grand slam champion Federer . Both men came into the end of season showpiece in possession of a single grand slam title in 2012 and having held the coveted No. 1 spot , Djokovic taking it back when Federer skipped the preceding Paris Masters . But it was Djokovic who put the seal on another triumphant season with his second victory in the Tour Finals after 2008 , picking up the check for $ 1.7 million . "  Congratulations to Novak on an amazing tournament and an amazing year , You are the best . It has been an amazing year for me too , " Federer said . Federer would have been energized by the raucous reception he received at the start of the match from an expectant capacity crowd and he did not disappoint in the opening exchanges . He won the first nine points to break service and hold for 3-0 in a purple patch to match the color of his tennis shirt . But all season Djokovic has shown an incredible tenacity and here it was no exception . Federer 's 3-0 lead was erased as he broke back and then broke again to lead 5-4 and serve for the set . But Federer saved one set point before taking his first opportunity to break back to level at 5-5 . The quality of the tennis was undeniable and it continued into the tiebreaker where Djokovic twice edged ahead with mini breaks only for Federer to retrieve the situation . He saved one set point with an incredible lunge at 5-6 but lost the next two points as Djokovic closed out the opener . Federer might have been expected to be deflated but he gained an early break in the second set and held the advantage until serving to level at 5-4 where he frittered away a 40-15 lead . Djokovic was not going to be denied and swept through the next two games , breaking Federer for the fourth time in a pulsating match to take the title . It was only the fourth time in the 43-year history of the Tour Finals that the top two in the world rankings had met in the final and it had fully lived up to expectations . Federer , who had beaten home hope Andy Murray in the semifinals , was losing for only the second time in eight final appearances as he chased a hat-trick of titles .	Novak Djokovic wins ATP World Tour Finals in London Serbian beats Roger Federer 7-6 7-5 at the O2 Arena World No. 1 retrieves breaks of service in both sets Denies Federer a seventh title in the end of season showpiece
CNN  -- Two-time Masters champion Bernhard Langer has withdrawn from this year 's tournament after undergoing surgery on his left thumb . The operation to repair ligament damage sustained in a cycling accident will keep Langer out of action for up to eight weeks , bringing to an end an unbroken chain of 27 appearances at the Augusta National Golf Club . "  I 'm obviously disappointed that the injury occurred , but especially disappointed with such an important part of my schedule coming up , including the Masters , " Langer said in a statement , PGATour.com reported . "  I do , however , appreciate the fine care of Dr. Weiland and his team , and will work hard to recover to allow me to resume play on the Champions Tour this summer . " His thumb will be in a splint for five weeks but his doctors expect him to make a full recovery . Langer won his first Green Jacket in 1985 -- becoming only the second European player to win the tournament after Seve Ballesteros -- before going on to claim a second title in 1993 . The 53-year-old , who turned professional in 1976 , has enjoyed a sparkling career winning 42 times on the European Tour . He was also an integral part of Europe Ryder Cup team during their resurgence during the 1980s and 1990s , making a total of ten appearances as a player and one as captain in 2004 when Europe won by their biggest margin in the competition 's history . In 2007 , Langer joined the PGA Champions Tour and has become one of it 's most successful players winning a total of 14 titles . The most recent of these came at the ACE Group Classic in February . Last December , Langer was crowned Champions Tour Player of the Year after claiming five titles during the 2010 season . This year 's Masters tournament gets underway on April 7 .	Bernhard Langer will miss the 2011 Masters tournament for first time in 28 years Two-time Masters champion sidelined for eight weeks after thumb surgery German crowned Masters champion in 1985 and 1993
CNN  -- Years before the first Gulf War , Saddam Hussein was slaughtering Iraq 's Kurds with bombs , bullets and gas . Kurdish refugees fleeing Saddam Hussein 's chemical weapons attacks in 1988 . The Reagan White House saw it as a ruthless attempt to put down a rebellion by a minority ethnic group fighting for independence and allied with Iraq 's enemy , Iran . But Peter Galbraith thought it was something worse . "  A light went off in my head , and I said , ` Saddam Hussein is committing genocide , ' " said Galbraith , who was on the staff of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee at the time . An unabashed idealist , Galbraith was known for tackling unconventional issues . "  If you 're going to be idealistic in life , you 're going to be disappointed , " he said . "  But that 's not a reason to abandon idealism . " Galbraith was one of the first Westerners to witness the effects of the slaughter . During a fact-finding trip for the Senate in 1987 , he saw something troubling . "  When we crossed from the Arab part of Iraq into the Kurdish part of Iraq , the villages and towns that showed on our maps just were n't there , " he said . Bulldozing Kurdish villages was just the first phase of Hussein 's war against the Kurds . In 1988 , it escalated with chemical weapons . "  Thousands , maybe tens of thousands of people were killed in those attacks , and then Iraqi troops moved into those villages and gunned down the survivors . " Galbraith wanted to invoke the U.N. 's Genocide Convention , which requires countries to prevent and punish such crimes . "  We could not stand aside and allow Saddam Hussein to commit genocide against the Kurds of Iraq . " With the support of his boss , Democratic Sen. Claiborne Pell of Rhode Island , Galbraith drafted a bill -- the Prevention of Genocide Act -- that would cut off U.S. foreign aid to Iraq and impose a trade embargo . "  That would have been an appropriate response to a dictator who is gassing his own people , " Galbraith said . "  I thought with a name like that it would garner a lot of support . " But the compelling name was not enough . So Galbraith went back to the region to gather more evidence . Watch as Galbraith describes his fight to end the slaughter " Tens of thousands of Kurds had fled to Turkey . Survivors described blinding , burning clouds of poison gas that dropped people in their tracks . "  These people do n't make up these stories . These are real stories . And if you talk to them , if you simply talk to them ... you know that they 're telling the truth , " Galbraith said . His report was still not enough to persuade the White House to punish Saddam . Watch as Galbraith discusses genocide " The Reagan administration had invested several years cultivating Iraq as an ally against Iran , their mutual enemy , and as a market for U.S. products , including more than $ 1 billion a year in farm exports . The Prevention of Genocide Act would end the diplomatic courtship and hurt U.S businesses . Read once-secret documents from the Reagan administration "  I had a fellow who worked for one of the Louisiana senators call me up really in tears , " Galbraith said . "  And when I talked about genocide against the Kurds , he talked about the genocide that I was committing against the rice farmers of Louisiana . " Although then-Secretary of State George Schultz warned Iraq that use of outlawed chemical weapons jeopardized the two countries ' budding relationship , Schultz 's spokesman said imposing economic sanctions would be premature . Watch as George Schultz explains the administration 's position " To Galbraith , "  that was a morally repugnant statement . " The Reagan administration also claimed Galbraith 's bill used "  inaccurate terms like genocide . " But for Galbraith , this was no time for semantics . "  Should we have waited until he used chemical weapons again ? Should we have waited until instead of 5 percent of the Kurdish population was murdered -- 10 ? 15 ? " In the end , the House of Representatives killed Galbraith 's sanctions bill with backing from the Reagan administration . Politics had trumped principle . Galbraith calls the U.S. policy "  appeasement . " "  We were not able to modify Iraq 's behavior , " Galbraith said . "  And guess what ? " Two years later , in August 1990 , Iraq invaded Kuwait , its oil-rich neighbor to the south . This time , the U.S. compared Saddam to Hitler . And with Kuwait 's oil at stake , the U.S finally screamed bloody murder .	Years before the first Gulf War , Saddam Hussein was slaughtering Iraq 's Kurds Peter Galbraith was one of the first Westerners to see the effects of the killing A Senate staffer at the time , he tried to invoke the U.N. Genocide Convention The House killed his sanctions bill with backing from the Reagan White House
CNN  -- NASA officials said Saturday they are confident that space shuttle Discovery 's Wednesday launch will go as scheduled , sending a crew of six astronauts to the International Space Station on an 11-day mission . NASA Test Director Jeff Spaulding said mechanical repairs on the shuttle 's system used to pressurize Discovery 's right hand Orbital Maneuvering System Pod have been successful . "  Right now we 're in a good path to get there , " Spaulding said . The shuttle is scheduled to launch Wednesday . The targeted launch time is 3:52 p.m. ET , from NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Florida , the shuttle 's launch and landing site . Initially , a mechanical problem had forced NASA to delay the final launch of the Discovery , the space agency said Friday . The original Monday launch date was delayed after officials found an air leak in the Orbital Maneuvering System Pod , NASA announced . The weather forecast for Wednesday 's launch calls for a 70 percent chance of acceptable conditions , NASA weather officials said . Discovery 's 11-day flight is expected to be a "  very busy mission , " NASA Flight Director Bryan Lunney said . "  After we fly around the Earth about 170 times , Discovery will come home for its last flight , " Lunney said during a news conference last month . "  The crew is ready to go . " The six-member crew , led by Cmdr. Steven Lindsey , will install a new "  permanent multipurpose module " called Leonardo on the International Space Station . This will be the 133rd space shuttle mission and the final one for Discovery . The shuttle Endeavour is set to launch February 26 , and Congress passed a bill this month authorizing another , final space shuttle mission .	NASA officials confident that Discovery 's launch will go as scheduled Crew of six astronauts set to go on an 11-day mission Orbital Maneuvering System Pod repaired
CNN  -- Basketball , track and swimming have been staples at the Olympics for decades , drawing thousands of spectators . But solo synchronized swimming or live pigeon shooting ? They are among the strangest events that have , at one time or another , taken place at the Games . What to watch for at the Olympics this year Here are the 10 oddest sports that have graced the modern Olympics -- some will feature at London 2012 over the coming weeks , some thankfully will not ... SOLO SYNCHRONIZED SWIMMING Oxymoron alert ! Yes , this sport features one female swimmer synchronizing with herself . The sport made its debut in the Los Angeles Games in 1984 , with U.S. swimmer Tracie Ruiz winning the gold medal . Similar to the group event , a swimmer performs a kind of water ballet . A lonely water ballet . Despite the seemingly misleading title , organizers of the sport say the swimmer is actually in sync with the music . Will we see this sport in London ? No . But there will be the team synchronized swimming events that most people are familiar with . The solo event was discontinued after 1992 . CLUB SWINGING Club Swinging debuted in 1904 . The athlete stands erect , holding clubs that resemble bowling pins in each hand . He then twirls and whirls them around . The more complicated the routine , the more points he wins . Historians say the sport was the precursor to rhythmic gymnastic events that use ribbons and hoops . Will we see this sport in London ? No . Sadly . Club Swinging was only in the Olympics twice , ending in 1932 . TUG-OF-WAR Once a very competitive Olympic sport , tug of war employs teams that struggle and strain to pull a rope past a certain point . Great Britain actually won the most medals in this event , historians say . Will we see this sport in London ? Nope . Tug-of-war was an Olympic event until 1920 , and was then relegated to the church picnic circuit . LIVE PIGEON SHOOTING The 1900 Olympics in Paris had the great distinction of being the first Games where women competed . It also wore the ignoble badge for this sport , where athletes aimed to bring down as many pigeons as possible . Nearly 300 birds were slain , historians say , leaving a bloody , feathery mess . The winner shot down 21 pigeons . Will we see this sport in London ? Yes . Just kidding . Come on now . The 1900 Games in Paris was the only time pigeon killing was featured in the Olympics . 4 billions reasons to watch the Olympics SWIMMING OBSTACLE COURSE As strange as this sport may seem , the obstacles swimmers had to overcome are even more unusual . In the 1900 Games in Paris , swimmers crawled over boats , swam under them and climbed a pole -- all the while swimming 200 meters in the Seine . Will we see this sport in London ? No . The boats on the Thames are safe . ROLLER HOCKEY Maybe if this was the 1970s and there was a disco ball , this sport would have taken off . Roller Hockey debuted at the 1992 Barcelona Games . The game follows the rules of ice hockey , but with roller skates . Argentina took the gold . Will we see this sport in London ? No . The Barcelona Games was the only time Roller Hockey was in the Olympics . LA CANNE Ok , think fencing . Now take away the saber and replace it with a cane . You know , the walking stick type of thing ? Voila , now you have the French martial art La Canne , that debuted at the 1924 Olympics . Will we see this sport in London ? No , but you can watch the fencing events and image how much more awesome it would be with wooden canes . ROPE CLIMBING Yes , the activity that made you feel like a weakling in your physical education class debuted as an Olympic sport in 1896 . Just like in your gym class , climbers are timed to see how quickly they can shimmy up a braided rope . But unlike your classmates , these athletes did n't run out of steam before reaching the top . Will we see this sport in London ? No . After 1932 , the Olympics thankfully left rope climbing behind . Kind of like you did after high school . TRAMPOLINE Despite seeming like an activity you did in your backyard when you were 10 , trampoline debuted as an Olympic sport in 2000 . Gymnasts take to the trampoline , somersaulting and flipping as stern-faced judges keep score . "  Precise technique and perfect body control are vital for success , with judges delivering marks for difficulty , execution and time of flight , minus penalties , " Olympic officials say . Will we see this sport in London ? Yes . Both men and women trampolinists  yes , that is a word  will compete in London . RACE WALKING In this sport , competitors try to outrace one another -- without actually running . Huh ? Even though the premise seems a little goofy , race walking has actually been an Olympic sport since 1904 . To ensure that athletes do not run , race walkers must have one foot on the ground at all times or risk disqualification . The result ? A distinctive sashay that elicits many a giggle . Will we see this sport in London ? Yes . Men will compete in 20-kilometer and 50-kilometer races ; women in 20 kilometers . Ready , set , sashay ! Olympic mascots : Cute or creepy ?	The Olympic Games has a history of sports that featured only briefly in the program Rope climbing was at the original 1896 Modern Games but last appeared in 1932 Club swinging was the precursor to rhythmic gymnastic events such as ribbons La Canne was like fencing but competitors used wooden canes instead of sabers
Confronted by police trying to arrest him for allegedly selling illegal cigarettes , Eric Garner raised both hands in the air and , with passive defiance , told the officers not to touch him . Seconds later , a video shows the officer behind him grab the 350-pound man in a chokehold and pull him to the sidewalk , rolling him onto his stomach . "  I ca n't breathe ! I ca n't breathe ! " Garner said repeatedly , his cries muffled into the pavement . The video of the Thursday skirmish shows the Staten Island man lying on the ground motionless after the incident . An asthmatic , Garner was later declared dead at a nearby hospital , according to CNN affiliate WCBS . Police said he suffered a heart attack and died en route to the hospital . "  This is a terrible tragedy that occurred yesterday . A terrible tragedy that no family should have to experience , " said New York Mayor Bill de Blasio , calling the video of the incident "  very troubling . " Police told WCBS that 43-year-old Garner , a father of six , had a lengthy criminal history and had been previously arrested for selling untaxed cigarettes in May . Officer Daniel Pantaleo , who is seen on video choking Garner , was put on modified assignment and stripped of his shield and gun as the New York Police Department continues to investigate the incident , WCBS reported . The chokehold tactic is prohibited by the NYPD . Two EMTs and two paramedics have been suspended without pay , Erika Hellstrom , vice president of development at Richmond University Medical Center , said in an e-mail . In a statement , Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association President Patrick J. Lynch called Pantaleo 's reassignment "  a completely unwarranted , kneejerk reaction for political reasons . " He said the move "  effectively pre-judges this case and denies the officer the very benefit of a doubt that has long been part of the social contract that allows police officers to face the risks of this difficult and complex job . " On Saturday , Garner 's friends and family rallied alongside the Rev. Al Sharpton in Upper Manhattan , demanding a full investigation into Garner 's death , according to WCBS . Garner 's wife was set to speak at the rally but found herself too emotional , WCBS reported . New York photographer Joel Graham was at Saturday 's demonstration , which lasted for two hours . He shared his photographs with CNN iReport , and says he captured them while walking alongside protesters who traveled from New Brighton Church to the store where the chokehold incident took place . "  This crowd was composed of good , well-meaning people who understood that peace was the only option and were adamant that things remain calm over Eric 's death . I have been to protests that have been violent , but this crowd reflected who Eric was , " he said . Graham , an area resident , had a familiar relationship with Garner . "  I am an urban art photographer , and I will talk to everyone on the streets of New York City , " he said , explaining that he would occasionally chat with Garner while taking photos near the Staten Island Ferry . "  I had empathy for Eric and how he must have felt trying to catch his breath , and sympathy for the family . This was a heartfelt emotional protest because everyone loved Eric , " he said . Family of woman beaten by California patrol officer plans to sue New York City to pay $ 100,000 settlement to Brooklyn man beaten by cops Oklahoma father dies in police encounter after mother slaps daughter	Two EMTs , two paramedics suspended without pay , medical center official says Officer arresting Garner grabbed him in a chokehold ; Garner died en route to hospital New York mayor calls incident "  troubling ; " NYPD is investigating and has taken officer 's shield Police group says NYPD reaction denies officer benefit of the doubt
ST. POELTEN , Austria  CNN  -- The daughter of Josef Fritzl , the Austrian man accused of keeping her in a cellar for decades and fathering her seven children , testified against him by video at his trial Tuesday . Josef Fritzl is seen without his face covered and surrounded by security guards Tuesday . One of Elisabeth Fritzl 's brothers , Harald , also testified by video , a court spokesman said . The media and public have been barred from the courtroom for sensitive parts of the trial . Fritzl has pleaded guilty to incest and other charges , but denied murder and enslavement . He pleaded "  partly guilty " -- an option in Austrian court -- to multiple charges of raping his daughter , Franz Cutka , a spokesman for the court in Landesgericht St. Poelten , said . A verdict is expected on Thursday , Cutka said . Elisabeth testified on an 11-hour videotape . Portions of the tape were played Monday , and Fritzl was asked about it . The remainder of the tape was played Tuesday , officials said . Watch his face in the courtroom " Authorities have said Elisabeth and her children were given new identities and are in a secret location . Details of her testimony were not made clear at the daily afternoon news conference . Asked at the news conference why other family members have not testified , officials said they did not wish to do so . Watch media at Fritzl trial " The murder charge relates to an infant named Michael Fritzl who died soon after birth , allegedly from lack of medical care , State Prosecutor Gerhard Sedlacek says . A neo-natal expert gave evidence Tuesday in relation to the murder charge . As he had Monday when the trial opened , Fritzl concealed his face behind a file binder as he arrived in court to shield himself from reporters , television cameras and photographers and escorted by a phalanx of police officers . Later Tuesday he dropped his guard and was pictured with the binder by his side , talking to security guards . During the trial , prosecutors have painted a chilling picture of the more than two decades Elisabeth spent in the cellar of the family home in Amstetten with three of her children . Fritzl took three other children upstairs , authorities have said , telling his wife and other relatives that the missing Elisabeth had dropped them at the house . The woman and the remaining children never saw daylight , prosecutors said , and Fritzl went away for long periods of time , causing them to go hungry when he did not bring them food . Watch Fritzl 's first day in court " To punish them , prosecutors said , Fritzl sometimes turned the power off in the cellar for up to 10 days . In addition , they alleged , Elisabeth was often sexually assaulted in front of the children . The case first came to light in April 2008 when Elisabeth 's then-19-year-old daughter , Kerstin , became seriously ill with convulsions , and Elisabeth persuaded her father to allow the girl to be taken to a hospital . Hospital staff became suspicious and alerted police , who discovered the family members in the cellar . Police said Fritzl confessed to them that he had sex with his daughter , kept her and their children in captivity , and burned the body of the infant in an oven in the house . Elisabeth told police the infant was one of twins , and died a few days after birth . When Elisabeth gained her freedom , she told police her father began sexually abusing her at age 11 . Seven years later , she said , he drugged , handcuffed and locked her in the cellar . To back up his story that she had run away , Fritzl forced Elisabeth to write letters , authorities have said . Defense attorney Rudolph Mayer has said his client , 73 , expects to spend the rest of his life in prison . Under Austrian law , if Fritzl is convicted on several offenses , he will be given the sentence linked to the worst crime . The charges he faces are : • Murder : The infant who died in 1996 died from a lack of medical care , the state prosecutor said . The charge carries a sentence of life in prison . • Involvement in slave trade : From 1984 until 2008 , prosecutors allege , Fritzl held his daughter , Elisabeth , captive in a dungeon , abused her sexually and treated her as if she were his personal property -- in a situation similar to slavery . If he is convicted , the sentence could range from 10 to 20 years in prison . • Rape : Between August 30 , 1984 , and June 30 , 1989 , Fritzl "  regularly sexually abused Elisabeth , " according to the prosecutor . The sentence could be from five to 15 years in prison . • Incest : Parallel to the rape charge . It carries a sentence of up to one year . • Withdrawal of liberty : Three of the children Fritzl had with Elisabeth were illegally held captive in a dungeon with no daylight or fresh air , according to prosecutors . That charge carries a sentence of one to 10 years . • Assault : Between August 28 , 1984 , and April 26 , 2006 , Fritzl repeatedly threatened Elisabeth and their three children with gas and booby traps as warnings in case they tried to escape , authorities allege . The sentence would range from six months to five years . CNN 's Diana Magnay and Frederik Pleitgen in St. Poelten and Melissa Gray in London contributed to this report	Incest rapist Josef Fritzl in Austrian court for the second day of his trial Fritzl drops his guard , is pictured without binder obscuring his face Austrian accused of keeping daughter in cellar for decades , fathering her 7 children Daughter Elisabeth give pre-recorded videotaped evidence
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- -- Federal officials have fined Exxon Mobil more than $ 6 million after it violated a three-year-old agreement to decrease air pollution at four of its refineries . Exxon Mobil 's refinery in Baytown , Texas , is one of four that the EPA said had high sulfur emissions . The Justice Department announced Wednesday that the oil giant agreed to pay $ 6.1 million after Environmental Protection Agency officials determined the company had not sufficiently reduced sulfur emissions in its refineries in Baytown and Beaumont , Texas ; Baton Rouge , Louisiana ; and Torrance , California . Exxon Mobil had paid a $ 7.7 million fine in its original 2005 agreement with the government and promised to install new emissions controls at the refineries . The petroleum company said after the latest settlement its refineries now meet the required EPA standards on sulfur emissions . The company 's role in environmental pollution has been in the spotlight ever since the 1989 Exxon Valdez accident in Alaska , the worst oil spill in U.S. history . This past summer , the U.S. Supreme Court ordered the company to pay $ 507 million in punitive damages from the incident , down from an original $ 2.5 billion judgment .	EPA says company had not sufficiently reduced sulfur emissions at four refineries The facilities in question are in Texas , Louisiana and California Exxon Mobil says refineries now meet EPA standards on sulfur emissions
CNN  -- House Speaker John Boehner dampened prospects for emergency action by Congress addressing the immigration crisis on the southern border before lawmakers break for their August recess . "  I do n't have as much optimism as I 'd like to have , " Boehner told reporters on Thursday . The Obama administration has warned that some federal agencies dealing with the surge of minors crossing the border , many of them unaccompanied , will run out of money sometime in August . The House and Senate will return after Labor Day . The major sticking point is whether Congress should change a 2008 law requiring that child migrants from Central America receive a hearing before any decision is made to deport them . Critics say the Bush-era law has made the United States a magnet for children fleeing Guatemala , El Salvador , and Honduras . They argue there should be an accelerated process to deport them , just like there is for children who enter the country illegally from Mexico or Canada . Sen. John Cornyn and Democratic Rep Henry Cuellar , both of Texas , have introduced a bipartisan bill to modify the 2008 law and some version of their plan is expected to be attached to any House GOP package that includes emergency funding for border efforts . But top Senate and House Democrats , and virtually all Hispanic lawmakers , are balking at the change . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi , who recently said she was open to accepting a change now opposes tying that to new funding . Pelosi told reporters Thursday that any debate to reverse the law should be done separately , as part of comprehensive immigration reform . President Barack Obama has proposed $ 3.7 billion in emergency funding to address the matter . He also does not advocate changing the 2008 law . Boehner insisted , however , that that the law in question must be addressed . "  I do n't know how Congress can send more money to the border to begin to mitigate the problem if do n't do something about the '08 law that 's being abused , and it is being abused , " he said . House GOP aides say Republicans are working on a package smaller than the one proposed by Obama with some policy changes . They expect to vote on it before the end of July . Boehner 's office said it has been involved in some bipartisan negotiations addressing the 2008 law . Referencing her own shift in position , Pelosi said she never likes "  to draw a line in the sand , " noting that she was open "  to seeing what 's there " two weeks ago . But now "  what we 've seen so far is going in the wrong direction and if they want Democratic votes it 's got to go in the right direction , " Pelosi said . In the House , Boehner will need some Democratic support to pass a bill because there is a contingent of House conservatives who do n't want to approve any more money for Obama administration 's efforts . If Pelosi and other top Democratic leaders stand firm , and Hispanic and progressive lawmakers vote no on a GOP package it could complicate getting something out of the House . Immigration crisis is a political conundrum Over to the Senate According to senior Senate Democratic sources , the caucus is fairly evenly divided between those who can accept proposed changes to the 2008 law in order to help speed passage of the funding and those who are unwilling to alter a law that was designed to provide due process to children who may be victims of crimes related to human trafficking . Another wrinkle in the push to finalize a deal is a proposal from conservative Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz . Cruz introduced legislation to prevent Obama from granting deportation deferments in the future . Obama signed an executive order two years ago allowing many young people who were brought to the United States illegally when they were children to stay . Cruz said such acts of "  amnesty " are deepening the current crisis by creating the impression that the children coming across the border now will eventually be allowed to stay . Cruz told reporters the focus of his bill is solving the problem . "  What is causing this humanitarian crisis is that these children believe they will be granted in the future amnesty . So this legislation directly addresses that problem by prohibiting the President from granting amnesty from this day forward , " Cruz said . Boehner sidestepped a question about Cruz 's proposal saying there are lots of discussions going on about how to address the border crisis . Cornyn seemed to embrace the idea , although he told reporters he needed time to think through the ramifications . Asked about Boehner 's pessimism about getting a deal done this month , Cornyn worried about the situation worsening because of the impasse in Washington . "  What happens if nothing happens is that the problem continues and continues to escalate . We 're already seeing backlash from communities all over the country where these children are being placed and people are starting to realize they need to educate , house and raise these children , " he said . "  I think there will be more negative reaction directed at the President and Congress if we do n't act , " he said . Immigrants or refugees ? A difference with political consequences Senate GOP confident congress will pass bipartisan border remedy Not in my backyard : Communities protest surge of immigrant kids	House Speaker John Boehner dampens chances of legislation passing soon Competing proposals floating around both the House and Senate Obama has proposed $ 3.7 billion in emergency funding , others want to change migrant law It 's all about the surge of kids at the southern border from Central America
CNN  -- No guts no glory , or so the saying goes . But perhaps the vanquished United States soccer team can rest in the knowledge that if the World Cup was decided on guts , it would surely be lifting the trophy in Brazil . For 120 minutes of Tuesday 's ultimately unsuccessful last-16 clash with Belgium , each one of Jurgen Klinsmann 's men left everything on the field in Salvador . From the second the Americans went 2-0 down in extra time thanks to goals from Kevin De Bruyne and Romelu Lukaku , the rearguard action started . Substitute Julian Green 's goal offered the nation a lifeline and energized its fatigued players with a quarter of an hour to play . And you could almost hear the sigh of despair from New York to Nevada as late chances for Jermaine Jones and Clint Dempsey were agonizingly spurned . The final whistle signaled tumult at either end of the emotional spectrum as Belgium advanced to a quarterfinal with Argentina on Saturday and the U.S. departed . Beaten , yes , but not bowed . "  It 's hard for us to end up on the losing side after 120 minutes of giving absolutely everything , " Klinsmann told reporters . "  But this game had everything , it was a thriller . We had chances to equalize , but congratulations to Belgium . "  I 'm proud of the players not just for what they 've done tonight , but what they 've done throughout the tournament . They 've made the country proud . " With every passing minute of its participation in the World Cup , the United States had drawn soccer a little closer to its heart . And though its harrowing exit will cut deep , if ever there was a football match to ignite one nation 's passion for the beautiful game this was it . Buoyed by progress from a tricky group , if the U.S. thought Belgium might represent a simpler prospect than Germany it took less than a minute to dispel that notion . The Red Devils poured forward like the Red Arrows in the game 's fledgling stages as a pass from Kevin De Bruyne , of German outfit VfL Wolfsburg , sent teenager Divock Origi scampering through on goal . His effort was powerfully struck but just like a succession of German players had found in their final group game , Tim Howard was in parsimonious mood , and blocked with his legs . Save for a clutch of enterprising moments in three successful group games , Belgium had failed to live up to its pre-tournament tag of dark horse . But though the Europeans bristled with intent during the opening exchanges , the United States would not be cowed and created its first openings after 20 minutes . Dempsey narrowly failed to connect with a corner before a marauding run from Michael Bradley , son of former USMNT coach Bob , presented the Seattle Sounders star with a clear sight of goal . But just as Howard had in the opening minute , Belgium 's goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois was equal to the task . Respite proved brief though , as Belgium resumed its front-foot role . Jan Vertonghen was twice involved as the Red Devils spurned a pair of chances in quick succession . First the defender , who plies his trade for Tottenham in the English Premier League , pinched the ball in midfield and fed De Bruyne but he dragged a shot wide . Then Vertonghen profited down the left channel but hesitated momentarily before pulling the ball across the face of goal , allowing DaMarcus Beasley to clear from inside his own six-yard box . The pattern continued after the interval , the USA adopting a more open style than in its previous encounter but at the same time struggling to counter the pace and dynamism offered by Belgium . Origi again gave notice of his menace by glancing a header from a Toby Alderweireld cross onto the crossbar with Howard reduced to the role of spectator . Despite being pinned inside its own half for long spells , the United States remained a threat on the counter attack , and from one such downfield break Graham Zusi was inches away from connecting with a volley . Dempsey also tested Courtois with two attempts from range but in the main , the red wave continued . Kevin Mirallas was the next man to try and pierce USA 's rearguard as he sauntered into the area -- defenders in white petrified of upending him -- before the ball ran loose to Origi . Yet again , Howard earned his stripes and made the block . The goalkeeper , a long standing servant of English club Everton , had USA fans in raptures again moments later as he diverted another goalbound effort from club colleague Mirallas after he had sprung the offside trap . Origi stung Howard 's palms with a rifled shot from outside the box before Hazard rippled the side-netting as the pressure intensified with the end of normal time in sight . A measure of the attacking swarm Belgium had adopted came with the sight of captain Vincent Kompany picking the ball up in his own area and charging upfield to prompt Howard into another save , as his flick lurched for the bottom corner . Deep in stoppage time , the moment the United States had been waiting for arrived . A knockdown inside the area found substitute Chris Wondolowski eight yards out with only the goalkeeper to beat . A nation held its breath and then howled as he launched the ball over the crossbar . An incorrect offside flag from the linesman spared his blushes , as the crowd in Salvador roared their approval at the conclusion of 90 minutes . For those recently converted to the joy of soccer it surely proved how thrilling a scoreless draw can be , but the deadlock was broken a matter of minutes into the added 30-minute period . De Bruyne played the role of destroyer , dancing away from three white shirts inside the area before angling a shot beyond the seemingly unimpeachable Howard . When substitute Romelu Lukaku added a second 12 minutes later it appeared as if the game was up . But if anything , the Chelsea striker 's goal only served to inspire Klinsmann 's troops . Chasing a lifeline , their game plan went out of the window , an all-out approach paying dividends when teenager Green -- a controversial pre-tournament selection in place of U.S. legend Landon Donovan -- volleyed home superbly to halve the deficit . From that point on , all hell broke loose . The Americans were nearly level within seconds of Green 's strike as Jones hooked a shot that dropped tortuously wide of the far post . Then Lukaku squandered a chance to seal the tie once and for all , as Howard made his 14th save of the night -- the most in any World Cup match since 1966 . The final act of a game that will live long in the memory saw a neatly worked free kick send captain Dempsey in on goal but when it mattered most , Courtois stood tall to make the block and repel the last effort the USA could muster .	Belgium finally ends United States ' World Cup dream with a 2-1 victory in Salvador Extra time goals from Kevin De Bruyne and Romelu Lukaku seal the win Julian Green pulls a goal back for USA with 15 minutes left to offer hope Belgium will now face Argentina in the quarterfinals on Saturday
