CNN  -- I really am speechless , which makes it that much harder to write this column . After everything I 've seen covering modern parenting over the past several years , I kind of feel like nothing can really surprise me anymore . Oh how wrong I was , because when I heard about comments from Boomer Esiason , the former football star and now CBS NFL analyst and radio host , I thought he had to be joking . Did he really suggest that New York Mets second baseman Daniel Murphy should have encouraged his wife to have a C-section , which is major surgery , so that he would n't have to miss Opening Day ? Murphy 's wife went into labor , so he flew to be with her , missing the season 's first two games . Major League Baseball allows a player to miss up to three games for paternity leave . During a conversation on his radio show with co-host Craig Carton , Esiason , a father of two , said he would never have done what Murphy did . "  Quite frankly , I would have said C-section before the season starts , " Esiason said . "  I need to be at Opening Day . I 'm sorry . This is what makes our money . This is how we 're going to live our life . This is going to give my child every opportunity to be a success in life . I 'll be able to afford any college I want to send my kid to because I 'm a baseball player . " What about family , Esiason ? What about not scheduling a major surgery that takes up to four weeks or longer to recover from ?  I should know . I had two unplanned C-sections !  All that , just to avoid missing the first two games of a 160-plus game season ? After being widely criticized for his remarks , Esiason offered a lengthy apology on his radio show on Friday . "  I want to say again on this radio show that in no way , shape or form was I advocating anything for anybody to do . I was not telling women what to do with their bodies ... I would never do that . That 's their decision , " said Esiason . "  And the other thing , too , that I really felt bad about is that Daniel Murphy and Tori Murphy were dragged into a conversation , and their whole life was exposed . And it should n't have been . And that is my fault . "  I apologize for putting him and his wife in the midst of a public discussion that I basically started by uttering insensitive comments that came off very insensitive . And for that I apologize . " Esiason said he tried to reach out to Murphy to apologize personally , but it does not appear that they connected . He said he was in touch with the owner of the New York Mets and the team 's public relations chief . ` The choice of parents ' For his part , Murphy , whose wife ended up having a C-section , is shrugging off any criticism of his decision . "  That 's the choice of parents that they get to make , " Murphy said on Thursday , before Esiason 's public apology . "  That 's the greatness of it . You discuss it with your spouse , and you find out what you think works best for your family . " Not surprisingly , outrage in social media over Esiason 's original remarks was pointed solidly in one direction . "  There are so many reasons this is so wrong , " a mother said on my Facebook page . She had three C-sections , none of them by choice . "  He has no idea what in the world he is talking about , " she added . "  A C-section  is no walk in the park for mom or dad , whether you are a baseball player or not , whether you are in the off season or not . " Another woman , also on Facebook , cited what she called "  the lack of sensitivity and sophistication " around these issues of gender and reproduction . "  I also think  despite what he says  , if it were  his  wife , he would not feel the same way . " Do n't show me the money , parenting advocate and author Sue Scheff said on Facebook , criticizing Esiason for suggesting that money should be more important than family . "  Games happen a lot . How often is the birth of your child ? " she asked . "  Easy for him to say , he 'll never have to have one , " said a man , who did not want to be identified , referring to a C-section . Esiason made his comments during an exchange with his co-host , who thought Murphy should have gotten back to work once the baby was born instead of taking an additional day of paternity leave .  Another WFAN radio host , Mike Francesa , also took issue with Murphy being out for two games . In Esiason 's defense , his first comments when the subject came up were that Murphy had "  legal rights to be there if he wants to be there . " As a football player , he 's also coming from the mindset of his sport and how key players have n't traditionally missed one of the season 's games for a birth , noted @heymatt on Twitter . In fact , Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco 's wife gave birth one hour before game time in September , and Flacco played that game against the Cleveland Browns . Elective C-sections : ` That 's not that common ' But what got under people 's skin , more than anything , was the idea of suggesting that a wife have major surgery to accommodate her husband 's schedule . "  Major surgery should only be used when medically advised , not for convenience , " said @elia_eltringham , also on Twitter . C-sections may be scheduled because of the estimated size of the child and the age of the mother , or if a mother had a prior C-section , doctors say . Some women have chosen to have them because of fears of incontinence after a vaginal birth . Nearly one-third of births are currently done by C-section , which is a significant jump from the 20 % of deliveries resulting in C-sections in 1996 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Dr. Lillian Schapiro of Atlanta said she has seen a movement away from scheduled C-sections in her practice . "  I would say a few years ago , there was more of a trend to have scheduled C-sections , and now there is much more a move back to allowing nature to run its course , and people wanting to have a more natural experience , " said Schapiro , an ob/gyn affiliated with Piedmont Hospital in Atlanta . Dr. Lynn Friedman , an ob/gyn with Mount Sinai Hospital in New York -- and one of my doctors during my pregnancies -- said her practice also has n't seen a rise in elective C-sections . "  A purely elective  C-section  ... someone who just says ' I do n't want to labor , ' I mean , that 's not that common , and that 's really still very much discouraged , " Friedman said . "  For someone to say ` My career is something that would make my wife schedule a section ' ... I think in the 21st century ... that 's really still a very sexist thing to say , and I think a ball team should understand that their player should be with his wife . I mean , I just think that 's grotesque . " What do you think of what Boomer Esiason said about scheduling a C-section to suit a ballplayer 's schedule ? Chime in in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Boomer Esiason said athlete 's wife should have scheduled C-section to avoid game Daniel Murphy of the Mets missed two games this season to attend his son 's birth Major League Baseball allows players to miss three games during paternity leave Esiason apologized on his radio show on Friday , calling his comments "  insensitive "
Editor 's note : The FBI has one more opening on its list of the Ten Most Wanted Fugitives . Tune into CNN 's "  Campbell Brown " at 8 p.m. ET Wednesday to find out who fills the final slot . Alleged cartel hit man Eduardo Ravelo has been added to the FBI 's most wanted list . EL PASO , Texas  CNN  -- Eduardo Ravelo is described as a "  ruthless killer " who has gone to great lengths to avoid law enforcement while contributing to the bloodshed that terrorizes the border between Texas and Mexico . Authorities say the suspected hit man with close ties to the Juarez drug cartel has shaved his head , undergone plastic surgery and even manipulated his fingerprints to elude capture . He heads the Barrio Aztecas gang , but Ravelo is n't flashy , FBI agents say . He keeps a low profile , living modestly . On Tuesday , Ravelo was named to the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list , taking the second of three vacant slots . Watch the FBI discuss Ravelo 's alleged crimes " Officially , he 's wanted on federal racketeering charges , but the FBI says Ravelo 's criminal activities run much deeper . He is believed to be responsible for dozens of murders and assaults , as well as drug trafficking , extortion , weapons offenses and money laundering , FBI Agent Samantha Mikeska said . Watch the latest on Ravelo " "  He has no respect for human life , " she said . Mikeska is leading the hunt for Ravelo , who goes by the nickname "  Tablas , " which is Spanish for wooden plank . He 's also called "  Two-by-four " and is believed to be hiding with his wife and children , probably in a Barrio Aztecas-controlled neighborhood in Juarez , Mexico , just across the border from El Paso , Texas . "  Eduardo Ravelo rose to power within the Barrio Aztecas criminal enterprise because of his connections with the Juarez cartel and also -LSB- because -RSB- he 's a ruthless killer and will basically carry out what the Juarez cartel wants him to do , " Mikeska said . Barrio Aztecas started as a Texas prison gang in the 1980s . Federal authorities say the profits from drug sales are often transferred to the commissary accounts of gang members in prison . Ravelo came to his position atop the gang violently , the FBI agent said , killing the person whose place he took . His power comes from his close ties to the Juarez cartel . He has spent the past 15 years cultivating relationships with some of the highest-ranking cartel members . Drug cartel leaders often align themselves with street gangs , employing gang members to carry out some of the cartel 's most vicious work . U.S. authorities say the commanders of the Juarez cartel often call on Ravelo to execute their enemies . In exchange , Ravelo and his Barrio Aztecas comrades get drugs to sell on the streets of Mexico and the United States . FBI investigators say they believe that in March 2008 , Ravelo carried out a hit on a captain in his own gang . Mikeska believes Ravelo stabbed him several times and shot him in the neck . Shortly after the murder , he became a Barrio Aztecas "  capo , " or captain . In recent years , federal agents have arrested dozens of Barrio Aztecas ' 3,500 members , with six of its leaders sentenced to life in prison . But Ravelo has eluded authorities . He holds both U.S. and Mexican citizenship , federal authorities say , helping him escape across the border into Mexico with his wife and children . While he may be staying out of sight , he 's keeping up his violent work , Mikeska says , and he has the resources to do so . "  He has an entourage , he has bodyguards , he has armored vehicles to protect him from rival gangs and rival cartels , " Mikeska says .	Eduardo Ravelo added to FBI 's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list FBI says Ravelo may be hiding just across border in Juarez , Mexico Ravelo has undergone plastic surgery , manipulated his fingerprints , authorities say
CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's impact on pop culture is indelible . But perhaps his biggest legacy will be how he changed the music industry . Jackson 's impact on the music business still reverberates today . "  As a performer he changed history ... his singing , his songwriting , his choreography , his dancing , his business acumen , " said Howard Bragman , a public relations expert who worked with Jackson to launch the singer 's shoe line with L.A. Gear . "  He rewrote the history of the entertainment industry in his time , " Bragman said . Jackson crossed color lines and broke down barriers between musical genres . He followed in the footsteps of Elvis and the Beatles to create a transnational fan base that prefigured the era of globalization . And Jackson became a canny power broker who helped lead artists from stage performers into major boardroom players . "  That gets lost in the last five and 10 years , with all the litigation battles -- what he did the first 30 years to set the landscape for these other artists , " said James Walker , an entertainment attorney . "  Michael transcended race before Michael Jordan , before Oprah , before Tiger Woods , before Barack Obama . "  You ca n't underestimate what his did for black artists -- and artists as a whole -- as a business man , " Walker added . His 1982 album "  Thriller " has sold more than 50 million records worldwide -- a record that , considering the decline of record sales in the wake of new media , is likely to stand for some years to come . "  Records just do n't sell that much anymore . The industry has changed . ... Now it 's in shambles because of technology , " said Gideon Yago , head of the IFC Media Project and a former correspondent for MTV News . Videos that accompanied the album became landmarks that set the industry standard , as MTV and cable television began to proliferate , creating ready outlets for a growing marketing tool . At the time , Jackson 's label had to fight to get onto MTV , which then featured only rock artists . "  Walter Yetnikoff  former president of CBS records  drew a line in the sand and said , ` We believe in this guy and you 're going to play his videos or we 're going to pull all our videos , ' " Walker said . "  What he did was so cutting-edge regarding videos ; he defined the video age as we know it , " said Tommy Mottola , who succeeded Yetnikoff as head of CBS . Though his personal finances were in disarray at the end of his life , Jackson made some canny business decisions at the height of his power -- most notably buying half the Beatles music catalog in 1985 for $ 47.5 million . "  When you look at his royalties and his copyrights , he 's probably got a half a billion to a billion  dollar  catalogue , " Walker added . The current value of his estate is unclear . His debts stood at about $ 500 million , according to a Wall Street Journal story earlier this month . As the music industry model moved more toward live events in the face of dwindling album sales , two billionaire businessmen stepped in to bank on Jackson 's comeback with a series of concerts scheduled in London . Tom Barrack , head of hedge fund Colony Capital , teamed with Philip Anschutz , owner of AEG Live , to plan a third-act comeback for Jackson , with a sold-out 50-date stand at AEG Live 's O2 arena scheduled to begin next month . Future business plans included a world tour , a Broadway musical and even a "  Thriller " casino . "  You are talking about a guy who could make $ 500 million a year if he puts his mind to it , " Barrack told The Los Angeles Times in an article last month . "  There are very few individual artists who are multibillion-dollar businesses . And he is one . " Billboard magazine estimates $ 85 million in ticket sales from the sold-out concert series . Additional packages , merchandise and secondary market sales could have raised the total to $ 115 million . AEG Live declined to comment . "  There will be a process put in place for ticketing  refunds  . I do n't know what it is at the moment , " said Lucy Ellison , spokeswoman for O2 stadium . "  We 'll leave it for his family to say what they want to say before we discuss ticketing information . " Jackson was expected to earn $ 50 million from the London shows . CNN 's Pauline Chiou contributed to this report	Jackson transformed the role of artists as power brokers Estate includes ownership of half the Beatles catalogue Bragman : "  He rewrote the history of the entertainment industry in his time " Report : Debts estimated at $ 500 million at the time of his death
CNN  -- Some 220 square miles of ice has collapsed in Antarctica and an ice shelf about seven times the size of Manhattan is "  hanging by a thread , " the British Antarctic Survey said Tuesday , blaming global warming . Scientists say the size of the threatened shelf is about 5,282 square miles . "  We are in for a lot more events like this , " said professor Ted Scambos , a glaciologist at the National Snow and Ice Data Center at the University of Colorado at Boulder . Scambos alerted the British Antarctic Survey after he noticed part of the Wilkins ice shelf disintegrating on February 28 , when he was looking at NASA satellite images . Late February marks the end of summer at the South Pole and is the time when such events are most likely , he said . Watch aerial footage of the area " "  The amazing thing was , we saw it within hours of it beginning , in between the morning and the afternoon pictures of that day , " Scambos said of the large chunk that broke away on February 28 . The Wilkins ice shelf lost about 6 percent of its surface a decade ago , the British Antarctic Survey said in a statement on its Web site Another 220 square miles -- including the chunk that Scambos spotted -- had splintered from the ice shelf as of March 8 , the group said . "  As of mid-March , only a narrow strip of shelf ice was protecting several thousand kilometers of potential further breakup , " the group said . Scambos ' center put the size of the threatened shelf at about 5,282 square miles , comparable to the state of Connecticut , or about half the area of Scotland . See a map and photos as the collapse progressed " Once Scambos called the British Antarctic Survey , the group sent an aircraft on a reconnaissance mission to examine the extent of the breakout . "  We flew along the main crack and observed the sheer scale of movement from the breakage , " said Jim Elliott , according to the group 's Web site . "  Big hefty chunks of ice , the size of small houses , look as though they 've been thrown around like rubble -- it 's like an explosion , " he said . "  Wilkins is the largest ice shelf on the Antarctic Peninsula yet to be threatened , " David Vaughan of the British Antarctic Survey said , according to the Web site . "  I did n't expect to see things happen this quickly . The ice shelf is hanging by a thread -- we 'll know in the next few days or weeks what its fate will be . " But with Antarctica 's summer ending , Scambos said the "  unusual show is over for this season . " Ice shelves are floating ice sheets attached to the coast . Because they are already floating , their collapse does not have any effect on sea levels , according to the Cambridge-based British Antarctic Survey . Scambos said the ice shelf is not currently on the path of the increasingly popular tourist ships that travel from South America to Antarctica . But some plants and animals may have to adapt to the collapse . "  Wildlife will be impacted , but they are pretty adept at dealing with a topsy-turvy world , " he said . "  The ecosystem is pretty resilient . " Several ice shelves -- Prince Gustav Channel , Larsen Inlet , Larsen A , Larsen B , Wordie , Muller and Jones -- have collapsed in the past three decades , the British Antarctic Survey said . Larsen B , a 1,254-square-mile ice shelf , comparable in size to the U.S. state of Rhode Island , collapsed in 2002 , the group said . Scientists say the western Antarctic peninsula -- the piece of the continent that stretches toward South America -- has warmed more than any other place on Earth over the past 50 years , rising by 0.9 degrees Fahrenheit each decade . Scambos said the poles will be the leading edge of what 's happening in the rest of the world as global warming continues . "  Even though they seem far away , changes in the polar regions could have an impact on both hemispheres , with sea level rise and changes in climate patterns , " he said . News of the Wilkins ice shelf 's impending breakup came less than two weeks after the United Nations Environment Program reported that the world 's glaciers are melting away and that they show "  record " losses . "  Data from close to 30 reference glaciers in nine mountain ranges indicate that between the years 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 the average rate of melting and thinning more than doubled , " the UNEP said March 16 . The most severe glacial shrinking occurred in Europe , with Norway 's Breidalblikkbrea glacier , UNEP said . That glacier thinned by about 10 feet in 2006 , compared with less than a foot the year before , it said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Marsha Walton contributed to this report .	A large chunk of the Wilkins ice shelf in Antarctica broke away last month Only a narrow strip of ice is protecting the shelf from further breakup "  I did n't expect to see things happen this quickly , " scientist says Ice shelves are floating ice sheets attached to the coast
CNN  -- "  Nice guys finish last " is a mantra often preached in sport and business . Where golf is concerned , it would seem "  nice guys " finish second . And they even manage to smile . Adam Scott and In-Kyung Kim both won plenty of admirers for their sportsmanship and grace during two of the sport 's blue riband major tournaments this year . The only drawback was , all that praise came after agonizing defeats . For Scott , an Australian ranked sixth in the men 's game who has long been tipped for major success , July 's British Open tested his ability to swallow the bitter pills so often served up on golf 's greens and fairways . He held a four-shot lead going into the final round , but bogeyed the last four holes and handed the title to veteran South African Ernie Els . His capitulation followed in the tradition of his compatriot Greg Norman , one of the greatest golfers of the 1980s and early '90s -- but a player who famously "  choked " on several big occasions . "  I think the emotions shown in golf are different to other sports , " the 32-year-old Scott told CNN when asked about how he was able to remain dignified in the face of abject disappointment at Royal Lytham and St. Annes . He congratulated Els with a brave if rueful smile and carried out his duties to face the seemingly endless stream of media requests . "  It has always been referred to as a gentleman 's game , but I think it has got more to do with how you 're brought up and your influences , " Scott said . "  I certainly feel like my parents have brought me up well , but also I had good role models that I looked up to as a kid . "  Certainly Greg Norman , I saw him win hundreds of tournaments and lose some big ones , but I think he handled himself well in those situations too , so like you do when you 're a kid you always try to mimic those you look up to . " Norman won his first major in 1986 , a decade after turning professional . However , that year he led all four majors going into the final round , but came away with just a British Open victory -- his first of two Claret Jugs . The "  Great White Shark " was runner-up at no less than seven major tournaments . Scott , who tied for second at last year 's Masters , collapsed over his putter at Royal Lytham after blowing his biggest chance yet of a breakthrough win . "  I think I was a little numb from shock that I might have lost , " he explained . "  I felt like I played like a winner the whole week and even with a couple of mistakes coming in it did n't feel horrendous out on the course . "  There is only one shot I was really , really disappointed with and that was the shot into the 17th green . I was n't really in that much trouble on the last few holes other than the 17th where I was in the long grass . "  That ends up putting me in quite an awkward position to close the tournament . That is probably the one shot I would like to take over again . But other than that I do n't think I would do anything different . " Kim , known as "  I.K. , " is one of a troop of promising female golfing talents emerging from Asia . The South Korean looked set to announce her arrival on the world stage when she was stood over a one-foot putt at the 18th to win her first major at the Kraft Nabisco Championship in April . The ball rolled around the lip of the cup but refused to sink , coming to a stop outside of the hole . Somehow Kim had missed and , in a cruel coincidence , she was forced into a playoff with compatriot Yoo Sun-Young which she duly lost . "  I was disappointed right after it happened , " the 24-year-old told CNN . "  I get this question a lot ... I am competitive , but from my point of view you ca n't really attach your emotion to a result . It is something you ca n't control . " Separating her emotions from her golf is something Kim has worked on throughout her career , using a mental coach to help her hone her craft . "  All we can control is the process and how hard we work , which we do every day , " the world No. 18 explained . "  I feel like I worked really hard through that tournament and I stayed with my process and everything was good . I moved on . " These techniques involve learning to appreciate the good and the bad . "  To smile more often , to enjoy , " Kim said . "  I sometimes forget what I can control and what I ca n't -- they remind me . " Kim 's ability to perform in golf 's most pressurized situations has been called into question . The playoff at the Kraft Nabisco Championship was the third of her career , and her third defeat . "  I 've always been really bummed out after the 18th hole and gone into the playoff without preparing , " Kim said . "  That is something I have been working on , to control emotion after whatever happened . "  After you have finished it is tough to go and do a playoff , there is nothing you can think about before . That is something I have to work on . " It has been two and a half years since Kim last won an event , the Lorena Ochoa Invitational in November 2010 . Kim picked up a cool $ 220,000 for winning the tournament in Guadalajara , and she chose to donate all of it to charity . "  I like competition , but it is just a different feeling helping someone , " said Kim , who has earned more than $ 5 million since turning pro in 2007 . "  I feel like I can help by playing golf . "  Without a lot of good people around me I would n't be able to do it , so I 'm fortunate and I wanted to share the win . I always dreamed about helping other people and I had an opportunity . " Like Kim , Scott is also without a win in 2012 . The Adelaide native still has the chance to address that -- this week he lines up at the $ 7 million WGC-HSBC Champions event in China , then goes to Singapore before returning home for two of Australia 's biggest tournaments . "  Playing at home is a big deal for me , I certainly want to perform , " said Scott , who has earned more than $ 28 million on the U.S. PGA Tour . "  I 'm also quite motivated because I feel like I 've played a lot of good golf this year to not have a win and I 'd really like to finish the year off by winning one , or two or more of these tournaments . "  I still view  the British Open  as the highlight of my year . To play so well , that 's what I 've been trying so long to do in majors , and finally it has happened . "  I did n't come out as a champion , but if I can repeat that kind of preparation and play then I 'm sure if give myself another chance I 'm going to win a major or two . " Kim has won three times on the LPGA Tour , and once on the European Ladies ' circuit , but is cautious about her chances of ending her title drought . "  Golf is a mystery , " she said ahead of this week 's Mizuno Classic in Japan . "  Nobody knows how to play this game perfectly and I do n't think anyone has ever done it . You play four rounds every week and it is very hard to keep that momentum going . "  You have to do a lot of work , it might come out this weekend , you never know . I 'll do my best , there are things I need to improve but there are things I 'm doing well . "  You want to win , but it 's difficult , being reminded it has been two years since you won ! It 's not easy , but for me I work really hard . I 'm very happy with everything , so hopefully I can win more tournaments by the end of this year . "	Adam Scott and I.K. Kim both narrowly missed out on maiden major titles in 2012 British Open runner-up Scott says he has learned to be dignified in defeat Kim has help from a mental coach to cope with her recent run of near misses Both Scott and Kim are still looking for their first titles of the year
CNN  -- Israelis woke up on Tuesday to horrifying news : four men , three of them in their 50s , had been slain while they were chanting their morning prayers at a synagogue in the West Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof . The perpetrators were two young Palestinian men from East Jerusalem , who attacked with butcher knives and guns . The extensive media coverage included gruesome images of a synagogue chapel with blood splattered on the walls , pooled and streaked on the floor . And sprawled on those blood-pooled floors were the corpses of gray-haired men covered in their blood-stained prayer shawls , the leather straps of their phylacteries still wound around their lifeless arms . Several public figures , from prominent politicians and commentators to the founder of a volunteer rescue service , said the images reminded them of the Holocaust . The subtext seemed to be that murder was bad enough , but murdering people at prayer was an act of unprecedented barbarity . Unfortunately , though , Tuesday 's horror was not unprecedented . Political violence is a grim fact of life in this part of the world , and it is committed by both Jews and Arabs . In 1994 , for example , a Jewish Israeli man named Baruch Goldstein entered a Hebron mosque armed with a machine gun . He opened fire on a room full of men at prayer , killing 29 of them . In recent months and years , Jewish settlers have vandalized several mosques by setting them alight or tagging them with nationalist slogans in spray paint . Jerusalem has been simmering since June , with one act of horrific political violence followed by another . First three Jewish teenage boys were abducted and killed by Hebron-area men affiliated with Hamas . Then three Israeli Jews were charged with abducting a teenage Palestinian boy from East Jerusalem and killing him by burning him alive in a nearby forest . In response , there were Palestinian street protests , which Israeli paramilitary police answered with tear gas , rubber-coated bullets , beatings and predawn arrests . Then came a series of so-called "  lone wolf " attacks , committed by individual Palestinians who attacked random Israelis by stabbing them or ramming them with vehicles in deliberate hit-and-runs . For weeks , friends who live in neighborhoods abutting East Jerusalem , a primarily Palestinian area , have reported via social media that the sound of gunfire has become a nocturnal experience . One of the many depressing aspects of the endless Jewish-Palestinian conflict is the rush to engage in moral one-upmanship . While it is absolutely undeniable that only one party in this conflict has a powerful army and heavy-hitting diplomatic allies  that would be Israel  , neither side has superior morality or redder blood . Yes , there is context to the violence . But no , it is not the Holocaust , and we must resist the populist politicians and commentators who frame the latest deaths as having been committed in the name of hatred of Jews , rather than as an outrageous act of politically motivated violence . Of course , the fact that this attack has both context and precedent does not make it any less horrifying . But those who ignore the context of this violence are also denying an essential element of this : that Palestinians in East Jerusalem are in a state of despair and hopelessness as a result of Israel 's policies . The reality is that if the Israeli government fails to address legitimate Palestinian grievances while portraying them simply as monsters rather than human beings , the situation in the world 's most contested city will continue to deteriorate .	Tuesday 's horrific attack in Jerusalem not unprecedented , says Lisa Goldman Jerusalem tensions have been simmering since June , Goldman says Rush to engage in moral one-upmanship unhelpful , she says
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Casey Johnson , heiress to the Johnson & Johnson fortune , died of natural causes related to diabetes , the Los Angeles County coroner said Thursday . The 30-year-old socialite was found dead at a friend 's home January 4 , authorities said . Johnson was one of the great-great-granddaughters of Robert Wood Johnson , a co-founder of the pharmaceutical giant , and was the daughter of Woody Johnson , owner of the New York Jets professional football team . She died of diabetic ketoacidosis , the coroner found . The Mayo Clinic describes the condition as a serious complication of untreated diabetes . Johnson was in the news recently because of her relationship with Internet and reality television star Tila Tequila . Several messages on Tequila 's official Twitter page mentioned Johnson in the wake of her death . "  I ca n't stop these haunting visions of her and I . We made such a lovely couple , only beginning to spend the rest of our lives together , " a posting said the day after Johnson died . "  Everyone please pray 4 my Wifey Casey Johnson , " Tequila wrote the day of Johnson 's death . "  She has passed away . Thank u for all ur love and support but I will be offline to be w family . " Johnson 's family also expressed sadness . "  The Johnson family is mourning their tragic loss and asks for privacy during this very difficult time , " a family representative said in a statement on the Jets ' Web site . "  The entire New York Jets organization is saddened at the news that Casey Johnson ... has passed away . " CNN 's Tim Langmaid and Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Coroner says natural causes related to diabetes caused death of Casey Johnson Coroner : Socialite died of a serious complication of untreated diabetes The 30-year-old had a high-profile relationship with reality TV star Tila Tequila
CNN  -- Around the country on Friday , you 'll likely see the iconic black and white POW-MIA flag flying over federal buildings . At military bases , there will be ceremonies with troops in dress uniforms marching and leaders speaking . At the Pentagon , Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta will oversee a ceremony that will conclude with a flyover by warplanes and helicopters in honor of the 83,000 known service members still listed as prisoners of war or missing in action . But not every remembrance of those Americans will include such pomp and activity . If you were to walk through the mess hall of a Navy ship or an Army installation , you might see a small table covered in a simple cloth . One chair sits in front of a single formal place setting . On the plate , salt and a slice of lemon . Next to the plate , a glass vase containing a red rose with a red ribbon around the base . This silent tribute is full of symbolism . The table is round "  to show our everlasting concern " according to the National League of POW/MIA Families website . The cloth is white , "  symbolizing the purity of their motives when answering the call to duty . " The rose reminds "  us of the lives of these men ... and their loved ones and friends who keep the faith , while seeking answers . " The red ribbon "  symbolizes our continued determination to account for them . " The slice of lemon "  reminds us of the bitter fate of those captured and missing in a foreign land . " The salt "  symbolizes the tears of our missing and their families who long for answers after decades of uncertainty . " A Bible represents the "  strength gained through faith in our country , founded as one nation under God , to sustain those lost from our midst . " A glass is inverted on the table "  to symbolize their inability to share this evening 's toast . " Finally , there is the empty chair , with that obvious symbolism . At larger events where POW/MIA groups gather , a similar table will be set , but with identical place settings , one for each of the armed forces , including the Coast Guard , and a sixth for civilians still missing . Pam Cain , secretary of the League of POW/MIA Families , said when an explanation is read of what each item symbolizes , she "  can barely get through it to the end . " Cain 's father , Col. Oscar Mauterer , disappeared after bailing out from his burning plane during a mission over Laos in 1966 . She said the POW/MIA table is an important , if not well known , part of her organization 's efforts to remember the missing . Friday night , as you sit down for dinner , look at the salt or perhaps the chair with a loved one next to you and remember there are those still waiting for a loved one to come home .	Some 83,000 Americans are listed as prisoners of war or missing in action They will be honored in ceremonies throughout the U.S. on Friday Empty table set in mess halls is a less public tradition
CNN  -- At least 37 people were killed during a shootout at a meeting to resolve cattle disputes in South Sudan , officials said Saturday , the latest in a spate of violence in the world 's newest nation . One U.N. officer was wounded during the meeting at Unity state , which was attended by several staff members of the world body , according to Kouider Zerrouk , a spokesman for the U.N. mission in Juba . Seven U.N. staff members and three local officials traveled to Mayendit County to investigate a wave of violence from cattle raiding on the borders of Unity and Warrap states . During the meeting Wednesday , the county commissioner from neighboring Lake state appeared and interrupted the meeting , yelling angry remarks at his Mayendit county counterpart , the spokesman said . The shooting followed soon after . "  Four pick-up trucks carrying armed men believed to be the SPLA  South Sudan army  and SSPS  South Sudan police service  then appeared and started shooting indiscriminately at the Mayendit county commissioner 's compound , " Zerrouk said . A local official said it was unclear why the Lake state official had an armed convoy . "  We are asking ourselves why the county commissioner would come with such a heavily armed convoy , " said Gideon Gatpan Thor , the minister of information for Unity state . "  He was uninvited , so we are still asking him to answer these questions . We want to know what his intentions were . " The clashes killed at least 16 people from Unity and 21 from Lake , including six civilians from both states , the minister of information said . The U.N. officer injured in the attack is in stable condition at a hospital in Juba , South Sudan 's capital . "  It appears that the U.N. team was not the target of the attack but were at the wrong place at the wrong time and were caught up in the incident , " the minister of information said . The meeting was initiated after a violent cattle raid four days earlier in Warrap state . The attackers , believed to be from Unity state , stole thousands of cattle and killed 74 people . Most were women and children . The latest clashes come after a particularly violent month of cattle raids in Jonglei state . In late December , officials in the town of Pibor said more than 3,000 were killed in cattle raids after 6,000 armed youths from the Lou Nuer tribe attacked the Murle people . The U.N. said the number is more likely in the hundreds , but it said 120,000 were affected and in need of immediate assistance . Weeks later , the Murle attacked the Lou Nuer people in retaliation and killed more than 100 people in two separate attacks . The main purpose behind the raids is to steal cattle , a livelihood for the people who live in the barren regions , but the violent clashes end with killings and child abductions . The victims are largely defenseless women and children . In a country struggling with violence six months into its independence , and recovering from decades of civil war , weapons have flown freely into the hands of cattle raiders . What used to be rural-style attacks , with sticks and arrows , have been replaced by automatic weapons , killing thousands and displacing even more .	It is the latest violence in the world 's newest nation One U.N. officer is wounded during the meeting at Unity state "  It appears that the U.N. team was not the target of the attack , " a spokesman says
CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged developed nations to "  lead by example " Wednesday as a climate change conference bogged down over support for poor nations trying to adapt to a warming world . The two-week conference in Poland 's capital , Warsaw , opened with a hunger strike by the top delegate from the typhoon-battered Philippines to demand concrete action toward a new global pact on climate change . But with two days of talks left , participants said countries remained split on the big issues . "  Next year will require a lot of heavy lifting if we are to remain on track for an agreement in 2015 , " Ban said Wednesday . He called on countries to put their money where their mouths were by devoting more funding to deal with climate change and the carbon emissions blamed for causing it . "  The developed countries have great capacity and should lead by example , " Ban said . "  Science is telling us we need to do more . Economists are highlighting the huge cost of inaction . Businesspeople want the signals from government that will create the right incentives to build a low-carbon future , " he added . The Warsaw conference brings together countries that have signed onto the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change to review their progress in limiting global temperature increases . But this year 's meeting has been discouraging for advocates of aggressive action to limit carbon emissions and rein in a projected increase in global average temperatures . Australia 's new conservative government recently announced plans to repeal a carbon tax aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions . Japan announced last week it would n't meet its stated emissions targets , citing the replacement of nuclear power plants idled after the 2011 meltdown at Fukushima Daiichi with fossil fuel generation . Canada made a similar announcement in October . A study released Tuesday by researchers at Britain 's East Anglia University found greenhouse gas emissions will top 39 billion tons in 2013 . The rate of increase has slowed , but the improvement is a drop in the bucket by global standards . Polish Environment Minister Marcin Korolec , the Warsaw conference 's president , lost his job in a Cabinet shuffle on Wednesday . But Korolec told delegates that Prime Minister Donald Tusk is keeping him on as president of the conference and as a government official responsible for climate policy . Delegates from developing countries staged a three-hour walkout early Wednesday to protest what Kamrul Haque , a member of Bangladesh 's delegation , called a "  stalemate " over how to compensate their nations for climate-related losses . Haque said negotiators had gone back into the talks Wednesday night , but added , "  Unless and until everything is agreed , then nothing is agreed . " But Todd Stern , the head of the U.S. delegation , said the talks ended "  with everybody leaving " after "  businesslike and productive " discussions . "  I do n't see this negotiation blowing up over that , " he said . "  I think we will find a resolution , but we 're still some distance apart . " An October study in the scientific journal Nature noted that more than 5 billion people live in areas that would be affected by climate change by 2050 , and the countries that will first see its effects are the ones least capable of responding . U.N. members have committed to setting up a $ 100 billion-a-year fund to deal with climate change . But Steve Kretzmann of the U.S.-based environmental group Oil Change International said global subsidies for fossil fuel industries already top $ 500 billion and some estimates run as much as $ 2 trillion . "  There is plenty of money there , " Kretzmann said . "  It 's just going in the wrong direction for the moment . "	"  Science is telling us we need to do more , " Ban Ki-moon tells climate conference Warsaw conference split between developed and developing nations Developing nations want more support for adapting to a warming world
CNN  Should police officers wear cameras to document their activities while on duty ? The notion has been around for a while . But since August 's fatal shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri -- for which witness accounts varied widely -- it 's gained traction to become part of the national conversation about police conduct . The idea is that a video camera mounted on an officer 's vest or uniform would provide an accurate , objective account of every encounter with a civilian . Ideally , the camera would discourage police misconduct while protecting officers against unfounded civil complaints of brutality or corruption . Some police associations support the idea , and even the Obama administration is backing it . Since August , more than 150,000 people have signed a petition on the White House 's website urging that all state , county and local police be required to wear a camera . In response , Deputy Assistant to the President Roy L. Austin Jr. expressed support for the proposal while saying the Department of Justice is researching the best way to implement video technology into daily policing . As Austin noted , a 2013 report by the Department of Justice found that "  both officers and civilians acted in a more positive manner when they were aware that a camera was present . " Of course , body cameras create some thorny privacy issues , such as whether police need consent to videotape activities on private property . Some officers also view the cameras as unwanted scrutiny and a sign that their supervisors do n't trust them . And the fact that a witness used a phone camera to record New York police arresting Eric Garner in July did n't prevent the injuries that led to Garner 's death a short time later , nor did the footage lead to indictments for the officers involved . Still , among the police departments that have experimented with officer-worn cameras , early results have been encouraging . A 2013 study found that public complaints against police officers in Rialto , California , plunged after the city 's 54 frontline officers began wearing video cameras . Use of force by Rialto officers also declined in the months after the cameras were introduced . Other police departments across the U.S. are also now testing body cameras . Amid protests following the lack of indictments in the Garner case , New York Mayor Bill de Blasio announced in December that his police department was accelerating efforts to equip all its officers with body cameras as well . "  When something happens , to have a video record of it from the police officer 's perspective , it 's going to help in many , many ways , " de Blasio said . "  It 's going to improve the work of law enforcement . And God forbid , when something goes wrong , we 're going to have a clear understanding of what happened and whatever approaches we need to take as a result . "	Some believe police should wear video cameras to document interactions with suspects The idea has gained traction since the fatal shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri Cameras could provide evidence for prosecutions , but some officers do n't like the extra scrutiny
CNN  -- Matt Aldridge would have trouble contemplating life without the Shriners Hospital for Children in Greenville , South Carolina . Maddie Aldridge has received extensive care at South Carolina 's Shriners Hospital , including leg amputation . Aldridge , 28 , and his 21-month-old daughter , Maddie , were born without shinbones . Both had their legs amputated at Shriners near their first birthdays . Like all care given to youths admitted to any of North America 's 22 Shriners Hospitals , their surgeries and follow-up treatments were free to them . Aldridge estimates the care he received through his teens in the Shriners ' system -- which admits children irrespective of their parents ' income -- cost hundreds of thousands of dollars , approaching the lifetime limits of some insurance policies . Now , he and his wife , Renee , take Maddie to Greenville -- about a 90-minute drive from their South Carolina home -- at least every six weeks , partly for treatment of a hip condition . Without Shriners ' cover-all-costs policy , the family would be in serious trouble , said Aldridge , who works at a Wal-Mart cell phone connection center . Renee is a stay-at-home mother , and the family does n't have private medical insurance . "  If it were n't for Shriners , we 'd be financially devastated , " Matt Aldridge said . "  With just the care Maddie has received already , we probably would be bankrupt . " For the Aldridges and many other families , accessing care from Shriners may get a lot more difficult . The system 's board says it may ask the fraternity 's membership in July for authority to close six hospitals -- including the one in Greenville -- largely because the endowment fund that supports the hospitals dropped from $ 8.5 billion to $ 5.2 billion over the last year as the stock market plummeted . The others that could close are in Erie , Pennsylvania ; Shreveport , Louisiana ; Spokane , Washington ; Springfield , Massachusetts ; and Galveston , Texas . The Galveston hospital 's operations have been suspended since Hurricane Ike flooded it last year . See map of where all 22 Shriners hospitals are " Deflated investments are n't the only reason the fund has dropped . The hospitals normally operate with donations and the fund 's interest , but the system 's $ 856 million 2009 budget is outpacing both , causing the hospitals to take about $ 1 million per day from the fund , said Ralph Semb , president and CEO of Shriners Hospitals . Other proposals from the system 's board would close just one hospital or none , but slash spending systemwide . Leaders also are exploring other options , such as partnering with non-Shriners hospitals . But one way or another , the system must cut spending by about 30 percent to survive , Semb said . "  If we do nothing , every hospital would have to cut 25 to 30 percent from their budgets , which in effect would shut about six of them anyway , because they could n't give the services they 've been giving , " Semb said . Still , the hospitals ca n't close without consent of the fraternity 's membership . Two-thirds of the roughly 1,400 representatives at the group 's July 6-8 Imperial Council Session in San Antonio , Texas , would have to vote for it . Learn about the Shriners fraternity " History shows that might be difficult . Members , some of whom transport children to hospitals themselves , killed a 2003 proposal to close the hospital in Minneapolis , Minnesota , after a similar market downturn . "  I do n't think it will happen . I do n't think it should happen , " said Carl V. Nielsen , a 40-year Shriner and a board member for the Minneapolis hospital , which is not on the current possible-closure list . "  That would leave large areas of the country without a Shriners hospital , and the cost of transportation of the patients back and forth -LSB- to the remaining hospitals -RSB- would be too great . " Shriners Hospitals , which deals with certain specialties up to age 18 , have treated hundreds of thousands of children free of charge since the first facility opened in Shreveport in 1922 . Most offer orthopedic care . Four , including the Galveston hospital , care for children who are burned . One of those facilities , in Sacramento , California , is treating a few children burned in Friday 's day care center fire in northern Mexico . The Greenville hospital , which generally draws children from six states , gets about 900 inpatients and about 1,100 outpatient visits yearly , according to Rod Brown , the chairman of that hospital 's board of governors . Since news of the possible closures broke , many -- including some Shriners and people who 've used the hospitals -- have spoken out in hopes of keeping the facilities open . Hundreds have turned out for rallies in some of the cities . Several "  save Shriners Hospital " pages on Facebook call on readers to support fundraisers . Families who lose a nearby Shriners hospital -- even those who have insurance -- would be in trouble , said Nielsen , an Iowa resident , retired attorney and former state legislator . "  Say you 've got a series of operations to do on the child , and it 's going to cost $ 100,000 . Even with the good insurance policies , the families still have to pay 20 percent on that , and that 's more money than most have stashed away , " he said . The Aldridges have more surgeries in their future . In addition to being born without her shinbones , Maddie has only eight fingers . She will need operations to make her hands more efficient . Watch how hospital 's closure would affect the Aldridges " If the Greenville facility were to close , the family would think about moving to Kentucky , where the next nearest Shriners hospital is . Or , they would stay and drive eight hours to the Kentucky facility . Option No. 1 would take the lifelong South Carolina residents from friends and relatives . The other would mean more missed days at work and school for the family , which also includes Maddie 's 3-year-old sister . In any event , the family says it wo n't consider taking Maddie out of the Shriners system . Matt Aldridge , who took up competitive power-lifting thanks in part to encouragement from Shriners staff and competed in the 2004 Paralympic Games in Greece , said the system gives top-notch care . "  Not only is it a financial thing , but it 's also quality of care , " said Aldridge , who became a Shriner himself in part because of the care he received . "  Shriners doctors are considered to be the foremost experts in what they treat . " Semb said some of the six hospitals -- which he said were chosen because they were relatively underutilized -- could stay open if they strike a partnership with non-Shriners facilities . In such a deal , Shriners doctors would perform major surgery at the partner hospital , and the partner would bill the patients ' insurance if they have it . Follow-up care would be done at the Shriners facility , still free of charge . Nielsen and other Shriners are proposing an alternative for the July meeting : Let Shriners hospitals themselves accept insurance or Medicaid from the families who have it , but cover the co-pays and deductibles . Semb said the idea has some merit , but he cautioned that to accept insurance and Medicaid , the hospitals would subject themselves to more federal oversight and possibly curtail their ability to treat patients as they see fit . Meanwhile , Renee Aldridge is circulating petitions against the closures and intends to deliver them to the San Antonio meeting . Wide swaths of the country should n't be deprived of the expertise and the free treatment that Shriners doctors give , she said . "  Some may be able to go to another place , but a lot of doctors wo n't put the time and care in that Shriners does , " she said .	Hospitals ' leaders seek savings after endowment fund shrinks in stock market One solution could be closing six of 22 hospitals Fraternity representatives would have to approve closures in July meeting South Carolina family : We 'd be devastated without Shriners ' free , expert care
Author Charles Yu hopes you like his new book , but if not , an apology is built right into the title . "  Sorry Please Thank You " is his new collection of mind-bending , moving and sometimes melancholy stories arriving in bookstores July 24 . Yu 's 2010 novel , "  How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe , " was named one of the best books of the year by TIME magazine . It dealt with a fictional version of the author , another Charles Yu , a lonely time machine repairman stuck in a time loop . In his new book , Yu returns to skewer more science fiction concepts , including the multiverse , time travel , video games and zombies . While he pokes fun at pop culture , Yu also finds the human moments in what he often portrays as an increasingly isolated and sterile existence . Yu 's quirky mix of science fiction and social commentary has attracted a loyal following among discerning readers and critics . He has been favorably compared to writers like Kurt Vonnegut , Philip Roth and Jonathan Lethem . When he 's not writing , Yu is a lawyer living in Los Angeles with his wife and their two children . CNN recently interviewed Yu by e-mail . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : Where did the title come from ? Yu : The title comes from the last story in the book . It was originally a piece that I actually wrote onto a cocktail napkin , as part of Esquire 's Napkin Fiction Project , and which I expanded for the collection . A lot of the stories in the book are about different universes , some big , some small , some of which already exist today , and some of which are not hard to imagine in the near future . These are artificial environments created or enabled through technology , and I was interested in how people communicate , in these environments , about how people talk to each other , about what limitations there are in language as a medium to express our desires , how technology might remove some of those limitations , but create new ones we 've never had before . "  Sorry Please Thank You " seemed appropriate as a title , being words for concepts that , if not universal , are found in a great many languages and cultures . See the story Charles Yu wrote on a cocktail napkin that inspired his latest book CNN : Was this book any harder or easier to write than your last ? Yu : It was harder . This is my third book , and each one has been harder than the last . I 'm not sure I like the way this trend is going . ... CNN : Where do you find your ideas and inspiration ? Yu : I go looking for them in a bunch of places , and they 're never where they are supposed to be . So I take a break , sit down , gaze off into some corner of the room , and there it is : an idea . The problem is , the next time I will start by looking in that same corner , and of course there 's nothing there anymore . So I start the process over again . CNN : Do you think multiple universes exist and are there alternate Charles Yus out there ? Yu : I 've been fascinated by the idea of a multiverse ever since I first learned of it , from my alternate self . OK , no , not from my alternate self . From a book by David Deutsch , who I have raved about elsewhere . And now , I 'm fascinated to be reading about all of these other speculative hypotheses about different kinds of multiverses . It 's a really mind-scrambling idea , the kind of idea that , once it 's in your head , it 's hard to remember what it was like before you 'd ever been exposed to it . I personally hope there are no alternate universes  except in the sense that Deutsch uses the term  , though . This one is strange enough , and if it turns out to be the only one , that would make it even more mysterious . CNN : The future you write about often feels sad and lonely . With that in mind , do you think new technology is making us more isolated ? Yu : With , say , social media , in the short term , I think it 's a multiplier and an aggregator and an accelerator . It does n't change who we are , it just enables us to say things faster , and to more people -- but at some point that quantitative effect shades into a qualitative change in how we relate to each other . And some aspects of social media make us more connected . But other aspects reduce the need , and to some extent , desire , to talk to people face-to-face , and it 's easy to understand how those aspects might be making some people feel more lonely than ever . But social media is just one part of technology . There are so many other incredible things being developed now . For instance , I watched that video a few weeks ago , of the woman , a quadriplegic woman , who moved a robotic arm with her mind . So that she could take a sip of her drink . The look on her face as she did it  and the look on the face of the researcher who was with her  -- it was unbelievable and moving and I could not stop watching it , over and over again . Here is a person who is , in some ways , more isolated than anyone -- her desire , her will to move is trapped inside of her unmovable body . And technology and human ingenuity has brought her will back into the world , reconnected her with the objects and people around her . CNN : You 've been described as a science-fiction writer and compared to writers like Kurt Vonnegut , Philip Roth and Jonathan Lethem . What do you think of these labels and comparisons ? Yu : Those are all ludicrous comparisons . And I welcome them wholeheartedly . But seriously , the three writers you just named are on the very top shelf of my personal pantheon , along with a few others . I go back to them over and over again for inspiration and , of course , to steal whatever I can from them . As for the label science-fiction writer -- I 'll take it , and wear that label with pride . But there 's plenty of room on my shirt for other labels , too . CNN : What does your family think of your writing ? Yu : They 're very supportive . And my daughter , who is 4 , is starting to tell people that her dad is a "  book writer " which makes me feel the strangest kind of pride , for some reason . I think it 's the way she says it -- matter of fact , like , you 're dad 's a fireman ? Oh , that 's cool , mine is a book writer . Read an excerpt from "  Sorry Please Thank You "	Charles Yu 's "  Sorry Please Thank You " collection explores emotion and time travel Yu 's style has been compared to Kurt Vonnegut , Philip Roth and Jonathan Lethem Yu is also a lawyer , who lives in Los Angeles with his wife and children
CNN  -- I often feel like a high-class prostitute , I just do n't charge like one . Call girls seem to know their black book value , or at least their madams do . But sadly , many professional working women do n't get or demand the compensation they deserve . It begins after college when young women are already making less than the guys -- 82 % of what their male peers receive , according to a recent study by the American Association of University Women . It gets worse over time , particularly for women who temporarily take themselves out of work by choice or necessity when they become moms . This chronic feeling that they are giving it up for free can hurt women 's lifelong earning power and their self-esteem . Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg wants to give America 's women workplace moxie and the skills to break through barriers that are holding them back , namely themselves . Sandberg 's new book , "  Lean In : Women , Work , and the Will to Lead , " is already generating the kind of buzz-worthy backlash and controversy that brings out the schadenfreude from the entire political rainbow of female commentators . Because she 's a billionaire and home for dinner with the kids at 5:30 , her gilded life makes her hardly relatable to virtually any other working mom . 10 views : Our struggle to ` have it all ' The book , together with an ambitious "  Lean In " social movement of monthly meetings dosed with inspirational anecdotes from other women , is all about bringing on the girl power and getting us out of the cubicle and into the corner office . "  Lean In " comes ironically on the high heels of Marissa Mayer , the 30-something , newly minted Mama Bear CEO at Yahoo! who pulled the plug on the flex policies that allowed employees to work from home . Mayer , who has a nursery for her own newborn in her office , is getting hazed for this seemingly retro and anti-family move . Is Mayer the ultimate sellout or the quintessential feminist ? Well , depends who you ask . Share your story : How do you balance work and family ? But have no doubt , working women are back on the political radar . President Obama gave a shout out to the cause of equal pay at his recent State of the Union . The White House also has created several initiatives in the wake of Obama signing the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act in January 2009 , the first law he signed in his administration . The law amends the Civil Rights Act , extending the period women can sue for gender pay discrimination . So why do so many accomplished women get snared in the vicious cycle of not getting paid properly for the work they do ? The problem , Sandberg 's book points out , is internal . Women can get squeamish about negotiating for money and do n't know how to effectively advocate for themselves . We are hard wired to make nice , not make people uncomfortable . Discussing money , for many women , feels exceptionally awkward . In my zigzagging career as a TV producer , writer , PR strategist , website editor-in-chief and TV spokesperson , I have cut my rates , jumped at the first offer , and even worked for free . Sometimes , I 've just felt lucky to get the job . Brilliant women in science and tech , then and now This behavior , said Mika Brzezinski , the best-selling author of "  Knowing Your Value : Women , Money and Getting What You 're Worth " and co-host of MSNBC 's "  Morning Joe , " is not unusual for women , but it 's disastrous . It undermines our value . She said we must stop feeling grateful and instead become fierce and focused . Work hard and go after what you deserve . Brzezinski 's book was born from personal experience and her admitted failure of not cutting herself a fair deal and getting the money she deserved . At the time , Brzezinski 's on-air TV career had stalled , and when she landed the gig at "  Morning Joe , " she never negotiated . Barely making ends meet and hearing she was earning 14 times less than her co-host , Joe Scarborough , was depressing and painful . After all , Brzezinski was working her tail off on "  Morning Joe , " helping take it from an unknown MSNBC show to a political commodity . Like so many women , Brzezinski thought if she worked hard , she would eventually be rewarded . But her paycheck left her defeated and bitter . Brzezniski eventually got a significant raise . But she was prepared to quit the show when MSNBC finally came to the table . The myth of balancing motherhood and a successful career "  We are good at advocating for other people but not for ourselves . You are asking not for the money you need , but the money you deserve , " said Brzezinski . "  It 's a cop out to say this just happens to women . We have to step up and take what we want and not feel uncomfortable for it . No drama , no games , no whining . Make them need you and be ready to walk . " Lyss Stern , founder and president of Divamoms.com , a luxury lifestyle company for mothers in the Tri-State area , said she knows what it 's like to not be taken seriously . Because of her extensive network of influential and affluent moms -- an important demographic -- Stern 's company is highly sought after by consumer product brands , entertainment companies and fashion and beauty businesses around the country . But it has been frustrating for Stern to get men , often the people making the deals , to recognize the value of her company . "  I 've found that it 's the men who think they can get away with not paying for my work . To them , they see a mom company as a hobby , not a business , " Stern said . "  I have multi-million dollar companies reaching out to me each day . They will take out a $ 100,000 ad campaign in The New York Times , but e-mail me and say they want to do business but have no real money to budget for me . It 's insulting . " In business for nearly a decade , it was relatively recently that Stern 's attitude changed and she had the confidence to politely walk away from a lousy deal . "  It took me seven years to truly understand the worth of my brand and to be able to say that if you do n't take me seriously , I do n't want to work with you . It 's your loss , " Stern said . But many women simply lack the mojo to say no . It 's almost as if women are conditioned to be pleasers and say yes , even if it 's not lucrative for them . They depreciate their own value just to get the work but are then resentful that they 've sacrificed themselves . "  It 's a vicious cycle . All of a sudden 20 years go by and you realize , wait , I 'm supposed to be making more not less , what happened ? " said Brzezinski . She said that getting what you deserve at work can also have a domino effect on all areas of a woman 's self worth . "  It changes your life to know your value and every relationship you have is better and stronger and more rewarding and lasting , " Brzezniski said . "  Women end up sabotaging their relationships when we do n't demand respect for our value from other people . " Do you agree that women do n't demand enough compensation in the job market ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below .	In her new book , Facebook 's Sheryl Sandberg says women must demand more at work Wendy Sachs agrees , saying women often "  give it up for free " in the workplace Not demanding a competitive salary was a huge mistake for TV host Mika Brzezinski Brzezinski says asking for more at work can have a domino effect on one 's self-worth
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraqi soldiers fired Friday on Sunni anti-government protesters demanding the Shiite prime minister step down , health officials said . Provincial health officials said that at least four people were killed and 42 wounded in the shootings in Falluja in western Anbar province , a Sunni stronghold where protesters have been denouncing what they call second-class treatment by the government . The officials backed off earlier reports that at least five people were killed , citing the chaos of scene . Read more : Thousands protest in Shiite provinces in southern Iraq Witnesses told CNN that Iraqi soldiers opened fire after they ordered the demonstrators to stop filming dozens of Iraqi security forces on the rooftops surrounding al-Etisam Square . But other witnesses said that Iraqi soldiers fired when protesters started throwing objects at them . The soldiers continued firing live bullets for several minutes . Angry protesters chanted : "  Those are al-Maliki 's forces , those are al-Maliki 's militias , " referring to Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . Iraqi authorities imposed curfew in Falluja on Friday until further notice . Religious leaders in Falluja have called for Iraqi forces to leave the city and for a funeral procession Saturday for those killed in the incident . "  We have been demonstrating peacefully . But now we warn al-Maliki that the blood of Falluja martyrs will not be shed in vain , " protester Abdul Wahed Ammar said . Al-Maliki on Friday said the violence in Falluja does n't surprise his administration . He cited "  conspiracies " plotted by regional intelligence services , vestiges of the old regime , al Qaeda and those with sectarian agendas . The government , he said , has warned before about "  those who have hostile agendas against Iraq , its political process and its democracy . " He said dangers are "  increasing day after day in an attempt to blow up the security situation in the country and drag the armed forces into confrontations . " The minister of defense ordered an investigation into the shootings , Anbar Satellite TV said . Iraq 's government spokesman did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . The protest in Falluja , dubbed "  Friday of No Retreat " by organizers , is the latest in a series held in predominantly Sunni regions of Iraq . They have been countered by mostly Shiite , pro-government demonstrations , raising fears that the sectarian division could bring violence in the streets . In another development , Iraqi soldiers withdrew from several security posts in and around the city and went back to their main military headquarters in Falluja , according to police officials in the city . Read more : Clashes erupt at Iraqi protest as sectarian tensions flare The protests have grown in recent weeks . They began in late December when Sunni demonstrators took to the streets in Anbar province , which borders Jordan and Syria , to protest al-Maliki 's order to arrest the bodyguards of Finance Minister Rafaie Esawi , a Sunni . The arrest of Esawi 's bodyguards came just hours after President Jalal Talabani , a Kurd who is widely viewed as a stabilizing political force in Iraq , left the country to undergo treatment for cancer . The protesters also are demanding the release of detainees they said were held without charges , calling the government corrupt and accusing it of unfairly targeting Iraq 's Sunni people . Iraq 's Arab Sunnis and Kurds have accused al-Maliki and his Shiite political party of working to consolidate power in Iraq by cutting them out of the political process , an allegation that comes as U.S. lawmakers raise concerns about Iraq strengthening its ties with Shiite-dominated Iran . Sunnis make up about 20 % of Iraq 's estimated population of more than 27 million , whereas about 60 % to 65 % are Shiite . Since the fall of Saddam Hussein 's Sunni-dominated regime in 2003 , Sunnis in Iraq have been largely disaffected . The gulf was widened in 2005 when Sunnis boycotted the country 's election , opening the way to a heavily dominated Shiite government . The sectarian divisions translated into violence in the streets in 2006 and 2007 , with fighting that nearly ripped the country apart . Opinion : Protests are as mindless as anti-Islam film CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki says he believes conspirators are plotting to undermine regime At least four people are killed in the shootings , health officials and witnesses say The shootings occur in Falluja in Iraq 's western Anbar province Protesters are calling for the Shiite prime minister to step down
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Hours after Turkey and Armenia announced a tentative , Swiss-mediated peace deal , opposition politicians in Turkey were blasting the proposal . Turkish President Abdullah Gul , left , meets Armenian counterpart Serzh Sarkisian in Yerevan in September 2008 . The plan would normalize relations and open the common border between the two neighbors . Political analysts warn that there are still immense hurdles left , before Armenians and Turks can overcome nearly a century of bad blood and re-open a border that has been sealed shut for more then fifteen years . In a joint press statement released late Monday night , Switzerland , Armenia and Turkey announced they had agreed to start six weeks of "  internal political consultations " on two protocols , aimed at establishing diplomatic and bilateral relations . "  The protocol can be signed in six weeks , ratified by the parliament completing the process there and come into force , " Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said , in an interview to Turkey 's NTV news station . "  However it is not known how long the approval process would be . " At least one observer noted the tenuous nature of the deal . "  I do n't see it as a breakthrough , because as long as everything is tied to parliamentary approval ... you can always go back to square one , " said Nigar Goksel , an Istanbul-based analyst with the European Stability Initiative , who has closely followed recent diplomacy between Yerevan and Ankara . The border between Turkey and Armenia has been shut since 1993 , after Turkey objected to Armenia 's war with Turkish-ally Azerbaijan over the disputed territory of Nagorno-Karabagh . Neither country has embassies in each other 's capitals . "  The United States warmly welcomes the joint statement made today by Turkey and Armenia , with Swiss participation , outlining further steps in the normalization of their bilateral relations , " the U.S. State Department said in a statement released Monday . "  It has long been and remains the position of the United States that normalization should take place without preconditions and within a reasonable timeframe . We urge Armenia and Turkey to proceed expeditiously , according to the agreed framework as described in today 's statement . "  We remain ready to work closely with both governments in support of normalization , a historic process that will contribute to peace , security and stability throughout the region . " Turkish-Armenian relations are often overshadowed by dispute over the massacre of ethnic Armenians in the final days of the Ottoman Empire , more then 90 years ago . Armenians accuse Ottoman Turks of committing genocide , killing more then a million Armenians starting in 1915 . Modern-day Turkey vehemently rejects these allegations . The proposed protocol for normalizing relations calls for creating a committee of international experts , to research archives and "  restore mutual confidence between the two nations . " But there is no mention of the disputed territory of Karabagh , which Armenian troops have controlled since the 1993 Armenian-Azerbaijan war . "  In this way Turkey is taking a step back , " said Onur Oymen , a lawmaker in Turkey 's opposition CHP party . He said if the protocols were put to a vote before the Turkish parliament , "  we wo n't support them . This would damage Turkey 's relations with Azerbaijan . " Many observers say the current diplomatic rapprochement between Turkey and Armenia was made possible by a dramatic round of "  football diplomacy . " In September 2008 , Turkish president Abdullah Gul accepted an invitation to attend a soccer match with Armenia 's newly-elected president in the Armenian capital . But in interviews , Armenian President Serge Sarkisian has said he wants Turkey to make progress towards re-opening the border , before agreeing to attend a follow-up round of football diplomacy , at a soccer match scheduled to take place in the Turkish city of Bursa on October 14 .	Swiss-mediated peace deal would normalize relations between Turkey , Armenia Border between neighbors closed since 1993 war between Armenia , Azerbaijan Countries agree to begin "  internal political consultations " on proposals
CNN  -- The art of portraiture , once reserved for the rich , the royal and the holy , has found a new mass appeal online . Matt Held is painting 200 Facebook photos and giving them to the subjects . Some avid social-network users are commissioning artists to create small digital images to represent themselves in the online world . Other Internet-savvy people use automated computer programs and Web sites to generate posterized likenesses of themselves . Matt Held , a 38-year-old painter in Brooklyn , New York , has gained Internet celebrity for painting peoples ' Facebook photos and then giving them to his subjects . And some identity researchers are trying to take the online portrait beyond images of people 's faces entirely . All of these efforts underscore the fact that tiny images , often no bigger than a postage stamp , have become stand-ins for peoples ' identities online . On the Web , people can recreate themselves in any way they choose . Unlike in the real world , where portraits are largely reserved for museums and the mantels of self-centered celebrities , online portraits are either free or relatively inexpensive . They 're also essential for effective Internet communication , said Judith Donath , a fellow at Harvard 's Berkman Center for Internet & Society . "  In the physical world , there 's a lot of effort people make in terms of how they look when they go out to walk down the street . Some people spend two hours to get ready going to the grocery store , " she said . "  In the physical world , there 's the actual self , so you 're not entirely dependent on a portrait . " On the Internet , though , people can create their appearance through images they choose to represent themselves , she said . Donath is working with a group of students from the MIT Media Lab to take online portraiture beyond realistic-looking faces . In the future , she says , people will create pictures of themselves with the data trails they leave online . Visit the "  Personas " project and type in your name to see how this might work . Donath said many people online are drawn to the fact that they do n't have to look like the person they are in the real world . But this is also a sticking point in the world of online portraiture , said Dan Schawbel , a personal branding expert and author of a book called "  Me 2.0 . " People should brand themselves online with a single professional photo that they display on all of their social networks so that strangers will be able to identify them , he said . "  Seeing the same thing again and again and again is going to make you remember it , " he said , adding that photographs of human faces are more emotional and memorable than drawings or other obscured representations . Erika Peterman would disagree . The 39-year-old in Tallahassee , Florida , paid $ 100 for local artist Lee Bretschneider to draw a caricature of Peterman as a comic book hero . She uses that image on her blog and on Facebook . "  I do think an illustration is a way to unleash some fantasy aspect of yourself or maybe the way you 'd like other people to see you , " she said . Peterman , who blogs about comics and has read them since she was young , said her stylized comic-book image says something about her and is more compelling than a standard photo . She said she 's not trying to hide anything behind the drawing . "  I look how I look and I 'm not fooling anybody , " she said . "  If the artist had me looking like Halle Berry , that 'd be ridiculous . " Joel Watson , who illustrates an online comic book series from Dallas , Texas , said he 's gotten so many requests from fans asking him to draw avatars for their online social networks that he ca n't keep up with the demand . He said some clients came back to him several times wanting new drawings because they had shaved off their hair or somehow changed their look . Each of these efforts cost $ 50 to $ 100 , he said . Several free Web sites offer to posterize a person 's Facebook or Twitter icons , or let users assemble cartoon versions of themselves . The latest to catch on in a big way is a spin-off of the AMC show "  Mad Men . " On a site called MadMenYourself.com , people create stylized images of themselves as sleek advertising executives from the 1960s , in keeping with the show 's theme . Dyna Moe , the 31-year-old New York artist who created the character components for the site , said at first she was "  creeped out " to see so many computerized versions of her drawings floating around social networks . On Twitter , where tiny square icons stand in for a person 's identity , it also became difficult to tell who some people were because the Mad Men icons all started to look similar , she said . It had a "  hall of mirrors feeling , " she said . The Web site had 8 million viewers the first week it launched , she said . MG Siegler , a blogger at TechCrunch , said his fans and friends found it jarring when he took down a photo from his social networks and replaced it with a "  Mad Men " avatar . "  They 're like , ` Oh , what 's going on here ? Is there some sort of life change that you switched up your icon for ? ' " he said . "  It 's kind of funny that people do very much pay attention to them . I think people start to associate your identity with your -LSB- Twitter -RSB- icon , " he said . Held , the painter in Brooklyn , is completing a series of 200 Facebook portraits . He chooses his subjects from a Facebook fan page called "  I 'll have my Facebook portrait painted by Matt Held , " where more than 6,400 people have signed up . The project struck a surprising chord with people and helped pull him out of a lull in his career , Held said . While people in his paintings can use the images online free , he sells the canvas works in galleries for $ 1,800 , he said . "  Portraiture in itself has always been there , but I want to bring it out to the masses , " he said . "  There are so many people out there with awesome photos and awesome stories who I feel need to be painted . "	The portrait , a centuries-old art form , is finding new life with the masses online Some people pay artists to paint their Facebook profile pictures and Twitter icons Free Web sites generate cartoon pictures of people for use in social media Researcher says portraits are necessary stand-ins for people online
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former Illinois Gov. George Ryan and a co-defendant lost another legal round at the Supreme Court on Tuesday and will remain in prison on federal racketeering and fraud convictions . Ex-Gov . George Ryan walks out of a Chicago , Illinois , courthouse after his April 2006 conviction . Ryan and businessman Larry Warner claimed they did not receive a fair trial , but the justices , without comment , refused to intervene in the case . Justice John Paul Stevens refused last fall to grant bail for the 74-year-old Ryan , a move that would have kept him out of jail to file more appeals . The disgraced ex-governor reported to a federal prison in Wisconsin in November to serve a 6 1/2 - year sentence . The men were convicted in April 2006 for fraud in a case stemming from bribes paid for various state licenses . Their lawyers claimed the trial judge improperly removed two jurors while deliberations in the case had commenced , but a federal appeals court upheld the convictions . Ryan , a Republican , served as governor from 1999 to 2003 . He retired following investigations into political corruption in his administration . He also was noted for issuing a moratorium on capital punishment in his state in 2000 over concerns innocent inmates might be executed . The case decided Tuesday is Warner and Ryan v. U.S.  07-977  .	George Ryan , co-defendant claim they did n't get fair trial in 2006 Justices refuse to intervene in case , give no reason why The men were convicted on charges related to bribery Ryan , a Republican , served as Illinois governor from 1999-2003
Imagine a lovely trip to the Caribbean , your favorite mountain retreat or even Disneyland without hordes of children around . Even if you have children you adore , it sounds tempting , does n't it ? Admit it . "  I go places during the week when the crowds are smaller , I 'm not anti-kid or anti-people , " writes Matt Hodgetts , who shared his thoughts on CNN 's Facebook page . "  I just find it more enjoyable to be at the zoo/museum/shows when there are less people around . " Kudos for thoughtful parents of babies on planes Rick Swartz , another Facebook commenter , says , "  Kids are great , just not during a vacation . My own kids are grown and gone . I like a little peace and quiet on vacation . " Now 's the perfect time for that kid-free trip . Most of the children who would be sharing your view of Yosemite or packing your top three theme park rides have gone back to school . If you do n't have kids , here 's your chance to enjoy one of the benefits of not having them -- the freedom to grab cheaper airfares and hotel rooms . If you have kids , it could still benefit you to take some time to reconnect with your significant other . That 's because the travel industry enters into a so-called shoulder season after Labor Day , when most travelers head back to school or work and airline seats and hotel rooms remain unfilled . While Las Vegas , New York and Chicago were KAYAK 's top flight search destinations for Labor Day , users who wait to travel to these destinations until the following weekend could save 8 % to 10 % on airfares , according to a KAYAK spokeswoman . Travel prices pick up again for Thanksgiving weekend and drop again until the Christmas and New Year 's holiday travel period . "  You wo n't just get peace and quiet , but good weather and low prices , " says Clem Bason , president of the Hotwire Group . "  Everyone in the U.S. still thinks of summer vacation and that 's when you take your vacation . People are sort of resistant to traveling in the fall and winter . They should go . You ca n't really lose on any angle . " 10 of America 's best lake vacations Going where it 's ` hot ' For people chasing warm weather and beaches , American Express Travel recommends this year 's popular South American destinations of Buenos Aires , Argentina ; Patagonia  in the south of both Argentina and Chile  ; and Cartagena , Colombia  just watch out for rain in October and November  . Ever popular for travelers , Europe tends to go on sale during the fall and winter , and Eastern European destinations such as Montenegro and Croatia are still attracting a lot of interest . In North America , leaf peepers may enjoy rail tours of the Canadian Rockies before winter hits . And California 's Napa and Sonoma vineyards are offering specials connected to the fall harvest , says American Express Travel . ` Fun Grandma ' makes trips count Is it really only for adults ? Some vacation spots are exclusively for the 18-and-older set , while others simply have fewer children present because most children are attending school . That does n't mean toddlers , home-schooled children or children with varying school holidays wo n't be present . If you want a truly adults-only experience , call your hotel to confirm it 's really for people ages 18 and older . Within the adults-only category , make sure to do your research to find out what type of "  adult " resort you 're booking , says Travelzoo senior editor Gabe Saglie . "  On some resorts , ` adult ' can mean risqu while on others , ` adult ' can mean upscale , quiet and private . " 12 fascinating Civil War sites Adults-only resorts Adults-only resorts can be found around the world . Some resorts are adults-only all the time , while others block out certain child-free times of year . Some allow teens but not younger children . For people traveling to Mexico who want an all-inclusive experience , Live Aqua Cancun was recently named the No. 1 resort in Mexico in Travel + Leisure 's reader-driven World 's Best awards . Visitors can enjoy celebrity chef-inspired dining , elegant spa treatments , the resort 's eight pools and the ocean . For wine lovers , the adults-only Kenwood Inn and Spa in California 's Sonoma Valley offers a private wine bar and Italian-influenced cuisine of chef Steven Snook , a Gordon Ramsay transplant from New York . Ranked by U.S. News as a top wine country hotel , the Kenwood Inn has 29 guestrooms and suites , each with a private entrance  but no television  . In New York , within an easy drive of Hudson Valley museums and 1 1/2 hours from the Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park , the intimate Glenmere Mansion has just 18 rooms and suites for its guests , some of whom arrive from Manhattan via helicopter . The hotel , which was once a private retreat for the wealthy , offers adults a break from the rigors of city life . Even its two fine dining restaurants , which are open to the public , do not allow anyone under 18 years of age . Adults-only cruising While some mainstream cruise lines do have adults-only sections , those areas do need to be enforced by ship personnel and would-be cruisers should check to see if passengers report any trouble with "  adult " areas being overrun by children . If you prefer that question never be raised , Travelzoo 's Gabe Saglie recommends checking out truly child-free cruises , including those operated by Carnival UK 's P&O Cruises .  Make sure to choose an "  Exclusively for adults " trip rather than a "  Family friendly " trip . "  British-owned P&O Cruises has a fleet of seven ships , three of which are exclusively for adults and offer a smaller-scale , more intimate cruising experience , " he says , "  Though not readily marketed in the U.S. , they feature several exotic itineraries . " Making more room at Disney It 's unlikely that any visit to a Disney theme park will be child-free . Some parents take their children out of school for that visit to Mickey Mouse 's empire , hoping for a more affordable and less-crowded experience . Still , there will be fewer when school is in session . Sheryl , a grown-up from San Jose who visits Disneyland about six times per year , advises thinking about what you want from the experience . She and her partner are annual passholders who never visit between Memorial Day and Labor Day or on a holiday weekend . Their passes allow them to book trips up to three months in advance .  Sheryl , who is a child psychologist , did n't want to give her last name and be misconstrued as anti-child . "  For me it helps to enjoy the experience when I have reasonable expectations , " she says . "  I had very different desires and expectations when we went to Disneyland for our honeymoon than when we had a family reunion during spring break . Our honeymoon was during an off-season and our experience was more adult focused . "  Our family reunion had to occur during a school holiday for the children in our lives , " she says . "  I went in knowing there were going to be crowds and families , the occasional meltdown and need for children-appropriate negotiation . Both holidays were fantastic and very different . "	With most children in school , destinations are often less crowded , more affordable Some spots are exclusively for the 18-and-older set ; others have fewer kids present Some Disney resorts pass holders avoid their favorite parks during the summer
Paris  CNN  Police found the bodies of five infants in a home near Bordeaux , France , according to news reports . Four of the bodies were frozen , the reports say . The mother , 35 , was hospitalized at Pellegrin Hospital in Bordeaux for gynecological and psychiatric examinations , the French television channel BFMTV reported . The hospital declined comment . The first body was found Thursday morning by the woman 's companion , a 40-year-old man , in a freezer bag , BFMTV reported . Police discovered bodies of four other babies in a freezer that evening during a search of the family 's home , the channel said . Officials with the Bordeaux prosecutor 's office were scheduled to hold a press conference Friday afternoon . Autopsies will be conducted , BFMTV said . The woman 's companion was taken into custody , the reports said . He told investigators that he had not known of the deaths and was devastated , according to reports . The couple is reported to have two daughters , aged 13 and 15 , and to have led a seemingly routine life . The family home is in Louchats , a village of fewer than 1,000 residents about 30 miles  50 kilometers  south of Bordeaux , in the Landes forest , in southwestern France . The country 's worst case of infanticide was in 2010 when a mother in the village of Villers-au-Tertre in northwestern France was found to have killed eight of her babies .	Reports say police find bodies of five newborns in home in southwestern France Woman believed to be mother is hospitalized for examinations , report says Woman 's companion is taken into custody , report says
CNN  -- Lots of kids are into dinosaurs . Tyler Lyson says he just never grew out of it . He grew up in rural North Dakota and says fossils were more widespread there than in other places in the U.S. Tyler Lyson 's interest in fossil discovery led him to help create a research foundation . "  I was very fortunate to grow up in a very rural area ... that just happens to be one of the best places to find dinosaur fossils , " Lyson said . But in 1999 , he did n't find just any fossil ; he discovered something jaw-dropping : a 25-foot-long dinosaur , complete with skin . Lyson 's find was an Edmontosaurus he named Dakota . The 65 million-year-old mummified dinosaur was unearthed with Lyson standing by in 2004 . Lyson explained that the dinosaur is one of approximately six "  dinosaur mummies " in the world . "  This dinosaur mummy has portions that none of the other dinosaur mummies have preserved , " he said . "  So we 're able to get a good look at the feet and the legs and the hands and basically the entire body -- what it actually looked like . " Watch the CNN.com Live interview " Lyson is the co-founder of the Marmarth Research Foundation in his hometown . The foundation is creating a museum and outreach programs to give volunteers hands-on field and lab work with fossils . While getting his doctorate at Yale , Lyson wants to make sure that other kids do n't grow out of their fascination with the extinct . E-mail to a friend	Tyler Lyson discovered a 25-foot-long dinosaur fossil with skin in 1999 Check out the YPWR blog to meet this week 's featured young person iReport.com : Do you know someone who rocks ? Let us know
CNN  Everybody on the planet knows that Gene Roddenberry created Mr. Spock , the laconic , imperturbable extra-terrestrial First Officer for the Starship Enterprise . But Mr. Spock does n't belong to Roddenberry , even though he is the grand exalted progenitor of everything that was , is , and forever will be "  Star Trek . " Mr. Spock belongs to Leonard Nimoy , who died Friday at age 83 . And though he does n't take Spock with him , he and Spock remain inseparable . Zachary Quinto , who plays Spock in the re-booted feature film incarnation of "  Trek , " is excellent in the role .  Nimoy himself said so .  Quinto must know that however much he brings to the role , he will only be its custodian . Spock is Nimoy . Nimoy is Spock . It is , as Spock himself would intone , only logical . Nimoy often insisted otherwise , especially as the show went from canceled outcast to global phenomenon . He even wrote a book with the title , "  I Am Not Spock "  1977  that was bought by millions of readers who did n't buy the title for a nanosecond . By 1995 , he cried "  uncle " by publishing a followup autobiography , "  I Am Spock . " In the years before and since , he carried his character 's legacy with the grace and class he exhibited in other areas of his life . And the life of Leonard Nimoy , irrespective of Spock , was a rich and varied feast . Those two "  Spock " books were n't the only things he 'd published . A couple of books of poetry are also credited to him as were a collection of photographs celebrating what he termed "  the feminine aspect of God . " Which reminds me . Nimoy had a hand , so to speak , in creating one of Spock 's most indelible traits : The "  live-long-and-prosper " split-finger salute that Nimoy had borrowed from an approximation of the Hebrew letter shin , the first letter in the word Shaddai , one of the Hebrew names for God . Roddenberry did n't think of that . Nimoy did . And in doing so made an implausible character as much a part of our waking dreams as members of our own family . He also directed movies , two of which were part of the "  Trek " franchise : 1984 's "  The Search for Spock " and 1986 's "  The Voyage Home . " I got to meet him when the latter film opened . It was at a press conference that was part of the promotional junket in Los Angeles and Nimoy was very un-Spock-like in his jocular , freewheeling enthusiasm for the movie  which was , in fact , one of the very best , certainly the warmest , of the big-screen "  Trek " iterations . He could not stop smiling , not even when one of the reporters asked him about a scene in the film that catches Spock in an impromptu grin .  It vanished once the movie opened in theaters .  He looked like a man who knew he was going to soon have a lot more money than he 'd had a week , or a day before -- though anyone with a brain knew he was n't going to squander any of it on trivial things . He was Nimoy and he was Spock . And they were serious men with serious thoughts . Still , it was always nice to know Nimoy could smile , even if Spock could n't .	Gene Seymour : Gene Roddenberry may have created "  Star Trek , " but Leonard Nimoy and character of Spock are inseparable He says Nimoy had many other artistic endeavors , photography , directing , poetry , but he was , in the end , Spock
Editor 's note : CNN has asked its journalists across the country to offer their thoughts on how the economic crisis is affecting their cities . In this installment , All Platform Journalist John Couwels reports from Orlando , Florida . Walt Disney World in Orlando , Florida , has announced that it will lay off employees . ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- Orlando : What first comes to mind ? Walt Disney World or Universal resorts , perhaps ? The two parks are the nation 's biggest tourist draws . As a new resident of Orlando , I find that the tourist areas are more removed from the city than I thought . Still , some people in the area where I currently live either work or have business dealings at tourist attractions . As with every city in the United States , Orlando is dealing with the fallout of an economic slowdown . Tourism officials expect an 8 percent to 10 percent drop in tourism dollars for 2009 . Nonetheless , during a recent visit to Disney 's Magic Kingdom with my family , I experienced a packed park . My first visit in 10 years : The park did not seem any different except for the $ 129 I paid for a six-month Florida resident pass . Disney World recently announced a major loss in income and that layoffs are expected . Sources within Disney say the layoffs could begin this week . Disney will not say how many people will be eliminated while it restructures and consolidates operations . I have not heard panic among businesses and city officials over the Disney announcement , despite the fact Disney World says it is the biggest single-site employer in the United States with 62,000 . Disney spokesman Mike Griffin said : "  We are bigger than the Pentagon . " Disney told me cuts would be significant , affecting back office workers . Griffin said guests visiting the parks would not see any difference . Danielle Courtney , spokeswoman of the Orange County Convention and Visitors Bureau , said she was sure that "  Disney will provide a value experience for their guests . " But she said Disney is doing what every other business is doing : cutting costs . Orlando 's economic and development director , Bill Billingsley , said the city has not lost a significant amount of jobs . Billingsley is concerned about the Disney layoffs but optimistic on the limited effect on the city 's economic health . From the big corporations to the funky little tea and sandwich shop east of downtown , businesses are feeling the pinch . The owner of Pom Pom 's Teahouse and Sandwicheria was telling my friend how she had to cut everyone 's hours to part time to save on expenses . The store has been open since 2006 . Owner Pom Moongauklang , a trained pastry chef , told me she 's doing whatever it takes to stay open . Pom cut her four employees ' hours instead of their jobs , lowered prices and extended hours to 24 hours on the weekends . Pom said of the 60 - to 70-hour work week : "  It 's killing me , but it 's working . " Along the epicenter of tourist hotels , restaurants and T-shirt shops , International Drive business owners say they are hurting . Aby Aly , owner of a gift shop selling goods from T-shirts to plush dolls , said that "  business is off by 35 percent , and people are not buying . " As I drive around town , I do not see a large number of closed-down stores . Like other cities , Orlando has seen big national chain closures like Linen-N-Things and Circuit City . Yet at two of the area 's outlet malls , you would never know there is an economic crisis . I waited 10 minutes in line to enter the parking lot . In the suburbs where foreclosures are their highest , more businesses have closed their doors . As I looked for a house to rent I was surprised how a one-bedroom condo in downtown was the same price as a four-bedroom house only five miles away . Real estate agent Sue Bee Laginess said the city has a glut of homes and condominiums for sale or rent . She said her office has seen business double from four months ago because of the low prices . The agent said owners have either lowered prices , been foreclosed on or are selling the house for the amount owed to the bank . For one store in my new quaint neighborhood of College Park , business has never been better : Top Drawer Consignments . Fred Rodgers , a former Disney designer and one of the store 's owners , said "  the tough economy is helping us . " Shoppers say they save money buying used furniture . Yet College Park has not been immune from the economic crisis ; real estate offices and gift shops have closed there , too . Despite the downturn , Orlando officials believe their city has fared better than most . Orlando 's economic development director told me Orlando is building a medical city that will add 10,000 jobs in the coming years . Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer will give his State of Orlando speech Wednesday , the same week the area 's biggest employer could begin layoffs .	Resort mecca Orlando , Florida , feels the pinch of economic slowdown Disney World reports it will have to lay off employees Consignment store bucks trend ; business good there City officials say upcoming medical development will add 10,000 jobs
Yosemite National Park has almost everything a nature lover could desire : Glorious waterfalls , spectacular meadows and valleys , groves of ancient sequoias and the wildlife that call the park home . Of course , Half Dome looms large for visitors . Each year , thousands of seasoned hikers make it to the summit 8,800 feet above sea level , climbing the last 400 feet on metal cables installed to allow hikers to reach the peak without rock climbing gear . The round trip takes most hikers 10 to 12 hours and permits are required . But as seasonal ranger Kirsten Randolph can attest , the park offers many stunning settings beyond this granite dome . Yosemite National Park exists because President Abraham Lincoln signed a bill creating the Yosemite Land Grant on June 30 , 1864 . The legislation , which included Yosemite Valley and the Mariposa Grove of Giant Sequoias , marks the first time the federal government had set aside a piece of land purely for preservation . That act is generally believed to mark the worldwide birth of the national parks idea . Yosemite National Park was officially created in 1890 , although the Valley and Mariposa Grove were still managed by the state of California at that time . These two areas were ceded to the federal government in 1906 , creating the park much as it exists today . Summer in the park : Great Smoky Mountains National Park Park stats : Yosemite National Park is the third most visited national park in the country with 3.8 million visitors last year  behind Great Smoky Mountains and Grand Canyon national parks  . The park encompasses nearly 1,200 square miles . The location : The Sierra Nevada mountain range in eastern California . If you go : The park entrance fee is $ 20 per private car , van , pickup or RV . The fee is $ 10 a person if arriving on foot , horseback , bicycle , motorcycle or noncommercial bus . Visitors 15 and younger can enter for free . Campground fees vary and reservations for campgrounds that require them go fast and are strongly recommended . Meet our ranger : Park ranger Randolph did n't grow up watching television or playing video games . Instead , Randolph played outside with her sister and family in Spokane , Washington , visiting Olympic National Park and other national parks for their vacations . "  I thought how neat it would be to live and work in a national park someday , " said Randolph , 26 . "  The rangers at all the parks seemed to be pretty cool . " She started at Yosemite as an intern , working on young visitor programming . After interning and volunteering for a full year , she got hired as a seasonal park ranger . She does n't see herself leaving anytime soon . "  Yosemite provides a unique opportunity to enjoy nature and wildlife and have interaction with visitors , " she says . "  I love witnessing how a first-time visitor connects with this place . " Summer in the park : Grand Teton National Park For a day trip , do n't miss : Cook 's Meadow . You can take the one-mile Cook 's Meadow Loop through the meadow . Then make make your way to the base of Yosemite Falls on the Lower Yosemite Fall Trail . Take a drive to see the iconic view at Glacier Point to see how large Yosemite is and catch an impressive view of Half Dome . During the summer , drive along Tioga Road , where the habitat is very different because you 're so high in elevation . Head into one of the sequoia groves , such as Mariposa Grove or the less visited Tuolumne or Merced groves . Favorite less-traveled spot : Take the free park shuttle to stop 16  at Happy Isles  and walk to a marshy meadow called the Fen . "  There 's a little bit of a spring underneath that keeps it green all year round , " says Randolph . "  It 's possible to see wildlife all year around this green meadow near Glacier Point . " Favorite spot to view wildlife : Cook 's Meadow is where Randolph saw her first bear on the job and where she spotted a rare Virginia rail bird . Even though it 's in the middle of everything , "  animals are still drawn to it around sunset or at night , " she says . "  Our wildlife do n't like to be out in the hot sun any more than we do . " 7 stunning spots for U.S. wildlife Most magical moment in the park : No surprise that it 's Cook 's Meadow  again  for this ranger : Two months ago , that 's where her fiance , a park law enforcement officer , proposed to her in the lush green grasses growing in spring . "  Yosemite Falls and Half Dome were in the background , " she says . Favorite other park to visit : Pinnacles National Park  California  . Set aside as a national monument by Theodore Roosevelt in 1908 , Pinnacles National Monument was elevated to become the nation 's 59th national park  and California 's ninth national park  on February 11 , 2013 . If you visit , you might see endangered California condors , as Randolph did when she and her fiance went camping there last fall . That 's because the 27,000-acre park is home to 63 California condors and is one of four condor release sites in the country . What is your favorite national park or national park site and why ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Yosemite National Park 's Half Dome welcomes seasoned hikers to its summit Visitors might see bears and other wildlife wandering through Cook 's Meadow Visit Mariposa Grove or any of the sequoia groves to see the ancient sequoias
CNN  -- Steven Pienaar will carry the weight of his country 's expectations when he represents South Africa on home turf at this summer 's World Cup . The midfielder was South Africa 's Footballer of the Year in 2009 and plays for English Premier League team Everton . Piennar , 28 , tells CNN 's Inside Africa about growing up in a tough Johannesburg neighborhood , the responsibilities that go with being a professional footballer , and his hopes for the "  Rainbow Nation , " and how he does n't think the World Cup will go to an African team this year . CNN : You grew up in Westbury -- what kind of neighborhood is it ? Steven Pienaar : It 's famous for bad stuff . A lot of burglars and gangsterism -- and poverty . CNN : What were your options when you were young ? What did people want to become at your age at that time ? SP : When you 're that age growing up in Westbury you look up to the drug dealers , because they are like your heroes . They drive fancy cars , with nice clothes . So you just want to be like them . But I had a strict mom and school was the first thing on my mind . She always wanted me to go to school and just focus on school . And soccer was always after school . CNN : What are your thoughts about the World Cup ? SP : We have to go out there and show the world we 're not in the World Cup just because we 're hosting it . We have to show them we 've got a spirit , the African spirit , in us and also the talent and the mentality to win games . And we have to go past the group stages . African football academy creates future stars CNN : What does it mean to play in front of a local crowd ? SP : It 's an unbelievable feeling because when you hear the vuvuzela , it 's like you 're hearing an elephant . You feel that you 're in Africa . It 's also the noise of people , the excitement of other people when they sing and dance . It 's touching . The game means a lot to them and for us playing for the country . It 's a special feeling . CNN : Do you feel like you 're part of the new South Africa ? SP : Yes , I feel I am part of the new South Africa and all that is thanks to -LSB- Nelson -RSB- Mandela , of course , for changing it . If it was n't for him , I do n't think I would have been given the opportunity . He 's changed a lot , and for me to be a famous football player -- I 've got a lot of responsibility and I 'm going to represent the country . CNN : If you did n't have the talent and determination you have , where would you be if you were back in South Africa ? SP : That 's a tough one . I 'm not sure . I think if I did n't get opportunity to go to a soccer school , I think selling drugs -- something like that . CNN : Tell me more about the passion of Africans for football . Is it almost a religion ? SP : It is , because the people hate losing . South Africans are a bunch of impatient people ... and it can make people put guns down just to come watch a game . That 's how special the game is . I ca n't describe the way people are crazy about soccer . CNN : Do you think an African team can win the World Cup ? SP : I 'm more of a realist . I do n't think it will happen in 2010 , but it will be something special if an African nation can win it because it 's on the continent . I think if it was somewhere in West Africa , with the heat , then you could have said an African nation could win . But in South Africa it will be winter , so it will be more in the favor of the Europeans . Hong Konger turns rugby passion into Rwanda vision CNN : What has football taught you about life ? SP : It can be a roller coaster . I 've had a lot of downs in my career but hopefully now it 's the turn to go up . But with injuries , that 's the down part of it , and being away from your family -- the sacrifices you have to make . You must leave all of your family and friends behind and go away just to get a better living , to make sure your family get a better living . CNN : Do you think African players maybe have more people counting on them than , say , a player from Europe ? SP : Definitely . As African players we know we have a big family back home -LSB- and if -RSB- one of the kids or cousins make it , you have to look after the whole family . You have to work for them . And of course , they 're praying for you , for the blessings that you get . So you have to help the whole family to get a better life . CNN : How important is it to the sense of camaraderie that you 're representing "  the Rainbow Nation " ? SP : It is a rainbow nation and it 's a mix of white , mixed race , black players . For us , when we 're in camp , we 're a family . There 's a lot of jokes . We laugh a lot and there 's always happiness in the team . The players are always singing and just having fun . That 's what you want : A happy home we hope will bring results .	Steven Pienaar was South Africa 's Footballer of the Year in 2009 He will represent his country at this summer 's World Cup Pienaar grew up in a neighborhood "  famous for gangsters and poverty " He does n't believe an African team will win this World Cup
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Steroid test results and notes and calendars from his then-trainer are among the evidence federal prosecutors have amassed in their perjury case against baseball home-run king Barry Bonds , according to documents unsealed Wednesday . Barry Bonds , shown at his most recent court appearance , is accused of lying to a grand jury . The 223-page stack of documents unsealed by a federal judge represents much of the government 's case against Bonds , who is accused of obstructing justice and lying to a grand jury investigating the use of steroids in professional sports . Prosecutors say the test results show Bonds was using performance-enhancing substances -- including a then-undetectable designer drug -- at a time he denied knowingly using any . Bonds ' attorneys are seeking to keep much of that evidence out of court . The 44-year-old former San Francisco Giants slugger holds Major League Baseball 's single-season and all-time home-run titles , but his achievements have been shadowed by allegations he used performance-enhancing drugs . Bonds pleaded not guilty to the perjury and obstruction of justice charges and has been free on $ 500,000 bond . A hearing in the case is scheduled for Thursday . The charges stem from his 2003 appearance before a federal grand jury probing the distribution of steroids by the San Francisco-area Bay Area Laboratory Cooperative , or BALCO . Bonds told the grand jury that his former personal trainer , Greg Anderson , gave him a cream that he said was flaxseed oil to use on his arm in 2003 . Anderson spent three months in prison after admitting distributing steroids and was later jailed for refusing to cooperate with prosecutors . The case against Bonds will include calendars kept by Anderson that prosecutors say were used to keep Bonds and other athletes on a doping regimen -- an assertion expected to be bolstered by the testimony of other athletes , they said . Evidence will include a recording of a phone conversation with an associate in which Anderson "  describes injecting the defendant , having the ability to obtain and utilize inside information about MLB 's random drug testing to the defendant 's benefit and the undetectable nature of what Anderson had been doing , " according to documents . Bonds won seven National League MVP titles during his 22-year career , 15 years of which was spent with the Giants . The team released him after the 2007 season , just weeks after he broke Hank Aaron 's career home-run record .	NEW : Bonds ' attorneys are seeking to keep many of the documents out of court NEW : Evidence will include phone conversation about "  injecting the defendant " NEW : Hearing in the perjury case is scheduled for Thursday Steroid test results and notes from ex-trainer among documents unsealed
Alan Turing , a British code-breaker during World War II who was later subjected to chemical castration for homosexual activity , has received a royal pardon nearly 60 years after he committed suicide . Turing was best known for developing the Bombe , a code-breaking machine that deciphered messages encoded by German machines . His work is considered by many to have saved thousands of lives and helped change the course of the war . "  Dr. Turing deserves to be remembered and recognized for his fantastic contribution to the war effort and his legacy to science , " British Justice Secretary Chris Grayling said in a statement Tuesday . "  A pardon from the Queen is a fitting tribute to an exceptional man . " Turing 's castration in 1952 -- after he was convicted of homosexual activity , which was illegal at the time -- is "  a sentence we would now consider unjust and discriminatory and which has now been repealed , " Grayling said . Two years after the castration , which Turing chose to avoid a custodial sentence , he ended his life at the age of 41 by eating an apple laced with cyanide . Supporters have long campaigned for Turing to receive greater recognition for his work and official acknowledgment that his punishment was wrong . An online petition in 2009 that drew tens of thousands of signatures succeeded in getting an apology from then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown for Turing 's treatment by the justice system in the 1950s . Brown described the Turing sentence as "  appalling . " The German messages that Turing cracked at the British government 's code-breaking headquarters in Bletchley Park provided the Allies with crucial information . The German messages were encoded by Enigma machines , which Adolf Hitler 's military believed made its communications impenetrable . Turing was considered a mathematical genius . In 1937 he published a paper introducing an idea that came to be known as the Turing machine , which is considered to have formed the basis of modern computing . This was a hypothetical device that could come up with a solution to any problem that is computable . "  Alan Turing was a remarkable man who played a key role in saving this country in World War II by cracking the German enigma code , " British Prime Minister David Cameron said . "  His action saved countless lives . He also left a remarkable national legacy through his substantial scientific achievements , often being referred to as the ` father of modern computing . ' " The prestigious A.M. Turing Award -- sometimes called the "  Nobel Prize " of Computing -- was named after Turing . The pardon , under the Royal Prerogative of Mercy , comes into effect Tuesday , the British Ministry of Justice said .	Alan Turing 's code-breaking is credited with helping to end World War II He killed himself in 1954 after being chemically castrated for homosexual activity Nearly 60 years later , he receives a posthumous royal pardon Britain says the pardon is "  a fitting tribute to an exceptional man "
CNN  It 's all fun and games in the world of comic book movies -- until pro football gets involved . Chris Pratt and Chris Evans -- two of the hottest actors in Hollywood because of their superhero roles in recent Marvel Studios movies -- are waging a friendly feud on Twitter , resulting in an epic bet over the Super Bowl . In one corner , we have "  Captain America 's " Evans , a dyed-in-the-wool fan of the New England Patriots . Evans landed the first blow Monday with a tweet to Pratt that said in part , "  For the next 2 weeks , you are not my friend , you are my enemy . " In the other corner , we have Pratt , the "  Guardians of the Galaxy " star , who roots for the Seattle Seahawks . Pratt quickly fired back with a dig at Evans ' Marvel character . Then Evans upped the ante . Pratt framed the first half of the bet : If the Patriots lose , Evans must come to Seattle and visit a children 's hospital in his superhero duds and waving a Seahawks fan-club flag . And Evans responded in turn , daring Pratt to come to a Boston pediatric cancer center dressed as Star-Lord from "  Guardians . " And so the bet is on . It 's always possible that this exchange is a joke or a promotional stunt -- Evans ' Captain America co-stars in "  Avengers : Age of Ultron , " hitting theaters May 1 -- but the Super Bowl just got a little more exciting . Now Marvel just hopes the two will mend fences after the game on February 1 .	Marvel stars Chris Evans and Chris Pratt made a Twitter bet over the Super Bowl Pratt is pulling for the Seattle Seahawks , Evans for the New England Patriots Both agreed to appear in their Marvel characters for charity if they lose
CNN  -- She graced the cover of Vogue , launched a best-selling biography and was named Australian Sportswoman of the Year . Quite impressive , considering this was her "  time off work . " Even more so , given she 's a race horse . Champion thoroughbred Black Caviar has n't competed since her dramatic win at Britain 's Royal Ascot eight months ago but that has n't diminished the hype surrounding the world 's greatest sprinter , who remains undefeated in a staggering 22 consecutive races . Now , after a long absence due to muscle injury , the six-year-old mare is set to return to the track in what could well prove her D-Day race . "  We 're all hoping she wins on Saturday , " co-owner Colin Madden told CNN . "  But the real benefit is she does n't read the newspapers so she does n't know the pressure is on . " Her performance at the Lightning Stakes , in her hometown of Melbourne , will determine if this is the last hurrah of a stellar career . "  If things go really well , we 've got around two or three more races left in her , " Madden said . And if she does n't live up to expectations ? "  We 'll just have to see . The fact she got 22 wins without losing , and the affection Australians have for her , means our respect for her is so high . None of us want to see her race if she ca n't present herself well . " It will be a defining race for a horse who appeared "  tired and cranky " in her most recent win at the Diamond Jubilee Stakes in June . Black Caviar , worth almost $ 7 million in prize money , barely nudged ahead of the tightly fought pack . It was later revealed she had muscle strain in her legs which would put her out of action -- until now . "  She was courageous the way she won at Ascot , " Madden said . "  It was at the end of a very long run of competitions -- she 'd had five races that year and a trip to the UK . " Healed and rested after an eight-month break , Madden says we 'll see a return to the Black Caviar of old on Saturday -- not the mare who scrambled over the finishing line in front of a sellout crowd of 80,000 at Ascot . "  She 's fully recovered . She 's got a glint in her eye and her mind and body are strong , " he added . She appeared back on top form during a training run in Melbourne last week , with bookmakers already placing the two-time Lightning Stakes winner as the favorite for Saturday 's race . Depending on her performance , Black Caviar could next compete at a handful of races across Australia in the coming months , including Newmarket in Melbourne and the T.J. Smith Stakes in Sydney , said Madden . But a return to Ascot was unlikely , he added . Since demolishing the field in her first major win at the Danehill Stakes in 2009 , an air of mystique has followed world champion thoroughbred . The superstar mare , who even has her own Twitter handle , has not just won all 22 of her races -- with the exception of Ascot she has won them by staggering margins , destroying world-class fields to become one of the top-rated race horses on the planet . Her unblemished record is the second highest of all time , trailing behind only Hungarian horse Kincsem , which apparently took 54 races in the late 1800s . Beyond the track , Black Caviar may also have a profitable career as a breeding mare , with managing owner Neil Werrett last year hinting that champion British thoroughbred Frankel could be a good match . Frankel , who wrapped up his stellar career in the Champion Stakes at Ascot with an unblemished 14-win record , has now been put out to stud -- with big returns expected for owner Saudi Prince Khalid Abdullah . The top-rated race horse in the world is expected to start his new duties this month , commanding a fee of $ 160,000 each time he sires a foal . Win or lose on Saturday , one thing is certain -- Black Caviar has already cemented her place in the hearts of Australians . More than 10,000 people packed into Melbourne 's Federation Square to watch her Ascot triumph on the big screen in June , her biography has sold 50,000 copies , and in December she became the first horse to grace the country 's Vogue magazine .	Horse racing 's greatest sprinter , Black Caviar , returns to track after long absence After nailbiting Ascot win , Australian mare competes for first time in eight months Depending on outcome at Lightning Stakes , it could be one of her last races Champion thoroughbred could have profitable future as breeding mare
CNN  -- Ten years after 113 people died when a Concorde jet crashed into a hotel outside Paris , local officials say the country 's government has not done enough to protect people living near the airport . "  Seventy-five percent of air accidents have happened in taking off or landing in densely populated areas , " Gonesse Mayor Jean-Pierre Blazy said in a statement . The town of Gonesse , located north of Paris , was scheduled to hold a memorial service Sunday to honor the 113 victims who died when the Concorde jet crashed there on July 25 , 2000 . A court is expected to rule in a manslaughter case related to the crash in December , a statement from Gonesse 's government said . "  Despite 10 years of investigation and four months of trial , all the responsibility does not seem to have been established , " the statement said . French investigators said a small titanium strip that was loose caused the crash . It had fallen from a Continental Airlines plane on the runway minutes earlier . The crash , coupled with rising costs and a slump in demand , eventually led to Concorde 's retirement in 2003 .	Mayor says air safety remains a concern for his government The town of Gonesse is holding a memorial for crash victims A verdict is expected in a manslaughter case related to the crash in December
CNN  -- The United States and other Western powers have "  exacerbated Somalia 's downward spiral " and must revise their policies in the east African country , a Human Rights Watch report has warned . Recent image of Islamist fighters at a camp in the northern outskirts of Mogadishu The report , released Monday , blames the policies under President George W. Bush for "  breeding the very extremism that it is supposed to defeat . " "  The new administration of U.S. President Barack Obama should urgently review U.S. policy in Somalia and the broader Horn of Africa and break with the failed approach of his predecessor , " the report said . It also cites key European governments for failing "  to address the human rights dimensions of the crisis , with many officials hoping that somehow unfettered support to abusive TFG  Somali transitional government  forces will improve stability . " Somalia 's weak transitional government , backed by Ethiopian forces , continues to battle Islamic militias with the fighting concentrated in the capital , Mogadishu . Ethiopian forces have not withdrawn from the country , as required under a recent cease-fire agreement . Ethiopia invaded Somalia two years ago and successfully routed the Islamic militia that seized control of the capital . The HRW report states that the United States "  directly backed Ethiopia 's intervention . " Since the 2006 overthrow of the Islamic Courts Union , Somalia has suffered from "  unconstrained warfare and violent rights abuses " by all warring parties . "  All sides have used indiscriminate force as a matter of routine , and in 2008 violence has taken on a new dimension with the targeted murders of aid workers and civil society activists , " the report states . "  The human rights and humanitarian catastrophe facing Somalia today threatens the lives and livelihoods of millions of Somalis on a scale not witnessed since the early 1990s . " Heavy fighting in Mogadishu and across Somalia has driven more than a million people from their homes . The lawlessness has also spilled onto the seas off the Horn of Africa , where international vessels are routinely hijacked by suspected Somali pirates who demand large ransoms . Human Rights Watch offers specific recommendations to the Somali and Ethiopian governments , the main militias , and the international community to address the human rights abuses . It calls on the West to "  insist upon an end to the impunity that has fueled the worst abuses - and the right place to start is by moving the U.N. Security Council to establish a Commission of Inquiry to document abuses and lay the groundwork for accountability . " Journalist Abdinasir Mohamed Guled contributed to this report .	Bush policies blamed for "  breeding the very extremism that it is supposed to defeat " Report : European govts failed to address "  human rights dimensions of the crisis " Somalia 's Ethiopian-backed transitional government battling Islamic militias Fighting has driven more than a million people from their homes
An uncle of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has been executed for trying to overthrow the government , the Korean Central News Agency reported early Friday . "  Traitor Jang Song Thaek Executed " blared the headline posted by the state-run news agency about the man who , until recently , had been regarded as the nation 's second-most powerful figure . The story said that a special military tribunal had been held Thursday against the "  traitor for all ages , " who was accused of trying to overthrow the state "  by all sorts of intrigues and despicable methods . " It added , "  All the crimes committed by the accused were proved in the course of hearing and were admitted by him . " Once his guilt was established , Jang was immediately executed , it said . The KCNA report described Jang as "  despicable human scum " and "  worse than a dog , " and said he had betrayed his party and leader . "  This is a stunning development , " Marcus Noland , a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics , told CNN on Thursday . "  I 've been following North Korea for 20 years and I do not remember them ever publicly announcing the execution of a senior leader . You hear rumors about it , but this theatrical arrest earlier in the week and now this execution are unprecedented . " He added , "  The regime , I think , is trying to intimidate anyone that might have independent ideas or harbor any ambitions . " KCNA 's report comes days after Jang was removed from his military post . Jang , who was married to Kim 's aunt , had served as vice chairman of North Korea 's top military body and had often been pictured beside the 30-year-old leader , who has ruled North Korea since the death in 2011 of his father , Kim Jong Il . It has previously been reported that Kim Il Sung -- the late father of Kim Jong Il and the architect of the North Korean state -- disapproved of Jang 's marriage into the family , according to Time Magazine . In Washington , a State Department official acknowledged having seen the report of Jang 's execution . "  While we can not independently verify this development , we have no reason to doubt the official KCNA report , " Deputy Spokeswoman Marie Harf said in a statement . "  If confirmed , this is another example of the extreme brutality of the North Korean regime . We are following developments in North Korea closely and consulting with our allies and partners in the region , " Harf added . "  I think the message to people in North Korea is : Do n't mess with Kim Jong Un , " said Mike Chinoy , a senior fellow at the U.S.-China Institute at the University of Southern California and author of "  Meltdown : The Inside Story of the North Korean Nuclear Crisis . " "  This is about as brutal and ruthless a signal that could possibly be conveyed -- that Kim Jong Un is in charge and that anybody who seeks to create any kind of alternative power center is going to get destroyed politically and , in the case of Jang Song Thaek , physically as well . " He called the incident "  the most dramatic , highly visible shakeup in the North Korean leadership in decades . " Kim accused Jang and his allies of double-dealing behind the scenes , "  dreaming different dreams " and selling the country 's resources at cheap prices , thereby threatening North Korea 's economic development , according to a KCNA statement this week . "  Jang desperately worked to form a faction within the party by creating illusion about him and winning those weak in faith and flatterers to his side , " the statement said . The statement accused Jang of womanizing , drug use , gambling , eating at expensive restaurants and undergoing medical treatment in a foreign country . Friday 's KCNA report accused Jang of having distributed pornographic pictures among his confidants and having taken at least 4.6 million euros  US $ 6.3 million  "  from his secret coffers and squandered it in 2009 alone . " How does North Korea make money ? Two allies of Jang -- Lee Yong-ha and Jang Soo-kee -- were recently executed , South Korean lawmakers told reporters prior to Friday 's report . The lawmakers , including Cho Won-jin of the governing Saenuri Party , said they had received a briefing from South Korea 's National Intelligence Service . CNN has not been able to independently confirm the report . North Korea , a state shrouded in secrecy , has been involved in a protracted standoff with its neighbors and Western powers over its nuclear weapons program . Tensions between North Korea and South Korea soared this year as Pyongyang reacted angrily to tightened United Nations sanctions imposed in response to its latest nuclear test . The two sides are still technically at war after the Korean conflict , which began in 1950 and ended in 1953 in a truce , not a treaty . The South Korean government held a national security meeting on Friday morning and was keeping a close eye on events in the north , Unification Ministry spokesman Kim Eui-do told reporters . On a separate note , Seoul has accepted a proposal from Pyongyang to meet on December 19 in the Kaesong North-South Korea Industrial Complex , the spokesman said . The execution may have repercussions among the security and military forces as well as in the economy , since Jang was well-connected in those areas , USC 's Chinoy said . "  All those people now are either going to have to make very visible that they 're abandoning that previous connection and that they 're going to show total loyalty to Kim Jong Un , or they 're going to be in trouble . " But it 's not clear what , if anything , the incident may portend , he added . "  It raises a lot more questions than answers . " For example , the killing could affect Pyongyang 's relationship with Beijing , since Jang had dealt extensively with China -- North Korea 's biggest and most important neighbor and supplier of food and aid , said Chinoy , who was a CNN correspondent . "  I think the Chinese saw him as a sober , adult supervisor " of the untested young leader , he said . And Pyongyang 's denunciation of Jang -- which implied he had had dubious connections with an outside power -- was likely referring to China , whose leaders may now be "  deeply unsettled , " Chinoy said . The incident could have even wider repercussions , Chinoy said . If there is a sense of instability inside North Korea , with top-level people getting killed and others at risk , "  there 's always the temptation to strike out externally , " Chinoy said . "  You ca n't rule that out . " Opinion : How Kim Jong Un got rid of his uncle	The message : "  Do n't mess with Kim Jong Un , " says North Korea expert Mike Chinoy "  This is a stunning development , " says North Korea expert Jang Song Thaek was married to Kim 's aunt , was vice chairman of the top military body
CNN  -- The view from the roof of Mohammed Younis 's hotel in Giza , Cairo , is of a thousand lights twinkling on the dark surface of the river Nile . It 's a pretty scene , but few visitors are here to enjoy it . As a waiter brings over beer and tea , Younis puts out a Marlboro cigarette and lights another . A tour guide and hotel partner whose livelihood depends on tourism , Younis is agitated , and understandably so . The World Economic Forum has just declared Egypt one of the most dangerous places on earth for tourists . The report puts Egypt above Yemen and Pakistan in terms of risks for visitors . "  Just like any other country , Egypt has dangerous places , " allows a weary Younis . "  Yes , the crime rate has increased since the revolution , due to the economic situation , but this affects Egyptians , not tourists . " Why some travelers seek out the world 's most dangerous locales Younis is one of many . The country 's tourism workers have been hit hard by political and civil unrest . According to the United Nations World Tourism Organization  UNWTO  , tourism employs directly nearly 18 million people . Tourist arrivals are far lower than in previous years . In addition to politically motivated violence that continues in the wake of the 2011 Egyptian revolution , there are concerns about the country 's beachside resorts at Hurghada and Sharm Al Sheikh . Many worry that the new government , the Muslim Brotherhood , will impose strict morality provisions on these party towns , which are famed for their beaches and nightlife . Earlier this month , tourism minister Hisham Zaazou sought to quell these fears at the Arabian Travel Market in Dubai , when he alluded to Islamist groups calling for bans on alcohol and women wearing bikinis . "  Bikinis are welcome in Egypt and booze is still being served , " Zaazou told reporters in Dubai . Egypt hotel goes alcohol-free , creates women-only floor Tourists trickling back Despite media coverage of calls by conservatives for an alcohol ban , tour guide Younis says he never expected the comments of hardliners to be taken seriously . Egypt is n't an exclusively Muslim country , and tourism has long been a lifeline for the Egyptian government , which is currently facing its worst economic crisis in decades . The country desperately needs the money that tourism brings . In 2012 , UNWTO figures show international tourism generated $ 10.1 billion . Tourist numbers have fallen , from 14 million in 2010 to 10.2 million in 2011 , and 10.5 million for 2012 . The good news is that , after a sluggish start , total numbers for 2012 picked up with a strong surge toward the end of the year . "  Despite the ongoing political instability in 2012 , main tourist attractions such as the Red Sea beach resorts , Luxor and Aswan remained very much secluded from the political turmoil , which allowed the tourism sector to slowly recover , " says Maii Abdel Rahman , a research analyst at Euromonitor International . The first quarter of 2013 has continued the trend , with arrivals and hotel bookings showing a "  healthy increase , " according to Rahman . Cairo slower to recover Despite the positive outlook , the Egyptian capital of Cairo is n't a placid city two years after the revolution  arguably it never was  . Gone are the days when tourists might visit Egypt 's museums and pyramids and ignore the country 's political turmoil . Tourism gains for 2013 come almost exclusively from outside of Cairo . Euromonitor 's Rahman says that in the early days of the revolution , the capital 's Tahrir Square -- the epicenter of protests that ultimately toppled President Hosni Mubarak in February 2011 -- became a tourist attraction in itself . The attraction proved short lived , as political instability in the country persists . "  With the ongoing unrest and growing security concerns , the number of tourists visiting Tahrir Square and Cairo in general remains very small , hence the low  hotel  occupancy rates , " she says . The revolution is on the lips of every barman , taxi driver , shop owner and tout . Its graffiti adorns walls across the city . Despite the challenges , Cairo remains a fascinating , vibrant city , and local optimists argue that dangerous areas are few and far between . Luxor balloon flights resume Fruit sellers , kebab shops and cafes bring peaceful crowds into the streets . Men sit in plastic chairs puffing on shisha pipes . Outside the Metro station close to the Al Tonsi , an unlicensed vendor openly sells Egypt 's Stella and Sakara beers for a fraction of the price found in the city 's trendy bars . In Zamalek , a 20-minute walk north , outdoor cafes are packed with young Egyptians sitting in the shade of the trees . Tentative hope Mohammed Younis has landed another job , this one guiding a group around Egypt 's ancient tombs and monuments at Luxor . He 's grateful for the work , and , with his schedule filling up in the warm summer months -- generally a slow season in Egypt ahead of the busy autumn -- he can relax , at least temporarily . "  The unrest is still putting people off , of course , but I think people are starting to come back , " he says . Younis remains hopeful , if not for a revolution , at least for a little more activity .	WEF : Egypt ` one of the most dangerous places on earth ' Country 's millions of tourism workers hit hard by poor business following political unrest "  Bikinis are welcome in Egypt and booze is still being served , " says tourism minister Tourist arrivals plummeted in 2011 , but began picking up late last year
CNN  Debra Milke spent 22 years on death row , convicted of conspiring with two other men to kill her son allegedly for an insurance payout . On Monday , a judge ruled that the Arizona woman is innocent and dismissed all charges against her . This makes Milke only the second woman exonerated from death row in the United States . More importantly , the judge 's decision finally clears Milke after years of legal back-and-forth in a case where she steadfastly maintained her innocence . Key to the case 's dismissal was prosecutorial misconduct , mainly that of a detective , Armando Saldate , who said Milke confessed to the crime to him -- even though there was no witness or recording . Prosecutors withheld from the jury Saldate 's personnel record which showed instances of misconduct in other cases , including lying under oath . The two men with whom Milke was accused of conspiring were tried separately and are still on death row . A day after seeing Santa Claus at a mall on December 1 , 1989 , young Christopher Milke asked his mother if he could go again . Milke 's roomate , James Styers , took the boy ; then called Milke saying Christopher had disappeared . Instead , Styers and a friend drove the boy out of town to a secluded ravine where Styers shot Christopher three times in the head , prosecutors said . Styers and the friend were convicted of murder and sentenced to death . Milke was implicated based on alleged testimony from Styer 's friend , Roger Scott . The detective , Saldate , said Scott told him that Milke was involved in a plot to kill her son . And during her trial , prosecutors floated a likely motive : A $ 5,000 life insurance policy she had taken out on the child . But neither Scott nor Styers testified to a plot in court . No other witnesses or direct evidence linked Milke to the crime other than Saldate 's testimony . Saldate further said that Milke confessed to her role in the murder plot during interrogation and said it was a "  bad judgment call . " There was no recording of the interrogation , no one else was in the room or watching from a two-way mirror , and Saldate said he threw away his notes shortly after completing his report . Milke offered a vastly different view of the interrogation and denied that she had confessed to any role . The trial became a he-said/she-said contest between the two . Ultimately , the jury believed the detective and convicted Milke of murder . What prosecutors did n't tell the court was the detective 's long history of lying under oath and misconduct . Saldate had been suspended five days for taking "  liberties " with a female motorist and lying about it to his supervisors . Four confessions or indictments had been tossed out because Saldate had lied under oath . Judges suppressed or vacated four other confessions because Saldate had violated a person 's constitutional rights . In 2013 , after more than 20 years in jail , an appeals court overturned Milke 's conviction . "  The Constitution requires a fair trial , " Chief Judge Alex Kozinski of the federal 9th Circuit Court of Appeals wrote . "  This never happened in Milke 's case . " "  The state knew of the evidence in the personnel file and had an obligation to produce the documents , " Kozinski said . " ... There can be no doubt that the state failed in its constitutional obligation . " Milke was released on bail , and the court said she could n't be tried again . The state appealed the decision to the Arizona Supreme Court . Last week , the Arizona Supreme Court refused to hear the appeal . And on Monday , all charges against Milke were finally dropped . The ankle bracelet she had been wearing while on bail was removed . And Milke left the court room , sobbing in relief . The case is now closed . Debra Milke is finally a free woman .	Debra Milke was convicted of murder in her son 's death , given the death penalty There was no evidence tying her to the crime , but a detective said she confessed This detective had a "  history of misconduct , " including lying under oath
CNN  -- When Betty Draper of "  Mad Men " lit a cigarette on her son 's school bus during a class trip , I cracked up . After all , the prospect of a 2014 mom smoking around her child 's classmates is about as likely as teens giving up their smartphones . Motherhood has changed a lot since I grew up in the 1960s . Back then , women smoke and drank during pregnancy .  My mom says she even smoked in the hospital after delivering my sisters and me .  Today , expecting women add sushi and lunch meat to their alcohol and smoking bans . Back then , Dr. Spock was the only guide for child-rearing . Today , there are too many manuals to count and Google is just a click away from parental questions answered . Back then , we did n't have playdates . "  You went out in the yard or you went out in the street and played , " my mom told me with a chuckle . Today , my kids have piano , soccer , basketball , gymnastics and hip-hop dance . How do you spell overscheduled ? In conversations with moms raising children today and moms who had kids in the 1960s , '70s and '80s , they all agreed that motherhood is a whole lot different nowadays . The question is , has it changed for the better or worse ? ` Less of that judgment ' Lyz Lenz , a mom of two in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , says part of her wishes she was raising children in the early '80s , like her mom . "  I feel like in that pre-Internet era we were n't quite as exposed to other people 's pet peeves , " said Lenz , who writes a blog in her own name . "  There was less of that judgment and less of other people making you insecure . You did n't have to hop on Facebook and see a ton of different people telling you why giving your kid a processed cookie is child abuse . " What 's different today , says Joanna Mazewski , a mom of two in Coconut Creek , Florida , is the level of paranoia . "  It seems like mothers these days are definitely more paranoid and uptight about every little detail of their children 's lives , much more than they were 30 , 40 years ago , " said Mazewski , a Babble.com contributor . "  It just seems that parenthood altogether was much simpler without the education that we have now and the devices ... to be honest with you , I think I prefer the carefree method more than scared-of-everything-we-eat-and-even-our-shadows . " From Dr. Spock to Tiger Mom Jeannette Kaplun , another Babble.com contributor , said the problem is that parents today suffer from "  information overload . " Dr. Spock was "  the bible for parents , " when she was born in the 1970s , said the Miami mom of two and host of a bilingual blog called Hispana Global . "  Now you have attachment parenting , then you have ` tiger moms , ' and people tell you to co-sleep . Others tell you that you are a terrible parent if you co-sleep ... and pediatricians will tell you one thing and then people will search online and they 'll find a blog that says completely the opposite and so it 's very confusing . " Google can be a friend for today 's parents , but it also can be a foe , said Lenz , the mom from Cedar Rapids , who shared a story about how she went online late one night when she was n't able to calm her crying daughter . "  I 'm like , ` Oh no , maybe she has brain trauma or stomach problems , ' and then it 's like , ` Oh . No . She 's just teething . ' " Ironically , Lenz 's mom , Ellen Baranowski , who raised Lyz and her seven siblings starting in the early '80s , thinks the 24/7 access to information is one of the biggest and best parenting differences from when she was a mother . "  I think it 's great being able to access the Internet at 2 o'clock in the morning when you are just scared to death , " Ellen Baranowski said . Janis Brett Elspas , a mom of four in Los Angeles and host of the blog Mommy Blog Expert , said technology can be very powerful for parents today -- when it 's used properly . "  It 's almost like the Life Magazine of this century in that we 're totally learning from each other 's experiences through the Internet , " she said . Less freedom , more schedules Another difference between parenting then and now , moms say , is a loss of freedom and independence during childhood . When Baranowksi and her family moved to a small town in South Dakota from Dallas , she felt comfortable letting her children roam the neighborhood without her . "  My kids then could walk to the swimming pool by themselves , and do things that I had no idea what they were doing , " the mom of eight said . Today , there 's none of that . "  My grandkids are getting so scheduled and I understand why , " she said . "  This is not a complaint on their parenting ... they ca n't have just unattended moments and it 's sad . " Shannon Bradley-Colleary , a mom of two in Los Angeles who grew up in the '60s and '70s , remembers playing outside by herself as a kid . "  A lot of my favorite memories were playing ` war ' ... until well after dark with no one even calling to see where I was . So do you think it was neglectful parenting ? " the host of the blog The Woman Formerly Known as Beautiful said with a laugh . She concedes there is a definite tradeoff between safety and independence in today 's parenting . In her opinion , the tighter control is better , ultimately . "  I just think there 's a pendulum swing or backlash from those of us raised in the late '60s , early '70s , which was that we were really left to our own devices , and what was great about that , was there was a feeling of autonomy and self-direction , " she said . "  But there was a much greater risk . " ` You 're all so concerned with keeping the kids busy ' During my first-ever interview of my mom , Judy Wallace of Long Island , New York , I asked her to compare parenting back in the '60s and '70s , when she raised my sisters and me , with parenting today . "  The biggest difference is that I feel like you 're all so concerned with keeping the kids busy , taking them everyplace and having to take up all their time with activities , where in the '60s , that was n't the case , " she said . "  When you were little , you would go out and play with your friends , you kind of entertained yourself more than the parents nowadays , who are constantly trying to entertain the kids . " But why did we move from the carefree , laissez-faire parenting of the '60s and '70s to the more frenetic helicopter approach of today ? "  The reality is now we know more about what happens in the world ... so that obviously increases your perception of the world being much less safe , " said Kaplun , the Miami mom of two . It 's harder to parent today , says Brett Elspas , especially with the influence of media on our children . "  It 's very , very hard unless you lead a life in a capsule ... Even if you home school your children , they are going to be exposed to stuff . You ca n't blind them and cover their ears and lead them through and hope they are going to turn out normally as an adult . " It could be hard , but we might reduce our stress and even have more fun if we take some notes from our own moms . We need to let our kids chart their own course and make their own mistakes , said Mazewski , the Coconut Creek mom of two . "  I 've seen toddlers that are already on vegan diets . It 's like , ` You 've got to allow them to make their own decisions . ' " A little wisdom from my own mom : "  Kids have to learn disappointment , that they ca n't have everything and they ca n't do everything and they ca n't be good at everything . " What do you think are the biggest differences between parenting today and back in the '60s , '70s or '80s ? Chime in in the comments below or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter and CNN Living on Facebook .	Moms of all ages agree motherhood has changed over the decades The Internet has given today 's moms more info , but also more criticism Many moms lament the loss of autonomy children had in the '60s and '70s Today 's parents too often refuse to let their kids fail , many moms say
CNN  -- I once stayed at a youth hostel in Copenhagen called Sleep in Heaven . Which sounds quite pleasant until you realize that , apparently , heaven is cold and damp and completely infested with bedbugs . I guess that 's the part they do n't tell you in Sunday school . "  No , no . It 's great . Nothing to worry about . Beautiful white robes . Big puffy clouds . Probably a salad bar . " But there were none of those . Just bed bugs . Something was rotten in the state of Denmark . The next day , bitten and disgusted , I literally ran to catch a train to Berlin and have n't had pleasant thoughts about that country since . This was back in 2003 . The tortured memories persist and still haunt my dreams . Which is why , the other day , almost eleven years later , I was delighted to learn that the United States finally invaded Denmark , set it on fire , and raised the American flag . Sort of . Here 's what happened . There 's a wildly popular computer game called "  Minecraft " where , as best I understand it , players build highly imaginative environments and constructions using 3D cubes . It 's sort of like a modern , digital-version of Lego , but without the risk of waking up the neighbors when you step barefoot on a wayward block . "  Harold , I think Paul next door is constipated again . " "  Mark it on the chart , Diane . " Now , I 've never actually played this game because I 'm a grown man with far more important things to do like tweeting and running my pretend fantasy football sports dynasty . So , to the millions of fine people who play "  Minecraft , " I sincerely apologize for oversimplifying your beloved game . It 's all just too complicated , for I have six functioning brain cells , and five of them are dedicated to breathing and blinking . But , from what I can tell , part of the fun in "  Minecraft " is creating these new virtual worlds and exploring those of others . And it 's also a way to re-imagine worlds that already exist . So , the Danish government sanctioned the creation of a replica version of their country within "  Minecraft " to use as a progressive teaching tool for schoolchildren , educating them about Denmark 's geography . Really , it was a wonderfully creative and virtuous idea . Thus , cyber vandals promptly decided to blow it up . Somehow , these vandals were able to infiltrate virtual Denmark while sneaking in virtual dynamite , at which point they virtually demolished parts of virtual Copenhagen . What 's interesting is that the use of this virtual dynamite was actually banned on the Danish server . But the ever-cunning vandals discovered they could sneak it in inside a virtual mining cart . Which is both amazing and ridiculous . . that it should come to this . But through their virtual sneak attack invasion , the vandals proudly constructed virtual American flags all over town , and built virtual signs reading : AMERICA . Forgive me for a moment as I cue some Lee Greenwood and dab these red , white , and blue tears of pride rolling down my cheeks . Initially , it was believed that the virtual damage was virtually catostraphic and virtually widespread . However , Chris Hammeken , an actual spokesperson from the Danish Geodata Agency , explained to the BBC , "  Only a minor area was destroyed . " There was no official word on whether or not a virtual Sleep In Heaven youth hostel was annihilated in the process . I guess a man can dream . Though the Danish Geodata Agency was quickly able to fully "  repair " the "  destruction , " there was no fixing the psychological damage . Soon after the attack , images appeared on a "  Minecraft " forum , and Denmark 's defeat had officially gone public . And viral . Now , understand that I 'm not an outwardly patriotic individual . But , despite the fact that -- all kidding aside -- Denmark really is a beautiful country with incredibly happy , intelligent , and peaceful citizens , I have to admit that , upon reading about this I felt a rather large twinge of U.S.A. pride . The whole thing was just so absurd and wonderfully American . Oh , that it should come to this . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	A virtual version of Denmark was created in the "  Minecraft " game "  Cyber vandals " snuck into virtual Denmark , set off virtual dynamite and raised U.S. flags Virtual Denmark has since been repaired
CNN  -- If you sell it , they will come . Prices are expected to grow for Michael Jackson autographs like the one he gave this young fan in 2002 . That 's the hope at least for many offering Michael Jackson related merchandise and memorabilia , including autographed items and domain names , in the wake of his surprising death . Almost 20,000 items were up for sale after his death on the popular auction site eBay , where collectors could snap up everything from the rare to the ridiculous . Among the many T-shirts , record albums , DVDs and posters , there were also magazines about Jackson , dolls and copies of newspapers announcing his death . There were Michael Jackson gloves  sparkly , of course  , masks , wigs , sunglasses and fedora hats . Anyone in the mood for some senior soda could try and win an auction for an unopened six-pack of Pepsi from the 1984 Jacksons world tour . For those seeking to establish Web sites , domain names were available including "  ILoveYouMichael.com , " which was selling for the "  buy it now " price of $ 5,000 . Officials at eBay said that compared with the daily average of the week prior , Thursday 's gross merchandise volume for Jackson memorabilia increased by 275 percent and sold items increased by 210 percent . New listings were up 61 percent , while the average selling price of items had increased by 31 percent . Online merchant CafePress also offered a variety of items , including mugs , "  R.I.P. Michael Jackson " magnets and dozens of T-shirt designs , including one screened with a drawing of tennis legend Billie Jean King and the words "  not my lover . " Some of the hottest items may turn out to be the ones bearing Jackson 's signature . On eBay , bids for what the buyer claimed was a signed Michael Jackson guitar had reached almost $ 1,300 by Friday afternoon . Jerry Ohlinger , owner of Jerry Ohlinger 's Movie Material Store in New York , predicted that although Jackson was generous in giving autographs , the price for a legitimate autograph probably will at least double from the $ 150 to $ 300 range it was prior to his death . "  He would sign autographs whenever he appeared in person , " Ohlinger said . "  For instance , he visited our store at least three times , and he signed autographs for all of the employees . " As a comparison , Ohlinger said , an autograph for the late actress Marilyn Monroe , who also was known to sign a great deal during her lifetime , sells for about $ 5,000 because of great demand . As of Friday , items purported to be autographed photos of Jackson were ranging in price from just over $ 5 to several thousand dollars . There is no way to predict whether there will be a sudden influx in demand for Michael Jackson memorabilia and merchandise , Ohlinger said . All of the hoopla would probably tickle the pop icon , who Ohlinger said was himself a fan of star items . Whenever Jackson would visit Ohlinger 's Manhattan store , he would shop for vintage photos of some of the legendary ladies of cinema , including his very dear friend Elizabeth Taylor , Ohlinger recalled .	NEW : Sold Jackson items on eBay increase 210 percent compared to last week Plenty of Michael Jackson merchandise goes on sale Online auction site ebay boasts thousands of items from T-shirts to soda Memorabilia expert predicts Jackson autograph to at least double in price
EW.com  -- Ashton Kutcher is set to return to CBS ' "  Two and a Half Men . " As expected , the actor has haggled a new deal with the network and studio Warner Bros. to continue his starring role on the hit comedy , sources confirm . Co-stars Jon Cryer and Angus T. Jones will also be back . The trio are on the verge of signing one-year deals keeping the cast intact for a tenth season . After the dramatic exit of Charlie Sheen and the hiring of Kutcher , rating for the current ninth season started off huge , with 27.7 million viewers tuning in for the September premiere . Though the show 's numbers have dropped as the season has progressed , "  Men " remains a very competitive series that typically ranks as the network 's highest-rated Monday night show . Deadline.com says Kutcher will earn about $ 700,000 per episode , Cryer "  a bit less " and Jones will receive $ 300,000 an episode . Sources add that all three actors will receive a "  modest signing bonus . " See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ashton Kutcher has haggled a new deal with CBS for "  Two and a Half Men " Co-stars Jon Cryer and Angus T. Jones will also be back Deadline.com says Kutcher will earn about $ 700,000 per episode
CNN  -- What 's the best source of information for anyone planning a move overseas -- the Internet , the bookstore or those carefully worded government travel warnings ? Duh ! It 's the movies , of course . Why would anyone do any research when everything they need to know about their new lives has been laid bare on the silver screen ? When cinema gets it right , it does a pretty good job of taking a hatchet to the expat dream of lounging around in exotic bars dressed in linen suits and Panama hats . Just as often , however , Hollywood 's overseas adventures run into so much trouble it 's a wonder it is n't now languishing in the bowels of a dank foreign prison hoping that someone at the embassy might be able to put in a few calls . To help navigate the celluloid jungle , here 's our purely subjective list of the best and worst expat movies . Best 5 . ` The Wages of Fear '  1953 This brutal piece of black and white French cinema reeks of unwashed vests , but its depiction of nasty expat truck drivers worthlessly risking their grubby lives in the South American jungle is as explosive as the deadly nitroglycerine cargoes they 're paid to deliver . Everyone is detestable , everyone dies and not even the dogs care . That 's how expat life should be . Enlightening expat dialog Dick : "  When I was a kid , I used to see men go off on these kinds of jobs ... and not come back . " 4 . ` Straw Dogs '  1971 "  Wild Bunch " director Sam Peckinpah takes a double-barrel shotgun to all those smug , honey-hued films about rural expat life in this tale about repressed American mathematician David Sumner  Dustin Hoffman  relocating to his wife 's Cornish village . There are no hilarious misunderstandings with local plumbers , just thugs on tricycles . There 's no sun-kissed romance , just a marriage disintegrating into domestic violence . And there are no life-affirming friendships , just a cat getting throttled . The film 's brutality is a bit hard to stomach . The apparent need for a 2011 remake starring Kate Bosworth was also somewhat hard to stomach . Enlightening expat dialog Henry Niles : "  I do n't know my way home . " David Sumner : "  That 's OK . I do n't either . " 3 . ` The Third Man '  1949 Expats do n't come colder than Orson Welles ' elusive Harry Lime , whose classic cuckoo clock speech justifying his racketeering in bombed-to-bits Vienna sounds suspiciously like the kind of cruel logic deployed by corporate stooges when plundering developing world countries in return for a fat salary .  "  Free of income tax , old man . " If only real life saw these amoral exploiters hounded down , like Lime , in a subterranean sewer . If only real life was soundtracked by zithers . Enlightening expat dialog Harry Lime : "  Nobody thinks in terms of human beings . Governments do n't . Why should we ? " 2 . ` The Year of Living Dangerously '  1982 With its eclectic if somewhat dated soundtrack and expansive mysticism of Linda Hunt 's diminutive paparazzo , "  Dangerously " emerges as an anti-expat classic , contrasting the seedy and sequestered lives of foreign hacks and diplomats in Sukarno-era Indonesia against the poverty and chaos of a country on the brink . All that plus a pre-rant Mel Gibson . Enlightening expat dialog Billy Kwan : "  Jillian is like a wavering flame that needs care to burn high . Without such care she could lapse into the promiscuity and bitterness of the failed romantic . " 1 . ` Casablanca '  1942 The closing scenes may not have the tear-jerking impact they once did , but if there 's a film in existence responsible for dampening as much Kleenex as "  Casablanca , " it 's probably porn . This film portrays expat life as it should be : outwitting mendacious cops and ruthless Nazis in the smoky haze of a North African piano bar while risking everything in the name of unrequitable love . Not playing golf for pity 's sake . Who has n't imagined themselves plunged into Casablanca 's wartime plot of double-dealing and heartbreak ? Perhaps as Humphrey Bogart , at his craggy best as jaded saloon owner Rick ; Ingrid Bergman 's impossibly lovely Isla Lund ; or even Claude Rains ' complicated French police chief Captain Renault . Sure the dialog has been quoted to death , and if Sam or anyone else plays "  As Time Goes By " again , they 're going to get the piano lid slammed on their fingers , but every fresh screening of Casablanca is still like the beginning of a beautiful friendship . Oh dear . We said it . Enlightening expat dialog Ilsa  on the verge of tears  : "  I did n't count the days . " Rick : "  Well , I did . Every one of 'em . Mostly I remember the last one . The wild finish . A guy standing on a station platform in the rain with a comical look in his face because his insides have been kicked out . " Worst expat movies 5 . ` The Beach '  2000 With its gorgeous Thai scenery and rumbling undercurrents of violence , jealousy and death , "  The Beach " aims to deliver a serious message about the illusory nature of paradise , but does n't . It 's hard to say which is less credible , a bunch of backpacking muppets building a community on a hidden beach without an Internet cafe or Leonardo DiCaprio  as Richard  joining them and failing to get the French girl . Excruciating expat dialog Richard : "  I just feel like everyone tries to do something different , but you always wind up doing the same damn thing . " 4 . ` Under the Tuscan Sun '  2003 Unlucky-in-love American writer Diane Lane  as Frances  happens upon the only villa in Tuscany that is n't being rented out by middle class vacationers from London and buys it on a whim . In restoring the villa , she restores her own ... blah , blah , blah , whatever . So what 's the message here ? Do n't worry if your marriage collapses , just buy a house in Italy , spend a bundle renovating it , then someone else will come along . There 's a life lesson we can all relate to . Excruciating expat dialog Frances : "  I 'll hire the muscular descendants of Roman gods to do the heavy lifting . " 3 . ` Eat Pray Love '  2010 Unlucky-in-love American writer Julia Roberts ... no , stick with us , this one 's slightly different . Granted , Roberts as Liz Gilbert goes to Italy , but there 's no villa , just the start of a year swanning around the world with no apparent worries about cash . In Italy , Roberts ' character learns to eat Italian food  without gaining weight  . She then moves to India to explore spirituality before traveling to Bali for love . Not love with some vacationing sleazeball . Love with Javier Bardem . Like that happens in real life . Excruciating expat dialog Liz : "  It wo n't last forever . Nothing does . "  Except this film -- 140 minutes long ! 2 . ` Mr. Baseball '  1992 Who needs jokes in your script when you 've got foreigners ? Simply send grumpy aging baseball star Jack Elliott  Tom Selleck  to Japan , where hilarity ensues as he grapples with their crazy cultural traditions -- and toilets ! What should be a feelgood film about a fading star 's last dash for glory winds up being a feel-queasy trot through every Japanese cliche known to Hollywood . Unsurprisingly , Universal Studios ' new Japanese owners were unhappy at the time . The film does have some good performances , but not from Selleck , who was upstaged by his mustache , and not for the last time . Excruciating expat dialog Jack : "  Different language , same attitude ! Let 's go ! " 1 . ` Farewell to the King '  1989 Expats , eh ? Always acting so damn entitled . But if you think they 're annoying where you live , spare a thought for the tribe in Borneo , which winds up with Learoyd  Nick Nolte  in the midst of World War II . Not content to loudly drink his own body weight in alcohol every Friday like normal , decent expats , Nolte becomes their king -- a role that involves going topless and sporting Dog the Bounty Hunter 's blond bouffant . Nolte cranks the ham dial up to 11 in this poor man 's "  Apocalypse Now , " taking on Japanese invaders to protect his tribe which , despite being peopled with fearless headhunters , would apparently have been lost without a middle aged white guy there to save the day . Excruciating expat dialogue Learoyd : "  I have a special relationship with the spirits . I died once . I had to . I had to give up everything , even the will to live . " Originally published February 2011 , updated July 2014 .	Cinema loves portraying the lives of expats -- but does n't always get it right In "  Casablanca " Humphrey Bogart plays a noble bar owner toughing out in WWII In "  Farewell to the King " Nick Nolte plays a shirtless man with feathers in his hair
Washington  CNN  -- Assisted by a colorful cast of characters , Comedy Central funnymen Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert held a raucous rally on the National Mall Saturday in typical fashion before a cheering throng of supporters . Amidst all the hilarity , however , the "  Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear " carried a message about Americans turning their backs on hate and working together to make the world a better place . Stewart and Colbert staged a mock battle , with Stewart supporting peace and sanity and Colbert promoting fear before a crowd that stretched nearly the length of the mall , most of the distance between the Capitol and the Washington Monument . During the rally 's opening , Colbert appeared on a video screen , saying he was trapped in his "  fear bunker " and worried no one had shown up . Drawn by cheers , however , Colbert ascended to the stage in a device like that used to bring up the trapped Chilean miners earlier this month , wearing a superhero costume . Former "  Saturday Night Live " character Father Guido Sarducci -- played by comedian Don Novello -- provided a benediction , thanking God for "  making it so easy to find parking spaces . " And actor Sam Waterston of "  Law and Order " fame read a poem entitled "  Are You Sure ? " about fears including "  funnel clouds and hail/Anthrax in the mail ... someone 's robbing your house/I can see through your blouse/Your mother was right , you chose the wrong spouse . " Cat Stevens , who now goes by Yusuf Islam , sang his song "  Peace Train " as part of a duel with Ozzy Osbourne singing "  Crazy Train . " Stewart stopped Osbourne , rooting for Islam , as Colbert urged Osbourne on . The two compromised on the O'Jays , who showed up to sing their hit "  Love Train . " CNN 's Pete Dominick on the rally Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and "  Star Wars " robot R2-D2 provided a lesson in tolerance and against stereotyping . "  We 're all on the same team , " said Abdul-Jabbar , referencing Colbert and Stewart 's discussion about Muslims . There were some serious notes struck during the event , however . Kid Rock and Sheryl Crow performed a musical number about changing the world , including the lyrics , "  The least that I can do is care . " "  This was not a rally to ridicule people of faith , or people of activism , or to look down our noses at the heartland , or passionate argument , or to suggest that times are not difficult and we have nothing to fear , " Stewart told the crowd as the rally drew to a close . "  They are , and we do . But we live now in hard times , not end times . And we can have animus and not be enemies , but unfortunately one of our main tools in delineating the two broke . " He was speaking of what he called "  the country 's 24-hour politico pundit perpetual panic conflictinator . " It did not cause the nation 's problems , Stewart said , "  but its existence makes solving them that much harder ... If we amplify everything , we hear nothing . " Crowd : Serve us up sanity , not Tea "  There are terrorists and racists and Stalinists and theocrats , but those are titles that must be earned , " Stewart said . "  You must have the resume . Not being able to distinguish between real racists and tea partiers , or real bigots and Juan Williams or Rick Sanchez is an insult , not only to those people , but to the racists themselves , who have put in the exhausting effort it takes to hate -- just as the inability to distinguish terrorists from Muslims makes us less safe , not more . " Most Americans , he said , do n't live their lives solely as Republicans or Democrats , but as "  people who are just a little bit late for something they have to do , often something they do not want to do . But they do it . " Some may paint the nation as fragile and torn by hate , he said , "  but the truth is ... we work together to get things done every damn day . " "  There will always be darkness , and sometimes the light at the end of the tunnel is n't the promised land , " Stewart said . "  Sometimes it 's just New Jersey . But we do it anyway , together . " After the rally , Stewart and Colbert deflected questions from reporters about whether they would attempt to parlay the rally into a sustained movement . "  We 're not running for anything , " Stewart said at the National Press Club . "  We do n't have a constituency , " he said . "  We do television shows for people that like them and we hope that they continue to like them so that Comedy Central can continue to sell beer to young people . " "  We wanted to do a really good show for people that wanted it , " he said of the rally . Asked what his next steps would be , Colbert said , "  We have a show on Monday and we have to go write that and we have a live show Tuesday . " At the rally , Stewart awarded his "  Medals of Reasonableness " to recipients including Detroit Tigers pitcher Armando Galarraga , who lost a perfect game in June when an umpire mistakenly called what would have been the last batter safe at first base despite the fact replays showed he was clearly out . Galarraga , who lives in Venezuela , accepted via videotape , telling the audience the umpire is "  a good man . " Another recipient was Velma Hart , chief financial officer for AMVETS , who challenged President Barack Obama at a town hall meeting in September ; and comedian and wrestler Mick Foley ; and Jacob Isom . A video of Isom telling how he swiped a kerosene-soaked Quran from would-be burners , telling them , "  Dude , you have no Quran , " went viral , and was set to a dance mix . Colbert 's "  Medals of Fear " went to recipients including a 7-year-old girl who he said had more courage than the media organizations who did not send representatives to cover the rally out of fear they would appear biased , as well as to "  Anderson Cooper 's tight black T-shirt . " Colbert said that when CNN 's Cooper "  shows up on your front yard , you know something terrible has happened in your community . " A small black T-shirt was brought on stage on a hanger , and the medal hung on it . Stewart and Colbert announced the rally in September , less than three weeks after conservative talk-show host Glenn Beck hosted a much-publicized "  Restoring Honor " rally on the National Mall , urging large crowds to "  turn back to God " and return America to the values on which it was founded . CNN 's Kate Bolduan and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	NEW : Stewart after the rally : "  We do n't have a constituency " Medals for "  reasonableness " and fear " awarded Surprise appearances include Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , R2-D2 Battle over "  Peace Train " and "  Crazy Train " turns into "  Love Train "
CNN  -- Real Madrid 's Germany international defender Christoph Metzelder is returning to the Bundesliga after signing a three-year contract with title-chasing Schalke , the German club 's official Web site has confirmed . The 29-year-old -- who has endured an injury-ravaged three seasons in Spain -- will be contracted to Felix Magath 's side until June 2013 . Metzelder , who spent some time at Schalke as a junior , made his name at the Blues ' bitter rivals Borussia Dormund -- winning the Bundesliga title in 2002 and featuring in the Germany side that lost to Brazil in that year 's World Cup final . He also played a crucial role in helping his country to third place on home soil in the 2006 World Cup finals , as well as featuring in the final of Euro 2008 , where Garmany lost to Spain 1-0 . Metzelder has won 47 international caps , but a succession of injuries since joining Madrid from Dortmund in 2007 means that he is unlikely to feature in the Germany squad for the South Africa 2010 finals . Magath revealed he had tried to sign Metzelder when he has in charge of Wolfsburg , telling the Kicker Web site : "  At that time I got to know him and came to value him and I am ecstatic that he has chosen us . "  He is not only a former Schalke youth player , but also a player with a real sense of responsibility , a leader . " Schalke are level on points with Bayern munich at the top of the Bundesliga with just two matches left and guaranteed a place in the Champions League next season .	German international defender Christoph Metzelder has signed for Schalke The 29-year-old agrees a three-year contract with Bundesliga title chasers Metzelder has endured an injury-ravaged three-season spell with Real Madrid
CNN Student News  -- September 19 , 2013 Economic stories take center stage in Thursday 's program , as we report on a milestone for U.S. gas prices , we discuss a decision from the Federal Reserve , and we examine the percentage of Americans living in poverty . We also hear how a civil rights activist is promoting his message against sagging pants , and we share some students ' methods for coping with a bad day . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What might be the pros and cons of using billboards to convey a message to young people ? How might the effectiveness of billboards compare to that of other media ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Federal Reserve Bank 2 . poverty line 3 . disaster declaration Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What are some reasons given as to why gas prices have been higher than $ 3 since December 2010 ? 2 . What did the Federal Reserve decide to do yesterday ? 3 . What U.S. state is known as the "  Land of Enchantment " ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What might be the effects of sustained , $ 3 gas prices on individuals , businesses , and the economy as a whole ? How might people deal with these effects ? 2 . What factors do you think might be contributing to the U.S. poverty rate ? What might have contributed to lower-paying jobs in the wake of the "  Great Recession " ? In your view , is there anything individuals could do to put themselves in the market for higher-paying jobs ? If so , what ? If not , why not ? 3 . What different perspectives might young people have regarding the anti-saggy pants billboard ? What is your opinion on wearing saggy pants ? To what extent might one person 's appearance affect how others perceive his or her character ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Mexico Colorado ; New Mexico ; Memphis , Tennessee FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Officials in the resort city of Branson , Missouri , were relieved an EF2 tornado , which damaged some of its marquee musical theaters , struck before the prime tourist season began . They said Wednesday the town was still open for business , although tourists might have to change some of their entertainment plans . "  We are getting through it , " Mayor Raeanne Presley said of the storm that moved through early Wednesday . The tornado had winds of 120 to 130 mph , was 400 yards wide and was on the ground for about 20 miles , according to a preliminary report from the National Weather Service . The storm smashed at least seven miles of the city 's commercial strip . Although tourists were in town , the numbers would likely have been much higher in about two weeks , when entertainment moves into full gear through Christmas , officials said . Storm system rakes long path Thirty-three injuries were reported ; most were minor or moderate . One person was listed as critical , according to City Administrator Dean Kruithof . Gov. Jay Nixon said damage was in at least in the tens of millions , perhaps higher . Crews were still assessing the extent of the losses . "  We are confident that Branson will be back bigger and better than ever , " Nixon told reporters . "  I woke up this morning and looked outside and saw houses were destroyed , " said resident Steven Scharmanzer . "  I 've never seen anything like this in the 20 years I 've lived here . " Presley told CNN she could n't recall a storm that hit so many structures . Several venues were more fortunate . Silver Dollar City theme park , for example , appeared to be unaffected . Nestled in the Ozarks region , about 40 miles south of Springfield , Branson has been a musical magnet for decades . It really took off in the mid-1980s , and its many theaters have showcased stars such as Andy Williams and Tony Orlando . The offerings range from country to comedy , classical to kitsch . Kruithof said about five or six of the city 's roughly 40 theaters were damaged . The Branson Variety Theater was heavily damaged , he told CNN . "  One of the big issues is cleaning up and getting rid of the debris , " he said . "  However  , many , many more of our theaters had minor , or no damage at all . " The city 's convention center and an attached Hilton were damaged , as was a portion of Branson Landing , a large shopping and entertainment complex . iReport : Hilton 's windows blown out "  While we do have significant damage , this is not to the extent to what you saw in Joplin , " Kruithof said . "  Some properties will be difficult to repair . " The May 22 , 2011 , EF5 tornado in Joplin , killed 161 people and injured more than 1,000 . Joplin is about 110 miles west of Branson . "  We sent crews to Joplin the day that happened , " Kruithof said Wednesday . "  I have already received e-mails from Joplin to show they are ready to help us . " Damage across Branson included one neighborhood and familiar tourist spots . A World War II-era biplane in front of a miniature golf course was knocked from its perch . A P-51 Mustang airplane in front of a veterans museum was heavily damaged . Visitors coming to the town this weekend should be aware of the recovery , officials said . "  Many people who have plans ... will probably need to check with their lodging or shows they had tickets for , " Kruithof said . Many businesses in the southwest Missouri town have disaster preparedness plans . Entrepreneurs are eager to rebuild . "  We have so many people who want crews in here to clean up , who want to start rebuilding , " Kruithof said . "  It will be a few weeks to get to some sense of normalcy . Some areas it will take longer . " Resident Donna Lowe told CNN she was asleep in her trailer when the storm arrived . "  When the wind started blowing , I started praying , " she told Wolf Blitzer . The storm threw Lowe from her bed . CNN meteorologist Sean Morris contributed to this report .	EF2 tornado strikes Branson , Missouri , overnight ; it was on ground for 20 miles Damage is reported on commercial strip of the resort Thirty-three injuries have been reported , but no deaths Town vows to rebuild , stay open for business
Saran Kaba Jones was just eight years old when she fled Liberia in 1989 , escaping the horrors of a ruinous civil war that would plague the small West African nation for well over a decade . As the daughter of a diplomat , Jones went on to live a fairly privileged life abroad , following her family to countries like Ivory Coast , Egypt , France and Cyprus before moving to the United States to attend college . Meanwhile , back in Liberia , the country descended into a conflict that left an estimated 250,000 people dead and many more displaced , as well as destroying much of its economy and infrastructure . The fighting came to an end in 2003 and five years later Jones decided to pay a visit to Liberia . Returning home for the first time in nearly 20 years she encountered a wrecked nation that still bore the scars of years of conflict . "  When I got there I was absolutely shocked and devastated by what I was seeing , " says Jones . "  It just was n't the Liberia which I remembered as a young child -- things like basic necessities were non-existent : access to clean water , access to health care , access to basic education were non-existent and the challenges just seemed so enormous for the government . " Read this : Off-road bikers race to save lives in rural Africa Witnessing her country 's dire need for redevelopment was a life-changing moment for Jones . She immediately put aside her aspirations to follow in her father 's footsteps pursuing a career as a diplomat . Instead , she decided that it was time for her to find a way of giving back to her country . One year later , Jones joined a number of state and private efforts to rebuild Liberia by setting up FACE Africa , a U.S.-based non-profit organization that 's working to provide access to clean drinking water in Liberia 's rural communities , where running water and sewage infrastructure is often a rare luxury . "  I decided to focus specifically on water because the issue of water really crosses all aspects of development , " says Jones , 30 . "  It affects education , it affects health , it affects gender issues , so for me there was nothing more basic than the issue of water so I decided to make that my cause . " FACE Africa , which relies on fundraising events and donations for its projects , focuses on implementing low-tech water solutions in the country 's hard-to-reach rural areas , many of which had their major water points and systems destroyed during the war . So far the grassroots group has completed about 20 low-cost clean water , sanitation and hygiene projects , including hand dug wells , rehabilitation of existing wells and construction of communal latrines , that have benefited at least 7,000 people . Jones , who travels to Liberia every three months to oversee the group 's projects , says that at least half of Liberia 's 4 million population lack access to adequate drinking water . The desperate situation is exacting a huge toll on the country 's society : approximately 3,000 people , more than half of which are children under the age of five , die each year from diarrhea due to poor water and sanitation conditions , according to World Bank figures . Read this : ` Western diseases ' drive pharma boom in Africa As well as saving lives , Jones says that access to safe drinking water can also encourage economic growth and improve the educational development of children , especially girls . "  This is the highlight of my work , " says Jones , who was recently named by the World Economic Forum as one of its Young Global Leaders for 2013 . "  Hearing from people who feel gratitude , mothers coming up to me saying that their children no longer suffer from diarrhea ; they spend more time in school ; girls do n't have to walk miles every day to go and fetch water ; men and women can now focus on more productive economic activities like farming and selling in the market . " In recent months , FACE Africa has embarked on a major initiative that 's aiming to solve the water crisis in River Cess , one of Liberia 's most underserved areas , where only one fifth of its 80,000 population has access to adequate drinking water . Called "  County by County , " the plan is to provide water coverage to 60,000 people in the region by building 250 water points by 2017 and to ensure that the country meets its Millennium Development Goals target of 250 people per safe water point . "  It 's an ambitious goal for such a young organization like ours but we 're absolutely confident that with the right focus and the right funding , if we 're able to raise $ 1.2 million over this time , we can prove that with focus , with strategic implementation , we can solve the water crisis in River Cess . " ` Read this : Solar sisters ' spreading light in Africa Yet raising funds has always been a big challenge for FACE Africa , which faces stiff competition from bigger , more established NGOs eager to tap into donors ' generosity . Jones says that limited funds affect the group 's scaling capacity as well as its ability to have more people on the ground . FACE Africa employs two full-time staff , including Jones , and works with up to 30 volunteers annually . Despite all the challenges , Jones says she is determined to continue working to improve living conditions in her country . She says her long-term goal is to bring access to safe drinking water , sanitation and hygiene to as many regions of Liberia as possible , as well as other post-conflict countries that face similar problems . "  If I can be known as the woman that helped solve the water crisis in Liberia and beyond , " she says , "  if I can be a part of that solution , then for me I would have achieved success . "	Saran Kaba Jones is the founder of FACE Africa The group works on clean water , sanitation and hygiene projects in rural Liberia Liberia was torn apart after a 14-year civil war that ended in 2003 FACE Africa aims to build 250 water points in one of the country 's most water-deprived areas
CNN  -- Writing this article is tough . Sunday we all lost a great friend , Dan Wheldon , in what was the most horrendous crash I have ever seen . This day was supposed to be a celebration , not a tragedy . The event at Las Vegas Motor Speedway marked the end of our IndyCar season and was to have determined the season champion . As a side story , Dan was entered in the Go Daddy $ 5 million challenge , which -- if he could win the race from starting last -- could have won $ 2.5 million for him and $ 2.5 million for a fan . It was a challenge that garnered much media attention , and Dan had spent the past month or so heavily promoting the event and describing how excited he was to take part in this challenge . Las Vegas Motor Speedway is a fast racetrack that is high banked , and IndyCars reach speeds of 225 mph . Danger is part of our sport . We all know it is ever present , and we face it every time we step in the race car . We push it to the back of our minds because as drivers we have a job to do and you can not let fear get in the way . One would be crazy to think nothing could ever go wrong , but we must not allow such thoughts to distract us from the job at hand . Only a handful of laps into Sunday 's 300-mile race , I was following a couple of car lengths back from Dan . Going into turn one , I saw a couple of cars touch wheels up ahead and immediately began attempting to slow the car down from more than 220 mph . The racetrack in front of me began to fill with smoke and debris . I saw cars fly up into the air and drivers pile up into one another . While slowing the car , I got hit from behind and saw fellow driver Will Power barrel roll over the top of my head and fly about 200 feet through the air , straight into the wall . My car came to a rest , and fortunately I jumped out unhurt . The scene around me was something out of a war movie . Debris everywhere , cars burning to the ground and other drivers standing at the side of the racetrack in total shock , like myself , after having jumped out of their cars . As we got into the medical car that takes the drivers to the infield care center , we knew Dan 's crash was the most severe and that it looked like he was injured . Honestly , death never crossed my mind . Broken bones and other serious issues , yes . Death , no . Leaving the medical center , my wife said to me , "  It 's really bad , really bad . " Suddenly the fear of losing Dan began to overwhelm me and all the others around me . Only a short while later , drivers were called to a meeting and told that our greatest fear was a reality . Dan had passed . The grief was indescribable . Dan was a friend to all , a kind , charismatic man who could instantly light up a room with his beaming smile and charm . He was a great husband and wonderful father to his two young boys . His family meant everything to him . The question surrounds us as to why this happened . Was the racetrack too unsafe ? Honestly , I do n't have the answer to those questions . Is our job worth the risk ? When you think of Dan 's wife and children left behind , the answer is simple . No . But coming into this race you could argue that the risks are so remote that it was worth the risk to do what we love . Injury is possible , but we just have n't seen a death in the sport for a long time , and huge safety improvements have been made . Sunday we learned the hard truth : that no matter how much we can improve safety and plan for all eventualities , some things are impossible to prepare for . I think over this off-season we will evaluate what went wrong and how we can prevent this from happening again . And mark my words , we will learn from this . From my point of view as a driver , now is not that time . Now is the time to remember Dan , the great champion he was -- a two-time Indy 500 winner , the great husband , father and friend to so many of us . We will all miss him . No one can be blamed for this accident . It is just that , an accident . We will learn and improve , but we will not blame . This is what we do as drivers . Dan is a legend of our sport , one of the greats . His impact on my career as a fellow British driver has been profound . He touched everyone he met and was truly one of the most special human beings to walk this Earth . Now is the time to mourn the loss of Dan , the loss of a champion , the loss of a friend . We will never forget . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Lloyd .	Driver Alex Lloyd lost friend Dan Wheldon on a day meant for celebration , not tragedy He says drivers know racing is risky but try not to be distracted by this thought Lloyd : Wheldon was a family man beloved by all After mourning , drivers will look at how this accident happened , he says
Washington  CNN  -- If President Obama decides to send the 40,000 additional forces to Afghanistan as requested by Gen. Stanley McChrystal , a rough estimate by the Pentagon projects the cost could be an additional $ 20 billion a year , according to a senior Pentagon official . The official said the Defense Department comptrollers office has told Congress that based on rough estimates , the total cost of keeping an individual service member in the war zone is now about $ 500,000 a year . That includes the costs of personnel operations and maintenance costs , some equipment and hazardous duty pay . The actual costs could be higher , because the estimate does not include the cost of constructing additional facilities , providing support forces such as military intelligence assets that may be based outside Afghanistan or replacing damaged weapons or equipment . The official emphasized that until there is a formal troop plan , the costs are just estimated . The official would not be identified because the estimates are not official . The ongoing review of the strategy for Afghanistan continued Friday , with Obama meeting with Defense Secretary Robert Gates ; Adm. Michael Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ; and the heads of the four military services . The heads of the Army and Marines , who provide the bulk of troops for the war , have expressed concern that if they send a large number of additional troops , they will have to cut down on the time troops spend in between deployments , known as "  dwell time . " Marines have only about 8,000 troops they can add without impinging on dwell time . The Army has about 12 brigades , or approximately 48,000 soldiers , that are not deployed or committed to deploy . Regardless of the number of troops being sent , a deployment will be phased over time because of the lack of facilities in the country to house and support a large deployment , the official said . McChrystal 's plan calls for sending a majority of the forces he is requesting to the south , especially to reinforce Kandahar and Helmand provinces , and the region around Kabul , several military and Pentagon sources said . McChrystal also intends to reserve a number of forces for training Afghan forces , officials said . But one official noted that if that plan is put into effect , additional forces would be needed to be sent to areas that the Taliban might then flee , such as the northern region .	Pentagon official says estimate puts cost of adding 40,000 troops at $ 20 billion a year Official cost could be higher , as some things were left out of rough estimate Obama meets with officials Friday to review Afghanistan strategy Army , Marines leaders expressed concerns over "  dwell time "
CNN  -- With the movie "  Zombieland " sitting on top at the box office , fans of the walking dead got another grisly , ghoulish treat on Wednesday . "  He 's so meticulous , " author Max Brooks said of "  Recorded Attacks " illustrator Ibraim Roberson : "  The Zombie Survival Guide : Recorded Attacks , " the latest in the series of zombie chronicles by author Max Brooks , is a graphic novel that looks at the undead menace throughout history . "  When I wrote ` Zombie Survival Guide , ' I always wanted to come back to the historic attacks at the end of the book , " said Brooks , whose "  World War Z " is in development to become a movie . View a gallery of essential zombie movies In the book , illustrated by Brazilian artist Ibraim Roberson , cavemen , the Roman legions and African slaves all battle the undead with varying degrees of success . "  More than a zombie nerd or a science fiction nerd , I 'm a history nerd , " said Brooks . "  I was a history major in college -- history is probably the only subject that allowed me to graduate high school . " And in a move sure to please genre fans -- Brooks might say "  genre nerds " -- there 's even a scrap in feudal Japan between zombies and ninjas . "  It 's never a bad thing to put zombies and ninjas together , " said Brooks , whose father is comedy legend Mel Brooks . In looking for the right artist to set his story to a comic format , Brooks said he reviewed lots of artists before settling on Roberson . "  He 's head and shoulders above most people illustrating today , " Brooks said . "  The book itself is unique and I wanted a unique look . His artwork is unlike anything else I 've ever seen , zombies or otherwise ... . He 's so meticulous . " But turning his work into a two-person job required some extra effort . The former "  Saturday Night Live " writer said he had n't worked with a collaborator since being on the show . Roberson was in Brazil during the writing of the book . "  It was definitely a new world for me to sharpen my communication skills , " he said . "  Usually , the way I worked was brain to pen to paper . Now it was brain to e-mail . " Next up for Brooks , he said , is a writing project he deems "  top secret " and a comic-book mini-series for IDW Publishing detailing the classic comic/action figure characters of "  G.I. Joe . " "  They 're not continuing stories , " he said of the project with the working title , "  Hearts and Minds . "  They 're up-close and personal stories for G.I. Joe and Cobra characters . "	"  Zombie Survival Guide : Recorded Attacks " released Wednesday Author Max Brooks says he 's always been a "  history nerd " Romans , cavemen and ninjas all get a crack at undead in graphic novel Brooks and Brazilian artist Ibraim Roberson worked remotely on project
CNN  -- "  The thing that kind of brought it to a head was I was overworking myself , " Nick Cannon told Piers Morgan . The entertainer thought he was just suffering from a bad cold at the time , telling the CNN host , "  My body went into overload . " Nick Cannon spoke out on Friday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " about the recent health scare that left him fighting for his life . Cannon , who hosts "  America 's Got Talent , " used to co-host the NBC series with Morgan . Cannon was suffering from kidney failure . But his health woes did n't stop there . "  Through a bunch of tests and studies , " said Cannon , "  they found out that I have lupus nephritis , which is an autoimmune disease . ... It 's a rare one . Mine was a very rare case , but it 's attacking only my kidneys . " Not only was Cannon , 31 , suffering from lupus nephritis very seriously , but the condition made him more prone to getting blood clots . "  I was trying to do everything to prevent that , " said Cannon . "  I was wearing the surgical stockings , I was on a blood thinner , so many different things while I was in the hospital . " After hosting the Super Bowl preshow , Cannon started feeling pain again , this time above the kidneys . He had two clots in his lungs , fluid around the lungs and an enlarged heart -- all a result of his kidneys not functioning properly . Cannon maintains he remained optimistic throughout the ordeal . "  I never got to that stage where I was like , ` OK , this is it , ' " said the entertainer , "  but I knew the severity of the situation . " Referring to himself as a "  glass-is-half-full type of guy , " Cannon insisted he "  never went to that place , even though I knew it was very serious . " Doctors ordered Cannon to get at least six hours of sleep a night , and he quit his five-hour radio show to focus on his health -- much to the relief or his wife , pop superstar Mariah Carey . Cannon joked that he calls his wife "  Dr. Carey " because "  she knows when I 'm supposed to take my medicine , what I 'm supposed to eat ... " Cannon said Carey has been taking care of him and the couple 's twins -- a boy and a girl , Monroe and Moroccan , who turn 1 next month -- throughout the entire ordeal . "  She is such a pro , " said Cannon . "  She knows all the home remedies . " Cannon said that he is relishing the family time . "  That 's what it 's all about , " said Cannon . "  Family is first . " Morgan , who covered Whitney Houston 's funeral for CNN , told Cannon that he was touched by the tweet Cannon sent out upon hearing the news of Houston 's death . Cannon 's tweet read : "  Tell our loved ones how much we love them while they 're still here . I wish I could have told Whitney how great she was one last time . " Carey , who was a close friend of Houston 's , attended the funeral , but Cannon was hospitalized at the time . "  I know what she was dealing with and how people just started to come and let her know how special she was and how to keep her head up , " recalled Cannon . "  It 's like everybody needs to hear that , you know ? We want to send the flowers while people can still smell them . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Nick Cannon suffered kidney failure as a result of lupus nephritis The condition also led to problems in his lungs and heart On the mend , he enjoys time with wife Mariah Carey and their twins
Beijing , China  CNN  -- The world economy is placing a bet on its future with China , but some Chinese are placing bets on their future with plastic . In rebalancing the world economy , analysts have said U.S. citizens should take cues from the Chinese , where 40 cents of every dollar of disposable income is saved , compared to 3 cents of every dollar in the U.S. . But there are worrying signs in China that some young consumers are starting to emulate the worst habits of U.S. consumers -- like 27-year-old Yuan Shuai in Beijing , whose credit card bets on his future have turned into overwhelming debts . In the last two years , he got seven cards from seven banks and wracked up $ 29,000 in debts . "  I spent money on eating and having fun , " he said . "  That 's all . " Unemployed and studying to be a taxi driver , Yuan now has debt collectors from banks turning to his father , Yuan Yizhong , for bill payment . "  The banks told me they could lend to him because he 's an adult , " his father says . "  Now they hold me responsible and threatened me . " With no laws for bankruptcy protection in China , those threats can be real . "  If you can not pay it back you either have to go to parents or friends to pay back for you , or you got to jail , " said Yeongwen Chiang , a consumer expert . Credit card issuance is up 32 percent in China in the past year , according to China Market Research and the National Bureau of Statistics . Credit card debt is up more than 130 percent to $ 838 million . That still pales compared to U.S. credit card debt , but the quick rise have some observers alarmed . With the decrease in exports during financial crisis , China has been working to build domestic consumption , offering subsidies on cars , home appliances and other big ticket items . That has helped China to continue to grow through the recession . During the October holiday week celebrating the 60th anniversary of the People 's Republic of China , Chinese poured $ 83 billion into the economy - a 20 percent increase in spending from the same holiday period last year . By comparison , retail spending in the United States fell 6 percent in September compared to the same time last year . But some of the increased spending in China is with money the consumers did n't have . In the first six months of this year , the number of Chinese consumer with credit card debts more than two months overdue rose 133 percent . For the Yuan family , credit card debt will take years to pay back . "  I have only one son , and he failed to live up to my expectations , " Yuan 's father said . CNN 's Emily Chang , Fareed Zakaria and Kevin Voigt contributed to this report	Although Chinese credit card debt is far behind the U.S. , it 's beginning to mount New credit cards jumped 32 percent the past year Chinese card debts more than two months overdue rose 133 percent this year
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A motorcycle gang carried out a bold smash-and-grab raid on a jewelry store in the center of London -- right in front of a CNN camera . One of the raiders can be seen clutching stolen watches as the gang makes its getaway . CNN reporter Sasha Herriman and cameraman Peter Kavanagh were filming in Oxford Street , London 's busiest retail area , when the raiders took a sledgehammer to the store 's windows in broad daylight . Kavanagh kept the camera rolling as the thieves helped themselves to handfuls of luxury watches before roaring off on their motorcycles , leaving a crowd of stunned shoppers in their wake . "  They always tell you to expect the unexpected when working in news , and this certainly was unexpected , " said Kavanagh , an Australian cameraman with 19 years ' experience . Images from the daring heist " "  As we were filming we heard a couple of motorbikes revving their engines loudly and saw a crowd forming . We could n't tell what was happening at first . "  We saw the men yelling at the crowd and gesturing for them to stay back . Then they ran out of the store , climbed on their bikes and sped off . " Kavanagh says the daring heist nearly came unstuck at the last minute when the riders were forced to swerve to avoid a truck pulling into the road -- a moment he caught on film , along with a tantalizing glimpse of their booty . Watch raiders zoom away on motorcycles " "  As they went past , I zoomed in to get a clear shot . I noticed one of the passengers on the bikes was carrying a fistful of watches . " London 's Metropolitan Police would not reveal the value of the items taken from the store , but said they were trying to establish if it was linked to other smash and grabs . No one has been arrested in connection with the raid , they said , and witnesses were being sought . Says Kavanagh , after the four raiders had fled , punching the air with victory signs , so did many of the passers-by who saw it happen . "  Afterwards we went over to the store and saw the glass from smashed cabinets and the sledgehammer lying on the ground . Most witnesses cleared off , but a few who had taken photos came forward . "	Raiders take sledgehammer to store 's windows as CNN camera rolls Motorcycle gang helped themselves to watches before making getaway Police say no arrests have been made yet
CNN  -- When Thanksgiving has come and gone , and the turkey gorge is over , you 'll probably open up your refrigerator and find all sorts of tinfoil-wrapped casseroles and a lingering eau de sage . What 's a severely yammed out but unwasteful eater to do ? That 's where Melissa d'Arabian comes in . D'Arabian is the winner of season 5 of "  The Next Food Network Star " and host of the Food Network show "  Ten Dollar Dinners . " She gives us her five tips for Thanksgiving leftovers . 1 . Freeze while fresh Why wait until your turkey has aged two extra days until you realize that you are in over your Thanksgiving head ? On Thanksgiving Day , as you are cleaning up after dinner , immediately cube up half the remaining turkey and package it up into quart-sized freezer bags , about a cup or two each portion , depending on the size of your family . Label and freeze , and now you 'll have the freshest leftover possible that becomes an easy ingredient in the freezer just waiting to have a second life a month or two down the road in another recipe : pasta , soup , savory pies , omelets , etc. . 2 . Tired of turkey ? Trick your tastebuds My Saturday strategy for the turkey I still have around ? Go ethnic or regional with these creative ideas . Think Thai  turkey pad Thai , for instance  , Mexican  turkey taquitos  or Southern BBQ  pulled-turkey sandwiches  . A whole different flavor profile will break the mold on Thanksgiving flavors , and you 'll fool your palate into thinking your dish is a fresh new idea , not a recycled leftover . 3 . Turkey 's gone , but what about all the rest ? Repurpose your sides We all have side dishes that we make out of tradition , but that are n't eaten quite as much as we would hope . The result is leftover overload ! Cranberry sauce is a major culprit in my house . The solution ? Think of cranberry sauce simply as a tart fruit , and use as you would use any other . Make a yogurt parfait , or toss with apple slices and make a cobbler or crumble , or heat up and pour on vanilla ice cream and top with toasted pecans for a sundae . You can even make a fantastic sweet-heat salsa  perfect with my turkey taquitos , above  . The other major leftover is the  in  famous yams . One idea : think breakfast ! Make a delicious maple-yam compound butter and serve with scones or waffles . Turn sweetened yams into a filling for empanadas , or make cinnamon bran muffins with them . On the savory side , try swirling some yams into your leftover mashed potatoes for a delicious marbled potato side dish .  I know ; I did n't give you any ideas for stuffing . But if you have stuffing leftovers , you need a new recipe . I 'm just saying . 4 . Ingredients are leftovers too , so scan the fridge Remember one of my cardinal rules of saving grocery dollars : Wasted food is the most expensive food you buy , no matter how cheap it was at the store . So , be sure to check your refrigerator for lurking ingredients on their last legs so that you can leverage all your leftovers instead of tossing them . Use that leftover heavy cream you bought for mashed potatoes to make a quick homemade spicy butterscotch pudding . Use half a sour cream container to make your mom 's crazy Jell-o salad . Find a way to use up the other half  those taquitos bail us out yet again !  . A good general strategy is to check your refrigerator weekly  ideally just before menu planning or grocery shopping  , and pull any ` must-use ' ingredients front and center of the fridge so you do n't forget about them . 5 . Feel good about less Sometime between Halloween and the New Year , do a major purge of stuff you do n't need and donate it . And if you are feeling the squeeze of the economy as we head into the holidays , volunteer at a homeless shelter , food bank or soup kitchen . There is nothing like helping those who are less fortunate than you to make you feel grateful for what you do have , which will curb overbuying  and overcooking  and keep the holidays focused on what matters : the people in your life . And while it 's too late to change how much food you bought for this year , maybe next year this strategy will have you just buying slightly less . But this year , it will make us grateful for having leftovers at all , even if we do n't turn them all into a taquito .	Food Network host Melissa d'Arabian offers Thanksgiving leftover tips Freeze your turkey right after Thanksgiving Add a little bit of ethnic flair  think taquitos Turn leftover ingredients into a new dish
Chatham , England  CNN  -- The history of journalism is not , as supporters of official regulation pretend , a long march toward state involvement . Campaigners for a free press have fought for centuries against state interference . Their certainty that journalism sanitized by official regulators is incompatible with liberty is recognized by such trivial instruments of democracy as the U.S. Constitution . The phone-hacking scandal has exposed the depths some journalists plumbed in pursuit of saleable stories . But it has done nothing to undermine this truth : regulation underpinned by statute would squander the fruits of struggle and betray the cause of progress . Should the press be more regulated ? Share your views The Hacked Off campaign claims to have discovered alchemy by which state underpinning of press regulation can be rendered safe . In fact it parades an oxymoron : independent regulation backed by statute . It is offensive to the democratic principle that a free press is a crucial guardian of ordinary citizens ' rights . Worse ; it would do nothing to protect the victims of phone hacking . Why UK 's shamed newspapers need regulating The Leveson Inquiry has made stark one conclusion that is profoundly inconvenient to proponents of statutory underpinning . Richard Shillito of Farrer & Co. , expresses it well : "  All or virtually all the egregious behavior which has given rise to calls for better press regulation is either actionable or contrary to the criminal law . Breach of privacy , copyright , confidence , harassment , data theft , forgery , hacking of computers and phones , contempt of court/Parliament -- these are all covered by existing law . " So , one powerful argument against state-sponsored regulation of the press is that appropriate remedies -- and penalties -- exist already for all of the offenses that have been discussed at the Leveson Inquiry . Journalism is subject to more than 50 laws ranging from the Official Secrets Act  1911  to the Bribery Act  2010  and including libel laws that have made this country destination of choice for "  libel tourists . " So , it is reasonable to ask what Hacked Off really wants . In fact its supporters have made that clear . They yearn for journalism in which the public interest is defined without any reference to what the public is interested in : reporting that would impose on the majority the tastes of a narrow cultural and intellectual elite . In the words of Mick Hume , my fellow campaigner for press freedom , " -LSB- Their -RSB- demand for ` ethical journalism ' is essentially a cultural manifesto masquerading as morality . " I prefer liberty . Why should Britain have press regulation at all ? America has none , and its newspaper culture is committed to ethical reporting . But there will be stronger regulation . The Press Complaints Commission 's failure to investigate effectively hacking at the News of the World -- compounded by its criticism of The Guardian for pursuing a story of luminous importance -- guaranteed it . But Lord Justice Leveson has no mandate to impose state-sanctioned regulation . He has responsibility without power : Government and parliament must decide . They should not be tempted by a solution three Royal Commissions since 1945 have rejected . A sanctimonious alliance of celebrities and illiberal academics urges them in that direction . They would be utterly wrong to take it . State involvement in the regulation of journalism destroys public trust . Before the internet , newspapers were trusted most when they stood apart from the state and spoke on behalf of their readers . Today the internet is cherished for the same reason . And , cherish it or not , pragmatists should note that it makes statutory regulation of newspapers an absurdly old-fashioned idea . Supporters of state-regulation castigate its opponents as "  first amendment fundamentalists . " They mean that we support the U.S. Constitution 's guarantee that government may make no law abridging the freedom of the press . I believe Britain should adopt a comparable guarantee . State supervision of newspapers offends their readers and journalism serves democracy best when its values are those the public consider decent . Regulation underpinned by statute might satisfy a short-term appetite to avenge the suffering of innocent victims . It would please the few misguided MPs who still imagine that the press was wrong to shine light into the murky world of parliamentary expenses . But no matter how benignly intended or carefully designed it would have consequences worse than any good it could do . As Christopher Meyer , former British Ambassador to the United States , explained to the Leveson Inquiry : "  Once you allow the state into this area , whatever the best intentions may have been , you are by definition standing on the top of a slippery slope . Twenty , 25 years later , things change , politics change . It is quite possible a less permissive and liberal state , less conscious of our freedoms , might try to take advantage of that legislation to do things that would be offensive to the principle of freedom of expression . " Soldiers call it mission creep , and statutory regulation would not just provide a tool for misguided politicians at home . Authoritarian rulers everywhere would exploit the slightest hint of state involvement in the regulation of the British press . "  Look , " they would gloat , "  The mother of democracy understands the need for the state to ensure that journalists behave . We agree . " Plainly authoritarians of right and left share a desire to regulate what the electorate may read . Shocking is the possibility that sincere liberals may soon find themselves tainted by an outcome they should despise . Were the superb work the Guardian did to expose phone hacking to result in state supervised regulation of newspapers , the injustice would be grotesque . An outcome that great newspaper deplores in every corner of the world can not be a proper conclusion to its campaign . I do not forecast an apocalypse , just a slow descent into controlled speech alien to the British tradition . It may be humanely directed , but the ultimate price of a statutory backstop to regulation of the newspaper industry is a docile press . Far better to cherish raucous , impertinent journalism that can speak truth to power on behalf of its readers and entertain them enough to secure their loyalty . A few individuals who already have our collective sympathy and who have received or will receive richly deserved compensation might enjoy the spectacle of state-sanctioned regulation . We would all be losers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tim Luckhurst .	Tim Luckhurst : Regulation is offensive to principle that free press is guardian of citizens ' rights It would also do nothing to protect the victims of phone hacking , he adds Luckhurst : Journalism serves democracy when its values are those public consider decent
Atlanta  CNN  -- A controversial -- and potentially pivotal -- call in a one-game playoff Friday night between the Atlanta Braves and St. Louis Cardinals prompted a vehement argument by the Braves ' manager and fans to toss debris onto the field . The incident occurred in the eighth inning of the newly introduced wild card baseball postseason game , in which the two teams battled for the right to advance to a National League division series . At the time , St. Louis led Atlanta by a 6-3 score . With one out and runners on first and second base , Braves shortstop Andrelton Simmons skied a pop-up to shallow left field . Amid apparent confusion between two Cardinals ' players , the ball dropped -- which could have led to the Braves loading the bases . But instead , an umpire ruled Simmons out , citing the infield fly rule . The rule is traditionally invoked on pop flies in the infield , in order to prevent fielders from letting a ball drop -- in order to get two outs instead of one , had they caught the ball . SI : What is the infield fly rule ? Atlanta manager Fredi Gonzalez stormed out of the dugout to protest the call , while angry fans pelted the field with cups , bottles and other debris . After an 18-minute delay , play finally resumed -- with the umpires ruling the call still valid , and the Braves then playing the game under protest . Braves ' pinch-hitter Brian McCann then walked before the Cardinals ' Jason Motte struck out Michael Bourn to end the inning . After two quick outs in the ninth inning , Atlanta 's Chipper Jones -- the team 's legendary third baseman who has announced this is his last season -- got on base with an infield hit . Freddie Freeman then rocketed a ground rule double , bringing the tying run to the plate in the form of Dan Uggla . Yet the second baseman ended the game -- and the Braves ' season and , with it , Jones ' career -- by grounding out to second base . Matthew Bolus , a 19-year-old lifelong Braves fan who had driven all the way from Birmingham , Alabama , for the game , was among those fans who felt cheated by the call . "  I feel like I did n't see the game that I was supposed to see , " he said . Atlanta fans responded to the final out with more boos , as well as a smattering of more debris flying onto the field . The disgust was interrupted only by a chant of "  Chipper , " recognizing the end of the fan favorite Jones ' career . Chipper Jones ' last hurrah Joe Torre , a former player and manager who is now Executive Vice President of Baseball Operations for Major League Baseball , told reporters later that he talked with umpire crew chief Jeff Kellogg during the long delay . After the game concluded , Torre talked to Gonzalez and Braves General Manager Frank Wren about their protest . During the regular season , teams have 24 hours to file a written protest , after which baseball executives can make a judgment . But Torre said that timetable "  just did n't make sense " with the game 's victors advancing to the next round of the playoffs starting Sunday , so he decided the matter immediately . "  I spoke to them and asked them what  grounds  they were making the protest on , " Torre said . "  And I ruled , basically , to disallow the protest based on the fact that it 's an umpire 's judgment call . " When asked after the game if he doubted whether he made the right call after the boos and debris started raining down , umpire Sam Holbrook said succinctly , "  Absolutely not . " With the 6-3 victory , St. Louis advances to play the National League East champion Washington Nationals in the next round of the playoffs . The San Francisco Giants face off against the Cincinnati Reds in the league 's other postseason series . Baseball season 's final day brings drama Following the game , Gonzalez criticized what he deemed "  a bad call , " saying the ball was too far out in the outfield to warrant the infield fly rule . Still , he said he was "  a little disappointed " with fans who threw objects on the field and pointed out how the Braves ' three errors and inability to drive in more runs also contributed to the loss . "  Anybody can have one bad game , anybody can have one bad call go against you , " the Atlanta manager said . "  It hurts losing ballgames like we did tonight . " Torre acknowledged some may understandably disagree with the eighth-inning call . Yet he pointed out that mistakes -- including errors by fielders and strikeouts by hitters -- have been part of baseball for as long as the sport has been around . "  I think controversy is part of what we do , because the game is not perfect , " Torre said . "  That 's always been the game . " The American League one-game playoff match between the Baltimore Orioles and the Texas Rangers did not have the controversy or trash throwing . Baltimore won the game 5-1 , continuing the miracle season the team is having . The Orioles will move on to play the New York Yankees on Sunday . One-handed kid meets Chipper Jones CNN 's Jamie Gumbrecht contributed to this report .	NEW : A baseball executive disallows the Braves ' protest of the game , so the result stands An umpire makes a controversial call against the Braves in the eighth inning Atlanta 's manager protests and fan throw debris onto the field The Cardinals end up beating the Braves 6-3 to advance in baseball 's playoffs
CNN  -- Barcelona put on a sumptuous display against Rayo Vallecano and it was no surprise that Lionel Messi led the way , rewriting the record books in the process . The four-time world player of the year scored two goals to give him 228 overall in the Spanish league , passing Alfredo di Stefano 's mark and placing the Argentine into a tie for third with a man who , like di Stefano , made a name for himself at Real Madrid , Raul . Barring a serious injury and change of leagues , Messi -- who did miss two months this season with a leg complaint -- is sure to take over top spot from Telmo Zarra . The latter scored 251 goals , 17 more than Hugo Sanchez . "  I 'd like to think that Messi still has a bit to go before he 's 100 percent fit , " Barcelona manager Gerardo Martino told the club website . "  If he wants , he 'll break any record he sets his mind to . "  He 's only 26 years old and he 'll lose count  of the records he breaks  . Barca enjoy him and Argentina does as well . " Barcelona 's awesome display against Vallecano prompted the Catalan club 's website to use the word ` caviar ' in describing the affair and the free-flowing football on offer served as a warning for Manchester City , which collides with Barca next week in the Champions League . Messi 's goals came in the 38th and 68th minutes at the Camp Nou , with Adriano , Pedro , Alexis Sanchez and the returning Neymar chipping in with the others . Neymar , the Brazilian whiz , had missed about three weeks with an ankle injury . "  This month has been long , " Neymar told reporters . "  I was very eager to play . " Despite the ruthless performance , Barcelona ca n't gain a significant lead over Atletico Madrid . Madrid earlier Saturday blanked Real Valladolid 3-0 at home , realistically claiming all three points with two goals in the first four minutes . It was relief for Atletico , which had lost three straight games in all competitions . "  It was convenient , fast and what I like is the intensity with which the team went out with , " Atletico manager Diego Simeone told the club website . Barcelona and Atletico each have 60 points , and Real Madrid can join them by winning at Getafe on Sunday .	Lionel Messi becomes the third leading scorer in the Spanish league Messi nets twice in Barcelona 's 6-0 rout over Rayo Vallecano at home Atletico Madrid won earlier Saturday to temporarily go top in La Liga Real Madrid can join Barca and Atletico on 60 points Sunday with a win
CNN  -- While all eyes seem to be on "  Slumdog Millionaire " for the Oscars , one very courageous little girl will be focused on another India-based film at the ceremony . Pinki , like millions in developing countries , had to live with her deformity and suffer the social consequences . It 's called "  Smile Pinki , " and it 's up for an Oscar , too -- nominated for best short documentary , which it won on Sunday . The little girl watching it from inside the Oscar ceremony has traveled all the way to Los Angeles , California , from her small Indian village with her dad -- and it has been an incredible journey for Pinki Sonkar . "  Smile Pinki " tells the story of her transformation from a sad outcast to a vibrant 8-year-old with plenty of spunk . Pinki was born with a cleft lip , and her impoverished family did not have the money for corrective surgery . Like millions of other children born with the lip deformity in developing countries , Pinki simply had to live with it and suffer the social consequences . Her father Rajendra Sonkar says : "  She used to go to school and the kids would not befriend her . She would say , ' I do n't want to go to school . ' " Watch how Pinki was transformed by the operation " "  Pinki was a depressed , sad , lonely , shy , young little girl , growing up on the periphery of the society in a little village , " said Satish Kalra , director of Smile Train 's South Asian region , after meeting with Pinki . The little girl 's own family was ashamed of her , Kalra says . But all of that has changed . Pinki is now a real pistol , full of energy and confidence , and she has a fantastic smile too -- thanks to the Smile Train charity . Smile Train teaches doctors in their own countries to operate on cleft lips , a deformity afflicting up to four million children across the world . iReport : Share your Oscar predictions Pinki just happened to be one of the chosen candidates for surgery and was also chosen to be the subject of the documentary . The film chronicles her transformation , following her from her village to the hospital and home again . "  She has absolutely and totally changed , " said Pinki 's surgeon , Dr. Subodh Kumar . The film 's director is Megan Mylan . She has won several awards but not an Oscar -- until now . For Pinki and her dad , being able to see the film 's director win an Oscar would be a thrill . But they know they already have the greatest prize : Pinki 's new smile . "  I am so happy that my daughter 's lips have been repaired , " her dad Rajendra said with a smile , expressing hope that the movie will inspire people to help children whose families ca n't afford the surgery .	NEW : "  Smile Pinki " wins best short documentary Oscar Pinki Sonkar was born with cleft lip ; her family in India could n't afford surgery Smile Train charity provided operation ; 4 million children worldwide have cleft lips Pinki , once an outcast because of the deformity , will attend the Oscar ceremony
Your co-workers will bolt from work early today . Bars will make a killing . And even the most indifferent of your friends will feign a slight interest in the World Cup . For today , the United States begins its Brazil adventure when it goes toe-to-toe with its nemesis , Ghana . The Black Stars have knocked the U.S. out of competition the last two go-rounds -- in 2006 and 2010 . Can the U.S. avoid a three-peat ? It 'd better , if it wants to see its World Cup ambitions stay alive . Because after Ghana , the U.S. takes on two giants : Germany and Portugal -- ranked by FIFA as the second - and fourth-best teams in the world . For its part , the U.S. is ranked 13th . Ghana is 37th . No wonder Group G -- the one the U.S. finds itself in -- has been nicknamed the "  Group of Death . " Why focus on the negative though ? Sure , America 's odds of lifting the most coveted soccer trophy in the world are 100 to 1 . But the 23 players on the squad have dreamed of playing on the grandest stage of soccer since they were kids . Kyle Beckerman , 32 , was one of them . As a child , he 'd leave notes for his mom , signed , "  Kyle Beckerman USA # 15 . " Now , he signs autographs that way . This is their moment . "  For one month every four years , the world stops , everybody is watching , " said team captain Michael Bradley . "  To have the opportunity to represent our country , to wear our colors , there 's nothing else like it . " WHY YOU SHOULD WORRY Ghana has n't been kind to America 's World Cup soccer aspirations . It knocked out the U.S. from the group stage in 2006 with a 2-1 win . In 2010 , the Americans gave them a run for the money . But alas , an extra-time goal from Ghana -- in the 93rd minute -- sent the U.S. packing once again , 2-1 . Seven players from the 2010 Ghanaian team are back Monday , including the lightning-fast Asamoah Gyan , the team captain . They 're unpredictable . And the U.S. will have to be ready for anything . WHY YOU SHOULD N'T WORRY In the warm-up matches ahead of the tournament , the U.S. won all three of its games -- against Azerbaijan , Turkey and Nigeria . Ghana lost two of its three -- to Montenegro and the Netherlands .  It beat fellow World Cup participant South Korea handily . Second , none of the U.S. players is hobbled by injury . One of Ghana 's best , Michael Essien , is . He 'll start the match against the U.S. on the bench as will Kevin-Prince Boateng , who scored against the Americans in 2010 . Finally , it 's very , very wet and rainy in Natal , where the game will be played . "  When there 's rain in a soccer game , it means that it 's pretty much an equalizer a lot of the time , " says CNN correspondent Lara Baldesarra . "  Anything can happen . " WHO TO WATCH Ghana 's Ayew brothers . There are two of them : Andrew and Jordan . They 're fast and they 're a threat -- especially Jordan Ayew , who has worked his way into the starting lineup against the United States . When Ghana beat South Korea in the warm-up , he scored all the goals but one in the 4-0 wipeout . This , after coming in as a substitute ! On the U.S. side , hopes are riding high on 26-year-old Michael Bradley , the best American midfielder of his generation . He 's creative and attack-minded . Look for him to come up with some dazzling plays . Then there 's goalie Tim Howard . He 's one of the best in the world . Oh , and he scores too -- the way he did for Manchester United in a Premier League match against Bolton Wanderers . WHO WO N'T BE THERE Landon Donovan , the all-time top U.S. goal scorer  57  . For fans , coach Jurgen Klinsmann 's decision to leave him out does n't add up . Klinsmann said other players were "  a tiny little bit ahead of him , " and though he did n't want to go into details , he alluded to the 32-year-old Donovan not having the speed and ankle-breaking one-on-one skills he once possessed . WHAT SHOULD YOU IGNORE Klinsmann , a tough-talking German who won a World Cup himself , took over from Bob Bradley as the U.S. coach in 2011 . All his work has been building up to this moment . So fans were n't too pleased when they heard him say this : "  For us now talking about winning a World Cup , it 's just not realistic . First we 've got to make it through the group . So let 's keep our feet on the ground and say , let 's get that group first done , and then the sky is the limit . " There 's another way to look at it . Maybe he 's managing expectations . Or using reverse psychology . Best to ignore it . After all , Klinsmann himself struck a more optimistic note Sunday . "  We wan na go far , that 's definitely our goal , " he said . "  I booked my flight after the final . " WHO WILL WIN Depends on the counterattacks . The Ghana players are fast and nimble . The Americans are creative at seizing opportunities . So it 'll come down to whichever team can disrupt possession and run with it . Our guess ? It 'll be a 1-1 draw . 5 things : What to watch for Monday at the World Cup	One of Ghana 's top players , Michael Essien , to start match on bench Ghana has knocked U.S. out of competition the last two times None of the U.S. players is hobbled by injury Landon Donovan was left out of the U.S. team
MINDEN , Nevada  CNN  -- Fellow aviation enthusiast Sir Richard Branson said Wednesday he was worried that rescuers had found no sign of his friend , adventurer Steve Fossett , who disappeared two days ago after taking off from another friend 's desert ranch . Fossett poses after accepting his induction into the National Aviation Hall of Fame on July 20 , 2007 . However , the billionaire president of Virgin Atlantic also was optimistic that Fossett -- whom he calls "  a tough old boot " -- will surface soon . "  If he 's landed and he 's not too badly hurt , he 's the one person in the world who will be mentally and physically equipped to get out of it , " Branson said . Rescuers began looking again Wednesday for Fossett . Search organizers at the Minden-Tahoe Airport , just south of Carson City , Nevada , said they expect the wind will not hamper search efforts , as it did Tuesday . See a map of the area " "  The winds have cooperated much more today , so that will allow the helicopters -- the three being dispatched out here today -- to fly much closer to the ground to get a better look at what 's going on , " said 1st Sgt. Chuck Allen , spokesman for the Nevada Department of Public Safety . Five planes being used in the search will be able to cruise at about 1,000 feet , the spokesman said . The California and Utah wings of the Civil Air Patrol joined the search Wednesday , said Maj. Cynthia Ryan of the Nevada Civil Air Patrol . She is leading the rescue effort . One of the search planes is equipped with ARCHER , a modified version of the Navy 's hyperspectral imaging technology . To use it , search-and-rescue personnel input such information as the shape , size and color of what they are looking for , and imaging equipment compares those parameters with what it sees on the ground . "  It can see as little as 10 percent of the target and extrapolate from there , " Ryan said . Helicopters or ground searchers can follow up on anything of possible significance , she added . Though there were no signs of Fossett on Tuesday evening , searchers and friends remained optimistic that the eclectic adventurer was safe . "  We 're confident if his plane only sustained minor damage that he 's strong enough to survive the elements , " Allen said . Fossett , 63 , was in a single-engine Bellanca Super Decathlon when he took off at 9 a.m.  noon ET  Monday in good flying conditions from hotel magnate Barron Hilton 's Flying M Ranch in Nevada , Ryan said . A world-record-holding pilot , yachtsman and balloonist , Fossett is an accomplished sportsman who knows how to handle himself in the wild . In addition to skippering flights and voyages around the globe , Fossett has competed in cross-country skiing competitions , the Iditarod Sled Dog Race and the Ironman Triathlon . He also swam the English Channel and ran in the Leadville Trail Run , a 100-mile foot race through the Colorado Rockies . He has prevailed in the past after experiencing complications during a flight , once walking 30 miles for help after making a forced landing , Ryan said . Branson -- whose Virgin Atlantic company has sponsored some of Fossett 's attempts to shatter world flight records -- said Tuesday that Fossett 's track record suggests "  we 'll get some good news soon . " Watch as Fossett 's plane is described " "  Steve is a tough old boot . I suspect he is waiting by his plane right now for someone to pick him up , " Branson said in a written statement . "  The ranch he took off from covers a huge area , and Steve has had far tougher challenges to overcome in the past . " Branson struck a more cautious tone Wednesday , saying he was "  obviously worried " that Fossett may be injured because he was wearing a watch capable of emitting an emergency distress signal . If Fossett were OK , Branson surmised , he would have been able to activate the manually operated signal . However , he added , "  If anyone 's going to end up walking back up -LSB- to -RSB- the ranch and apologizing for pranging the Hiltons ' plane , it 's likely to be Steve Fossett . " Though Ryan was optimistic that Fossett will be located , she noted the challenges facing the rescue mission -- namely a 600-square-mile swath of desert , covered with sagebrush and deep ravines , and swept by tricky wind conditions that confounded Tuesday 's aerial search . "  It 's a very large haystack , " she said . "  And an airplane is a very small needle . No doubt about that . " Fossett was supposed to return to the Hilton ranch , about 30 miles south of Yerington , Nevada , at noon  3 p.m. ET  Monday . The search began six hours later , Ryan said . Fossett did not file a flight plan , but one is not required on flights using visual navigation . When he left , he had four to five hours of fuel for flight , Ryan said . "  Steve took off toward the south and was going to fly southbound , looking around for some dry lake beds for some plans he had for the future , " Ryan said . Those plans , she said , involved testing a vehicle in an attempt to set a world land speed record . Fossett was in Sparks , Nevada , last month preparing a jet racer to break the land speed record at Bonneville Flats in northwest Utah . Ryan said Tuesday that authorities were analyzing information from radar intelligence to track Fossett . There has been no sound detected from the plane 's emergency locator radio beacon , which goes off if there is a hard impact . In 2005 , Fossett piloted the first nonstop , solo flight around the world without refueling . Virgin Atlantic sponsored the plane , the GlobalFlyer , which Fossett used a year later to break the world 's flight distance record , traveling almost 26,000 miles in 76 hours and 43 minutes from Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Florida , to Bournemouth , England . He made an emergency landing during that flight after electricity on the aircraft failed over Shannon , Ireland . His goal had been to land at Kent International Airport in Manston , England . In 2002 , he achieved the first solo balloon flight around the world , traveling 20,626 miles in 14 days . He 's credited with 115 world records or world firsts , and holds official world records in five sports , according to his Web site . In a interview with CNN last year , Fossett said his favorite record-breaking feat was the 2002 solo balloon flight . "  We had to really upgrade the technical capability of balloons , and the flight was much more difficult than I 'd ever imagined it would be . I tried six times over the course of six years before succeeding , " he said . See Fossett 's adventures via land , sea and air " Asked how long he 'll keep going , Fossett answered , "  I imagine that when I 'm 80 years old and sitting in a wheelchair that I might do something like take a remote control airplane and try and fly it around the world . I plan to be setting and breaking records indefinitely . " Fossett was born in Jackson , Tennessee , and grew up in California , where he attended Stanford University , graduating with a degree in economics in 1966 . After earning an MBA at Washington University in St. Louis , he became a commodities broker and launched in 1980 the Chicago-based securities company Lakota Trading , the income from which he used to fund his adventures . He and his wife of almost four decades , Peggy Viehland , have no children . E-mail to a friend	Searchers say weather will let 5 planes , 3 choppers "  get a better look " Friend Sir Richard Branson "  worried " there has been no sign of Fossett Aircraft combing rugged terrain in western Nevada for Fossett and his plane Fossett made first solo , nonstop , non-refueled airplane trip around the world
CNN  -- A 20-year-old man died Sunday after being shot with a Taser device during a scuffle with a sheriff 's deputy in Maryland , a spokeswoman for the Frederick County Sheriff 's Office said . Amnesty International blames dozens of deaths on police use of stun guns . Cpl. Jennifer Bailey said deputies responding to a report of a fight in progress arrived at the location in Frederick , Maryland , just before 5 a.m. ET and found four people fighting . A deputy used a Taser device on one of the men , who fell unconscious , Bailey said . The man was taken to Frederick Memorial Hospital , where he was pronounced dead . His identity was not immediately released , pending the notification of his family . The deputy , who has not been identified publicly , has been placed on administrative leave with pay pending the completion of an investigation , Bailey said . Amnesty International has reported that , since June 2001 , more than 150 people have died in the United States after being subdued with a stun gun . The organization has called for police departments to suspend use of the devices pending study of their possible risks . Few have done so , said Amnesty , which added that more than 7,000 of the nation 's 18,000 law enforcement agencies use the devices . Last month , a police officer in Vancouver International Airport in Canada used a Taser device on a distraught 40-year-old man on his first airplane trip outside Poland . He died . In a statement released Friday , Taser International cited the Vancouver case and said it "  appears to follow the pattern of many in-custody deaths or deaths following a confrontation with police . Historically , medical science and forensic analysis has shown that these deaths are attributable to other factors and not the low-energy electrical discharge of the Taser . " A bystander 's video of the Vancouver incident that showed the victim continuing to struggle after being shot with the device "  is proof that the Taser device was not the cause of his death , " the company said on its Web site . Cardiac arrest caused by electrical current would have caused immediate death , it said . In addition , "  the video clearly shows symptoms of excited delirium , a potentially fatal condition marked by symptoms of exhaustion and mania such as heavy breathing , profuse sweating , confusion , disorientation and violence toward inanimate objects , " the company said . "  We are taken aback by the number of media outlets that have irresponsibly published conclusive headlines blaming the Taser device and/or the law enforcement officers involved as the cause of death before completion of the investigation , " said Tom Smith , the company 's founder and chairman of the board . But Amnesty International , noting that coroners have identified Tasers as a contributory factor in more than 30 deaths , said such a link can not be ruled out . The devices use compressed nitrogen to shoot two probes -- connected to the device by wire -- up to 35 feet away at speeds exceeding 100 mph . An electrical signal transmitted through the wires contacts the body or clothing , "  resulting in an immediate loss of the person 's neuromuscular control and the ability to perform coordinated action for the duration of the impulse , " according to the company . E-mail to a friend	Man dies after police use Taser device on him while breaking up fight in Maryland Another man died in Canada last week after being shot with Taser gun Amnesty International blames 150 deaths since 2001 on police stun guns Taser International says many deaths involving stun guns have other causes
Filmmaker J.J. Abrams loves a certain level of mystery , paranoia and hidden meaning in many of the movies and television series he 's created : The enigmatic island in "  Lost . " The sci-fi conspiracy behind "  Fringe . " The monsters kept hidden through much of "  Super 8 " and "  Cloverfield . " Now , Abrams brings that same mysterious vibe to a new novel simply called , "  S. " The result of a collaboration between Abrams , who created the concept , and critically acclaimed author Doug Dorst , who wrote the book , "  S. " is part mystery , part romance and part puzzle -- an ambitious , multilayered and interactive story .  View the book 's spooky trailer . Even as "  S. " is being unveiled in stores this week , it 's still shrouded in secrecy . The thick hardcover comes in a slipcase and shrink-wrapped in plastic . Inside is what appears to be an old library book , titled "  Ship of Theseus " by a writer named V.M. Straka . It 's a story about a man with no memory and no identity who is kidnapped and taken aboard a strange ship by a crew of mystery men . In the margins of the book are handwritten messages between two people ; Jennifer , a college senior and Eric , a former graduate student . Both these stories unfold simultaneously and then intersect . The "  S. " experience is like reading a novel while eavesdropping on a conversation . Also moving the two stories forward , there are removable photos , postcards , letters , newspaper articles , even a map drawn on a napkin , folded into the book . Using these clues , Jen and Eric , and hopefully readers , too , discover hidden messages and codes that lead to the book 's climax . CNN recently spoke to Abrams and Dorst about how their collaboration came together . An edited transcript of the conversation is below . Fast facts : J.J. Abrams & Doug Dorst For fans of : Mysteries , romance , puzzles , experimental fiction , the TV series "  Lost " What else have they done : Abrams is the writer , producer and director behind TV shows including "  Lost , " "  Fringe " and "  Person of Interest . " He also has directed a number of movies , including "  Star Trek Into Darkness , " and will direct the next chapter of the "  Star Wars " franchise . Dorst is the author of the PEN/Hemingway-nominated novel "  Alive in Necropolis " and the story collection "  The Surf Guru . " Fun Facts : Abrams is a huge fan of "  Downton Abbey " and visited the set of the UK-based drama earlier this year . Dorst teaches writing at Texas State University-San Marcos . He 's also a three-time "  Jeopardy! " champion . CNN : What was the spark behind the book ? Abrams : About 15 years ago I was at LAX and I saw a Robert Ludlum novel sitting on a bench . I went over and picked it up . Inside someone had written in pen on the title page of the book , "  to whomever finds this book please read it and take it somewhere and leave it for someone else to read . " I just loved this idea that someone would use a book as a means of communication . What happens if you read the notes in it , what if you responded to those notes ? Could there be a story or maybe even a romance that begins between two people over a book ? It was an idea I had for many years and finally I had to share it because it was driving me crazy . So we started trying to figure out : How do we make this happen ? I was introduced to Doug Dorst , who came in and heard this crazy pitch that had a whole bunch of ideas but far more questions than answers . Dorst : So , I went away to try and figure out how this book is going to work , given the story we 're going to try and tell , how do we do that ? How is the inner novel going to function , who are the characters ? I came up with some ideas and we went back and forth developing those for the better part of a year . Then we put together a sample and sold the book . Since then it 's been about two years making the rest of the book happen . CNN : To me "  S. " reads as if Franz Kafka had written an episode of "  Lost . " How would you describe the novel to someone who has n't read it ? Dorst : I love that description . Add to it , they find H.P. Lovecraft in a bunker . Abrams : I think that it is a kind of wonderful cocktail of writing of a period , in a tone that feels really idiosyncratic but then it 's got modern-day language and a very current rhythm . While there 's an investigation into this author and the conspiracy that swirls around him , it 's also a love story , actually more than one love story that develops . It 's kind of a wonderful thing to see how it blossoms . I just think Doug truly outdid himself . CNN : With the hidden messages and codes , the postcards and photos folded into the book , did you set out to create more of an interactive experience for the reader ? Abrams : When we first met it was part of our discussions that we wanted this thing to have not just notes inside but the idea that it could actually have some physical , tangible , removable pieces , of artifacts of their relationship and investigation in there . So it was part of the fun to imagine what it could be , but the truth is that kind of stuff can become gimmicky . Doug focused on telling the story , and it was n't until we 'd really finished the whole thing that the question came up : What would be the great wish list of things that we could have in there ? Dorst : My wish list was ridiculously long , but that was part of the fun , too . There were times as I was writing it might occur to me that there would be some sort of exterior piece of information or document that might go with that nicely and I would make a note of it . We did n't really sit down to figure out which ones would serve the story best until later . Abrams : One of my favorites , there 's this great letter from Jen and you realize there 's no other way it would really fit in the book . It 's a funny thing because when you 're reading a book you 're a little bit of a voyeur because you 're entering into the author 's world . The whole experience of "  S. " to me is literally almost reading someone 's diary ; it 's actually two people 's diaries . There are moments in the book that feel very personal and intimate . What I love about Doug 's writing is those moments are earned . To me it transcends any gimmickry that the cautionary tale version of this book would end up looking like . CNN : What book first inspired you when you were young ? Dorst : When I was a kid Stephen King 's "  The Shining " blew me away . That was the first book that just messed up my world in a really interesting and fun way . Later , when I was in law school and trying to get out , there was an amazing book by T.C. Boyle , "  World 's End , " that made me realize , oh people can be writers , maybe I could do this . Abrams : It 's funny you say that , for me what I remember so clearly and I think I was 14 when "  Night Shift , " the Stephen King short story collection came out . That blew my mind and I got obsessed with him and read "  The Dead Zone " and "  The Shining " and others . "  Night Shift " did for me what "  The Twilight Zone " did as a TV series . CNN : Will the two of you collaborate again ? Abrams : There are some things that we 've talked about that could be pretty exciting , but we 'll see how people respond to "  S. " first .	"  S. " is a collaboration between filmmaker J.J. Abrams and author Doug Dorst The book is interactive , featuring hidden codes , removable photos , notes and letters Like many of Abrams ' previous projects , the book has been shrouded in secrecy "  S. " is available in bookstores this week
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A Chinese farm admitted to dumping dead pigs into Huangpu River , which had about 6,000 bloated carcasses pulled from its water this week , state media reported . The labels in the ears of the pigs indicated Jiaxing City as their birthplace , according to Xinhua , the Chinese state-run news agency . The city is south of Shanghai , in the Zhejiang Province . Earlier , local Chinese media had suggested the dead pigs had come from the area with local officials blaming dumping on "  local pig farmers who lack awareness of laws and regulations . " The city 's government said a total of 70,000 pigs died from "  crude raising techniques and extreme weather " at the beginning of the year , according to Xinhua . But it also insisted that the collected corpses were disposed safely . The selling of diseased pigs appears to be a bigger problem in the area as on Wednesday , a court in Zhejiang Province , issued prison sentences for 46 people convicted of selling meat from diseased pigs , Xinhua said . The sentences ranged from six months to 6 and a half years in prison , the report said . Shanghai water concerns The "  dead pig dumping scandal " in Shanghai has been growing since Friday , Xinhua reported . Chinese officials have said they expect to find more carcasses in the river -- but they insist the Shanghai water is fine . The scandal has incredulous residents one-upping each other on the country 's popular microblog service , Sina Weibo . "  Since when is finding dead rotting pigs in a major river not a public health problem ? " Weibo user , @Muyunsanjun2011 , asked . "  Answer : When this happens in China . " A report in the Shanghai Daily newspaper earlier Wednesday said that no pollution had been found in the river . "  Since apparently , the water has not been contaminated , big leaders , please go ahead and have the first drink , " Weibo user,@_Nina_Burbage quipped . However , a later water sample was found to contain a porcine circovirus , Xinhua said . The World Health Organization says there are two types of porcine circoviruses , but neither is known to cause disease in humans . An official from a Shanghai water plant was quoted in Xinhua saying , "  If the water is contaminated , we will put more the disinfectants and activated carbon to purify the water . " ` Dead pigs all around ' Sanitation workers , clad in masks and plastic suits , have been fishing the bruised pig bodies surfacing in the Huangpu River . The pink , decomposing blobs have wreaked foul odors and alarmed residents . "  There were dead pigs all around and they really stunk , " one local resident told CNN . "  Of course , we 're worried , but what can you do about it ? It 's water that we have to drink and use . " If the water treatment process is very effective and can handle the sudden glut of contaminants , it 's possible to minimize the impact , said Julian Fyfe , a senior research consultant specializing in water quality at the University of Technology Sydney . However , "  most treatment plants would not be designed to accommodate that level of shock loading . It 's such an unusual event , " he added . Fyfe spoke in general terms about water quality issues , as he is not involved with Shanghai 's water treatment . "  If they are chlorinating heavily , which a lot of places may do , especially if they 've got a very polluted water body to start with , then the effects could potentially be small , " Fyfe said . Pig corpses that have been in the water for days would leak blood , intestinal fluids and other pollutants , which could alter the taste and color of tap water . Many residents have begun drinking bottled water due to fears of contamination , according to the Global Times , a Chinese newspaper . Ripe for satire The agricultural commission in China said it had tested organ samples from the pigs and the results suggested the animals had contracted a porcine circovirus . On Tuesday , national officials acknowledged the pig incident in a press conference Tuesday . "  According to monitoring statistics , there 's no evidence to show that there 's an outbreak of any major animal epidemics , " said Chen Xiaohua , the national vice minister of agriculture . "  But in the meantime , the incident shows how we need to improve our work in the future . " The situation appeared ripe for satire . A movie poster for "  Life of Pi " was doctored and replaced with "  Life of Pigs , " with the main character 's boat filled with dead pigs , and the water dotted with the bruised corpses . One weibo user , @Fujiadiandianxiaoya , joked : "  I finally figured out why drinking boiled water makes me gain weight -- because it is in fact pork soup ! " Local authorities say they 're looking into how the pigs ended up in the river . CNN 's Madison Park and Dayu Zhang reported from Hong Kong ; CNN 's Josh Levs reported from Atlanta . CNN 's David McKenzie and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	NEW : Chinese media say a pig farm admits to dumping pigs into Huangpu River A porcine circovirus is found in a water sample Weibo users voice skepticism over assurances of water safety
CNN  -- Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez insists Fernando Torres is happy at the English Premier League club after Manchester City were linked with a multi-million dollar bid for the Spain striker . Torres has scored 18 goals in 22 league games for Liverpool this season but will miss the rest of the campaign after having surgery on a knee injury , meaning the 26-year-old faces a race to be fit for Spain 's opening game in the World Cup against Switzerland on June 16 . City spent over $ 100 million in the transfer market before the start of this season and are currently battling for fourth spot in the league , which would guarantee a lucrative Champions League place . Liverpool , meanwhile , sit in seventh place and look set to miss out on qualification for the money-spinning tournament . It has led to speculation that Torres could be top of City 's wanted list once the season ends . City 's Italian manager Roberto Mancini told reporters : "  We are a top team and I think all the top teams are interested in Torres but sometimes it depends on the player because they want to play in the Champions League . "  For me , he is with Carlos -LSB- Tevez -RSB- , -LSB- Wayne -RSB- Rooney , -LSB- Lionel -RSB- Messi , -LSB- Zlatan -RSB- Ibrahimovic , -LSB- Cristiano -RSB- Ronaldo as the best in Europe . Fernando is a fantastic striker ; all the teams in Europe would like him . " The City manager did admit a successful pursuit of Torres may only come about if the club can secure Champions League football next season : "  If we do n't get into the fourth position I think it will be difficult , " he said . Liverpool were knocked out of Champions League in the group stages but have progressed to the semifinal of the Europa League against Atletico Madrid . They lost the first leg 1-0 in the Spanish capital on Thursday . After the game Benitez dismissed the possibility of Torres leaving the club . He told reporters : "  Torres is happy . The thing he 's thinking about now is being ready as soon as possible and that 's it . From the beginning , he 's said he 's been very happy at Anfield . "  We have said repeatedly that Fernando is not for sale and he still has three years of his contract remaining , so how can they sign a player who does not wish to leave ? "	Manchester City express an interest in signing Liverpool striker Fernando Torres City manager Roberto Mancini says many teams in Europe would like Torres Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez insists Torres is happy at Liverpool Torres is currently sidelined with a knee injury
CNN  -- Turkey 's prime minister , a staunch critic of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime , on Tuesday called Israel 's recent airstrikes in Syria "  unacceptable . " Recep Tayyip Erdogan made the statement in the capital , Ankara , during a Justice and Development Party group meeting in parliament . "  The air attack by Israel on Damascus is unacceptable . No rationale , no reason can excuse this operation . These attacks are a bargaining chip , an opportunity delivered on a silver platter to the hands of Assad , to the illegitimate Syrian regime , " he said . The heightened tensions come amid questions about the possible use of chemical weapons in Syria and international debate over how to respond to the country 's bloody civil war , in which more than 70,000 people have died in more than two years of fighting . In the latest unrest , U.N. peacekeepers have been seized in Syria near the Israeli-held Golan Heights , a U.N. spokesman said Tuesday . The four were on patrol near al Jamlah , Syria , when an armed group detained them . Officials were working "  to secure their safe release , " the spokesman said . The Yarmouk Martyrs Brigade , part of the rebel Free Syrian Army , said the peacekeepers were caught in the crossfire between Syrian armed forces and FSA fighters . That prompted the brigade to extract the peacekeepers for their security , the brigade command said . The peacekeepers , all members of a Philippine battalion of the U.N. Disengagement Observer Force , were seized near al Jamlah , in an area that 's technically part of the Syrian Golan . After the 1973 war , the force was established to supervise a cease-fire and disengagement agreement . As for Israel , it conducted strikes against Syria twice in recent days , a U.S. official confirmed Monday . One targeted a weapons storage site containing missiles and another was directed at a Damascus research facility , the official said . The official stressed that Israel is concerned about Syria transferring weapons to the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah . The strikes killed 42 Syrian soldiers , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Monday , citing medical sources . It said 100 people remained missing . An Israeli general who commands forces on the Syrian border said "  there are no winds of war , " according to the Israel Defense Forces website . But the Syrian government warned that Sunday 's apparent strikes , which followed one last week that Syria also blames on Israel , open "  the door wide for all the possibilities . " And Syrian ally Iran warned of a "  crushing response , " while Russia called reports of Israeli involvement "  very worrying . " READ MORE : Q&A : Is Syrian war escalating to wider conflict ? Israel focused on Hezbollah weapons transfers While Israel has not acknowledged responsibility for the attacks , the country has long said it would target any transfer of weapons to Hezbollah or other terrorist groups . "  We are watching everything when it comes to the movement of these types of weapons . We have the means to do that , " a senior Israeli defense official told CNN 's Sara Sidner on Sunday . The official is not authorized to speak to the media . Shaul Mofaz , a lawmaker in Israel 's Knesset , told Israeli Army Radio on Sunday that Israel is n't meddling with Syria 's civil war . But Israel must protect itself from Lebanese militants , he said . "  For Israel , it is very important that the front group for Iran , which is in Lebanon , needs to be stopped , " Mofaz said . Tensions in Syria have been worsened by conflicting reports on the possible use of chemical weapons there . On Monday , a U.N. official said evidence points to the use of the deadly nerve agent sarin by Syrian rebel forces . Opinion : Al Qaeda 's track record with chemical weapons Carla Del Ponte told an Italian-Swiss TV station that the findings come after interviews with doctors and Syrian victims now in neighboring countries . Del Ponte , the commissioner of the U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry for Syria , said the notion is n't surprising , given the infiltration of foreign fighters into the Syrian opposition . Later , the commission issued a news release saying it "  has not reached conclusive findings as to the use of chemical weapons in Syria by any parties to the conflict . " Therefore , "  the commission is not in a position to further comment on the allegations at this time , " the statement said . The claim of rebels using sarin gas comes after months of suspicions that the Syrian regime has used the same nerve agent against rebels . Last week , the United States said its intelligence analysts had concluded "  with varying degrees of confidence " that chemical weapons had been used in Syria and that the Assad regime was the likely culprit . In April , the head of the Israeli military 's intelligence research said the Syrian government is using chemical weapons against rebel forces . President Obama said "  intelligence assessments alone are not sufficient " in guiding its assessments on chemical weapon use in Syria . "  We are working through other means to try to build on the evidence that we already have of chemical weapons use to assert in a concrete and firm way the chain of custody , when chemical weapons were used , by whom , and the full consequences of that use , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday . READ MORE : 42 Syrian soldiers dead in reported Israeli strike , opposition group says Amid violence , Syrian Internet connections go down At least 128 people were killed in violence across the country on Tuesday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported . Amid the reported violence , Internet connections across Syria went down Tuesday night , according to several global monitoring sites . Google reported that its services became inaccessible in Syria around 9:45 p.m.  2:45 p.m. ET  . The Renesys , Akamai and BGPmon Internet tracking companies also reported the loss of Syrian Internet connectivity at that time . Opposition activists reported widespread power and Internet outages in Damascus and throughout the country , warning that the communications cutoff could be an ominous sign . A regional conflict The conflict in Syria , which began in March 2011 when the regime cracked down on peaceful protesters , has morphed into a civil war with sectarian overtones . The war has pitted rebel fighters against the Assad regime , a government dominated by the minority Alawites , who represent an offshoot of Shiite Islam . Sunnis , who make up a majority of the Syrian population , are dominant in the opposition . Syria is believed to be the main conduit to the Shiite militia Hezbollah in Lebanon , the proxy through which Iran , a predominantly Shiite nation , can threaten Israel with an arsenal of short-range missiles . In 2009 , the top U.S. diplomat in Damascus disclosed that Syria had begun delivery of ballistic missiles to Hezbollah , according to official cables leaked to and published by WikiLeaks . The last thing Iran wants is a Sunni-dominated Syria -- especially as the Syrian rebels ' main supporters are Iran 's Persian Gulf rivals : Qatar and Saudi Arabia . Hezbollah 's feared scenario is Israel on one side and a hostile Sunni-led Syria on the other . Kerry talks about Syria in Russia U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday he hopes Russia and the United States can find "  common ground " on Syria . Kerry was in Russia for talks . Moscow and Washington have had profound differences over how to address the crisis . Russia , a longtime friend of Syria , has supported the regime during the conflict . The United States wants al-Assad to step aside . "  We really believe , the United States believes , that we share some very significant common interests with respect to Syria -- stability in the region , not having extremists creating problems throughout the region and elsewhere -- and I think we have both embraced in the Geneva communique a common approach . So it 's my hope that today we 'll be able to dig into that a little bit and see if we can find the common ground , " Kerry said , according to a draft transcript of a meeting released by the State Department . The Geneva plan was proposed last year for negotiations between members of the opposition and the Syrian regime . The United States , Russia , and European and Middle Eastern nations have signed on to the plan . READ MORE : Analyst : Syrian hostilities bring Middle East catastrophe closer CNN 's Gul Tuysuz , Joe Sterling and Jessica King contributed to this report .	NEW : Internet connections go down across Syria , according to monitoring sites Armed group detains four U.N. peacekeepers in Syria near Israeli-held Golan Heights Recep Tayyip Erdogan says air attacks gave the "  illegitimate Syrian regime " an opportunity Official : Israel is concerned about Syria transferring weapons to Hezbollah militants
CNN  -- On Monday afternoon , something called Kidz Bop was trending on Twitter . I had never heard of it , but was instantly amused by the word "  Bop . " You see , when I was a kid , Nana lived with us at home in Arizona and she used to wield a giant cardboard wrapping paper roll that we affectionately called her Bopper . When our Great Dane , Shane , would annoy her , she 'd promptly try to beat the crap out of him . And he loved it . But Kidz Bop appeared to be far less amusing than Nana 's cardboard bludgeoning stick . As one Twitterererer put it : "  Kidz Bop can go die in a hole . " Whatever this Kidz Bop was people were n't happy , and I quickly pieced together from the cascade of angry tweets that it was a compilation children 's music series that had just aired a rather annoying commercial on Nickelodeon for its new upcoming release , "  Kidz Bop 22 . " Which suggests , perhaps , that somewhere in America there 's a parent who owns the other 21 disks and is slowly being talked off a ledge . "  Ma'am , it 's going to be OK . We brought you some Zeppelin . " The Kidz Bop people tout their CDs as "  today 's biggest hits sung by kids for kids , " and this particular volume contains remakes of 16 pop songs that I 've absolutely never heard . Sure , you may say I 'm old and unhip and completely out of touch , but , really , I just spend a lot of time watching "  Matlock . " Anyway , one song in particular on the new album that seemed to be immediately tugging at the gag reflex of most people on Twitter was the Kidz Bop remake of "  Call Me Maybe " by Carly Rae Jepsen who , in 2007 , finished third on "  Canadian Idol . " Which is exactly the same as "  American Idol , " except all the contestants have to sing while riding a moose . The chorus of Jepsen 's song goes : "  Hey , I just met you . And this is crazy . But here 's my number . So call me , maybe . " Moral : "  Hey kids ... talk to strangers ! " Now , while I totally understand people finding this song annoying , especially sung by children , I have to admit that , sadly , it 's also catchy as hell . And much better than my standard pickup line : "  So , you ride Greyhound often ? " A while back , Justin Bieber actually praised "  Call Me Maybe " on Twitter , which instantly made it popular , spawning video lip dub remakes by everyone from Katy Perry to the Harvard baseball team . And now it 's immortalized on "  Kidz Bop 22 . " You 're welcome . The Kidz Bop music series is targeted to children aged 5 to 12 , and , according to its website , has sold more than 11 million CDs . But I was curious as to just how "  safe " they were making these songs . Thus , I went all the way back to the beginning , the original Kidz Bop , and decided to examine their remake of Ricky Martin 's "  Livin ' La Vida Loca . " I figured it would be a good test subject since , so far as I can tell , the song is basically about being drugged and taken advantage of by a sexy Latin hooker . Which , coincidentally , is also No. 32 on my bucket list . So , I purchased the Kidz Bop version off iTunes and found that , at least for this one song , not a single lyric had been changed : "  Woke up in New York City in a funky cheap hotel / She took my heart and she took my money / She must 've slipped me a sleepin ' pill . " See ? This is why I have a dog . Because I have no idea how to explain "  Livin ' La Vida Loca " to a child . "  Look , sweetheart , it 's complicated . So your mom and I rented you "  Deuce Bigalow . " Close enough . Hey , at least I actually know "  Livin ' La Vida Loca . " At the moment , all of my co-workers are making fun of me for just now learning about "  Call Me Maybe . " And I could n't be more proud . So , if you need me , I 'll be at my desk listening to Zeppelin . Or maybe watching "  Matlock . "	In this week 's "  Apparently This Matters , " Jarrett Bellini takes on Kidz Bop The kiddie music series was trending on Twitter after an ad aired on Nickelodeon What 's new ? Kids now warble Carly Rae Jepsen 's "  Call Me Maybe " In summation : Kidz Bop is no "  Houses of the Holy "
CNN  -- Alabama prosecutors will seek the death penalty against a grandmother who authorities say forced her granddaughter to run as punishment for eating chocolate , an official said Tuesday . Joyce Garrard , 46 , is facing a capital murder charge in her granddaughter 's death , said Heather Rickles , a spokeswoman for the District Attorney 's Office in Etowah County , Alabama . Authorities say Savannah Hardin died last month after her grandmother and stepmother forced her to run around the family 's house for three hours as punishment for lying about taking a chocolate candy bar . A grand jury also indicted stepmother Jessica Mae Hardin , 27 , on a felony murder charge , Rickles said . That means she will not face the death penalty if convicted . Dani Bone , an attorney representing Garrard , told CNN affiliate WBRC that the allegations were false . "  I think it makes for good newspapers , it makes for good television . It think it 's absolutely unfair to this family who again have lost a child , a grandchild and now they have two family members who were falsely accused and wrongly incarcerated , " Bone said . Last month , attorneys for Hardin said she was devastated by her stepdaughter 's death , and urged the public to disregard rumors and assumptions . "  Unfortunately , whenever a child passes , our society wants to place blame , our media wants to sensationalize and our elected officials want to make grandiose statements that are not based on facts , " attorneys Morgan Cunningham and Vincent Pentecost said in a statement . Authorities said the girl had a bladder condition that could have been worsened by eating the candy , according to WBRC . "  It is alleged that the grandmother was out in the yard with Savannah , and she was encouraging her with the words , ` Move it ! Move it ! Move it ! ' -- much like a drill sergeant , " Natalie Barton , spokeswoman for the Etowah County Sheriff 's Office , told CNN last month . At one point , prosecutors say Savannah was crawling , crying and begging to stop , WBRC reported . Barton told HLN 's Nancy Grace , "  That young body simply could not take it . That is child abuse .  Garrard  overstepped  the  line . " At about 6:45 p.m. that day , Hardin called 911 and said Savannah had suffered a seizure and was unresponsive , Etowah County Sheriff Todd Entrekin said in a news release . Savannah died last month at Children 's Hospital in Birmingham . A state pathologist ruled her death a homicide . "  Preliminary reports show Savannah was extremely dehydrated and had a very low sodium level , " the release said . Several people had seen the third-grade student at Carlisle Elementary School outside in her yard running , but at first they did n't suspect anything , said Barton . "  In the initial reaction , who thinks that it 's a punishment when you see a 9-year-old out in the front yard running ? " the spokeswoman said . "  It was a beautiful day here that day , she was probably just simply outside playing . "  Neighbors  did n't start putting two and two together until they saw the medics arrive at the house . " Marcus Reid , assistant district attorney in Etowah County , called Savannah 's death "  one of the most serious cases we 've ever had . " "  We 've had too many children die because parents and stepparents and people responsible for them do n't do what they should do , " he said last month .	9-year-old Savannah Hardin died after she was forced to run for eating chocolate Spokeswoman : Grandmother Joyce Garrard , 46 , faces a capital murder charge A grand jury indicts the girl 's stepmother on a felony murder charge An attorney says the women are "  falsely accused and wrongly incarcerated "
CNN  -- The announcement by senior Nigerian military and government officials that an agreement has been reached with Boko Haram for the release of more than 200 kidnapped Chibok girls is welcome , although it has understandably been greeted with considerable caution . And news that a ceasefire has also been agreed , and that further negotiations will take place , is another positive development . But this is a case when we will actually need to see the girls emerging from their six-month confinement before we can truly believe . After all , it was only recently that it was announced that Abubakar Shekau , reputed leader of the jihadist group , had supposedly been killed ... again . Yet Shekau , or someone proclaiming to be him , probably lives on in a country where much political , economic and now military affairs take place in the shadows . The problem with establishing what is really going on in Nigeria , and with Boko Haram specifically , is that after five years of warfare and many casualties , there is much that is still uncertain about the group . Indeed , it appears to be both an actual organization and a brand name for banditry . Early reports have claimed that the meetings that resulted in the alleged agreement with Boko Haram took place in Ndjamena , the capital of neighboring Chad , which itself is firmly under the control of an autocratic government . But it is difficult to know for sure what is going on in Nigeria , a place where a significant part of business is conducted by a shadowy combination of political , military , and business individuals . And this is creating even bigger problems for Nigeria than the national and global demands for the girls ' rescue . For a start , it has been unclear how Boko Haram is financed -- and how much assistance it might be receiving from disaffected members of the northern Nigerian elite , as well as those holding government positions at the federal and state levels . "  Underground " campaigns involving the use of armed thugs have been a staple feature of Nigerian party politics for decades , and international human rights groups have noted a "  dirty war " conducted by soldiers and government-financed militias . These abuses , combined with the dysfunction of the armed forces , complicate external assistance . The problem for Nigeria is that although the jihadists will eventually almost certainly be crushed , as were the secessionists in Nigeria 's civil war , the clock is ticking on a greater threat to the Nigerian nation , namely popular protests in northern Nigeria following February 's presidential poll , which President Goodluck Jonathan is certain to contest . Boko Haram is a militant , cultist variant of Islamism , and it continues to challenge the secular Nigerian state . Its campaign has tapped into widespread disaffection in the northern region of at least 80 million people , which has been in decline even as the rest of the country experiences economic growth . This is the backdrop to the unfolding drama of the kidnapped girls , who themselves have become pawns in a multilayered drama . If the negotiations announced Friday are genuine , Boko Haram -- which has muscled its way onto the global stage by mimicking jihadist declarations and terrorist actions of others , including the use of suicide bombers -- can command a high price for their release . While the group is still largely a Nigerian phenomenon , and although such militant groups have previously been overwhelmed by the brutal force for which Nigerian soldiers and police are known , Boko Haram is more tenacious and resilient than its predecessors . Moreover , it is now fortified by a powerful global jihadist ideology . So , how should the Nigerian government respond ? Friday 's announcement suggests that the Chibok girls are alive and well ; and a rational course for Boko Haram would be to negotiate an amnesty with the government , following the example of the Delta insurgents . But the announcement , if it can be believed , has implications that stretch beyond these girls ' fortunes . Indeed , the campaign for the Nigerian presidency has effectively merged with the campaign to defeat Boko Haram . This means that if the government is successful in brokering a lasting ceasefire with Boko Haram and bringing home these girls , Goodluck Jonathan would undoubtedly get a significant boost in his reelection efforts . With a multi-billion government trough at his disposal , it would be hard to bet against him come February . But the way this "  deal " unfolds will have significant implications for his electoral chances and the peace and political stability of Africa 's largest nation .	Boko Haram has reportedly agreed to free more than 200 schoolgirls who were kidnapped earlier this year Boko Haram has muscled its way onto global stage by mimicking terrorist actions of others , Richard Joseph says President Goodluck Jonathan would benefit politically from any deal , he says
CNN  -- Uruguay striker Diego Forlan has won the FIFA Golden Ball award for the top player of the 2010 World Cup after inspiring his country to its best performance at the global showpiece in 40 years . Forlan , who plays for Spanish club Atletico Madrid , scored five goals as Uruguay reached the semifinals in South Africa . The 1930 and 1950 World Cup winners finished in fourth place after losing Saturday 's playoff against Germany . Forlan polled 23.4 percent of votes cast by journalists covering the World Cup , to finish ahead of Dutch playmaker Wesley Sneijder  21.8 percent  and Spain striker David Villa  16.9 %  . "  It 's as great as it is unexpected , " Forlan told governing body FIFA 's website , revealing that his teammates reacted to his award by throwing him in the hotel swimming pool . "  I never even imagined something like this , nor did I have my sights set on it . I 'm enjoying it and I 'm delighted but I 'm very aware that it 's the result of the spectacular tournament the team has had . " Forlan ended a disappointing spell with England 's Manchester United in 2005 to move to Spain , where he has twice finished as the league 's top scorer . He became the 2010 World Cup 's joint leading scorer with a spectacular volley on Saturday before striking the bar from a free-kick in the dying moments of Germany 's 3-2 victory . Forlan 's tally of five goals left him level with Sneijder , Villa and Thomas Muller , but the German forward claimed the Golden Boot award because he racked up a higher number of assists  three  than the others . Muller , 20 , who was instrumental in Germany 's 4-1 demolition of England and the 4-0 thrashing of Argentina , was also voted the tournament 's best young player . He was suspended for the semifinal as Germany lost 1-0 to Spain but returned to score his fifth goal of the competition in the third-place playoff . As well as the World Cup trophy , Spain will also fly home on Monday with the FIFA Fair Play Award after collecting only eight yellow cards in the tournament . Spain 's Iker Casillas was awarded the Golden Glove prize for the best goalkeeper after conceding just two goals in the tournament .	Uruguay 's Diego Forlan wins Golden Ball award for World Cup 's best player Forlan scores five goals as Uruguay reach semifinals for first time in 40 years Germany 's Thomas Muller wins Golden Boot award for five goals and three assists Spain take FIFA Fair Play prize and Iker Casillas named best goalkeeper
London , England  CNN  -- Stepping on the London subway train five years ago , the thirtysomething marketing manager never imagined her morning commute might eventually lead to the Paralympic Games . Now , that 's exactly where Britain 's Martine Wright is setting her sights . Wright lost both legs when a suicide bomber blew himself up on a subway train near London 's Aldgate station on the morning of July 7 , 2005 . She also suffered a fractured skull and severe arm injuries . Though she was one of the most seriously hurt that day , Wright is now aiming for a spot on the British Paralympic volleyball team in 2012 . "  I would love , absolutely love , to be part of the Paralympics in 2012 , " Wright told CNN affiliate ITN last month . "  I mean , if you had said that to me five years ago , I would have thought that you were absolutely mad . But to go back to London , where I was born , and to do something so positive -- after I left on such a negative -- would be absolutely amazing . " Four bombs were set off that day in July , on three subway trains and a bus . Fifty-six people were killed , including the four bombers , and more than 770 were wounded . The bombings happened the day after the International Olympic Committee announced London would be hosting the Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2012 . Wright said she made a promise to herself and her family after the attacks to "  grab every single opportunity " that she could . "  I think I 've done more now than what I did before , " she told ITN . "  I 've learned to fly planes , and I 've jumped out of a plane , learned to ski again . " She competed for -- and won -- a place on Britain 's sitting volleyball squad . The British Volleyball Federation announced her place on the team last month , and this week the team is competing at the 2010 Sitting Volleyball World Championships in the U.S. state of Oklahoma . Some 640 athletes from 20 countries are taking part in the event , the biggest major international competition before London 2012 , according to Lisa Wainwright , chief executive of Volleyball England , the sport 's national governing body . John Bestebroer , the head coach of the women 's team , calls the championships "  a great training opportunity for 2012 . " Sitting volleyball is a version of the sport that allows anyone to participate , including those with a disability . The men 's event has been part of the Paralympics since 1980 and the women 's since 2004 , according to British Volleyball . International volleyball rules apply in the sitting version , with certain amendments for disabled players : During play , a player must touch the court with some body part between the buttocks and the shoulders , and players are allowed to block serves . Also , sitting volleyball is played on a smaller court with a lower net . Wright told London 's Evening Standard that the 2012 Games will have an added poignancy because her last real memory before the bombings was celebrating with colleagues when London was chosen to host the Olympics . She was the last person pulled from the station that day , and Wright said she feels she 's one of the lucky ones . "  Even on your darkest days , there will always be someone that 's worse than you are , unfortunately , " Wright told ITN . "  There were 52 people that day who were definitely worse than me , 'cause I 'm still here . "	The July 7 bombings in 2005 killed 56 people , including four suicide bombers Martine Wright lost both legs and suffered severe arm injuries following blast on a subway train Wright is now aiming for a spot on the British Paralympic volleyball team in 2012 Bombings came one day after London was announced as the host for the 2012 Paralympic Games
CNN  -- Zora O'Neill is heading to the Middle East next week . O'Neill , a longtime traveler and author of an upcoming Lonely Planet book on Egypt , is not dissuaded by the evacuation of the U.S. and British embassies in Syria , rumblings of possible Israeli airstrikes against Iran or rioting in Cairo . And it 's not because she 's reckless . She 's heading to the United Arab Emirates and Oman for a month 's stay to report on a book about Arab language and culture in the Middle East . After her work there , she 'll head to Lebanon for more reporting . "  They 're totally out of the fray , " O'Neill says . "  Americans tend to think about the Middle East as all one big country , but each place is distinct and has its own issues . " With violence in Syria and Egypt escalating and a new travel warning for Syria issued Tuesday , nervous American travelers will likely choose to avoid the entire Middle East right now . However , Middle East travel experts say that plenty of the region 's diverse destinations are still open for business and welcoming foreign visitors . Know your tolerance level Do n't go if you 're a worrywart and ca n't enjoy your trip . Knowing there are no guarantees , travelers who get nervous when a car backfires may not enjoy the Middle East . "  If you want to live life at the fullest , you have to take chances , " says Worldview Travel founder Ricci Zukerman , whether it 's traveling to Israel or Bali or the Philippines . "  Those who are afraid have to stay home and hope a plane does n't fall on their house . " Consider a country that 's calm , such as the United Arab Emirates or Oman , where travel agent Lindsey Wallace continues to send clients . "  We 're sending lots of clients who switched their plans from Egypt and still want to go to the desert and have fun , " says Wallace , president of Linara Travel in Eagle , Idaho . "  Those two destinations are largely unaffected  from the recent unrest  or have even benefited from it . " In addition to Oman , the United Arab Emirates and Lebanon , countries such as Jordan and Israel are relatively safe right now .  Morocco , though not part of the Middle East , is an Arabic-speaking nation and suffers from reduced tourism when there are difficulties in the Middle East . It is also considered safe for travel . Israel is famous for not being loved by its neighbors , which means travelers there can expect a heightened state of security at all times , Zukerman says . From the time your bags are checked at the airport to guards checking your car at your hotel , everyone 's senses are heightened . That can make travel there safer because everyone knows to call police when he sees a suspicious package or unusual gathering of people . "  If your guide says do n't go to Bethlehem today , do n't be a smart guy and go anyway , " Zukerman says . "  Do n't go . Most of the time it 's a false alarm and that 's OK . " The payoff of visiting one of the world 's holiest places is worth the heightened security , she says . "  Jews come to see where it all started and Christians to feel holy , " she says . "  I hear the same thing over and over when people come home . ` I 'm not the same person . It was a life-changing experience . ' It 's worth the little bit of insecurity . " Safe does n't mean easy Whether you 're going to Egypt to explore the pyramids without competition from other tourists or prefer to talk to locals about the emergence of democracy , O'Neill says it 's possible to avoid that country 's trouble spots . Traveling there last fall during the uprisings , she found herself sharing the pyramids with a scattering of Chinese and Egyptian tourists instead of the usual overwhelming crowds . "  If you want to check out some serious archaeological , ancient stuff , it 's a great opportunity to be in the middle of history , " she says . Though violent protests continue in Egypt , O'Neill says most of Cairo is safe , as long as you do n't get near the demonstrations . That means people wanting to travel to Cairo right now need to know the layout of the city more than those flying directly to Luxor to see King Tut 's tomb . Or they need to hire a reputable tour operator who knows where to take them . Even without unrest , independent travel is a constant negotiation . Gone are the days when you could walk the streets of Cairo without concern for your wallet . Pickpockets are out and about , and O'Neill had a hard time avoiding vendors trying to sell her mini-replicas of alabaster pyramids and books about Nefertiti . "  People are always wanting to sell you stuff , and that 's true no matter when you go , " she says . That 's why travel agent Malaka Hilton prefers to have control of her guests ' entire travel package from start to finish , knowing they 'll be with guides and drivers she trusts . Hilton , an Egypt specialist who owns Admiral Travel International in Sarasota , Florida , is still booking clients to the Middle East , alerting them that they 'll see bomb-sniffing dogs at hotels , armed guards and other security measures . If you are visiting a conservative religious country or section of the country , be aware of cultural norms and dress modestly . Do n't be fooled by locals wearing Western-style clothing . It may be Western design but still modest in its coverage . Ask your travel agent about exceptions to the rule for beach resorts . "  I do tell people from a dress code standard to be respectful of the religion , " Hilton says . "  Do n't show shoulders and do n't wear short shorts . You do n't want the men or women to stare at you . " Government travel warnings Make sure you review and discuss relevant safety warnings with travel providers as you 're booking a trip to the Middle East . The U.S. State Department lists its travel warnings online . The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office offers detailed information and advice about threats to traveler safety in the region on its website .	Clashes in Syria and Egypt have some travelers worried about the entire region Countries such as Oman and the United Arab Emirates are safe and calm , experts say Some agents set clients up with trusted guides and drivers for extra security The Mideast region may not be a good fit for nervous travelers , travel agents say
He talked a good game of acting on his own if necessary , calling for 2014 to be a "  year of action , but President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address showed he knows that true progress depends on cooperation with a divided and recalcitrant Congress . "  Sometimes we stumble ; we make mistakes ; we get frustrated or discouraged , " he said near the end of the more than hour-long speech , seeming to describe his bad 2013 that lowered his approval ratings . "  But for more than 200 years , we have put those things aside and placed our collective shoulder to the wheel of progress . " It was vintage Obama , blending hopeful calls for a unified approach with declarations of presidential independence through executive orders . There were the now familiar calls to recalibrate the tax code , spend more to rebuild roads and bridges , bolster education and avoid war if at all possible . He brought many to tears with a tribute to Sgt. First Class Cory Remsburg , a disabled war veteran who sat next to first lady Michelle Obama and waved with wounded limbs to a prolonged standing ovation . Even Republicans relentlessly critical of the President conceded his oratorical skill . "  A speech by Barack Obama is a lot like sex , " said GOP strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos . "  The worst there ever was is still excellent . " According to a snap CNN/ORC International poll , 44 % of respondents had a "  very positive " response to Obama 's speech , while 32 % described a "  somewhat positive " response and 22 % did n't like it at all . Last year , 53 % of respondents in a similar poll rated their response to the 2013 address as very positive . The underlying theme of Obama 's fifth State of the Union address was his call on Tuesday for the government to work on behalf of all Americans in 2014 , and his pledge to do so even if Congress refused to join him in an election year . "  Let 's make this a year of action , " Obama said . "  That 's what most Americans want -- for all of us in this chamber to focus on their lives , their hopes , their aspirations . " It 's an optimistic goal for a President with a 43 % approval rating entering his sixth year in office and facing a determined opposition in the Republican-led House of Representatives with congressional elections looming in November . Search the transcript of Obama 's speech "  What I offer tonight is a set of concrete , practical proposals to speed up growth , strengthen the middle class , and build new ladders of opportunity into the middle class , " Obama said . "  Some require congressional action , and I 'm eager to work with all of you . But America does not stand still , and neither will I. " On issue after issue , he invited Congress to work with him but said he also would go it alone . Obama called for more government support to rebuild the nation 's infrastructure , but also said that "  I will act on my own to slash bureaucracy and streamline the permitting process for key projects , so we can get more construction workers on the job as fast as possible . " The President also promised an executive order to raise the minimum wage for some government contract workers . While the action is relatively narrow and affects less than half a million people , Obama urged Congress to follow suit for all low-wage workers in America . Earlier Tuesday , House Speaker John Boehner chafed at such unilateral action , telling reporters that Republicans are "  just not going to sit here and let the President trample all over us . " In the official Republican response , Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington complained that Obama 's policies "  are making people 's lives harder . " "  We hope the President will join us in a year of real action -- by empowering people -- not by making their lives harder with unprecedented spending , higher taxes , and fewer jobs , " she said . One area of possible progress is immigration reform . Obama got a long ovation when he urged Republicans in the House to join Democrats in passing a Senate plan that got bipartisan support . McMorris Rodgers also brought up the issue backed by some Republicans as a way to bolster their weak support among Hispanic Americans , the nation 's largest minority demographic . "  We 're working on a step-by-step solution to immigration reform by first securing our borders and making sure America will always attract the best , brightest , and hardest working from around the world , " she said in describing the more limited GOP approach to the comprehensive Senate measure that includes a path to legal status for immigrants living illegally in the country . On another major reform issue , Obama chided Republicans for trying to undermine his signature health care law that passed in 2010 without GOP support . He cited the millions of people helped by the reforms that ended denial of coverage for pre-existing conditions among its benefits . "  The American people are n't interested in refighting old battles , " Obama said . "  Let 's not have another 40-something votes to repeal a law that 's already helping millions of Americans . ... The first 40 were plenty . ... We all owe it to the American people to say what we 're for , not just what we 're against . " In her response , though , McMorris Rodgers continued the GOP attack line on the health care reforms as big government run amok and causing harm to people by raising costs and limiting their personal choices of doctors and medical treatment . This year 's State of the Union is a defining test for Obama The CNN/ORC poll indicated 59 % of respondents thought Obama 's policies as presented in the speech would help the economy , a lower figure than in recent years . Obama said he will order the U.S. Treasury to create a new federal retirement savings account called MyRA , a savings bond that would guarantee "  a decent return with no risk of losing what you put in . " It will be available to those whose jobs do n't offer traditional retirement savings programs , he said . Additionally , Obama called for : -- Eliminating $ 4 billion in tax subsidies for the fossil fuel industries "  that do n't need it " and instead "  invest more in fuels of the future . " -- Equal pay for women , noting they make 77 cents for each dollar a man earns , which he called "  wrong " and "  an embarrassment " to prompt loud and long applause . -- Setting new fuel standards for American trucks to help reduce U.S. oil imports "  and what we pay at the pump . " -- Reworking the corporate tax code . He urged Congress to work with him to close "  wasteful , complicated loopholes that punish businesses investing here " and instead "  lower tax rates for businesses that create jobs right here at home . " -- Congress to lift restrictions on transferring detainees from Guantanamo Bay so the prison cna be closed in 2014 . Obama also reiterated that he will veto any new sanctions bill from Congress that would derail talks on preventing Iran from developing a nuclear weapon , adding that "  for the sake of our national security , we must give diplomacy a chance to succeed . " Brazile : Obama 's message : A dysfunctional Congress , but we 'll get it done anyway Even as he cited a growing economy and increasing corporate profits , Obama said average wages have been flat . Along with his order raising the minimum wage for workers on federal contracts , Obama asked Congress to get on board with a Democratic proposal to raise the federal minimum to $ 10.10 per hour . Republicans largely oppose any federal increase , saying it will place a burden on employers . "  This is definitely the President 's agenda and has been for some time now , " said CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley , who added it was hard to see how Republicans would respond any differently than before and therefore , it was hard to see big things happening in 2014 . John Edwards says Dems should do more on poverty	Republicans say President Obama is offering the same policies that have n't worked Analysts agree it was a good speech , even if they disagree on the message In emotional moment , Obama lauds wounded war veteran Obama calls on the GOP to stop re-fighting Obamacare battles
London  CNN  -- Six months ago , a winning ticket was bought for the Euromillions lottery draw in or near the English town of Stevenage , north of London . But the jackpot -- a sizable # 63.8 million  $ 103 million  -- has never been claimed . And whoever holds the golden ticket has only until 11 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  Wednesday to claim their prize , or the whole sum will go to charity . The search for the unknown winner has gripped the centuries-old town of 84,000 , as well as the smaller neighboring town of Hitchin . Euromillions , which said the ticket was bought in the Stevenage and Hitchin area , has made repeated appeals to try to find the missing ticket-holder . A billboard campaign has even been run in a central square in Hitchin , an old market town . Whoever it was matched all five numbers , 5 , 11 , 22 , 34 and 40 , and the Lucky Star numbers -- 9 and 11 -- in the Friday , June 8 , draw . A Euromillions press statement attempts to jog the memory of the ticket holder , who it suggests may have come from the area or stopped off while driving through . "  Britain was gripped by Olympics fever , with the Games just seven weeks away , and the Queen 's birthday celebrations had seen the Royal Flotilla on the River Thames just the weekend before , " it says . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	The winning ticket was bought in the Stevenage and Hitchin area , north of London The ticket-holder has only hours left to claim a $ 103 million jackpot The money will go to charitable causes if left unclaimed The draw was made on June 8 , soon after Queen Elizabeth II 's diamond jubilee celebrations
CNN  -- Every third Monday in January we gather as Americans to commemorate the values and beliefs -- as well as the ultimate sacrifice -- of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. . His tireless advocacy for civil rights , equal protection under the law , labor rights , and for the ultimate realization of our essential creed that we are "  one nation , endowed by our Creator with certain unalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness " is taught in every school in America , and is now enshrined in a memorial on the National Mall . Dr. King believed so strongly not only in these values , but also in the moral imperative to heed the "  fierce urgency of now . " He knew that in the face of injustice no moral man or woman can stay silent -- and he paid for it with his life . He was a "  drum major for justice " He inspired us -- not just with his eloquent sermons , rich in purpose ; or his speeches , inspiring and provocative -- but he challenged us with his dream , his daring imagination : to see an America where all of God 's children would be equal ; all of God 's children would have a seat at the table . Dr. King , along with other men and women of his generation did not just see the barriers . They believed in the opportunities that could be realized if we could just move beyond racial inequality and injustice . He truly believed that we had to "  take the first step in faith , even when you do n't see the whole staircase . " Just take the first step . I 've written and spoken about Dr. King many times , but this year , one area of his crusade seems particularly worthy of remembrance : the fight for the ballot . Prior to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , African-Americans and many others faced regular and malicious restrictions to the free exercise of their constitutionally protected right to vote , especially in my native South . Literacy tests , poll taxes , and grandfather clauses : many insidious techniques were used by certain states to restrict , confuse , and write off , marginalize and disenfranchise so many eligible citizens from voting simply because of the color of their skin . Southern governors and those in Washington comfortable with the status quo hid behind arguments about "  states rights . " Yet these laws were little more than legislated racism and all knew the real goal behind their unequal effects . In a 1957 speech titled "  Give Us The Ballot , " Dr. King spoke plainly about the imperative of equal voting rights . "  So long as I do not firmly and irrevocably possess the right to vote I do not possess myself . I can not make up my mind  $ " it is made up for me . I can not live as a democratic citizen , observing the laws I have helped to enact  $ " I can only submit to the edict of others . " For Dr. King , the right to vote was sacrosanct and foundational . It is the very essence of our social contract . Free elections create legitimacy . They imply the consent of the governed . He knew that unfair elections laws did not just hurt minorities or the working poor , they rendered hollow the very essence of American government . It 's a message that 's as true today as it was then . The 47-year old Voting Rights Act has stood the test of time , but there are new obstacles to the ballot springing up in today 's America . Around the country , conservatives in state legislatures are attempting to put fresh roadblocks in the path of this most basic right . The latest vogue in anti-suffrage legislation is mandatory photo ID laws . From Tennessee to Texas , from Wisconsin to Pennsylvania , conservative Republicans and their allies are implementing laws that undermine , even flout , the Voting Rights Act . The Justice Department has begun to challenge these laws , opposing new efforts in South Carolina and Florida . Laws in other states that have deep histories of discrimination , such as Texas and Mississippi , are also being examined . But many states , refusing to pass neutrally applicable laws , have vowed instead to sue the federal government in court . These laws disproportionately impact minority communities -- groups much more likely than white voters to lack photo identification for reasons as simple as the fact that they may not own a car and use the city bus to get to work . According a study published in 2006 by the Brennan Center for Justice at the New York University School of Law , as many as 23 million American citizens -- that 's 11 % of those of voting age -- lack the government-issued photo ID many of these laws demand . Keep in mind , this is not just a racial issue . Older Americans are less likely to have these IDs , as are lower-income Americans . College students , who already face challenges based on their seasonal residency , will face an even greater burden than they did previously . Dr. King demanded that all Americans be given the ballot . We must demand today that we keep it . Demand to keep the ballot because our laws must be made by all of us . Demand to keep the ballot because an election where 23 million ca n't vote is an election that undermines democracy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Martin Luther King Jr. knew it was immoral to be silent in the face of injustice She says he believed that the right to vote was fundamental to equality in a democracy Legislation in the 1960s finally secured voting rights for African Americans , Brazile says She says many Americans may see their voting rights threatened by photo ID laws
Amsterdam  CNN  -- On November 2 , 2004 , Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh was bicycling to work in Amsterdam when he was shot eight times at close range . He died instantly , but in a fit of rage , his assailant , Dutch-Moroccan Mohammed Bouyeri , also attempted to cut off his head with a machete . Bouyeri killed van Gogh because of a short film he had recently produced with Somali-born Dutch politician Ayaan Hirsi Ali that criticized Islam 's treatment of women . The film showed verses of the Quran projected onto the bodies of several naked young women . It was a film designed to provoke . And it did . Ali subsequently went into a self-imposed exile in the United States . News : Six things to know about the attack Now , seven years later , a short , amateurish film entitled "  Innocence of Muslims , " purportedly created by Sam Bacile in the U.S. , portrays the Prophet Mohammed as a philandering child molester .  "  Sam Bacile " appears to be a pseudonym . Terry Jones , a Christian pastor based in Florida who has a long history of making incendiary statements about Islam , is promoting "  Innocence of Muslims . " Jones also recently called for an "  International Judge Mohammed Day " to be held on the 11th anniversary of 9/11 , this past Tuesday . News about the film has sparked outrage in the Muslim world . Mobs have attacked American embassies and consulates in Egypt , Libya and Yemen . The U.S. ambassador to Libya , J. Christopher Stevens , and three of his staff members were killed in what appears to have been a well-organized attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi on Tuesday . The attackers may have used the opportunity presented by the film protests to mount the assault . These attacks came after the accidental burning of Qurans by U.S. soldiers at Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan in February sparked massive protests across the country , resulting in the deaths of at least 30 Afghans and six U.S. soldiers , all of whom were shot by men in Afghan security force uniforms . Opinion : Survivor of 1979 consulate attack -- Libya an eerie echo And these are just the latest in a series of violent reactions to the perceived disrespect of the prophet and the Quran by Westerners -- sometimes intentional and sometimes unintentional -- that , in an increasingly globalized world of almost instantaneous communication , has intensified significantly during the past several years . And Muslim extremists as well as Christian fundamentalists in the West have increasingly intentionally amplified this trend . Politicians and the media in the Muslim world have also played an important , though perhaps unintended , role in stirring up violence in the wake of a number of these perceived attacks on Islam . A YouTube video of "  Innocence of Muslims " that provoked the Libyan mob to attack the U.S. consulate in Benghazi was initially published in July , but it was not until versions of it dubbed in Arabic appeared online and were broadcast by religious Egyptian news channel al-Nas that protests sprouted in Egypt . A May 2005 Newsweek article claiming that American soldiers at Guantanamo had flushed a copy of the Quran down the toilet went unnoticed for nearly a week before Pakistani politician Imran Khan pointed the article out in a news conference . More than a dozen people were subsequently killed during protests in Afghanistan .  Newsweek later retracted the story . Similarly , when Jones burned a copy of the Quran at his church on March 20 , 2011 , two weeks went by without any incident . But then President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan made a speech calling for his arrest . Within 24 hours , protesters stormed the United Nations compound in Mazar-e Sharif in northern Afghanistan , killing seven foreign employees , and demonstrations across the country killed more than a dozen other people . In 2005 , the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten published 12 cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed , setting off a wave of protests and attacks over the next several years in which as many as 200 people have been killed . In 2008 , for instance , al Qaeda claimed responsibility for the bombing of the Danish Embassy in Islamabad , which killed a half-dozen bystanders , saying the powerful suicide car bomb was in retaliation for the offensive cartoons . Two years later , Kurt Westergaard , one of the cartoonists , barely escaped from a Somali man linked to Al-Shabaab , al Qaeda 's Somali affiliate , who broke into the cartoonist 's home in Denmark with a knife and ax . But the violence sparked by the Jyllands-Posten cartoons , one of which depicted the Prophet Mohammed with a turban-wrapped bomb on his head , began a full four months after the images were published by the newspaper and were the result of a carefully orchestrated campaign by two Danish Muslim clerics who toured the Middle East , presenting a dossier about the cartoons to important religious and political figures . Opinion : Libya killings show U.S. at risk in Arab world Included in the dossier were cartoons that had never appeared in the Jyllands-Posten newspaper , showing offensive images of the Prophet Mohammed . As a result , entering the Jyllands-Posten newspaper in Copenhagen today is akin to visiting a prison , with a heavily barred set of metal gates securing entrance to the building . And just as author Salman Rushdie remains under threat decades after the 1989 fatwa against him for his novel "  The Satanic Verses , " so too the threat against Jyllands-Posten is likely to endure for many years . On Wednesday , Karzai released a public statement strongly condemning the recent "  criminal act . " This was not a reference to the assault on the U.S. consulate in Libya a day earlier that resulted in the four deaths there but to the release of "  Innocence of Muslims , " the video that denigrates the Prophet Mohammed . News : Unanswered questions after the attack Karzai did express his condolences about the deaths at the Libyan consulate when he spoke privately to President Obama . However , his public statement will surely draw attention to an issue that is likely to cause additional violent protests in Afghanistan , which NATO forces are steeling themselves for . With allies like these , who needs enemies ?	Peter Bergen : Violence against U.S. over film is part of a pattern of incidents He says Christian and Muslim extremists have incited deadly protests for years Bergen : In several cases , the words of political leaders have helped spark violence
CNN  -- Mechanical problems aboard Boeing 's new Dreamliner 787 airliner seem to be happening far too often for some . Fliers are concerned . "  They transport people , you , me , our loved ones ... I think some of the strategies  how fast they are built and how thoroughly they are tested  should be more carefully examined , " wrote CNN.com commenter disqus_L4S9enTRgr . The Federal Aviation Administration is worried , too . On Wednesday , the FAA announced plans to ground U.S.-registered Dreamliners until they pass an emergency airworthiness inspection addressing the potential risk of battery fire . The Japanese government also ordered them out of service , and other nations where 787s were in service have followed suit . United Airlines is the only U.S. carrier operating the 787 , with six Dreamliners Since September , the growing list of reported troubles aboard the Dreamliner include a fuel leak , an oil leak , two cracked engines , a damaged cockpit window and a battery problem . FAA grounds Dreamliners In the most serious incident so far , a battery alarm prompted an emergency landing in Japan on Wednesday of an ANA 787 carrying 129 passengers . Those on board reported a burning smell in the cabin , officials said , and the alarm indicated smoke in a forward electrical compartment . A few hours later , ANA and JAL airlines announced they were grounding their Dreamliners pending an investigation . The incident comes about a week after the FAA announced a broad safety review of the aircraft . Related : Japan carriers ground 787s Consumer concerns are legitimate and understandable , say airline safety and engineering experts , but most of the troubles are relatively minor . However , they say , if the Dreamliner has a battery system design problem , that would raise larger concerns . Lithium ion batteries "  Any time you 've got smoke or fire or odor of smoke and fire on an aircraft , that 's a very serious situation , " said Kevin Hiatt , a veteran airline pilot and head of the Flight Safety Foundation . "  You 've got very little time to get an aircraft on the ground safely if something like that occurs in flight . " The batteries are critical to the plane because the 787 is thirsty for electrical power . The Dreamliner uses electricity to run more systems than any other Boeing airliner , said University of Dayton professor Raul Ordonez , an aircraft electrical and computer engineer who spent time observing Dreamliner development at Boeing 's Seattle headquarters . It takes lots of battery power to run electricity through those systems . The 787 is unique because its batteries are lithium ion batteries . The batteries hold more energy for longer periods than the standard nickel cadmium airliner batteries . "  These kinds of batteries , " Ordonez says , "  are slightly more likely to cause problems . " It 's unclear whether the Dreamliner battery trouble in Japan was a charging problem or a battery overheating problem , says John Goglia , a former airline mechanic and former member of the National Transportation Safety Board . A charging problem would n't require an immediate landing , "  but if I had a battery overheating -- given the history -- I 'd be looking for the nearest place to put my butt on the ground . " Cracked engines and windshields , oil and fuel leaks Other problems linked to the Dreamliner -- such as oil and fuel leaks or damaged cockpit windows -- are operational issues that occur aboard "  every airliner out there flying today , " says Hiatt . "  It just so happens that this aircraft is under such intense scrutiny . " For an oil leak in flight , a pilot responds depending on how much oil is leaking . "  If it 's a problem , you 've got procedures to either put the engine in idle and land the aircraft or continue and monitor the amount of oil on board until you reach your destination . " "  Fuel leaks -- whether they happen in the wing or near the engine or near the fuel tank area , those happen every day . " When mechanical problems occur , pilots rely on what 's known as the Quick Reference Handbook -- an electronic checklist for troubleshooting . "  One guy flies while the other guy fixes , and then you make a decision , " says Justin Schlechter , a 13-year airline pilot . Schlechter remembers a problem aboard his aircraft in 2004 when a passenger looking out a window spotted a minor fuel leak near the wing . After referring to the checklist , Schlechter diverted the airliner and landed in nearby Richmond , Virginia , as a precaution . Another time , a crack appeared in Schlechter 's cockpit windshield . "  It was a complete nonevent , " he says . The flight continued to its scheduled destination . "  Windshields crack all the time , " says Goglia . Measuring inches thick and multilayered , airliner windshields are designed to take a beating from weather and the occasional bird . The cracked engines reported on Dreamliners in 2012 were likely isolated incidents , Ordonez says . As for random window cracks and fuel and oil leaks , Boeing can solve these kinds of problems without much difficulty , he says . Worldwide , Dreamliners fly 150 flights daily , Boeing said last week . In a statement released Wednesday , Boeing reacted to the FAA grounding . "  We are confident the 787 is safe and we stand behind its overall integrity . We will be taking every necessary step in the coming days to assure our customers and the traveling public of the 787 's safety and to return the airplanes to service , " said Boeing Chairman , President and CEO Jim McNerney . "  I still would get on the airplane , " Hiatt says . It may be the most watched airliner in the world now . "  That airplane is being looked at so closely both before and after every flight that it borders on the ridiculous . " "  Now , I guess people should be a little concerned , " says Ordonez . But bottom line , he says , "  I 'd fly it . "	NEW : FAA grounds all U.S. Dreamliners over battery fire concern Boeing : "  We will be taking every necessary step " After Japan grounded the 787 , experts worry most about Dreamliner 's lithium ion batteries
CNN  -- The 2010 television series "  The Jacksons : A Family Dynasty " may not have lasted long , but fans might not be convinced that the clan has vanished from reality TV . That 's because the family 's latest woes are playing out in the public arena -- very much like one might expect from such a series . There is tension , drama , a reported scuffle and plenty of people tuning in  though in this case to Twitter  for the latest action . In the past few days there has been a dispute regarding the whereabouts of the family 's 82-year-old matriarch , Katherine Jackson . Her nephew reported her missing and her granddaughter Paris has taken to her Twitter account to lament the lack of contact with her grandmother . Katherine Jackson has been the legal guardian for Paris and her two brothers since the children 's father , Michael Jackson , died three years ago . Judge suspends Katherine Jackson as guardian of Michael Jackson 's children Other relatives , including Jermaine Jackson , denied that Katherine Jackson was missing and insisted she was resting on doctor 's orders . Los Angeles County sheriff 's detectives closed the missing persons case opened for the elder Jackson after she was discovered to be with her eldest daughter Rebbie in Arizona . She has reportedly since called home . But the closing of the case has apparently not ended family tensions . On Tuesday , CNN obtained surveillance video which appeared to show Paris ' superstar aunt , Janet Jackson , attempting to take the 14-year-old 's cell phone from her . Authorities reportedly broke up a scuffle at the Jackson family home following that event . T.J. Jackson , brothers inspired by famous uncle Now there is much speculation over whether the root of the issue is tied to the massive estate left in the wake of Michael Jackson 's death , a 20 % share of which belongs to his mother . "  Money always brings out the worst in people , " said Bradley Jacobs , a senior editor for Us Weekly magazine . "  Michael Jackson was a hot mess in life , and things are still really messy in death . " Jacobs noted the great lengths to which the late pop star went to shield his children from just the type of publicity and notoriety that they are now immersed in . Jackson would often employ disguises for his children when they were younger , and very few details of their lives were shared . Paris , Prince Michael and "  Blanket "  as the youngest is known  are now much more visible , and Jacobs pointed out that Paris ' reported aspirations to be an actress mean she plans to stay that way . "  It 's ironic given how Michael protected those children and kept them from the spotlight and now Paris is wanting that spotlight , " he said . "  Paris is tweeting and people are learning from Paris . " Jackson family feud caught on tape Rabbi Shmuley Boteach befriended Michael Jackson in the 1990s and is the author of the book "  The Michael Jackson Tapes . " Boteach said the Jackson family has long struggled with fame , and hence Michael Jackson went out of his way to try and help his children avoid such pitfalls . "  There 's no question that fame took Michael 's life , " Boteach said . "  What Michael wanted in shielding his children was protecting them from all that had happened to him . He was denied a childhood , and he wanted them to have the most special childhood . " Boteach -- who said he has not been in contact with the Jackson family for years -- said he had high hopes for the children when Katherine Jackson first took custody of them because she is a deeply devout Jehovah 's Witness . "  Religion means you focus on things that are larger than yourself and you subordinate your ego to something larger than yourself , " he said . "  That 's one of the remedies to the corruption of celebrity -- that there is something bigger than you . " Cooper Lawrence , the author of "  The Cult of Celebrity : What Our Fascination with the Stars Reveal About Us " and the co-host of the "  Loose Talk " podcast , said fans are fascinated by how the Jackson family dynamic is playing out because so many people have grown up with them . Katherine Jackson returns home after losing guardianship As the next generation of Jacksons , Paris and her brothers are continuing to keep the public enthralled , Lawrence said . Paris , especially , has been very vocal on Twitter about the fact that she believes her grandmother was being kept from them and she refuses to stand for it . "  I follow Paris on Twitter which is so strange because she is only 14 , " Lawrence said . "  But I find her incredibly interesting , lucid and mature . I like that she does n't just lay down and take it . She recognizes at such a young age that most of the adults around her are children and behave like children , and she 's taken that role that she 's the adult and she 's calling them out on their immaturities . " Regardless of how the drama plays out , Boteach said he believes Michael Jackson 's desire to leave a legacy in which children -- including his -- are celebrated and protected is being overlooked . "  If you look at his legacy now it 's his music , which is beautiful , it 's his concerts and it 's this money that people are arguing over , " Boteach said . "  I believe that some of this dysfunction would be alleviated if there was an agreement on what is Michael 's legacy , and that was pursued . " The Jackson strife : Family bickers	The Jacksons are in the limelight right now because of their family drama Magazine editor sees irony in how outspoken Michael Jackson 's kids have become A former friend of Michael Jackson 's says his legacy is being damaged
Wired  -- Military work is physically demanding -- and we 're not just talking about soldiers on the battlefield . Travel down the chain , and you 'll find plenty of positions where strength and stamina are highly valued skills . Take the Navy for example . The Navy needs ships and those ships need to be built and maintained -- a rough , physically draining job . Sandblasting , riveting , and grinding excess metal off the ships can take a toll on the human body . You 're often carrying tools that can weigh upwards of 30 pounds . "  There 's a lot of wear and tear on you , " says Adam Miller , director of new initiatives for Lockheed Martin . "  Skilled workers can maybe do that for three to four minutes then they need to put the tool down and they need to rest . " Photos of unexpected shooting targets used by the world 's armies For the past couple of years , Miller has been leading a team of engineers and designers to create one of the first industrial-use exoskeletons . Called the FORTIS , the exoskeleton is able to support tools of up to 36 pounds and transfer that load from a worker 's hands and arms to the ground . The goal is to lighten workers ' loads , ultimately making them more productive and skilled at their jobs . The U.S. Navy recently bought two of the exoskeletons and plans to test them over the next six months to see how they might be used in an industrial situation . Compared to something like the TALOS  Tactical Assault Light Operator Suit  , a computerized exoskeleton that essentially wants to turn mere mortals into Iron Man , the FORTIS is fairly simple . "  I would call it elegant , " says Miller . The anodized aluminum and carbon fiber skeleton weighs 30 pounds , and follows along the outside of a human 's body . It has joints in the parts of the body that would regularly have joints  ankle , knee , hip  and flexes from side to side at the waist . Miller says the skeleton was designed for complex environments -- whoever is wearing it can climb stairs or a ladder , squat and generally move business as usual in the exoskeleton . Tools mount to the front of the FORTIS and that weight is directed through the joints in the hip and down to the floor , relieving stress on the entire body , including the feet and ankles . People around the world pose with everything they eat in a day Watch and Learn The design team began by watching how humans walk . "  You have to look at biomechanics of the person because it 's not just a stand ; it 's really something they can move around in , " says Miller . The FORTIS was designed so it could slip over a worker 's boot -- this is important since feet often communicate the first signs of weariness . It 's like running in a pair of crappy shoes ; it impacts your entire body . Many exoskeletons transfer that weight to the sole of the foot , but this is a problem , says Miller . "  When the weight of the tools and exoskeleton itself is transferred to the ground , it comes to rest on the sole , " he says . "  However , a sole can also contribute to user discomfort , increased metabolic cost to the user and introduces instability . " Instead , the FORTIS uses a stirrup that attaches to the ankle , allowing the foot to rest on the ground as usual . Why are we so fat ? The multimillion-dollar scientific quest to find out Early tests show that the exoskeleton has increased productivity anywhere from two to 27 times , depending on the task . The team measured the amount of time a worker could hold a 16-pound grinder overhead without having to rest his arms . "  The longest operators could work continuously without a break was three minutes sustained without augmentation , " says Miller . "  Using the FORTIS , operators could work 30 minutes or longer without requiring rest breaks . " Lockheed Martin has been developing exoskeleton technology for the past five years . Its other exoskeleton , the HULC , is hydraulic-powered and can support up to 200 pounds . The HULC was designed to be used on the field , during battle . The FORTIS ' capabilities are scaled down , but with its focus on mobility , you can imagine that it could be useful for other industries like construction or mining -- "  anywhere there 's a complex and irregular environment , " says Miller . "  We 're expecting other industries to see it and say , ` We want something similar . ' " More from Wired : The mystery of go , the ancient game that computers still ca n't win I liked everything I saw on Facebook for two days . Here 's what It did to me What 's Inside Sriracha That Makes It So Delicious ? Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	New exoskeleton allows operators to lift heavy tools as if they were weightless Called FORTIS , it is developed by Lockheed Martin and has attracted interest from the U.S. Navy It works by transferring the load down to the ground and is unpowered An ergonomic design permits freedom of movement and adapts to different body types
CNN  As a controversy over a racist video continues , the University of Oklahoma is announcing a plan to hire a vice president who will oversee diversity programs . A video of a racist chant by the university 's now-disbanded Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity made headlines nationwide this week . It shows students on a bus clapping , pumping their fists and laughing as they chant , "  There will never be a ni **** SAE . You can hang him from a tree , but he can never sign with me . There will never be a ni **** SAE . " In announcing the new position Wednesday night , university President David Boren said he decided to make the hire two months ago -- before the video came to light -- and is in talks with an African-American candidate . The school newspaper and a student organization publicized the nine-second video clip after receiving it via anonymous messages . Shortly after it surfaced , the university cut ties with Sigma Alpha Epsilon , as did the national fraternity . Two students spotted in the video , Parker Rice and Levi Pettit , have been expelled for their alleged leadership role in the chant . "  I am deeply sorry for what I did Saturday night . It was wrong and reckless , " Rice said Tuesday in a statement to The Dallas Morning News . "  I made a horrible mistake by joining into the singing and encouraging others to do the same . " A statement from Pettit 's parents said their son made a horrible mistake and apologized to African-Americans , students and university faculty . "  He is a good boy , but what we saw in those videos is disgusting . While it may be difficult for those who only know Levi from the video to understand , we know his heart , and he is not a racist , " Brody and Susan Pettit said . CNN has reached out to both students . A spokesman for the Pettit family confirmed that Levi Pettit was in the video but declined CNN 's request for an interview . Boren has ordered a shutdown of the fraternity house in Norman , and said it was no longer affiliated with the university . "  Livid , just extremely heartbroken , " Jay Vinekar , a founder of the university 's SAE chapter , told CNN affiliate KTRK . "  I do n't want it in my house , and I do n't want those people to wear my letters , claiming to represent me . The problem is not just a couple of guys on that bus , the problem is that house , it 's a cancer that needs to be cut out . " Local SAE alumni apologized on behalf of other members , saying the fraternity has had problems for years . "  The OU SAE Board of Trustees has discovered that a horrible cancer entered into the OU chapter of SAE three to four years ago , and was not immediately and totally stopped , " the organization said in a statement Wednesday . "  It should have been . " The fraternity said it is investigating other incidents involving other chapters that were brought to the attention of its national office . It 's unclear whether more students will be punished for the video . Boren has said the fraternity wo n't return during his tenure if he can help it . CNN 's Alina Machado , Tristan Smith and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	University President David Boren says he decided to make the hire two months ago A video of a racist chant by a university fraternity made headlines nationwide this week
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The National Transportation Safety Board began four days of hearings Tuesday on how to stem the "  drastic increase " in medical helicopter accidents . Smoke rises from Spectrum Health Butterworth Hospital in Grand Rapids , Michigan , after a helicopter crash in May . Over a recent 12-month period , the board probed nine fatal medical helicopter accidents that killed 35 people , a development that one board member called "  alarming . " Medical helicopters "  provide an important service to the public " in swiftly transporting ill and injured patients and donor organs , the board said on its Web site . Chopper pilots must operate "  safely and quickly " in bad weather , at night or on "  unfamiliar landing sites , " the board added . "  This hearing will be extremely important because it can provide an opportunity to learn more about the industry so that possibly we can make further recommendations that can prevent these accidents and save lives , " said Robert Sumwalt , chairman of the hearing 's board of inquiry . Watch Sumwalt 's remarks at hearing " Flying at night in poor weather conditions likely contributed to the crashes in Texas and Alaska of three medical helicopters that killed 11 people , the NTSB said . The three crashes occurred near South Padre Island , Texas , in February 2008 ; Huntsville , Texas , in June ; and Whittier , Alaska , in December 2007 . iReport : Watch smoke pour from a medical chopper crash in Michigan A December 2007 accident in Cherokee , Alabama , was likely caused by the pilot flying too low over trees , the NTSB said . The helicopter was shining a searchlight on a hunter who had been lost as rescue personnel on the ground tried to reach him . The pilot , a paramedic and a flight nurse were killed , the NTSB said . Among the issues to be discussed at the hearing will be flight operations , aircraft safety equipment , training and oversight . Expert witnesses such as pilots , medical personnel , managers and Federal Aviation Administration officials will give sworn testimony on what has been an "  ongoing concern " of the safety board , which issued a report on emergency medical services operations in 2006 . The NTSB said there were 55 EMS-related aviation accidents -- both fatal and nonfatal -- between January 2002 and January 2005 that could have been prevented with "  simple corrective actions . " In those crashes , 54 people were killed , and 18 were seriously injured , the NTSB said . The agency recommended to the FAA in January 2006 that all medical chopper operators be required to develop and implement risk evaluation programs , use dispatch and flight procedures that include up-to-date weather information , and install "  terrain awareness and warning systems " on their aircraft . A fourth recommendation would require medical flight operators to follow federal regulations regarding their flights . The recommendations have not been fully implemented , the NTSB said .	Transportation safety board beginning four days of hearings Board examines reported "  drastic increase " in accidents and deaths Nine air ambulance crashes killed 35 people during one-year period Board 's 2006 safety recommendations not fully implemented , it says
CNN  -- "  The Borgias " are back for a second season and according to star Jeremy Irons we can expect even more nefarious plotting and lustful encounters . The 63-year-old actor has had a long career including an Academy Award for "  Reversal of Fortune " and voicing the malevolent Scar in "  The Lion King . " He recently spoke to CNN about playing a pope and his not-so-secret vice . CNN : What can we expect this season ? Jeremy Irons : You can expect a good ride , a naughty ride , a good ride . I think you can expect an even more exciting ride than last season . It 's perkier ; it 's faster with a lot of surprises . CNN : When you first signed up , were you worried that it would be historical soft porn ? Irons : No , because I know Showtime , I know Neil Jordan . I thought that we 'd avoid that and I think we have . CNN : The show is like "  The Sopranos " in the Vatican . Irons : I would say that 's right . CNN : The characters are pretty venal . Irons : Yes life was more on the edge . Life was not valued quite as highly as it is today . People were used to fighting , people were used to dying . Death was much more a part of life than it is today . Children and women would die in childbirth . Men would die . The whole perception was different . CNN : You play a pope who has children . Would you be surprised if it was discovered that Pope Benedict has kids ? Irons : Um , not particularly  laughs  . CNN : Your voice is like catnip to the ladies . Irons : I do n't think about it . You use what you 've got ! Before I was married I did n't sound like this because I did n't smoke so much . CNN : So smoking is good for actors ? Irons : Well in truth , to be serious , I suppose it 's not particularly good , but it does give me huge pleasure and allows me time for reflection . If I did yoga perhaps I would n't have to , but I do n't . I go outside and have a smoke and I find those gaps in the hurly burly of the film world very useful . CNN : Is the cigarette accompanied by a cup of tea and a chocolate biscuit ? Irons : Often  speaking with a full mouth  . There 's a chocolate biscuit in my mouth at the moment and a cup of tea but no cigarette . But there will be one in a minute . CNN : Your son Max  "  Red Riding Hood "  is gorgeous ! Irons : That 's very nice . He takes after his mother . CNN : I have little kids . I think I 've seen "  The Lion King " 30 times . Irons : There 's something wrong with you . CNN : Do you get people coming up to you with your kids ? Irons : I do and the kids sort of look at me so embarrassed . Scar is a lion on the screen for them . They stand there looking long suffering while their parents make me write them an autograph . CNN : What 's your favorite movie ? Irons : It 's strange because it 's always the experience of making it that 's the great thing . Making "  The Mission " was fantastic , making "  Dead Ringers " was a great experience , making "  Lolita " was a great experience . Making "  The Borgias " is a great experience . We have a lot of fun , great crew , great cast , shooting in a fantastic city , Budapest . I get up and I 'm really pleased to work and that 's what I 'll remember . In a way , it never has much actually to do with what the movie 's like . CNN : Budapest is a beautiful city . Irons : I like the youth of the city and it has a slightly crumbly nature about it because they have n't quite got the money to finish everything off .	Jeremy Irons plays Rodrigo Borgia , a Pope , in "  The Borgias " The actor voiced the malevolent Scar in "  The Lion King " "  Making ` The Borgias ' is a great experience , we have a lot of fun , " Irons said
CNN  A Detroit mother arrested last month after police discovered the bodies of two of her children inside a freezer was arraigned this week on murder and torture charges . Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy charged Mitchelle Angela Blair on Wednesday with killing her then 13-year-old daughter , Stoni Ann Blair , and her then 9-year-old son , Stephen Gage Berry . According to Detroit Police Chief James Craig , the bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside the freezer by a bailiff performing a court ordered eviction on March 24 . The Wayne County medical examiner has since determined that Stoni died from multiple blunt trauma injuries and Stephen from multiple blunt trauma and thermal injuries . Both were determined to be homicides , according to spokesman Ryan Bridges . According to CNN affiliate WDIV , investigators believe Stephen was scalded with hot water , beaten and strangled in August 2012 , while Stoni was killed in May 2013 . A message left for Blair 's court appointed attorney , who entered not guilty pleas on her behalf at her arraignment , was n't immediately returned . In addition to the two counts of premeditated murder -- each of which carries a mandatory life sentence without the possibility of parole -- Blair , 35 , has been charged with two counts of torture , four counts of felony child abuse and one count of committing child abuse in the presence of another child . She has two other children , a 17-year-old daughter and an 8-year-old son , both of whom are now in in protective custody , according to Worthy . Blair will be back in court June 19 for a court ordered competency hearing .	Murder and torture charges for Detroit mom after bodies found in her freezer Prosecutors accuse Mitchelle Angela Blair of killing her 13-year-old daughter and 9-year-old son Their bodies were discovered in her freezer as she was evicted from her home last month
EW.com  -- Christopher Walken is officially king of the swingers . Disney revealed today that the Oscar winner has joined the cast of its increasingly star-studded live action "  Jungle Book " remake . Walken is set to voice the ape monarch King Louie , a part sure to be as flamboyant as his upcoming turn in NBC 's "  Peter Pan Live . "  In Disney 's 1967 animated musical , Louie is the one who sings the jazzy classic "  I Wan na Be Like You . " Also joining the film 's ranks : Emmy nominee Giancarlo Esposito , who already has experience playing a classic Disney character .  He portrayed "  Once Upon a Time 's " genie-turned-magic-mirror way back in season one .  This time around , Esposito will voice Akela , the leader of the wolf pack that adopts human child Mowgli  played in the film by 10-year-old first-time actor Neel Sethi  . The two newcomers join a cast of high-profile voice actors that already includes Ben Kingsley as noble panther Bagheera , Lupita Nyong ' o as mother wolf Raksha , Idris Elba as wicked tiger Shere Khan , and Scarlett Johansson as the hypnotic snake Kaa . Sethi will be the only actor to physically appear onscreen throughout the film . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Both Walken and Giancarlo Esposito joined the cast Walken 's character sings in the animated musical The film remake already boasts a high profile cast
Real Simple  -- Visit a bathroom in a home in the Netherlands and you might find a good idea staring you in the face : a list of birthdays important to your host posted opposite the toilet . Why in that spot ? To assure that it 's viewed regularly . While you may not want to sacrifice your bathroom aesthetics for the sake of remembering key birthdays , the more often you see the dates , the more likely it is you 'll remember them . As founder and "  Exalted Queen Mother " of the Red Hat Society , an international network of women over 50 , Sue Ellen Cooper chooses to keep her long list of reminders in the kitchen . "  I have a list of every significant birthday taped to the inside of my pantry door , " she says . "  It 's impossible not to see those dates every time I open the pantry . " Whether it 's inside a cabinet , on the refrigerator , or bookmarking a page in the novel you 're reading , place your list in a spot where you are likely to view it every day and you 'll always be aware of an impending birthday . Real Simple : How to handle a milestone birthday Use a perpetual calendar to remember birthdays Traditional calendars are less than ideal for keeping track of birthdays , as they require you to pencil in all your important dates each year . A perpetual calendar solves that problem by charting the months without naming the day of the week for each date . Find 5-by-14-inch calendars for $ 10 at www.galison.com . You can also download a printable perpetual birthday-reminder calendar  for free  at Hallmark.com , or use the Real Simple : Birthday reminder worksheet . Similar to a perpetual calendar but used exclusively for birthdays , a birthday book allows you to jot down birthdays without having to rewrite each date yearly . Keep it somewhere visible , though , such as on top of a coffee table or on your desk , as opposed to placing it on a bookshelf , where it may get lost amid your Steinbecks and Angelous . The 23/4 - by-4 1/4-inch pocket birthday organizer from Fred Flare  $ 8  will fit in your handbag , so you can commit dates to memory as you wait for your latte . Track birthdays in your day planner For some , a day planner or a Filofax is preferable to a wall calendar because it 's portable . Erica Ecker , a.k.a. "  The Specialist , " is a New York City-based organizational specialist who recommends writing birthdays in a day planner with a colored marker . "  Pick a unique color , " she says , "  so that when you go to rewrite the dates for the next year , the birthdays stand out . " Ecker also inserts mini Post-it notes as "  birthday alarms . " Insert one in the planner a few days ahead of the first birthday for which you would like to send a card . This way , you 'll get the card in the mail on time . Once you 've done that , move the Post-it ahead in the book to a few days before the next important birthday . If rewriting birthdays feels like too much of a chore , jot down birthdays on the tabbed section dividers before each month in your day planner . Then you can simply pull out the dividers the following year and place them before each month in your new planner . Real Simple : Look great in your birthday photos Remember birthdays with computer reminders With a free membership at Yahoo! , you can take advantage of the site 's calendar feature , which allows you to schedule all kinds of appointments with alarms sent to your Yahoo! Messenger account , mobile device , or e-mail address . If you choose to share your calendar with friends and family , they can view your dates and add their own . Cost : Free . BirthdayAlarm.com This service features an easy interface , e-mail or text-message reminders , a selection of e-cards , and an option to send flowers . BigDates.com BigDates will remind you of a birthday via a cell-phone text message or an e-mail with suggestions for cards and gifts . You can even sign up for a service that will send a paper card to someone through the U.S. Postal Service  $ 3 , plus postage  . The downside is that it 's slightly impersonal ; you do n't get to compose the message in your own handwriting . HappyBirthday.com Boasting a tasteful , simple , and thoughtful interface , this site assigns each member her own Web page so she can direct friends and family there to input their birthdays , rather than having to collect the information herself . BirthdayPal.com Birthday Pal keeps track of as many birthdays as you like and will send up to four different reminders per birthday . It also automates the process of birthday collection by sending an e-mail to friends requesting their dates . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The more often you see the dates , the more likely it is you 'll remember them A specialist recommends writing birthdays in a day planner in bright colors BirthdayAlarm.com , BigDates.com and BirthdayPal.com are other helpful sites Remember birthdays on your computer calendar for easy changes
CNN  -- The slayings of two super-yacht staff within two weeks have shaken the luxury yacht industry and sparked calls for crews to exercise extreme caution . Australian luxury yacht captain Drew Gollan was killed in January in English Harbor , Antigua . Both slayings occurred in popular yachting destinations in the Caribbean and involved violent attacks . Last week , U.S. luxury yacht chef Sara Kuszak , of Savannah , Georgia , was killed after being abducted during a morning run in Puerto Rico . The body of Kuszak , who was five months pregnant , was found with a slashed throat in a field . A local man has been arrested by police in connection with the incident . On January 22 , Australian Drew Gollan , captain of Perini Navi yacht Perseus , was shot dead in what was described as a "  failed robbery " in English Harbor , Antigua . Gollan , 38 , was described as a "  widely respected member of the yachting community . " His death came less than a year after the double killing of a British couple on the island . Suspects have been arrested and charged with murder in both cases . Antigua , in particular , is highly dependent on the luxury yacht industry to boost its local economy -- and it appears news of the crimes is already having a negative impact . In a press release , the Antigua Charter Yacht Meeting acknowledged that "  a number of boats have decided to leave Antigua in the wake of this incident . " Further reports from yachting magazine SuperYachtWorld suggest several captains on the island have also decided to leave . Meanwhile , luxury yacht staff who are remaining in the Caribbean have been urged by industry Web site yotcru.com to "  exercise vigilant personal safety at all times . " After the death of Gollan , local Antigua politicians and yacht industry representatives held an emergency meeting to discuss the problem . At the meeting , the prime minister of Antigua and Barbuda , Baldwin Spencer , said : "  Antigua is still a safe place to be . It 's an unfortunate situation , however we are all hoping that justice will be done , " SuperYachtWorld reported . Spencer also pledged new security efforts to help prevent future crimes . An international charter company manager and luxury yacht industry expert , Els Bucknell , said yacht crews and clients were "  shocked and saddened " by the deaths , and there would likely be a short-term impact on the Caribbean region . "  Most people assumed that this part of Antigua was safe and I think it has come as a shock , " she said . "  Some boats have already left and I think you will see some of that . " However , Bucknell felt the incident would not affect the region in the long term . "  People do forget about these things over time ... and the local business people with police and other authorities have made a serious attempt to make it safer . "  The economy being the way it is has more to do with how business operates than these kind of things , " she said .	Australian captain Drew Gollan shot dead in Antigua on January 22 U.S. yacht chef Sara Kuszak was abducted and killed in Puerto Rico last week Reports indicate some yachts and crew members leaving Caribbean
CNN  -- Yet again we are struggling to bear the unbearable . How can we find meaning in the massacre of so many innocent children , savagely cut down in a hail of bullets ? Abraham Lincoln is much on our minds these days and , fortunately , there is much his life teaches us about giving meaning to human horror . Eleven months from now , we will be celebrating the 150th anniversary of his journey to Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , where he consecrated a national cemetery in honor of the thousands slaughtered in the Civil War battle there . In the most eloquent address in American history , Lincoln told us , "  The world will little note , nor long remember what we say here , but it can never forget what they did here . It is for us the living , rather , to be dedicated here to  their  great unfinished work . " In their honor , he concluded , "  we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain -- that this nation , under God , shall have a new birth of freedom . " These were not idle words ; he devoted himself to action . In the final months of his life , as the new film on Lincoln shows , he threw himself into the enactment of the 13th Amendment , outlawing slavery in the entire nation . After his death , the nation continued to act as he had asked , passing the 14th Amendment and quickening its progress toward realizing the dream of the Declaration : that all are created equal . The shootings in Connecticut are not Gettysburg , but surely the long , unending string of killings that we have endured must do more than touch our hearts . As Lincoln saw , we must find meaning in the madness of life -- and we do that by honoring the dead through action . The moment to act is now upon us , not to be lost as we rush headlong into the holiday season and more twists and turns ahead . We are better than that . There is a common thread running through most of the mass killings we have seen in recent years : A deranged gunman gets his hands on a gun , usually a semi-automatic , and rapidly cuts down innocents before anyone can stop him . Clearly , we must find better answers for the mentally unstable . We have the ability to recognize the characteristics of those more likely to commit such acts of violence , and we must do more to provide long-term treatment . But just as clearly , we need to change our culture of guns . There is something terribly wrong in a nation that has some 300 million guns floating around , easily accessible to the mentally ill . Of the 62 mass shootings in the U.S. over the past three decades , more than three-quarters of the guns used were obtained legally . Unless we act to change our laws as well as our culture , we will all be enablers when the next loner strikes . The blood will be on our hands , too . Experts can come up with precise policy prescriptions that will allow us to maintain the constitutional freedoms of the 2nd Amendment while also changing our gun culture . Contrary to what the National Rifle Association says , it is very possible to do both . What is needed immediately is a conversation determining what principles we want to establish -- and then action to realize them . From my perspective , there should be at least three basic principles : FIRST : To own a gun , you must first have a license -- and it should n't be easy to get . The right parallel is to cars : Everyone over a prescribed age is entitled to drive . But cars are dangerous , so we first require a license -- determining that you are fit to drive . Citizens have a right to bear arms , but guns are dangerous , too . So , get a license . There are a number of issues with our current system of state-based permits . First , variation in gun regulations from state to state deeply complicates enforcement efforts . Arizona , for instance , allows concealed carry without any permit , while its neighbor California has implemented the strongest gun laws in the country . We must design a sensible federal gun control policy to address the current legal chaos . As we construct a federal licensing system , we should look to California . The state requires all gun sales to be processed through a licensed dealer , mandating background checks and a ten-day waiting period ; bans most assault weapons and all large-capacity magazines ; closes the nonsensical gun-show loophole ; and maintains a permanent record of all sales . SECOND : If you are a civilian , you ca n't buy an assault gun . Hunters do n't need military style weapons , nor do homeowners who want to be able to protect their families . They are far too popular among people who should n't have access to guns in the first place . We should restore the federal ban that has expired . THIRD : Parents should be heavily advised to keep guns out of their houses and out of the hands of kids . No one wants to blame the poor mother of the Connecticut shooter , but everyone wonders why she kept so many military-style guns in the house , so accessible to her son . It 's hard to believe , but roughly a third of households with children younger than 18 contain at least one gun . In too many neighborhoods in America -- not just in big cities -- parents who do n't allow guns in their homes are apprehensive , even frightened , by their kids playing at homes where they are kept . Some years ago , no one thought that we could change our tobacco culture . We did . No one thought that we could reduce drunk driving by teenagers . We did -- thanks in large part to Mothers Against Drunk Driving . Years from now , no one will note what we say after this latest massacre . But they will hold us morally accountable for what we do . To honor all of those who have been slain in recent years -- starting with the first-graders in Connecticut -- we should highly resolve to change our culture of guns . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen says we should take a cue from Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address He says U.S. must deal with its culture of guns and find real solutions Gun owners should be licensed , and assault weapons should be banned , he says He says we will be held morally accountable for what we do -- or fail to do
London  CNN  -- Iran has been carrying out covert tests of missiles capable of delivering a nuclear payload , UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said Wednesday , in contravention of a U.N. resolution . It has also said it wants to enrich uranium to "  levels far greater than is needed for peaceful nuclear energy , " Hague said . Iran 's development of missile and nuclear fuel technology has led to U.N. sanctions and accusations from the United States that the clerical regime is trying to develop nuclear weapons . Iran says it has a right to peaceful nuclear technology , but the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  says it can not verify whether Tehran 's nuclear program remains entirely peaceful . Iran has not yet responded to Hague 's claims . His comments in the House of Commons come a day after Iranian news agencies reported that the country 's military had successfully test-fired 14 missiles during military drills , as part of a week of war games . Tehran also unveiled several ballistic missile silos Monday , and Wednesday demonstrated what was described by the semi-official Fars news agency as a new Iranian-made long-range radar system capable of monitoring low-altitude satellites . Speaking in London , Hague said : "  Iran has also been carrying out covert ballistic missile tests and rocket launches , including testing missiles capable of delivering a nuclear payload in contravention of U.N. resolution 1929 , and it has announced that it intends to triple its capacity to produce 20 % enriched uranium . " The UK foreign secretary promised to "  maintain and continue to increase pressure on Iran to negotiate an agreement on their nuclear programme , building on the strengthening of sanctions , " announced earlier this month . Enriched uranium can be used for civilian nuclear purposes , but also to make atomic weapons . The IAEA raised concerns in February that Iran was not engaging with the agency on claims that it was developing a nuclear payload for its missiles . The IAEA report discussed possible nuclear activities tied to Iran 's military "  including activities related to the development of a nuclear payload for a missile . " The United States imposed new sanctions on Iran last week , targeting the country 's national airline , Iran Air , other companies , and international business executives accused of illicitly building up Tehran 's military . Iran condemned those sanctions in a letter to the United Nations , saying the international body had a responsibility to look out for "  nations who are merely endeavoring to attain their legitimate and undeniable rights under international law . " The United Nations passed a fourth round of sanctions against Iran in June 2010 , aimed at pressuring it to suspend its nuclear program .	Foreign secretary says Iran also wants to enrich uranium beyond peaceful levels His remarks come a day after Iran test-fired 14 missiles Tests are in contravention of a U.N. resolution , Hague says The United States imposed new sanctions against Iran last week
CNN  -- Hotels love to push the aura of movie-star glamor as part of their mystique , listing on their websites Hollywood royalty that have stayed in -- and sometimes trashed -- their rooms . At times , though , the hotels play a leading role , providing memorable settings that are characters unto themselves . Oscar 's tour of the world Naturally , California has many such hotels , but movie star hotels are scattered all over the world . In honor of Oscar season , here are a handful of hotels that make for award winning , star-kissed vacations . "  Some Like It Hot " Hotel del Coronado , San Diego One of America 's most beloved comedies , 1959 's zany "  Some Like It Hot , " starring Marilyn Monroe and drag-bedecked Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon , used the Hotel del Coronado as a main location . Set in 1929 , the comedy 's plot centers around two musicians escaping from the mob by dressing up as women to join an all-female band . The film was nominated for several Oscars , but did n't get a nomination for best picture . The hotel turns 125 this year , and completed an $ 8 million renovation in 2012 . Over its long history , the Victorian hotel , noted for its wraparound porches  highlighted in the film where rows of men wait to watch for Monroe 's character , Sugar , to return to the hotel  , has been the site of many films , including 1915 's "  Pearl of the Pacific " and 1924 's "  My Husband 's Wives . " 8 getaways we wish we could afford "  The Shining " Timberline Lodge , Oregon Stanley Hotel , Estes Park , Colorado The Timberline Lodge was used as the exterior of the Overlook Hotel for the 1980 Stephen King and Stanley Kubrick movie "  The Shining , " starring Jack Nicholson and Shelley Duvall . The plot centers on a couple and their son , the hotel 's winter caretakers . It turns out the hotel is haunted , driving the father  Nicholson 's character , Jack Torrance  insane . Many of the outdoor scenes were shot at the Timberline , a ski resort in the shadows of Mount Hood . Creepy indoor scenes , including endless hallways , along with the hedge maze scene , were sets created in the United Kingdom at Elstree Studios . The movie is based on the Stephen King novel of the same name , inspired by King 's stay at Colorado 's Stanley Hotel . The hotel , just outside Rocky Mountain National Park in Estes Park , is considered haunted and is routinely surveyed for paranormal activity . The hotel was used in 1994 's "  Dumb and Dumber " and called Hotel Danbury . "  Lawrence of Arabia " Hotel Alfonso XIII , Seville , Spain Several scenes from "  Lawrence of Arabia , " the 1962 British film about T.E. Lawrence 's World War I exploits , starring Peter O'Toole , were filmed at this 1929 Moorish style Seville property . 2012 marked the 50th anniversary of the film , which was released in a digitally remastered version . The hotel went through a similar renewal , with a $ 25 million renovation completed in 2012 that included a new restaurant , bar and guest rooms . The decor in the hotel 's rooms captures different eras of Spain 's past with Andalusian , Castilian and Moorish elements . ` Downton ' in America : 6 big estates "  Argo " The Beverly Hilton , Beverly Hills , California This midcentury Beverly Hills classic was opened in 1955 by Conrad Hilton , great grandfather to blond socialite Paris Hilton . The Aqua Star Pool , the largest heated pool in Beverly Hills , is surrounded by cabana guest rooms for easy access to the Southern California sunshine . Some of the hotel 's pool level area , where restaurants Circa 55 and Trader Vic 's Lounge are located , have retained the original 1950s "  Mad Men " - style color schemes . The hotel 's eighth-floor Stardust Room was featured in "  Argo , " the Iran hostage drama that won this year 's Oscar for best picture . Ben Affleck 's character , Tony Mendez  based on a real CIA operative  , heads to the hotel to mingle with Hollywood 's elite as part of a farfetched rescue scheme for American hostages . The hotel has hosted the Golden Globe Awards for 35 consecutive years "  Pretty Woman " Beverly Wilshire , Beverly Hills , California Another Beverly Hills hotel featured in movies is the Beverly Wilshire , just around the corner from Rodeo Drive . The 1928 Italian Renaissance style hotel , now part of the Four Seasons , has a big role in 1990 's "  Pretty Woman , " starring Richard Gere as a ruthless businessman and Julia Roberts as a prostitute who softens his heart . Roberts ' scantily clad character is frowned upon by hotel staff , but eventually wins them over with her personality and wardrobe transformation . The hotel is so associated with the film that many Los Angelenos simply point it out as the "  Pretty Woman " hotel . The nearly 400-room hotel includes 137 luxury suites and a Mediterranean-style pool with cabana packages starting at $ 180 . "  Lost in Translation " Park Hyatt Tokyo , Tokyo "  Lost in Translation , " a 2003 movie starring Bill Murray as a fading actor and Scarlett Johansson as a lonely young American newlywed whose husband is busy working , uses the Park Hyatt Tokyo to tremendous effect . Occupying the top 14 floors of the Shinjuku Park Tower , the sleek Park Hyatt Tokyo boasts commanding views and was a hotel of choice for director Sofia Coppola before the film . The vast , chaotic neon-lit view from the serene hotel emphasizes the loneliness of both main characters . "  Ten years have passed since the film 's release , yet it continues to be a catalyst for people to discover both Park Hyatt Tokyo and the city of Tokyo , " said Philippe Roux-Dessarps , Park Hyatt Tokyo 's general manager . "  How Stella Got Her Groove Back " Round Hill Hotel and Villas , Montego Bay , Jamaica Get your groove back at the Round Hill Hotel and Villas , set on a lush 100-acre peninsula in Montego Bay , Jamaica . The hotel was the setting for 1998 's "  How Stella Got Her Groove Back , " starring Angela Bassett as workaholic divorcee Stella Payne , Taye Diggs as much-younger love interest Winston Shakespeare and Whoopi Goldberg as sidekick Delilah Abraham . The movie uses the hotel 's rooms and views beautifully , with vistas of the verdant landscape and beach . The resort has 36 Ralph Lauren-designed rooms in its main building , called the Pineapple House , along with 27 private villas , the type of room Stella stayed in . Other highlights are an open-air dining terrace , a double infinity pool , five all-weather tennis courts and a spa housed in a restored 18th century plantation house . "  On Her Majesty 's Secret Service " Hotel Palacio , Estoril , Portugal Plenty of hotels have been used as James Bond locations , yet few are said to have helped inspire the character . The 1930 Hotel Palacio reportedly did just that for author Ian Fleming . As a neutral country during World War II , Portugal played host to spies , deposed royalty , black marketers and many others who came to stay at the hotel and play in the casino on the Estoril Coast outside Lisbon . As a British Naval Intelligence officer , young Fleming rubbed elbows with some of those colorful characters at the hotel . While many remember dramatic Swiss Alps ski scenes with machine guns setting off avalanches , "  On Her Majesty 's Secret Service " opens on the beaches of Portugal , with James Bond staying at the Hotel Palacio overlooking the Bay of Cascais . To this day , the hotel 's bar is renowned for its very strong martinis , which you can order shaken , stirred or however you like .	San Diego 's Hotel del Coronado served as a backdrop in 1959 's "  Some Like It Hot " "  Argo , " this year 's best picture winner , features a scene at the Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills Hotel Palacio in Estoril , Portugal , served as an inspiration for Ian Fleming 's James Bond character
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter claimed on Wednesday he has apologized enough for remarks he made last week regarding on-field racism in football , with the Swiss saying he now considers the matter "  closed . " The head of world soccer 's governing body was heavily criticized for comments he made in an interview with CNN , where he suggested racism between players on the pitch could be settled with a handshake . Blatter , speaking at the Asian Football Confederation  AFC  headquarters in Malaysia , reaffirmed his stance against discrimination , saying he was hurt by the accusations which were leveled against him . "  I can only say this item for me is closed , " the 75-year-old told a press conference . "  There is no tolerance  of  racism . I have been interpreted as such and I have made my apologies . I can not say anything more . "  There is no discrimination in my feelings , there is no racism , nothing at all . This matter for me is over . We go forward . There is zero tolerance  for  racism , zero tolerance  for  discrimination in all activities in the field of play and outside the field . " -LSB- I was -RSB- very much hurt by these comments because it touched me in my conscience and my determination to go against racism . " It has been a turbulent 18 months for FIFA , with allegations of bribery and corruption surrounding the presidential election which saw Blatter voted in unopposed for a fourth term as the organization 's chief in June . Former AFC head Mohammad Bin Hammam was due to be one of Blatter 's opponents in the ballot , but the Qatari has since received a lifetime ban from football for alleged corruption during his presidential campaign . Bin Hammam is challenging his ban in the Court of Arbitration for Sport and Blatter declined to comment on whether there was a way back into FIFA for the former executive committee member . "  We will wait for the outcome of the next step , " said Blatter .	Sepp Blatter has said he considers the recent racism controversy closed FIFA president suggested last week on-field racism could be settled with a handshake Blatter says he felt hurt by the widespread criticism he received
CNN  -- Mexico heads the list of the world 's most overweight industrialized nations . Fat chance you say ? Exactly . Nearly a third of Mexican adults are obese , a recent United Nations Food and Agricultural Organization report says , topping even the United States , which comes in a close second at 31.8 % . The United States has long been a fixture atop the chubby list . The culprit ? High-calorie , low-cost , processed foods and an increasingly sedentary lifestyle as Mexican incomes rise and more people move into metropolitan areas . The danger , according to the World Health Organization , is an increased risk of cardiovascular disease , diabetes , degenerative joint diseases and some cancers . The obesity epidemic is a double whammy for Mexican children , who can be both malnourished and overweight . "  They are exposed to high-fat , high-sugar , high-salt , energy-dense ... foods , which tend to be lower in cost but also lower in nutrient quality , " the World Health Organization reports . It 's a growing problem -- and not just for Mexico . Since 1980 , obesity rates worldwide have doubled . In 2008 , more than 1.4 billion adults were overweight and 500 million were obese . The solution is simple but not always easy to accomplish , especially as nutritional options are limited in many parts of the world . The WHO recommends : -- Limiting your intake of fats and sugars -- Increasing consumption of fruit and vegetables , as well as legumes , whole grains and nuts -- Engaging in regular physical activity : 60 minutes a day for children and 150 minutes per week for adults CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report	Nearly 33 % of Mexicans are obese , a United Nations report says That 's the highest level of the world 's industrialized nations Cheap , high-calorie food and lack of exercise are to blame , experts say
CNN  -- From supermarkets to the office supply store , it 's hard to miss those tiny bottles of 5-hour Energy . The makers of 5-Hour Energy call it a "  no-nonsense drink . " "  It would be easier for me to tell you where we did n't sell them in the U.S. than list all the places we do , " said Carl Sperber , spokesman for Living Essentials , the Detroit , Michigan-based manufacturer of 5-hour Energy shot . The small , shot-glass size bottles promise to provide energy and alertness without jitters to fatigued Americans . Unlike other popular energy drinks that market to college students , 5-Hour Energy 's audience is multitasking , working professionals . The market demand has skyrocketed since the product hit store shelves in 2004 . The company expects to move more than 350 million shots this year , Sperber said , up from 174 million in 2008 . "  This is a no-nonsense drink , " Sperber said . "  It is not a fashion statement . It does n't have a cool name ; it is just a simple grab-and-go product to help busy adults when they ca n't afford a letdown . " Each 2-ounce bottle contains zero grams of sugar , 4 calories and about the same amount of caffeine as a small coffee . It also contains about a dozen ingredients that are broken down into B vitamins  B3 , B6 , B9 , B12  and what the manufacturer lists as an "  energy blend . " But do n't expect superhuman results , one expert said . "  The B vitamins are given at extraordinarily high levels , and people need to know they are not some magic potion that 's going to immediately raise your energy level , " said Dr. Brent Bauer , Mayo Clinic director of complementary and integrative medicine . "  There is no data that show that . " The overall health impact of the shots ' energy blend is a little fuzzy , according to some experts , because little data has been collected about the effectiveness or safety of the natural compounds . The blend contains : citicoline , tyrosine , phenylalanine , taurine , malic acid , glucuronolactone and caffeine . Phenylalanine , taurine , tyrosine are all amino acids our bodies naturally produce . Malic acid is a natural chemical substance found in food . Glucuronolactone is a byproduct of glucose produced in the liver . Citicoline is a natural compound that produces a chemical in the brain . "  These energy shots have over a dozen ingredients all together , and consumers are ingesting them at very high doses but there is no research of how the ingredients react all together , " Bauer said . "  It 's plausible if you put these 12 things together you will get a good result but it 's also possible for them to cause major interactions to medications , or have a negative impact on the liver or kidney . We just do n't know at this point . " Watch Dr. Gupta talk about the the safety of 5-hour Energy " Consumers of 5-hour Energy probably wo n't ever drink enough shots to reach toxic levels of the B vitamins , experts said , but side effects can occur . The maker notes on its Web site the potential "  niacin flush reaction " from vitamin B3 . It would be noticeable but temporary , one expert said . "  If you have too much B3 it can cause tingling in your whole body . You will turn red , flush , but it would only last for about 30 minutes , " said Jim White , spokesman for the American Dietetic Association . "  Research also shows high doses of vitamin B6 can cause nerve spasm , also temporary trouble with muscle coordination . " 5-hour Energy 's spokesman says that his company does n't have safety data on the specific blend of ingredients in its product , but believes that side effects are "  rare . " "  None of our ingredients are synthetic drugs , " Sperber said . 5-hour Energy also advises consumers to check with their health care provider before taking the booster . Medical experts acknowledged that if taken modestly , the products are unlikely to have a negative impact on health . "  In moderation , it can give you energy . But the problem is people drink coffee , then take these energy shots , then down Red Bull , take Hydroxycut , and it is just too much in the body at one time , " White said . The makers of 5-hour Energy agree . "  There is no law against stupidity and there is always that person out there that is going to push the envelope and consume too many of them or combine our product with others , but we ca n't really control that , " Sperber said .	5-Hour Energy promises energy , alertness without jitters to fatigued Americans Each bottle contains caffeine , high doses of B vitamins , and "  energy blend " Expert : No research of how the ingredients react together
Hampton , Florida  CNN  -- It 's do-or-die time in a city that has been threatened with extinction , become a symbol of small-town corruption and even been mocked in the media as "  too Florida , even for Florida . " Can this worn-down , one-stoplight city prove to detractors that it can save its very soul from the venal forces that tempted it to set up a speed trap , rake in $ 1 million over the past few years and then lose track of the money ? State lawmakers are traveling tonight to the Victory Baptist Church to see for themselves whether Hampton has been scared straight . If state Sen. Rob Bradley and state Rep. Charles Van Zant do n't like what they hear , they have vowed to move forward with a bill to dissolve the city 's charter . It would be an extreme measure , for sure , and the first time anyone can remember the Florida legislature taking away a municipality 's right to govern itself . Some , like Bradley , say residents would hardly notice the difference . Hampton 's library would still lend out books . Kids would still attend the award-winning local elementary school . The parks would still be open . And the county sheriff already has taken over patrolling the streets . All Hampton 's residents would be missing , Bradley has said , is about $ 100 a year in city taxes and an unnecessary layer of government that did n't serve them very well in the first place . But losing their cityhood would be a devastating blow to Hampton 's collective sense of pride . Residents think their city is worth fighting for . And so , for the past month , they 've been coming up with a way to save Hampton . A Facebook page dedicated to the cause has grown to 309 followers -- big doings in a city with fewer than 500 people in it . The scandal that set tongues wagging Writing tickets began innocently enough , said Hampton 's newly appointed city attorney , John Cooper , who 's donating his services during the crisis . A Texaco station out on U.S. 301 asked for police protection , and Hampton agreed to annex a 1,200-foot stretch of highway . Only later did someone come up with the idea that there was plenty of easy money to be made from catching speeders and writing tickets , just like neighboring cities Waldo and Lawtey were doing . And so , Hampton officially became a notorious speed trap . The way the city map was redrawn , it looked like a giant mosquito , with Hampton sucking money directly from the highway . Problem was , the police department constantly overspent its budget , and all that ticket revenue never seemed to benefit anybody outside of City Hall . The police department swelled to 19 officers , including the chief . But Bradford County Sheriff Gordon Smith says many of the officers were n't trained properly , and the audit found that some of them drove uninsured vehicles . One officer , nicknamed "  Rambo , " dressed in tactical gear and strapped an assault rifle across his chest -- just to write tickets . 2011 was Hampton 's bumper year for tickets -- and it also was the year Rep. Van Zant was caught by Hampton 's radar guns . He promptly paid his ticket , but the experience reminded him of the growing stack of citizen complaints . In April 2013 , Van Zant asked the state auditor general to look into the city 's finances . Barry Layne Moore came into the mayor 's office last fall promising things were going to change . By then , the auditors had visited City Hall , and people had a sense bad news was coming . But they still had no idea how bad . Moore barely had time to trim the hedges before he was snagged in a sheriff 's sting operation . According to court documents , he allegedly sold a single , 30-milligram oxycodone pill -- a "  blueberry " in street terms -- to an undercover informant for $ 20 . The mayor was sitting in the Bradford County jail in February when the audit was formally released and the battle for the 89-year-old city 's survival began . The audit was scathing , citing violations of Hampton 's city charter , as well as state and federal tax codes . The audit found plenty of other irregularities that shocked lawmakers -- including rampant nepotism , double-dipping and runaway expenses . There were duplicate payroll checks , a $ 132,000 credit account at the local BP station and convenience store and $ 27,000 in charges run up on a credit card for items that "  served no public purpose . " In all , the 31 violations read like a text book of municipal malfeasance . Read the audit -LSB- PDF -RSB- Legislators Bradley and Van Zant called for Hampton 's demise . "  Why is this even a city ? " Bradley wondered . The two men met with residents last month at the Bradford County Courthouse and were taken aback by the passion of their pleas to spare Hampton . Some residents said yanking the charter would be like victimizing them twice . A criminal investigation is under way as Hampton continues to fight for its life . The lawmakers issued a list of conditions city officials would have to meet if Hampton is to survive as a city . Basically , Hampton was told it would have to elect a new city council , hire a new staff , give back the annexed strip of land along U.S. 301 and get out of the speed trap business for good . Police Chief John Hodges , City Clerk Jan Hall and her son , chief maintenance worker Adam Hall , had already quit or been fired by then . After the lawmakers delivered their list of demands , City Council member Charles Norris Hall , the clerk 's husband , submitted his resignation . The center of government was no longer what former mayor Jim Mitzel called Hampton 's "  City of Halls . " Moore resigned as mayor from the jail , where he is awaiting trial on the drug charge . He had been suspended since his arrest . The city attorney also resigned . The remaining council members replaced councilman Hall with a Baptist preacher and brought Cooper on board as the city attorney . If it survives , Hampton will hold a special election in September . The four members of the city council -- including a deputy who works at the jail and who hand-delivered Moore 's resignation letter -- have agreed to resign after the election . The city also will vote to amend its 1925 charter , eliminating its police force . There literally will be a new sheriff in town . Hampton also is in the process of adopting an ordinance that would release the annexed strip of U.S. 301 . It will hold onto the strip of land along County Road 18 , because a water line serves a new subdivision there , but Hampton will no longer touch U.S. 301 . Cooper , the city attorney , said he is optimistic that Hampton can convince its critics that it has cleaned up its act . "  Each of these items has been addressed , or we are addressing it , " he said . "  If we are operating within the statutes and within the law and our citizens want their city , they should be open to it . "  Hampton 's been there a long time . "	Hampton expects to learn fate at tonight 's meeting with Florida lawmakers The city , pop . 477 , was given a month to show it can govern itself If lawmakers are not satisfied , they vow to push bill to dissolve Hampton State audit revealed mismanagement , corruption , questionable spending
Zachary Quinto opened up for the first time about his relationship with "  Glee " and "  Boss " star Jonathan Groff in Out magazine 's October issue . While declining to give specifics , he said , "  I 'm incredibly happy , I 'm incredibly lucky . " Quinto also spoke of his decision to come out last year . "  I thought about it as coming out from behind the wall , " Quinto told the magazine . "  Walls now are only as high or as thick or as strong as we allow them to be . " Later , he further explains , "  One of the defining conversations that I had with myself was that absolutely no good can come from me staying quiet about -LSB- my sexuality -RSB- . Literally , no good can come from it . But if I take the step to make the acknowledgment and be honest , so much good could potentially come from it . " The feature also touched on Quinto 's increasingly public political preferences . As anyone who follows Quinto on Twitter is already aware , the "  American Horror Story " star is very politically active . He talked with Out about how important he felt the upcoming Presidential election is . "  It boggles my mind that there are so many extreme Christian organizations that are adopting a stance against homosexuality with such a vitriol and hatred and targeted aggression that goes against the tenets of the Christian faith , " he said . "  The hatred that people are leading with in this discussion is really , for me , the biggest symptom of how sick we are . " See the full article at EW.com .	Zachary Quinto opened up to Out magazine about his relationship with Jonathan Groff Quinto : "  I 'm incredibly happy , I 'm incredibly lucky " The "  American Horror Story " star is very politically active on Twitter
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two top North Korean diplomats were traveling to Santa Fe , New Mexico , to hold talks with Gov. Bill Richardson , the governor 's spokesman said . Kim Myong Gil is a senior diplomat with the North Korean mission to the United Nations . Kim Myong Gil and Taek Jong Ho , senior diplomats with the North Korean mission to the United Nations , left New York on Tuesday and are scheduled for a two-day meeting with Richardson , said a U.S. source with knowledge of the visit and a senior State Department official . Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , has traveled to North Korea several times in the past , most recently in April 2007 to secure the return of remains of U.S. soldiers killed during the Korean War . The U.S. source with knowledge of the visit said that the North Koreans had asked Richardson for the meeting . Richardson would listen to what the North Koreans had to say but would not do any negotiating , the source said . The three will meet at the governor 's mansion in Santa Fe for all-day talks Wednesday and then discuss renewable energy initiatives on Thursday , according to Richardson spokesman Gilbert Gallegos . New Mexico is a leader in the United States in exploring renewable energy technologies . The visit comes on the heels of former President Bill Clinton 's trip to North Korea to gain the release of two U.S. journalists held in Pyongyang . Obama administration officials had said they hoped the release of Laura Ling and Euna Lee would give North Korea a face-saving opportunity to return to talks aimed at ending its nuclear program . North Korea has said it would not return to the so-called six-party talks with the U.S. , South Korea , Japan , Russia and China . The New Mexico trip could signal that the North Korean regime was ready to re-engage with the international community , the source said . "  The timing is interesting , " said the U.S. source . "  It 's two days . Interesting things can always be said . And any interesting thing can be passed on to the  Obama  administration . " Because of existing sanctions on Pyongyang , North Korean diplomats serving at the mission to the United Nations are limited to travel within a 20-mile radius outside the New York city limits . The North Koreans had asked for permission to travel to New Mexico , and the State Department granted it , a senior State Department official told CNN . "  The North Koreans asked for permission to travel and as in the past , we have said yes , " the official said . "  But we do n't know what they want to talk to Bill Richardson about . If the North Koreans want to talk , they know who to talk to . They can come back to the six-party process and tell us if they are ready to move toward denuclearization . " CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Source : Richardson would be listening but not negotiating Richardson spokesman : Renewable energy initiatives to be discussed on Thursday N. Korean envoys ' visit comes on heels of former President Clinton 's trip to N. Korea North Korea has said it would not return to so-called Six Party Talks
CNN  -- The last few months have witnessed a dramatic turn in the way democratic politics are conducted in a sovereign country that is also a member state of the European Union . The depth of the economic crisis and the increasing dependency of Greece on external funds to survive have led to an unprecedented degree of national humiliation and destabilization of the political system . Greek parliamentary practices are operating under emergency procedures , a government has been overturned overnight and constitutional practices are being bypassed . The national parliament , the symbol of representative and competitive democracy in Greece , has become purely symbolic and procedural in the way it votes for its austerity laws . External pressures to impose a Special Commissioner to run the country 's finances and recommendations regarding the date of national elections -- and the most desirable outcome -- are all attacking the heart of Greece 's democracy , its sovereignty . To be sure , Greek democracy was far from perfect before , suffering from clientelism , nepotism and corruption , but it had made significant strides since the country 's entry into the European Community in 1981 . Similarly , national sovereignty had become vulnerable way before 2009 , as a result of increasing debt to unsustainable levels and a state deficit whose extent was not even calculated properly . Yet what we are seeing now is the undermining of Greece 's political class , and a fall in levels of trust in the political system . The historical responsibility for this state of affairs lies with domestic mismanagement , political incompetence and the constant missed opportunities for reform . This unprecedented level of economic recession and social alienation means Greek democracy is moving backwards at a rapid pace . In times of crises , history comes back with a vengeance . There are those who revisit the past in order to understand what went wrong and blame the main culprits for the impasse . Others refer to similar historical parallels and focus their attention on comparable historical moments . Indeed during the history of modern Greece , democracy has often suffered from instability , uncertainty , military intervention and authoritarian or exclusionary practices . A frequently mentioned historical reference is the interwar period , when the economic crisis shook the Greek political environment , and led to instability , military coups and eventually the fascist dictatorship under politician Ioannis Metaxas in 1936 . Some remember the years of Nazi occupation during Second World War and the humiliating blow to Greece 's national dignity , a very popular reference in present-day Greece and an impulsive reaction to the current pressure from Germany . Others refer to the more recent past of the post-war period of the 1950s and 1960s when the country suffered from an exclusionary and defective semi-democratic process led by the triarchy of the monarchy , the military and the right-wing forces . This type of illiberal and exclusive democracy led to the imposition of the military junta in 1967 . As with these historical examples , observers of the current political instability are worried about the high levels of disapproval among Greece 's political class , the extent of social reaction and mobilization on the street and the degree of political polarization . Greece is gradually losing its middle class , the pillar of the political center , as politics is increasingly dominated by extremists of both sides . As usually happens during political instability , the extremists are the ones that gain in strength while those in the center become most vulnerable . Indeed , recent opinion polls show a remarkable defeat of the two-party system -- the center left  PASOK  and the center right  New Democracy  -- as voters move towards left-wing politics and , occasionally , the extreme fascist right . In the past , Greek democracy often suffered from polarized and extreme politics . But the reasons were endogenous and had to do with the balance of power between the military , the monarchy and party politics , and the reactions of those who were excluded and wanted to participate in the political process . Politics in post-civil war Greece was a clear example of polarization and political exclusion . For the first time since the 1974 transition to democracy , Greek democracy has experienced an unprecedented level of development and consolidation which is inter-connected with the country 's membership of the European Community . Ironically , it is the source of Greece 's democratic strength that threatens today the achievement of the past four decades . For the first time , the threat to Greece 's democracy comes from the club of western democratic states , who treasure liberty , promote and assist democracy and use their normative soft power in international politics . It is a democratic German ruling political class , a democratic government fully accountable to its citizens , which recommends a commissioner , suggests that technocratic governments are maybe more efficient and is afraid of Greek national elections . It is the eurogroup of the democratically elected financial ministers of the rich , prosperous northern European countries that is curtailing the choices of a free government and are demanding the strict supervision of a fellow member state . Greek democracy is threatened by the very entity that contributed to its consolidation . Greek democracy is not in danger of falling into the hands of the military because the Greek military is confined to its barracks , is well under civilian rule and military rulers have no interest in political intervention -- not that there is any political power left to seize anyway . The danger to Greece 's democracy comes from abroad , where the urge for the economic competitiveness of the country through internal devaluation is hurting political competitiveness and freedom of choice . Since its inception as an independent state , Greece has looked to the west to improve its democracy , for the emulation of models in the state administration and education and legal systems . The West has been the main orientation of a country on the periphery of Europe 's geography , which provided the templates for reform and modernization . More recently , the accession into the European Community unleashed all the benevolent forces of Greek democracy in the company of the most advanced democracies of the world . And countless times , Greece and other southern European countries were presented as excellent examples of democratic consolidation , examples to be followed by the post-communist central and east European states . The European Union has been the beacon of constitutional practices , human rights , party political competition , and the main source of strength of the international standing of its member states . What we are seeing now in Greece is democratic regression to pre-membership levels , polarized politics , the undermining of the ruling classes and the loss of national sovereignty . Soon the country will urgently need a "  pre-accession strategy " of political reconstruction , next to a much-required strategy for economic growth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Othon Anastasakis .	Financial crisis is attacking the heart of Greek democracy and sovereignty Greek politics are increasingly dominated by extremists on both sides Finance ministers of northern Europe are curtailing the choices of a free government Greece is now democratically regressing to pre-European Community membership levels
Mexico City  CNN  -- A judge has given a Mexican singer accused of raping a teen a six-day extension to present evidence in the case , state media reported . In a hearing Saturday that was closed to the media and the public , pop singer Kalimba signed a statement stating that he was innocent of the charges , lawyer Eliezer Garcia told the state-run Notimex news agency . Prosecutors in the state of Quintana Roo allege he raped a 17-year-old girl in a hotel there in December . Last week , the singer , whose full name is Kalimba Marichal Ibar , was deported from the United States to Mexico after an immigration violation in El Paso , Texas , U.S. Border Patrol spokesman Ramiro Cordero said . The 28-year-old singer is a former member of the group OV7 , and also was the voice of Simba in a Spanish version of Disney 's "  The Lion King . " After Saturday 's hearing , an employee and a guard at the prison where the singer is being held asked him for his autograph , Notimex said . Outside the prison , the news agency reported that hundreds of fans marched to show their support . Groups of teenagers carried signs and shouted , "  Let Kalimba out ! " and "  He is innocent ! " About 500 fans also gathered to show support for the singer in the nation 's capital Saturday , Notimex said , carrying signs that said , "  Kalimba we are with you " and "  Kalimba , cheer up , Christ loves you . "	Kalimba signs a statement that says he is innocent of the charges He is accused of raping a teen in a hotel in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo Fans march in support of the pop star outside the prison where he is held Report : An employee and a guard at the prison ask for the singer 's autograph
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey 's prime minister held his first meeting Thursday night with leaders of Taksim Solidarity Platform , a loose coalition of various groups of demonstrators from Gezi Park , platform leader Eyup Muhcu said . The meeting came after 24 hours of calm in Istanbul and followed a Wednesday evening gathering between the prime minister and a group of individuals attempting to act as mediators for the protesters in Gezi Park . Earlier , the prime minister called on protesters camped out in the park to pack up and leave . "  We are running out of patience , " Recep Tayyip Erdogan told members of his party in the capital , Ankara , on Thursday . "  I am making this warning for one last time . " The government has been delivering conflicting messages . On the one hand , it appeared to slightly soften its stance by saying it would hold a referendum on Gezi Park 's fate , but at the same time , the government delivered yet another ultimatum Thursday for the demonstrators to evacuate . Erdogan intensified his heated rhetoric , at times pushing into the absurd . Gezi Park reeks , making it high time for police to clear it out , Erdogan said . "  It stinks of pee . In fact , some of them even poo in there . " He lashed out at rowdy demonstrators , whom he called "  vagabonds " and "  thugs . " But he also told peaceful protesters they need not complain about the actions of his police , because they had put themselves in the line of tear gas fire by associating with the wrong people and illegal groups . "  Where dry wood is burning , fresh wood will also burn unnecessarily , " Erdogan said . He vowed to continue routing out rowdies and ordered peaceful protesters out of the park , asking them to leave police alone with "  illegal groups . " "  Come forward , mothers , fathers , please , claim your children . Let those children withdraw from that area , " he said . "  We are on the one hand waiting for the judiciary process . On the other hand , we would take a step towards a plebiscite and we 'll follow whatever Istanbul people decide . "  But please own up to your children , take them out , " he continued . "  Otherwise we can not wait any longer , because Gezi Park does not belong to occupation forces ; Gezi Park belongs to Istanbul people and the whole nation . " Erdogan 's party has organized counterprotests for the weekend to give a voice to Turkey 's "  quiet majority to the people and the world , " he said . They will show the international community "  a real , true picture of Turkey . " Two rallies will be held away from anti-government protests to avoid possible confrontations , he said . Negotiations On Wednesday , the prime minister met with protest mediators for four and a half hours , but some leaders , such as with the Taksim Solidarity , one of the main protest groups , backed out because of what it described as heavy-handed police measures Tuesday night in the square . But on Thursday night , leaders of Taksim Solidarity were heading to meet with the prime minister in Ankara . Harsh actions against protesters could strain Erdogan 's strategic friendships with much of the West -- relationships that are particularly critical in light of the civil war ravaging Turkey 's neighbor , Syria . Turkey is a NATO ally with a democratically elected government . Opinion : Past and future collide in Turkey clashes The anti-Erdogan protests show no sign of abating . What began in late May as a demonstration focused on the environment -- opposition to a plan to build a mall in Gezi Park -- has evolved into a wider protest against Erdogan that 's spread around the country . Letters from Turkey , with pride International criticism Erdogan also dealt a slap to the European Union for a resolution it passed Thursday condemning his country 's police crackdown on protesters and the suppression of opposition voices . "  The European Parliament 's decisions about us , I am not recognizing those decisions , " he said . The comments triggered a thunderous standing ovation and roaring cheers from party members . "  How dare you make such decisions about my country ? " His angry words were echoed by Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , who said the European Parliament had no right to censure Turkey if it did n't do the same when other European nations tackled protests in similar ways . For example , he said , water cannons and tear gas were used by German security forces at an Occupy protest in Frankfurt on June 1 , the same day as they were deployed in Turkey , without drawing criticism . "  Turkey will always support the freedom of demonstration ... but if this is misused , we distinguish between the innocent demonstrators and the marginal groups who try to misuse the right of demonstration , " he said . He accused some people of trying to damage Turkey 's image in the eyes of the world . Turkey has for many years expressed the desire to become a member of the European Union . Experts and human rights groups say Erdogan 's government lags when it comes to human rights and freedom of expression by opponents . "  Prosecutors and courts continued to use terrorism laws to prosecute and prolong incarceration of thousands of Kurdish political activists , human rights defenders , students , journalists and trade unionists , " Human Rights Watch wrote in a 2013 report on Turkey . Turkish journalists are afraid to write anything critical of the government , and media companies are slapped with huge tax fines for covering uncomfortable topics . According to the Committee to Protect Journalists , Turkish authorities have targeted journalists with detention for covering the protests . The prime minister has said many times he will not back down . On Wednesday evening , Taksim police took two foreign nationals into custody on grounds that they resisted police , according to the Turkish Radio and Television Corp. official website . It was reported that the two men were journalists working for a Canadian television and covering the protests in Taksim Square . On Thursday , the U.S. Embassy in Ankara issued a security message to American visitors , highlighting a risk of terrorist attacks on U.S. diplomatic , consular and military facilities in Turkey . "  The U.S. Embassy has received an increased number of reports indicating terrorist organizations are targeting these facilities , " the advisory said . It said U.S. diplomatic facilities will remain open for business "  in the absence of specific and credible threat information that can not be otherwise countered . " What 's driving unrest and protests in Turkey ? CNN 's Ivan Watson , Nick Paton Walsh , Gul Tuysuz and Arwa Damon reported from Istanbul ; Josh Levs , Ben Brumfield and Greg Botelho reported from Atlanta . Michael Martinez reported from Los Angeles .	Prime minister met with Taksim Solidarity Platform , a coalition of protesters Prime Minister Erdogan to EU : "  How dare you make such decisions about my country ? " It 's time to clean out the park for sanitary reasons , he says Erdogan : Peaceful protesters should not complain about police action
Riyadh , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- Nayef bin Abdulaziz , Saudi Arabia 's interior minister , has been named the new crown prince of the key oil-producing nation , ascending at a time of regional turmoil amid the populist Arab Spring movement and simmering international issues involving Iran and other neighbors . The news , following a royal decree signed by King Abdullah , was announced early Friday on state-run Saudi Television . The official Saudi Press Agency reported that the decree was issued the previous evening . Crown Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud , the king 's half-brother , died in a New York hospital on Saturday after being ill for some time . His funeral was held three days later in Riyadh . As was the case with his predecessor , the move makes Nayef bin Abdulaziz the heir to the Saudi throne . He will assume his new post at a tension-filled time in the Arab world . The longtime leaders of Tunisia , Egypt and Libya have fallen in recent months during the so-called Arab Spring , while those in Yemen , Syria and elsewhere are holding on to power despite continuing popular unrest . Violence remains a problem in neighboring Iraq , as well as Afghanistan . Iran , a longtime rival of the Saudi royal family 's , is still at odds with much of the international community over its nuclear program , among other issues . Before the announcement , Nayef had been considered a likely successor to his brother as crown prince . He was named in 2009 as second deputy prime minister , a post held by the second in line to the throne . Nayef has served as the Saudi interior minister since 1975 , having overseen the kingdom 's counterterrorism efforts . Saudi Arabia is one of the only countries that has truly dismantled a domestic al Qaeda network , said Christopher Boucek , a Saudi expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  Nayef is widely seen as a hard-line conservative who , at best , is lukewarm to King Abdullah 's reform initiatives , " read a classified U.S. Embassy cable leaked by the website WikiLeaks . In addition to his new title , Nayef will remain interior minister , according to Friday 's announcement . The Saudi Press Agency noted that he also has been appointed deputy premier , meaning he will officially hold three positions in the Saudi government . He and others met Thursday with a U.S. delegation that included Vice President Joe Biden , CIA Director David Petraeus and Sen. John McCain . Ascension to the Saudi throne is kept within the royal family , though it does not pass from father to son . Instead , it 's a complex process , and decisions in the conservative kingdom are often cloaked in secrecy . Nayef 's appointment follows the first-ever convening of the Allegiance Council , which the king established in 2006 to discuss and allow for more transparency on succession issues . The king made his decision after receiving their input . Afterward , Abdullah instructed Nayef 's fellow princes to pledge allegiance to him as the new crown prince . CNN 's Rima Maktabi contributed to this report .	NEW : Other princes were told , by the king , to pledge allegiance to Nayef , state media says NEW : Besides being crown prince , Nayef also will be deputy premier and interior minister A leaked U.S. Embassy cable described Nayef as a "  hard-line conservative " The previous crown prince died Saturday in New York
CNN  -- Former first lady Barbara Bush was moved out of the intensive care unit of a Houston , Texas , hospital into a regular room Thursday after surgery to repair and seal a perforated ulcer , a hospital spokeswoman said . Ex-first lady Barbara Bush has been moved out of ICU and into a regular room . Bush , 83 , was in good spirits and was joking with hospital staffers , the Methodist Hospital spokeswoman said . She was being fed intravenously . Her doctor said earlier she will be allowed no food by mouth for about a week , to avoid possibly stretching her abdominal area . The former first lady showed up at Methodist 's emergency room Tuesday night complaining of severe abdominal pain , Dr. Patrick Reardon , who performed the surgery , told reporters Wednesday . Doctors determined Bush had a perforated ulcer in her duodenum , the first portion of the small intestine after the stomach , he said . In the operating room , doctors thoroughly cleaned her abdominal cavity of any contaminants that had leaked through the hole , described by the hospital as being one centimeter in diameter . Then , doctors repaired the ulcer and sewed a piece of the fat tissue in the abdomen , on top of it to seal it , Reardon said . Bush 's husband , former President George H.W. Bush , was with her Thursday morning , but was leaving to attend Thanksgiving dinner with his son Neil , the Methodist Hospital spokeswoman told CNN . The ulcer was biopsied and is benign , Reardon said Wednesday . He suggested it might have been caused by anti-inflammatory medications . CNN 's Sean Callebs contributed to this report .	Barbara Bush had surgery to repair and seal a perforated ulcer Bush , 83 , is in good spirits and was joking with hospital staffers Former first lady being fed intravenously to avoid stretching abdomen The ulcer has been biopsied and is benign
CNN  -- Chelsea 's Didier Drogba has been crowned African Footballer of the Year for the second time . The Ivory Coast striker , who also claimed the honor in 2006 , fought off tough opposition from Inter Milan 's Cameroon ace Samuel Eto ; o and his club teammate Michael Essien , who plays for Ghana . The result was announced at a ceremony in Accra , Ghana , with Drogba succeeding Manchester City 's Togo star Emmanuel Adebayor . The award was judged by national coaches from countries affiliated to the Confederations of African Football  CAF  . Drogba , who was not at the ceremony as he prepares for English Premier League action with Chelsea this weekend , will receive $ 20,000 . The 32-year-old played a leading role as the Elephants qualified for this summer 's World Cup finals , but the Ivory Coast disappointed in the recent Africa Cup of Nations where they were knocked out in the quarterfinals . But Drogba 's form this season for Chelsea in their bid to win the treble of Premier League , FA Cup and Champions League has been outstanding with 25 goals in all competitions . Africa Cup of Nations runners-up Ghana were the other big winners on the night with striker Dominic Adiyiah claiming the Young Player of the Year award . Sellas Tetteh was named Coach of the Year having led the Black Stars to success in the under-20 World Cup . Africa Champions League winners TP Mazembe from the Democratic Republic of Congo were named Africa Club of the year . The Best Player on the Continent also went to their captain Tresor Mputu Mabi . Algeria , who upset Africa Cup of Nations winners Egypt to qualify for the World Cup where they are in the same group as England and also reached the semifinals of the Africa Cup of Nations , were named National Team of the Year .	Didier Drogba claims African Footballer of the Year award for the second time Drogba beats off challenge of Samuel Eto'o and Chelsea teammate Michael Essien Ghana 's Dominic Adiyiah wins Young Player of Year award
Health.com  -- "  Life is good , I got ta be honest , " laughs Giuliana Rancic . She 's in her apartment in Chicago with her husband , Bill . And who 's napping in his room ? Their baby boy , Edward Duke . "  I 'm in baby heaven , " says the Italian-born TV host and fashion designer , sounding surprisingly calm considering that one year ago , after four years of struggling to conceive , she got the devastating news that she had breast cancer . Viewers of the couple 's hit Style Network show "  Giuliana & Bill " know the story well : Giuliana went through three IVFs  one she miscarried ; one did n't take  , and then , at 36 , was diagnosed with cancer . She had a double mastectomy . Unable to carry the embryos from her third IVF  due to her cancer medication  , she enlisted a gestational surrogate , who gave birth to their son on August 29 . Come November , after a few months of baby-bonding , it 's back to work . On November 12 , Giuliana will return to "  E! News " with a new co-anchor , Terrence Jenkins . In addition to her co-hosting gig on E! 's Fashion Police , she has just launched her G by Giuliana Rancic collection on HSN , and will host NBC 's spring show Ready for Love with Bill . Now , she tells Health what she 's learned about staying positive when your world turns upside down . Health : Congratulations on Duke ! What 's your favorite thing about him ? Rancic : I love when I feed him in the middle of the night . Those moments are incredible , when it 's so quiet and there 's just a little bit of a light on , just looking at his little face . Health : The road to baby was a tough one for you . You 've said you were blindsided by how difficult it was . Rancic : It was a big shock ! I always say how I chased my career instead of chasing guys . And everybody was patting me on the back . No one ever told me , "  Oh , by the way , your eggs change when you reach a certain age . " I did n't think 35 was old ! So when the doctor said , "  It 's not as easy as you thought it would be , " it was a real blow . Because I felt so young . I mean , this is a girl who was running six miles a day , and eating healthy , so how can you tell me that I 'm not healthy in that department ? Health.com : A top doc reveals 8 fertility misconceptions Health : So would you have done anything differently ? Rancic : I do n't think I would 've frozen my eggs . A lot of people throw that out there , like , "  Oh , just freeze your eggs . " That is major . It 's surgery ! As a 25-year-old making not a lot of money , you 're not just going to go through all that and freeze your eggs . Health : Were you ever frustrated to see other women getting pregnant ? Rancic : My first IVF I did get pregnant -- that was the miscarriage . But the second one , I did not get pregnant , and that was the biggest kick in the stomach , because I just could not believe you go through so much to get those eggs and put them in , and when the doctor calls you , to hear , "  Oh , sorry , it did n't work . " That was the most shocking . I would go , "  I 'm a good person , and I could give someone the greatest life of all , but yet I ca n't get pregnant . " And then you watch these TV shows , "  16 and Pregnant , " and these girls who want nothing to do with their babies are pregnant . And you 're going , what ? None of that made sense to me . Health : Had you known what was coming , would you have chosen to keep any of this private ? Rancic : Had you given me a crystal ball when we were signing on to do the reality show that said , "  This is what 's coming up , do you want to do it ? " I would 've said absolutely not . You could n't pay me enough . But , looking back , I 'm so happy that I did do it . As I would question God , "  Why are you doing this to me , why me ? " I think God knew I was a loud-mouthed Italian girl who would get out and share my story , not tuck it under a rug . Health.com : Are fertility drugs safe ? Health : After finding your cancer , did you know what your next steps would be ? Rancic : No way , are you kidding ? I was shell-shocked . I thought I was going to die . I did n't know that if you find breast cancer early enough , you have a 98 percent survival rate . I went to work right after finding out and did E! News . I recently watched that episode and I do n't know how I pulled it off . Afterward , I ran into my dressing room and started hysterically crying . Bill was really the one who had to pick me up off the floor and say , "  Hey , we 're making a plan here . " He took over . Health : You seem to display such grace under pressure . What is your secret ? Rancic : Focus on the positive . Whenever I was so sad , when I was on the floor kicking and screaming and crying , the best way I could pull out of it was when I would remind myself : Even with this happening , you 're still better off than a lot of people . For me , it was saying , "  Yes , I have breast cancer . Yes , I had to have a double mastectomy . " But , you know what ? Thank God I 'm going to a good doctor . I 'm so fortunate I found it early . I 'm so fortunate to have Bill . I 'm so fortunate that I have a boss who understands . Health : What is your cancer prognosis right now ? Rancic : As of this week , I 'm a one-year survivor ! I get checked every three months , and I 'm looking good . Health.com : 25 breast cancer myths busted Health : Where do you feel your absolute happiest ? Rancic : Taking a long walk on the lakefront of Chicago with my husband and my baby boy . Giluiana answers your questions What is the best way to support a friend after a miscarriage ? -- Allison McDonald , Bainbridge Island , WA Rancic : If you have n't been through a miscarriage , just listen . Do n't say , "  It 's going to be OK . " Just give your friend a shoulder to cry on , and say , "  I can only imagine what you 're going through . " And , "  You have every right to feel sad . " Let her talk , let her cry , and let her just be . It was very difficult -LSB- for me -RSB- when people were telling me , "  Next time you 'll get pregnant . " Well , how do you know that ? It just made me angry . " Health.com : Pregnancy advice examined What made you decide to go with a surrogate versus adoption ? -- Traci Holton , Miami Rancic : Adoption was something we were very open to , but when we did the third IVF , we got the embryos and I would have put them into myself , but that was when we found the breast cancer . Part of the treatment is five years of tamoxifen , which can cause birth defects . So we said , "  Dr. Schoolcraft , what now ? " He said the next step should be surrogacy because we had the embryos . As Bill likes to say , they were "  on ice . " So we met this lovely French girl who was living in America and she carried our baby for nine flawless months . We are still open to adoption if we decide to have more kids . But we do still have some embryos on ice , so if we wanted to try surrogacy again , we could . How can you best help a friend who has cancer ? -- Kate Gallagher Leong , Valley Forge , PA Rancic : If you call and say , "  Can I do anything for you ? " nine out of 10 times , do you know what they 're going to say ? "  No , no , I 'm OK . " When you are going through cancer , you feel out of control , so you overcompensate . So basically , you insist . Call and say , "  While you have your doctor 's appointment , do you mind if I come watch your kids ? " Or , "  I 'm just going to drop off groceries ; you do n't even have to come to the door . " As a breast cancer survivor , I hated the ordeal , but I 'm ultimately glad I had cancer , as it shifted my priorities . Were there any good parts for you ? -- Diana Tumminia , Brooklyn , New York Rancic : If I could erase all this , I would . But I ca n't , so I look at the positive . It made me a stronger and a better person . It definitely shifted my priorities . But I still love my career . I so love fashion and makeup and designing . Like CNN Living on Facebook Copyright Health Magazine 2011	TV personality Giuliana Rancic battled infertility , miscarriage and then cancer If you have n't been through a miscarriage , just listen . Do n't say , "  It 's going to be OK , " says Rancic Cancer-free for one year , and with a baby through a surrogate , she says , "  Life is good . "
CNN  -- They did n't really look like a bird , a plane or Superman , but two high-flying acrobats did look strikingly similar to presidential candidates Mitt Romney and President Barack Obama when they jumped from a plane to promote an upcoming parachute competition . The coordinated 12,000-foot parachute jump , complete with masks resembling the presidential candidates , was performed by Travis Fienhage and Andy Malchiodi , world and U.S. freefly champions from a California parachuting team . The duo 's election season leap celebrates the coming 2012 U.S. Parachute Association 's National Skydiving Championships , the world 's largest skydiving competition , according to the USPA . Five hundred of the nation 's top skydiving daredevils will compete in Eloy , Arizona , from October 25 through November 3 . On tap for this year 's competition : formation skydiving  four - , 10 - and 16-person parachute jumping teams  , artistic events  which include freeflying and freestyle competitions  , freefall style and accuracy landing , canopy formation and vertical formation skydiving . For the U.S. parachute team , this will be its final chance to perfect its aerial acrobatic skills before heading to Dubai in November for the World Parachuting Championships .	Two high-flying acrobats jump in Romney and Obama masks They 're out to promote a parachute competition The U.S. Parachute Association 's National Skydiving Championships start Oct. 25
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Major Egyptian opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradei warned of potential violent unrest after President Hosni Mubarak announced late Thursday he would not step down before September elections . Mubarak "  is gambling with his country " in order to stay at the helm , ElBaradei told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . He reiterated the message of his Twitter account , which read , "  Egypt will explode . Army must save the country now . " Major clashes between the people and the army , which Egyptians traditionally believe has been on their side , would be devastating , said ElBaradei , a Nobel Peace Prize winner and former director of the International Atomic Energy Agency . ElBaradei 's outlook had changed since hours before , when Egyptians , including thousands packed in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , expected Mubarak to step down rather than delegate powers to Vice President Omar Suleiman . The arrangement failed to mollify opposition leaders or those who have rallied in Tahrir Square for more than two weeks . Another mass protest is planned again Friday after prayer services . "  Mubarak is only one part of this regime , " human rights activist Gigi Ibrahim , one of the Tahrir Square protesters , told CNN . "  People have been here for 17 days , and they are not for Suleiman , either , " Ibrahim said . "  Mubarak has lost all legitimacy , and now him handing over the power to the vice president is as illegitimate as Mubarak being in power . " ElBaradei told CNN that Egyptians will not accept the new arrangement . "  Suleiman is considered to be an extension of Mubarak . They are twins . Neither of them is acceptable to the people , " he said . "  For the sake of their country , they should go . " ElBaradei said a leadership council and a caretaker government should rule the North African nation for one year during a transition to a more democratic process . Mubarak 's defiant remarks about foreign intervention , and his determination to see the transition through , was not what most in the Tahrir Square crowd wanted to hear . "  Get out ! Get out ! " many chanted as he spoke . After the speech , parliamentary speaker Ahmed Fathi Srour told state-run Nile TV that Mubarak 's move had put the authority for the day-to-day running of the government in Suleiman 's hands . The vice president referred to the past two weeks as the "  revolution of the young people . " Suleiman told the protesters to go home and back to work . That had not happened by early Friday . Yaser Fathi , one of the organizers of a post-speech protest in the northern city of Alexandria , told CNN hundreds of demonstrators marched to an Egyptian military base . They asked the armed forces to intervene and shouted that "  the military must step in to get Mubarak out , " Fathi said . Khalid Abdalla , a demonstrator in Tahrir Square and star of the motion picture "  The Kite Runner , " said early Friday that it 's "  an incredibly sad moment right now . " "  Everyone 's lost , " the actor said . "  People are trying to work out what more they can do . " Egyptian journalist , writer and blogger Ethar El-Katatney , appearing on CNN 's "  Parker Spitzer " Thursday night , likened Mubarak 's speech to American television 's "  Father Knows Best . " His earlier speech announcing he would step down in September had gained him some empathy , she said . El-Katatney said she was worried that Friday could be "  bloody " because of the people 's frustration . Nobel laureate Ahmed Zewail , a potential Egyptian presidential candidate , said he sees "  several different scenarios " through which a transition could take place . "  The important thing is that the army will protect this transition until a new Constitution is in place , " Zewail told CNN before the Mubarak speech . "  I am very much appreciative of the fact that armed forces are controlling what 's going on . " Freed cyberactivist Wael Ghonim , who emerged as a reluctant hero of Egypt 's uprising , had seemed pleased with just the prospect of Mubarak leaving office . He is on leave from his marketing job with the search engine Google in Dubai and was held for 10 days during the protests . "  Revolution 2.0 : Mission Accomplished , " Ghonim wrote on his Twitter account earlier Thursday , before Mubarak 's speech . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Saad Abedine and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Mohamed ElBaradei says Mubarak and Suleiman are "  twins " ` Egypt will explode . Army must save the country now , ' ElBaradei says Crowds chant "  Get out ! Get out ! " during Mubarak speech
