CNN  -- It 's been three years since Japan was hit with its worst-ever earthquake , causing serious damage to Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . The 9 magnitude quake and subsequent tsunami sent three of Fukushima 's reactors into melt-down , shocking the world . Japan , a fully industrialized country with high safety requirements , was facing a nuclear disaster of a similar scale to the deadly 1986 Chernobyl accident , in Soviet Ukraine . As a result , many countries decided to review their energy policies . Before the accident , 442 nuclear power reactors in 30 countries produced 14 % of all world 's electricity . This number dropped to just 11 % in 2012 , as 15 reactors exited service -- mainly in Germany and Japan . Today , 435 reactors operate in 31 countries , and a further 68 are under construction . After the Fukushima disaster , Japan pulled back its nuclear ambitions , ordered large-scale inspections and introduced new safety regulations . All of its 48 remaining reactors have been kept offline and a proposal to restart the program awaits parliament 's approval . Germany shut down eight of its oldest reactors almost immediately after Fukushima , focusing instead on renewable energy , and phase-out all of its nuclear power by 2022 . Switzerland adopted a similar approach when the government decided not to build any new reactors and phase out its nuclear production by 2034 . This was despite a national referendum in which a majority of people voted in favor of more reactors . But not all countries got scared . Both France , which has the world 's highest share of nuclear power for its electricity production , and the U.S. , the world 's largest producer , reaffirmed their positions on the power source . Both countries continue to invest heavily into safety improvements . All four "  BRIC " countries are boosting their nuclear power production , with India aiming to supply 25 % and Russia 45 % of their electricity from nuclear power by 2050 , and Brazil planning to build five new reactors by 2030 . China is facing pressure to cut its pollution levels and reliance on coal . China already operates 20 reactors and aims to more than triple its nuclear capacity by 2020 . Read more : The ` nuclear renaissance : ' What went wrong ? Read more : Five big questions about Fukushima 's nuclear power mess Read more : Inside Fukushima damaged power plant Editor 's note : Due to variations in terminology , various sources quote slightly different numbers of nuclear reactors worldwide . For the purpose of this report , CNN used World Nuclear Association data and considered only the reactors connected to the grid and supplying electricity to consumers as active .	The Fukushima nuclear disaster changed attitudes towards nuclear power Germany shut down its oldest reactors and plans to phase-out nuclear by 2022 Emerging markets are investing heavily into nuclear power
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The killer of "  Harry Potter " actor Rob Knox has been given four life sentences and told he will be behind bars for at least 20 years . The parents of Robert Knox read a statement outside the Old Bailey after Karl Bishop was found guilty of his murder . A judge at the Old Bailey court in central London sentenced 22-year-old Karl Bishop on Thursday , the day after he was convicted of the attack on Rob Knox and four of his friends in southeast London last May . Bishop stabbed them 10 times in less than two minutes , the court heard . Knox , 18 , had rushed out of the bar after he heard that Bishop had threatened his younger brother Jamie but he ended up being stabbed five times , once in a main artery . He died in hospital later that night . The judge , Mr Justice Bean , told Bishop : "  You are at present a highly dangerous man , " the Press Association reported . "  There is plainly a very significant risk to the public of serious harm caused by your committing further offences of violence . "  Because you had threatened his younger brother , Rob Knox was among those who tried to disarm you . He paid for his bravery with his life . "  The truth is that you simply could not care less whether you killed him or not . When you learned that you had killed Rob your only response was to say ` Yeah , sweet . ' " Days before the attack , the actor had finished filming on "  Harry Potter And The Half-Blood Prince , " due for international release in July , in which he played the role of Marcus Belby . He was set to reprise the part in future "  Harry Potter " films . Knox 's father Colin told mourners at his funeral , including co-star Rupert Grint , that his son had been "  living the dream , " PA said . The Knox family left the court without commenting , but earlier Rob 's mother Sally said of Bishop : "  Once he 's got his sentence and he 's gone , I will not waste my time thinking about him . "  I just think maybe somebody like him may have some kind of disturbed mind , which may not be due to the life he 's had , it just may be something in him . " Knife crime in Britain is a political hot topic due to a spate of recent killings of mainly young people in major cities . UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown has urged tougher sentences for those caught carrying knives . He told the Daily Telegraph last month : "  By carrying a knife you are not only endangering the lives of others , but you are more likely to be killed , or end up in jail . "  We need to change the way young people think about knives , we need families and communities working together ... to get this message across and help stamp out knife crime and get weapons off our streets . "	The killer of "  Harry Potter " actor jailed for life , must serve at least 20 years Karl Bishop , 22 , attacked Rob Knox with 2 knives in southeast London last May Knife crime in Britain is political hot topic due to spate of recent killings
CNN  -- FIFA will meet with Interpol on Monday as soccer 's governing body continues its bid to stamp out illegal gambling and match-fixing , it announced on Friday . FIFA president Joseph Blatter and the international crime-fighting organization 's secretary general Ronald Noble will then face the press later that day . The announcement came after British newspaper The Daily Telegraph reported that FIFA 's investigation centered on a Singapore-born convicted match-fixer who was based near London 's Wembley Stadium -- the home of England 's national football team . "  The threat from match-fixing to the integrity of the global game is significant , " FIFA 's head of security Chris Eaton told the paper . "  England is the home of football and London is a global financial center so it does not surprise me that the financial aspects of this activity lead to London . " FIFA investigates officials amid match-fixing claims More than 300 club and international matches are under scrutiny , including two friendlies involving Bolivia , Latvia , Estonia and Bulgaria in Turkey in February . "  Interviews with those involved have told us that that fixers can spend upwards of $ 300,000 to stage a friendly international and they do that with the expectation of a significant profit margin , " said Eaton , who formerly worked for Interpol . "  Our information is that we are talking about tens of millions of dollars in profit from each successful fix . " The Telegraph said the main suspect at this stage was Raj Perumal , who was convicted of match-fixing in Singapore in 1995 and fled his home country last year . He has been held in Finland since February , the Telegraph said , and has been linked to the two matches in Antalya that month that saw all seven goals scored from the penalty spot . Blatter plans final term as Bin Hammam calls for change Meanwhile , former FIFA executive committee member Amos Adamu has appealed against his three-year suspension for allegedly agreeing to accept bribes in the build-up to the votes for the 2018 and 2022 World Cup tournaments . The Nigerian has turned to the Court of Arbitration for Sport in order order to overturn the FIFA Appeal Committee 's decision to ban him from any activity related to football at national and international level . CAS said that Ahongalu Fusimalohi , former general secretary of the Tonga Football Association , had also appealed against his two-year ban by FIFA for similar offenses . FIFA suspend officials amid allegations of World Cup bid corruption The "  bribes for votes " scandal took another twist earlier this week when the president of the South American football confederation claimed he received an invitation to last month 's British royal wedding the day before the December 2 ballot in Zurich . Nicolas Leoz said he received it when he had breakfast with Prince William , who is president of the English Football Association and was a key figure in the nation 's ultimately unsuccessful bid to host the 2018 event . "  No-one from FIFA was offered an invitation to the wedding in return for their vote , I can categorically state that , " a spokesman for the prince told the UK Press Association on Wednesday .	FIFA expected to make announcement on match-fixing probe after Interpol meeting Soccer body 's president to meet with crime organization 's secretary general FIFA investigating illegal gambling and match-fixing in more than 300 matches Former FIFA executive committee member appeals against three-year ban
CNN  -- With their budgets teetering on bankruptcy , states are digging deep to find creative ways to ease their financial woes . If marijuana were legalized , it could become California 's No. 1 cash crop . Although fiscal year 2009 was grim for states , observers predict that 2010 will be even worse . "  The numbers that states are looking at in terms of their shortfalls is truly staggering . And all of this is happening in an environment where raising taxes is still pretty toxic , and it 's pretty explosive , " said Sujit CanagaRetna , a senior fiscal analyst for the Council of State Governments . Instead of raising taxes , states are putting taxes and fees on specific items and services as they try to decrease their budget gaps . "  You see this blizzard of fees popping up all over the country and in very unusual places , " CanagaRetna said . One of the more controversial ideas is to legalize the sale of marijuana , as proposed in a bill introduced in California 's state legislature by Democratic State Assemblyman Tom Ammiano this year . The bill proposed taxing pot by $ 50 per ounce . If legalized , marijuana could become California 's No. 1 cash crop , bringing in an estimated $ 1 billion a year in state taxes . The bill was shelved this session , but a revised version will probably be reintroduced . See budget woes , state-by-state " Last week , Oakland became the first U.S. city to tax proceeds on medical marijuana . Other California cities have discussed a similar tax . This year , lawmakers in Georgia turned not to pot but to poles as a possible source of additional revenue . Republican state Sen. Jack Murphy 's proposed "  pole tax " would have charged patrons of strip clubs a $ 5 entrance fee . The bill was not approved . Nineteen states have explored gambling-related proposals as ways balance their 2010 budgets , according to the National Council of State Legislatures . In Alabama , lawmakers considered bringing more bingo games to the state and legalizing slot machines , but the measure was not approved . Delaware 's Democratic Gov. Jack Markell signed legislation creating a sports lottery that legalizes single-game betting . Four professional sports leagues and the NCAA have filed a lawsuit over plans for the lottery , fearing that it threatens the integrity of the games . "  Basically , what we are dealing with is a larger issue here , which states have been grappling now for a few years , that is the shift in our economy away from manufacturing economy to a service-based economy , " CanagaRetna said . He noted that when sales tax does n't apply , states are n't able to capture the economic activity . Here are a few of the more interesting ways states are trying to conserve -- and create -- some extra funds : Can you be more creative than your state ? Leave your suggestions below .	States consider creative approaches to raise money Georgia lawmakers proposed $ 5 charge for patrons of gentlemen 's clubs Delaware approved sports lottery , but it 's getting pushback from pro leagues Larger issue is shift from manufacturing to service-based economy , analyst says
CNN  -- Mexican authorities said Friday that they have not arrested the son of drug lord Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , contrary to what they had said a day earlier . The nation 's navy announced Thursday that it had arrested Alfredo Guzman Salazar in western Mexico . A day later , after doing more identification tests , it said it had not arrested Guzman 's son . El Chapo , who oversees the powerful Sinaloa drug cartel , is considered the most wanted man in Mexico . In 2009 , Guzman Salazar was indicted in Illinois , together with his father , on various drug trafficking charges . . CNN 's Kevin Gallagher contributed to this report .	Alfredo Guzman Salazar is the son of drug lord Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman El Chapo is considered the most wanted man in Mexico . Father and son were indicted in Illinois on drug trafficking charges in 2009
CNN  -- Tottenham moved up to third in the English Premier League as Emmanuel Adebayor helped welcome manager Harry Redknapp back to the dugout with both goals in Monday 's 2-0 win against Aston Villa . Redknapp had minor heart surgery three weeks ago , but returned earlier than expected to see his side edge above London rivals Chelsea and Newcastle on goal difference . Tottenham now trail Manchester United by four points and Manchester City by nine , with a game in hand on both teams . The victory extended Spurs ' unbeaten league run to nine matches following two early defeats to the Manchester sides -- the club 's best showing in the opening 11 games since the 1967-68 season . "  I enjoyed the way we played tonight , I think the fans enjoyed it as well -- they 've seen lots of great teams over the years and they 're enjoying the way this team 's playing , " Redknapp said . "  It 's great to be back tonight - I would n't want to watch it at home again , that was nerve-wracking . " Adebayor 's brace at White Hart Lane represented his first goals for Spurs since a double against Liverpool in his second league appearance for the club on September 18 . Rafael van der Vaart had netted in five successive games after that before missing the win over Fulham , and the Dutchman 's return from a hamstring injury gave Tottenham too much potency for a Villa side which included former Spurs fullback Alan Hutton in right midfield to combat the threat of Gareth Bale . But manager Alex McLeish 's ploy failed to pay off as Welsh winger Bale caused constant problems , and it was from his scuffed shot after Villa failed to clear a corner that Adebayor acrobatically hooked home the 13th-minute opener . The on-loan Manchester City forward , who made his international return for Togo last week , doubled the lead five minutes before the break when he forced in from close range after Villa defender James Collins failed to cut out Bale 's teasing near-post cross . Adebayor should have completed a hat-trick in the second half but Spurs could not convert their continued dominance into more goals . Redknapp was able to bring off Van der Vaart with 20 minutes to play , allowing striker Jermain Defoe a chance to impress ahead of Saturday 's trip to West Bromwich Albion . Villa stayed eighth on 15 points after 12 games , but have yet to win away in the league this season after four draws and two defeats . Meanwhile , Chelsea manager Andre Villas Boas earlier insisted that his job is safe despite Sunday 's 2-1 defeat by Liverpool , the club 's third in four league games . The 33-year-old former Porto coach said his relationship with billionaire owner Roman Abramovich was still good . "  He did n't pay 15 million euros  $ 20 million  to get me out of Porto and another fortune to get me out of Chelsea , " he said . "  It is not a question of the owner having patience . I have said we have set out to build something new at this club and the club is committed to what we are building for the future . " Malaga moved up to fifth in Spain with a 3-1 victory away to struggling Racing Santander on Monday . Santander dropped to the bottom on goal difference below Real Sociedad and Granada , whose match against Mallorca on Sunday was called off when a linesman was hit by an object thrown from the crowd . Visiting Malaga broke the deadlock three minutes after halftime through teenage midfielder Isco , and a 66th-minute own-goal by Alvaro Gonzalez doubled the lead . Manuel Arana gave Santander hope four minutes later , but veteran Dutch substitute Ruud van Nistelrooy set up Uruguayan forward Seba Fernandez for a late volley .	Emmanuel Adebayor scores both goals in Tottenham 's 2-0 win over Aston Villa Manager Harry Redknapp returns to the dugout following minor heart surgery Home win lifts Tottenham above Chelsea and Newcastle into third place on goal difference Malaga up to fifth in Spain 's La Liga with 3-1 win at bottom club Racing Santander
CNN  -- Are you missing a beloved four-legged friend from the past ? Or , on a far sillier note , would you like your very own Grumpy Cat or Doge ? A new app aims to help you find a lookalike for your departed or dream pet by using photo-matching software to find the closest match in your area . PetMatch lets you upload a picture of a dog or cat , or use one from its gallery . It then tries to find you a pet available for adoption that is the closest possible match to the one you posted . The app is from startup Superfish and uses its patented image-recognition technology . It scans your photo , registering details like the shape of an animal 's mouth , the distance between its eyes , its coloring and its general size and shape . It then performs a similar search on PetFinder , a database with photos of hundreds of thousands of animals up for adoption throughout the United States , and gives you the closest overall matches , as well as the closest ones in your area . Of course , it 's not perfect . If the picture you upload shows an animal at an odd angle , is blurry or otherwise differs from typical shots by animal-rescue groups , there 's no telling what it will return for you .  Tech-news site The Verge claims a photo of Lady Gaga produced a "  matching " image of a hamster . The app also does n't necessarily consider the breed of the animal you photograph , if that 's something that 's important to you . And , of course , we love our animals for reasons other than their appearance . Photos do n't show personality . Or intelligence . Or , in special circumstances , megalomaniacal tendencies and palpable disdain for underlings . We tested the app with a photo of Cash , a gray-and-white Scottish Fold cat in Atlanta , and it returned matches of cats with similar coloring in Jefferson , Georgia ; Knoxville , Tennessee ; Huntsville , Alabama ; Charlotte , North Carolina , and other neighboring states . A few of the cats looked vaguely like Cash , although most did not . But the pool of available cats may grow larger as more pet shelters connect with the database . The PetMatch app , released this month , is currently available only on Apple 's iOS operating system . And while it will no doubt be helpful to pet seekers , PetMatch is not the only product the folks at Superfish have in mind . The company has been around since 2006 and its photo-recognition tool has been available as a standalone iOS app or a Web browser extension for a while . Now , it 's planning to expand its item-specific offerings , with jewelry and furniture apps in the works .	New PetMatch app lets you upload photos to find a lookalike for a dog or cat App 's photo-recognition searches PetFinder for the closest match It 's currently available only for Apple mobile devices
CNN  -- Rip it up and start again . As a 20-year-old , Ana Ivanovic claimed the French Open on Roland Garros ' clay courts . All the portents suggested great things were ahead of the Serbian . Here was a tennis player with an impressive forehand and serve , with the added bonus of being incredibly marketable . But six years on , much like the characters Vladimir and Estragon in Samuel Beckett 's play "  Waiting for Godot " -- a drama about the passing of time -- the wait for a second grand slam shows no sign of ending . Since that win in Paris in 2008 , Ivanovic has suffered from big-match nerves , serving woes and a series of injury problems . It is arguable she has also endured something of an identity crisis , chopping and changing coaching teams along the way . Her continuing search to help solve this problem and allow her to feel comfortable in her own skin has led her to appointing a support network who speak the same language . "  I 've been working really hard , " Ivanovic told retired grand slam champion Kim Clijsters in an interview for CNN 's Open Court show . "  I have a new team with me since Wimbledon and it 's a Serbian team for me for the first time . " Ivanovic 's new team includes coach and hitting partner Nemanja Kontic -- who represented Montenegro in the Davis Cup -- fitness coach Zlatko Novkovic and physio Branko Penic . They have all been part of her entourage since her split with British coach Nigel Sears in July , following a second-round exit at Wimbledon . Her career is littered with coaches who have come and gone as she has searched for a winning formula to challenge consistently for grand slams . Since parting company with her early mentor Zoltan Kuharsky in 2006 , she has employed David Taylor , Craig Kardon , Heinz Gunthardt , Antonio van Grichen and Sears . A number of others have also helped her temporarily as part of the Adidas Player Development program . It 's not just coaches that have come and gone . It 's also true of fitness trainers . Such constant chopping and changing suggests a player stuck in a rut , desperately searching for a way out of it . Her desire to follow up that 2008 French Open win has also led Ivanovic to ponder why she picked up a racket at the age of five in the first place -- for the enjoyment . "  We are also having more fun and a lot of laughs on the court as well to make it interesting , because the year gets very long , " she said of her team . In Kontic , Ivanovic may not have a wise professor on her hands as she did with Sears , yet the 32-year-old , ranked 1,635 th in men 's doubles , is able to offer her something that respect within the game can not always buy -- a shared cultural identity . "  I 'm really enjoying someone who speaks the same language and can understand you , " Ivanovic said . Employing a coaching team made up of her compatriots could be key to Ivanovic performing consistently , according to a former grand slam champion turned coach . "  She 's hooked up with someone she has trust in and she 's finding herself , " Jo Durie , who won mixed doubles at the Australian Open and Wimbledon , told CNN . "  It 's about confidence with Ana . Her sense of trust in herself is what she needs . "  A lot of players on tour jump around with coaches , I can never understand that . You need to get to know someone . " Ivanovic 's solitary grand slam win helped the baseliner become the world No. 1 , for 12 weeks in total . Now ranked 14th , she has been outside of the top 10 since June 2009 , partly explained by her inability to reach the final four of a grand slam since that 2008 win over Dinara Safina in Paris . Wrist , shoulder , foot , abdominal and hip injuries all took their toll as Ivanovic fell to No. 65 in the rankings . Although she acknowledges that there have been improvements in the demands of the WTA Tour calendar , parts of the worldwide schedule are still difficult for the players . "  Especially at the end of the year when from America we mostly go back to Europe for a week and then we go to Asia for quite a few weeks , so that 's kind of tiring and hard , " she said . "  I know it 's difficult to fit it all around it , but Asia at the end of the year really gets a lot of players . " While her playing fortunes might have fluctuated , Ivanovic 's marketability has never been dented . According to Forbes , she was the ninth highest-paid female athlete in 2013 with total earnings of $ 7 million -- brought in largely thanks to lucrative sponsorship deals including Adidas , Yonex , Juice Plux and Dubai Duty Free . Ivanovic has had a number of high-profile boyfriends -- including Masters-winning golfer Adam Scott and fellow tennis player Fernando Verdasco -- but as Caroline Wozniacki has discovered , it is tough combining consistency on court with such a relationship . Her latest campaign , though , does not look like being clouded by such distraction or , just as importantly , injury . Kicking off the 2014 season in Auckland , New Zealand , she ground out a victory against fellow former No. 1 Venus Williams to end a more than two-year title drought . It was the ideal preparation for next week 's Australian Open . Despite Ivanovic 's obvious talent , Durie doubts whether her game has the consistency required to win a grand slam . "  I think she 'll find it difficult , " added Durie . "  She can beat the top players , but to win a grand slam you have to win seven matches . "  She 's capable of big wins , she can certainly beat players like Serena Williams . But can she beat Petra Kvitova and Serena in a row ? " Clijsters retired for a second time in 2012 , having won four grand slams , as she decided to focus on her family -- and has since had a second child . Ivanovic , now 26 , admitted that she too has started thinking about life after tennis . "  I still feel like there is so much I can achieve and so many tournaments I can win , " she told the Belgian . "  I do n't want to put a date to it because I think you feel it when the time is right . Family is a big part of my life and I want to have lots of kids of my own one day . "  Tennis is a big part of my life , but it 's not my whole life . So definitely I want to achieve what I can on the court and then focus . "	Ana Ivanovic has a new all-Serbian team behind her for the first time The 26-year-old has parted company with a number of coaches in the past The Serbian 's last grand slam success came at the French Open in 2008 She is feeling confident about new season after finishing 2013 ranked 16th
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The contentious debate over so-called enhanced interrogation techniques took center stage Wednesday on Capitol Hill as a former FBI agent involved in the questioning of terror suspects testified that such tactics -- including waterboarding -- are ineffective . From left : Sens. Lindsey Graham , Sheldon Whitehouse , Patrick Leahy and Dianne Feinstein listen Wednesday . Ali Soufan , an FBI special agent from 1997 to 2005 , told members of a key Senate Judiciary subcommittee that such "  techniques , from an operational perspective , are ineffective , slow and unreliable and harmful to our efforts to defeat al Qaeda . " Soufan 's remarks followed heated exchanges between committee members with sharply differing views on both the value of the techniques and the purpose of the hearing . Soufan , who was involved in the interrogation of CIA detainee Abu Zubaydah , took issue with former Vice President Dick Cheney , who has said that enhanced interrogation techniques helped the government acquire intelligence necessary to prevent further attacks after September 11 , 2001 . The techniques , which the Bush administration approved , are considered torture by many critics . Watch analysts discuss harsh interrogations and torture " "  From my experience -- and I speak as someone who has personally interrogated many terrorists and elicited important actionable intelligence -- I strongly believe that it is a mistake to use what has become known as the ` enhanced interrogation techniques , ' " Soufan noted in his written statement . Such a position is "  shared by many professional operatives , including the CIA officers who were present at the initial phases of the Abu Zubaydah interrogation . " Soufan told the committee that within the first hour of his interrogation of Zubaydah , the suspected terrorist provided actionable intelligence . But once the CIA contractors took over and used harsh methods , Zubaydah stopped talking , Soufan said . When Soufan was asked to resume questioning , Zubaydah cooperated . After another round of more coercive techniques used by the contractors , however , Soufan said it was difficult for him to re-engage Zubaydah . One of four recently released Bush administration memos showed that CIA interrogators used waterboarding at least 266 times on Zubaydah and Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , the suspected planner of the September 11 attacks . "  People were given misinformation , half-truths and false claims of successes ; and reluctant intelligence officers were given instructions and assurances from higher authorities , " Soufan testified . "  I wish to do my part to ensure that we never again use these ... techniques instead of the tried , tested and successful ones -- the ones that are also in sync with our values and moral character . Only by doing this will we defeat the terrorists as effectively and quickly as possible . " Watch as Soufan makes his case before the panel " Soufan was hidden behind a protective screen during his testimony before the Judiciary Committee 's Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts . Staffers for the committee cited "  documented threats " against him , noting his previous interaction with al Qaeda terrorists as well as his undercover work against Islamic extremists . Philip Zelikow , who was a top aide to former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , repeated an accusation during the hearing that Bush officials ordered his memo arguing against waterboarding to be destroyed . The order , "  passed along informally , did not seem proper , and I ignored it , " Zelikow said . He said that his memo has been in State Department files and is being reviewed for possible declassification . Zelikow slammed the "  collective failure " behind the government 's adoption of "  an unprecedented program of coolly calculated dehumanizing abuse and physical torment to extract information . This was a mistake , perhaps a disastrous one . " He added that some "  may believe that recent history , even since 2005 , shows that America needs an elaborate program of indefinite secret detention and physical coercion in order to protect the nation . ... If they are right , our laws must change and our country must change . I think they are wrong . " Watch Zelikow tell CNN 's Kiran Chetry how U.S. leaders came to the wrong conclusions on interrogation policy " Committee Republicans warned that the hearing ultimately could contribute to diminished national security . "  As we harshly judge those who had to make decisions we do n't have to make , please remember this : that what we do in looking back may determine how we move forward , " said Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina . "  And let 's not unnecessarily impede the ability of this country to defend itself against an enemy who , as I speak , is thinking and plotting their way back into America . " A top intelligence source familiar with the Bush administration 's interrogation program was dismissive of Soufan 's credibility as a witness . "  It 's puzzling that someone who questioned a single high-value detainee for just a few months claims to be able to talk about the value of a program that lasted nearly seven years after he was part of it , " the source said . "  Suffice it to say , there are varying accounts of the facts and circumstances surrounding the interrogation of Abu Zubaydah . " Soufan wrote an op-ed in The New York Times in April arguing that there "  was no actionable intelligence gained from using enhanced interrogation techniques on Abu Zubaydah that was n't , or could n't have been , gained from regular tactics . " He said that "  using these alternative methods on other terrorists backfired on more than a few occasions . ... The short-sightedness behind the use of these techniques ignored the unreliability of the methods , the nature of the threat , the mentality and modus operandi of the terrorists , and due process . " While at the FBI , Soufan was involved with investigations of sensitive international terrorism cases , including the East Africa bombings , the 2000 attack on the USS Cole and the September 11 attacks . Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse , D-Rhode Island , opened the hearing by accusing Bush administration officials of lying about the use of techniques that had damaged the country 's standing in the world . Watch Whitehouse and Graham at the hearing " "  The truth of our country 's descent into torture is not precious . It is noxious . It is sordid , " Whitehouse said . "  It has also been attended by a bodyguard of lies . ... President Bush told us America does not torture while authorizing conduct that America has prosecuted . ... Vice President Cheney agreed in an interview that waterboarding was like a dunk in the water , when it was used as a torture technique by tyrannical regimes from the Spanish Inquisition to Cambodia 's killing fields . " CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report .	Committee Republicans say hearing could help diminish national security Ali Soufan : "  People were given ... half-truths and false claims of successes " Ex-FBI agent takes issue with Dick Cheney , who says such tactics helped U.S. The techniques , OK 'd by Bush administration , are considered torture by some
London  CNN  -- The winners of this year 's British Wildlife Photography Awards have been announced . The competition , which was established in 2009 , has produced another batch of stunning entries capturing the diversity and beauty of wildlife in the UK . An image of a jellyfish taken by Richard Shucksmith in the waters off Sula Sgeir -- an uninhabited island 41 miles north of the isle of Lewis , Scotland -- was declared the overall winner . Greg Armfield , photography and film manager at WWF -- one of the competition 's several sponsors -- called it "  a truly beautiful shot , " which "  perfectly captures its iridescent and magical qualities . " Shucksmith picked up Â # 5,000  $ 7,800  for the shot with category winners being awarded Â # 1,000  $ 1,555  . The Young British Wildlife Photographers prizes went to 16-year-old Oliver Wilks for his "  Fox Yawning " image , while Walter Lovell  aged eight  captured an amazing image of a frog and its spawn . Seventy of this year 's best images will go on show at WildlifeXpo in London this October before heading off on a countrywide tour . Next year 's competition opens at the beginning of February 2012 . Submissions are welcome from all nationalities , but photos must be shot in the UK .	Winners of the 2011 British Wildlife Photography Awards announced Image of jellyfish taken off a uninhabited Scottish island declared overall winner Competition open to photographers worldwide but photos must be taken in UK
RAYNHAM , Massachusetts  CNN  -- It 's a crisp New England day and Paul Monti is sitting in the backyard garden he built to honor the memory of his son , sipping coffee from his favorite Boston Red Sox mug , and nursing what he calls a "  morning cigar . " Sgt. Jared Monti always put others first , as a boy and as a soldier , his dad says . These are daily rituals that help him deal with his son 's death three years ago , while serving the U.S. Army in Afghanistan . "  I come out here and sit on the bench and sit in the flowers , " says Monti , a retired schoolteacher . "  This is where I get my solitude . " And that 's when the stories start pouring out of this proud dad , stories about how Sgt. Jared Monti -- who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor by President Obama on Thursday -- always had the instinct to help other people . There was the time that Jared was in high school and came home , to this house with the American flags flying on the porch , and asked his dad if he could cut down one of the spruce trees in the front yard . A single mom down the street in this tiny town outside Boston could n't afford a Christmas tree , and Jared wanted to take care of her family for the holidays . Watch more on the life and death of Sgt. Jared Monti " Or the time that Jared was stationed at Fort Bragg in North Carolina , and chipped in with a roommate on a $ 500 dining set for their apartment off base . One day the roommate came home and was infuriated to find the furniture missing . "  He said , ` Jared , where 's the kitchen set ? ' " recalls the dad . "  Jared said , ' Well , I was at one of my soldiers ' houses today and his kids were eating on the floor and they needed the kitchen set more than we did . So we 're going to have to find another place to play quarters . ' So that 's the kind of thing he did . " But even that kind of generosity pales in comparison to what young Monti did on June 21 , 2006 , in the rugged northeast corner of Afghanistan near Pakistan . According to a Pentagon account and CNN interviews with soldiers who were there , Sgt. Monti was leading a small patrol that was ambushed by dozens of Taliban fighters . As rocket propelled grenades flew past his head , Monti got on the radio to call for backup . Sgt. Clifford Baird was on the other end of the line . "  We could start hearing the RPGs and the small arms fire , and then that 's when we started getting the calls over the radio to start giving them indirect fire support , " says Sgt. Baird . "  Just needed as much firepower as we could give them and as fast as we could give it . ... I would definitely say he was calm . Definitely knew how to stay calm under fire . " In between his calls for help , Monti was using his own rifle to engage the enemy . Suddenly he noticed that a young private named Brian Bradbury was badly wounded , unable to move , desperately exposed to enemy fire . Another sergeant said he would run out and try to save Bradbury , but Sgt. Derek James heard Monti say no . "  I remember him saying that Bradbury was his guy , so he was going to be the one to go get him back and bring him back to us , " says James . But with bullets flying , Monti had to take cover . He ran out a second time , but the enemy fire got more intense , so he stopped and yelled for help . Risking his life yet again , he then ran out a third time to try to save Bradbury . "  We knew he was going to get Bradbury -- then we all kind of heard him scream , " recalls James . Monti was mortally wounded and knew he was dying . So his family was in his final thoughts , which still touches his dad back in Massachusetts . "  He said the Lord 's Prayer and he said , ` Tell my family I love them , ' " recalls Paul Monti , struggling to control his emotions . "  And that 's about the most meaningful thing that there is . That he thought of us in his last moments . " Inspired , his squadron beat back the enemy , thanks in part to the backup that Monti had calmly called for earlier . But then there was a terrible twist . A U.S. helicopter lowered a medic to grab Bradbury , the young private Monti had tried to save , in order to get him quickly to a hospital . As the two men were being raised into the air , a cable snapped . Bradbury and the medic plunged to their deaths . Paul Monti says it 's frustrating that U.S. troops have never had the proper resources in Afghanistan . But he insists his son did not die in vain . "  He died doing what he felt he had to do , " he says . "  It did n't matter the end result because that was him . He just did what the soldier 's creed says : ` You never leave a soldier behind . ' " When Jared Monti was just a young boy , the family traveled to Washington and stood outside the White House gates to pose for a photo . As they return Thursday to honor their fallen son , Paul Monti is going through a mix of emotions . "  It 's wonderful meeting the president and it 's wonderful having my son receiving the Medal of Honor , but I would give all of it up to have my son back -- everything , " he says , next to a shrine in the living room with some of his son 's personal effects , including his uniform . "  There 's nothing I would n't give . Even my own life to get my son back . "	Sgt. Jared Monti was posthumously awarded Medal of Honor on Thursday Monti died in 2006 in Afghanistan trying to save young private who was wounded In his last moments , Monti asked his comrades to tell his family he loved them The private that Monti tried to save died after cable to rescue helicopter snapped
CNN  -- Two people were killed and 21 others were injured Wednesday when a tour bus went out of control and overturned on a freeway outside Austin , Minnesota , state authorities said . The bus , which was carrying senior citizens , overturned on Interstate 90 about three miles west of Austin , landing in a ditch off the right side of the roadway . At least 10 ambulances and several medical helicopters were called to the scene . "  All 23 people on board were either injured or killed , " said Andy Skoogman , spokesman for the Minnesota Department of Public Safety . Weather conditions were good when the bus , headed east , crossed the highway median , crossed over westbound lanes and overturned , Skoogman said . Watch video of tour bus crash site The cause of the accident was not immediately known , he said . Investigators talked with some passengers , he said , but had not yet talked with the driver . CNN affiliate KAAL reported the bus was returning to Rochester , Minnesota , from a trip to a casino in Northwood , Iowa .	Bus carrying senior citizens returning from casino trip in Iowa overturns in Minnesota Minnesota official : "  All 23 people on board were either injured or killed " At least 10 ambulances , several medical helicopters rush to the scene Weather conditions were good when the bus lost control on Interstate 90 near Austin
CNN  -- Republican Sen. Rob Portman gets so into character playing Barack Obama during debate prep that his performance four years ago sparring with then-GOP presidential candidate John McCain made his wife , Cindy , run out of the room crying . "  Part of your responsibility in these debates is to be tougher so the candidate you are helping is ready for the worst of it -- so you have to be mean . You need to get under their skin . Sometimes the candidate you are working with does n't appreciate it , and even more often , their family does n't appreciate it , " Portman told CNN in an exclusive interview . Portman is the Republicans ' go-to sparring partner for mock presidential debates . Since 2000 , he has played the roles of Al Gore , Joe Lieberman , John Edwards and Barack Obama . 5 things to watch in tonight 's debate Portman was careful not to discuss his current debate prep with Mitt Romney , since it is ongoing . Still , he said he has never agreed to an interview about his recurring Democratic role , until now . Portman said he spends hours reading , studying and watching everything he can get his hands on to best embody Democrats and to prepare Republicans for debates . Though he declined to portray his Obama imitation , those who have seen it say it is uncanny . "  He gets the style down , he gets the substance down , and he can really make you believe that he 's Barack Obama , " said Brett O'Donnell , a GOP debate coach who has worked with Portman over the years . "  He works very hard to understand every line of argument that the president might make and between those two characteristics , there is n't anyone better , " O'Donnell said . GOP sources say Portman 's no-holds-barred style has been especially important during his countless hours with the former Massachusetts governor , since Romney sources admit one of his potential weak spots is becoming overly defensive , which can result in a gaffe . A Romney adviser tells CNN his mock debates with Portman have gotten so intense that they make a point to build in breaks for him to decompress with his family . Inside Romney 's mock debates , which began a month ago at a friend 's home in rural Vermont , aides say they do their best to create what spokesman Kevin Madden calls "  game-day conditions . " That means practicing the best way to talk policy , but also making sure the room is set to feel as close to the real thing as possible : two podiums and a moderator , played by longtime Romney adviser Peter Flaherty . Members of Romney 's inner circle , including Beth Myers , Stuart Stevens and Ed Gillespie , then dissect the answers and look for areas of improvement . In debates , presidential candidates ' tics and tells matter O'Donnell says it 's impossible to underestimate the importance of the psychological aspect of debate prep . "  There 's three things that you have to do to prepare a candidates : they have to know the policy material , they have to know the answers to the questions . The second thing is they have to know the strategy and how to execute it . But the third thing and probably the most important is they have to be mentally prepared . "  It 's just like preparing an athlete , if they 're not mentally prepared for the worst of the worst then something will take them by surprise and so those mock debates are extremely important because I look at it like a batter in the on deck circle , they swing a heavy bat or a bat with a weight on it so that when they get in the batter 's box the bat feels lighter , " O'Donnell explained . Part of the prep is not just what Romney says ; it 's how he acts and reacts . Portman remembers preparing to play Al Gore in mock debates with George W. Bush during the 2000 campaign , and noticing that Gore got unusually physically close to his opponent , Bill Bradley . So Portman , acting as Gore , invaded Bush 's personal space during rehearsal . "  Governor Bush 's reaction was , ` He is not going to do that , that is ridiculous , ' and sure enough in that last debate , which was the one we were prepping for , Al Gore did just that . I saw Governor Bush smile . I wonder if he was smiling saying ` Darn , Portman was right ' or if he was just smiling at Al Gore , but he handled it well , " Portman recalled . O'Donnell , who was brought into the Romney campaign after a few underwhelming debate performances during the GOP primaries , says the candidate is extremely responsive to critiques . John King : Debate all about trust for Romney "  He is a great student of political debate . He works very hard at it , so I think that he is absolutely coachable . He was able to do things across the debates , change a strategy , that let him win a majority of these debates , " O'Donnell said . O'Donnell considers the CNN debate in Jacksonville , Florida , one of Romney 's great debate moments -- when Newt Gingrich refused to criticize Romney about lacking transparency as the former speaker had so often done on the campaign trail . Romney jumped in and asked , "  Would n't it be nice if people did n't make accusations somewhere else that they are n't willing to defend here ? " "  It took Gingrich 's argument and showed the absurdity in one line , " O'Donnell said . "  It created a moment in the debate where through one line , he could capture the imagination of the press , capture the imagination of the audience , and make a point -- make a strong point that crystallized that entire debate in one line , and that 's what Governor Romney has to be looking for now , " O'Donnell said . GOP sources say Romney has been working up a few one liners to get his points across , but O'Donnell also said he hoped the Romney campaign is n't also practicing "  zingers " as The New York Times reported over the weekend . "  It 's not about zingers , " O'Donnell said . "  A zinger might be just something funny , a comedic line , something to sort of break the monotony of the debate to try and capture the imagination , " he said . "  It 's something that 's sort of shoehorned into the debate . "  But a good line , Reagan 's line about his opponent 's youth and age , not making that an issue , a good line is a substantive line that does capture the imagination of the press and the audience , to overrun and deliver the message that you want and do it at the expense of your opponent . " Ann Romney : ` Dad ' is always with Mitt at the debates	Portman has portrayed Obama in Romney 's debate preparations Ohio senator has acted as Democratic candidate in mock debates since 2000 "  He can really make you believe he 's Barack Obama , " GOP debate coach says Romney adviser says mock debates are so intense , they had to build in time to decompress
New York  CNN  -- A small plane with apparent engine trouble made a forced landing Saturday on a busy highway in the Bronx , injuring three people , authorities said . The 1966 Piper PA-28-180 aircraft landed about 3:20 p.m near the East 233rd Street exit on the Major Deegan Expressway , authorities said . It appears the single-engine plane avoided cars on the normally busy highway that connects the Bronx with Westchester County , said police spokeswoman Annette Markowski . The sight of a small plane on its belly near the snowy edge of the highway surprised passing motorists . "  It did n't look like it crashed or hit any cars , " said Patricia Sapol , 29 , who was driving south on the highway with her husband shortly after the landing . "  It did n't look damaged in anyway . It was remarkable , to be quite honest . " She added , "  We 're like , Is this really happening ? There 's a plane on the highway . It was pretty neat . You do n't see that every day . " Police said there were three people on board : the pilot and two passengers . The three were were taken to St. Barnabas Hospital , fire department spokesman Frank Dwyer said . A hospital spokesman , Steve Clark , said one man and two women were transported . Two refused treatment and a woman was treated for a minor head injury , he said . The three were to be discharged . Fire officials initially said the three suffered serious injuries . Images from the scene showed the small plane on the highway , surrounded by emergency vehicles and first responders . There was no immediate information about damage to the aircraft or traffic on the highway at the time of the landing , authorities said . The northbound lanes on the Major Deegan -- where the plane landed -- were closed until about 6 p.m. , police said . The plane is registered to a resident of Westchester County .	Forced landing in the Bronx on major highway 3 people on board No reports of any vehicles struck by the aircraft
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai has criticized the timing of the U.S. drone strike that killed the leader of the Pakistani Taliban last week , his office said in a statement . Karzai made the comments when he met with a U.S. congressional delegation in Kabul on Sunday evening , the statement said . The Afghan President expressed hope that the death of the Pakistani Taliban leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , would not undermine cooperation between Afghanistan and Pakistan aimed at achieving a successful peace process . Mehsud , who had a $ 5 million U.S. bounty on his head for his alleged involvement in a 2009 attack on a U.S. base in Afghanistan , was killed Friday in a drone strike in northwestern Pakistan , senior U.S. and Pakistani officials said last week . The Pakistani government condemned the use of drone strikes on its territory after Mehsud 's killing . The U.S. ambassador to Islamabad was summoned to Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry on Saturday . Mehsud 's death happened as Pakistani authorities were working on efforts to hold peace talks with the Pakistani Taliban . There are fears that his killing could jeopardize the proposed talks . In a different initiative , the Afghan government announced plans last week to send a delegation to Pakistan to meet with Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , a former Afghan Taliban leader who was released last month from detention by Pakistani authorities . The planned visit plays into efforts to pursue peace in war-torn Afghanistan , where NATO and Afghan troops have been fighting the Afghan Taliban for more than a decade . The Afghan Taliban condemned the drone strike that killed Mehsud as "  cowardly " and "  barbaric " in a statement posted on their website Saturday , the SITE intelligence group said . The statement urged the Pakistani government and people to take measures to stop the attacks . The Pakistani Taliban have voted to elect Asmatullah Shaheen , who is on Pakistan 's most wanted list , as their interim head , an official for the group said . The group , also known as Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan , will not be making an announcement on a new permanent leader for several more days , according to Azam Tariq , a member of the Pakistani Taliban 's Shura Council , their centralized decision-making body .	Karzai says he hopes the killing of Hakimullah Mehsud wo n't hurt cooperation with Pakistan He made the comments when he met with a U.S. congressional delegation A U.S. drone strike in northwestern Pakistan killed Mehsud last week Afghan officials plan to travel to Pakistan to meet a former Afghan Taliban leader
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Actor Heath Ledger was found dead Tuesday of a possible drug overdose in a Lower Manhattan apartment , the New York Police Department said . Heath Ledger was unresponsive when a housekeeper found him in a Manhattan apartment Tuesday . The Academy Award-nominated actor was 28 . Ledger was found naked and unresponsive , facedown on the floor at the foot of his bed by a housekeeper trying to wake him for an appointment with a masseuse , said police spokesman Paul Browne . "  Pills were found in the vicinity of the bed , " he told CNN . "  This is being looked at as a possible overdose , but that is not confirmed yet . " Browne later told reporters some prescription medications were found in the room , including sleeping pills . But he stressed police have made no determination of the cause of Ledger 's death -- that would be done by the medical examiner . He said the pills were not "  scattered about . " No note was found and there was no indication of foul play , Browne said . Ledger was found at about 3 p.m. , and was pronounced dead at the scene by emergency personnel about 3:30 p.m. Watch a report about Ledger 's death " A crowd of onlookers , photographers and reporters gathered outside the apartment building after news of Ledger 's death was reported . Police officers were guarding the doors . Browne said he did not know how long Ledger had been renting the apartment , which he said took up the entire fourth floor . An autopsy would be conducted on Wednesday , said Ellen Borakove , spokeswoman for the New York City medical examiner 's office . Watch Ledger 's body being removed " Ledger 's family called his death "  very tragic , untimely and accidental . " "  Heath has touched so many people on so many different levels during his short life , but few had the pleasure of truly knowing him , " his father said . "  He was a down-to-earth , generous , kindhearted , life-loving , unselfish individual extremely inspirational to many . " Hollywood reacts Condolences began pouring in from Ledger 's friends and co-stars . "  I had such great hope for him , " said Mel Gibson , who played Ledger 's father in "  The Patriot , " in a statement . "  He was just taking off and to lose his life at such a young age is a tragic loss . My thoughts and prayers are with him and his family . " Actress Nicole Kidman , a fellow Australian and close friend of Ledger 's , said in a statement , "  What a tragedy . My heart goes out to his family . " Watch the reaction at the Sundance Film Festival " At the time of his death , Ledger had just finished playing the villain The Joker in "  The Dark Knight , " the latest installment in the Batman series . The film is to open in July . Ledger was born in Perth , Australia , and named Heathcliff Andrew after the main characters of Emily Bronte 's "  Wuthering Heights . " He began acting at a local theater as a child . Find out more about the actor " Ledger 's first American film was the teen comedy "  10 Things I Hate About You " in 1999 , and he immediately attracted attention from Hollywood . He passed up several scripts before taking a role in the Revolutionary War drama "  The Patriot " in 2000 and "  A Knight 's Tale " in 2001 . He also played a supporting role in "  Monster 's Ball , " among other films . See a photo gallery of Ledger 's life and career " "  In a way I was spoon-fed a career , " he told the Glasgow Herald in 2005 . "  It was fully manufactured by a studio that believed it could put me on their posters and turn me into a product . ... I had n't figured out properly how to act , and all of a sudden I was being thrown into these lead roles . " Controversial role But Ledger was perhaps best known for his 2005 portrayal of Ennis Del Mar in "  Brokeback Mountain , " about two cowboys who had a secret romantic relationship . The role earned him an Oscar nomination . "  I felt that choices were being made for me , so I feel this has been my time now to find the good stories and test myself , " Ledger told the Glasgow Herald in the 2005 interview . "  It has been an interesting year , where I finally have a sense of accomplishment . " Asked how he felt about filming love scenes with another man , Ledger said he and his co-star Jake Gyllenhaal simply focused on their roles . "  We ca n't say that we were n't nervous about it , " Ledger told Oprah Winfrey in 2006 . "  But once the first take was over , it 's like , ` OK . So what ? It 's kissing another human being . How are we going to finish this scene ? Let 's get on with it and let 's get out of here . ' " In a written statement , the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation said it mourns Ledger 's death , adding that his portrayal of Del Mar "  changed hearts and minds in immeasurable ways . " Ledger has a daughter , Matilda Rose , born in 2005 to his then-girlfriend , Michelle Williams , who played his on-screen wife , Alma , in "  Brokeback Mountain . " The couple have since separated . "  He was just so respected in the industry , " said Kim Serafin , senior editor of In Touch Weekly . "  It 's just horribly tragic . He was just a fine actor and a good person , so this is horribly sad and very unexpected . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Deb Feyerick , Susan Chun , Miguel Susana and Eden Pontz contributed to this story .	NEW : Ledger 's family calls his death "  very tragic , untimely and accidental " An autopsy will be conducted Wednesday No note was found and there was no indication of foul play , police say The Academy Award-nominated actor was the father of a young daughter
CNN  -- We tend to think of the 2008 financial crisis as the atom bomb that smashed the American economy , and from which we have yet to recover . But what if our economic woes started far earlier than that ? The recession officially began in December 2007 , and some scholars , including Jeremy Nalewaik of the Federal Reserve , argue that if we measure gross domestic product by looking at incomes rather than expenditures , it actually started in the last three months of 2006 . That is , we started digging the hole even earlier than is commonly understood . And now a number of scholars are suggesting that our troubles really began in the early 2000s , yet they were masked by an unsustainable housing boom . The recovery has been extremely uneven , with college-educated workers faring better than non-college-educated workers . This has led a number of economic thinkers to suggest that the persistence of high unemployment flows in no small part from a structural dynamic . Just as the transition from an agricultural to an industrial economy created tremendous dislocation in the Depression era , and the transition from an industrial to a service-oriented economy devastated America 's Rust Belt in the sharp recession of the early 1980s , one possibility is that we are living through another painful transition , only we do n't have a good sense of what the United States will look like on the other side . This is the view embraced by thinkers on the left , like Joseph Stiglitz of Columbia University , and in the center , like Raghuram Rajan of the University of Chicago 's Booth School of Business , as well as many conservatives and libertarians who advocate structural reform . Though these thinkers acknowledge that weak consumer demand plays a role , they vary considerably in what they consider the appropriate formula for jump-starting growth and they are convinced that fixing the demand problem alone is n't enough . Others maintain that our current economic stagnation is almost entirely about weak consumer demand that flows from the damage the housing bust did to household balance sheets , and that some combination of fiscal and monetary stimulus should be our highest priority . This view is most commonly associated with liberals such as New York Times columnist and Princeton economist Paul Krugman . CNNMoney.com : Wall Street faces barrage of data A related view , which attributes dismal growth to a monetary policy that is far too tight , has been championed by the libertarian Bentley University economist Scott Sumner and a growing number of right-leaning thinkers . These thinkers tend to maintain that the "  structuralists " are missing the point . Even if there is a big economic transition is going on , its importance is swamped by the more straightforward shortfall in consumer demand . A number of economists , many of them based at the University of Chicago , have been devising new ways to test these theories to determine what has really happened to cause high unemployment . Last year , Atif Mian of the University of California , Berkeley ; and Amir Sufi of the University of Chicago 's Booth School of Business released a paper arguing that the central driver of the decline in employment levels between 2007 and 2009 -- the massive economic blow from which we have yet to recover -- was a drop in demand caused by shocks to household balance sheets . Mian and Sufi tested this proposition by comparing employment declines in high-leverage counties , in which households had higher ratios of debt to disposable income , and in low leverage counties , in which households had lower ratios . They found that high leverage counties saw a steeper drop in "  non-tradable employment " than low leverage counties , which led them to conclude that consumer demand shocks were indeed key . The non-tradable part matters because employment in tradable industries such as manufacturing depends on the health of the national and global marketplace while non-tradable employment  think restaurant waiters or physical therapists  depends on the health of the local marketplace . Of the 6.2 million jobs lost between 2007 and 2009 , Mian and Sufi attributed 4 million to this hit to consumer demand . Though Mian and Sufi do n't make explicit policy recommendations , one implication of their findings is that the best way to restore economic growth might be to address household balance sheet weakness directly , whether through debt forgiveness or an increase in inflation . Debt forgiveness would allow households to reduce mortgage payments , thus giving them more to spend , and inflation would erode the value of accumulated debt , thus making it more manageable . Just this month , Kerwin Kofi Charles of the University of Chicago 's Harris School of Public Policy and Erik Hurst and Matthew Notowidigo , both of the Booth School , offered a somewhat different take . Rather than focus exclusively on the period since 2007 , Charles , Hurst , and Notowidigo analyze shifts in the composition of employment from 2000 to 2007 . Specifically , they focus on how declines in manufacturing employment interacted with housing booms in different cities across the United States . Essentially , the authors find that while a negative shock to manufacturing employment had a big negative impact on employment for non-college-educated men , a positive shock to housing prices more than made up for it . Until , that is , the housing bust wiped out these gains . And so Charles , Hurst , and Notowidigo conclude that in the absence of the housing boom , the unemployment crisis facing non-college-educated men would have arrived much sooner . In other words , the 37 % rise in housing prices between 2000 and 2007 functioned as a kind of invisible stimulus that shielded non-college-educated men from most of the fallout from the collapse in manufacturing jobs , 3.5 million of which evaporated over that same period . By way of comparison , there are 12 million manufacturing jobs in the United States today . One irony of the housing boom is that it convinced millions of American men that there was no need to retrain for a new economic landscape , a decision that many might now regret . The views of Mian and Sufi and Charles , Hurst , and Notowidigo are not necessarily at odds . Charles , Hurst , and Notowidigo are very open to the possibility that household balance sheet weakness has played a significant role in the persistence of high unemployment . Yet there are interesting tensions between these views . By offering a compelling structural explanation for the steep employment decline among non-college-educated men in the wake of the housing bust , Charles , Hurst , and Notowidigo reinforce the view advanced by , among others , Booth 's Raghuram Rajan . In his well-regarded book "  Fault Lines , " Rajan argued that one of the reasons the federal government subsidized mortgages and pushed for low interest rates is that politicians saw it as a cheap and easy way to boost the economic prospects of low - and middle-income households in a deindustrializing economy . If Charles , Hurst , and Notowidigo are correct , tackling household balance sheet weakness might not be enough to address the economic challenges facing these men . Rather , men who were well-suited for either manufacturing or residential construction work will have to be retrained for jobs in very different fields . A darker possibility is that many of these men will drop out of the formal labor force entirely , and will find themselves living on the margins of society . This is the kernel of truth in the debate over outsourcing . Though the offshoring of production has greatly benefited the American economy in many important respects -- by lowering the cost of goods and services , by increasing the demand for skilled labor , and by facilitating innovation , among other things -- it has contributed to the deterioration of the labor market position of non-college-educated men . Automation has played a far larger role in declining manufacturing employment than offshoring , and indeed offshoring can be seen as nothing more than a transitional step as increasingly sophisticated machines start displacing less-skilled foreign labor . But it is offshoring that sparks the most anxiety in American workers . By documenting the scale of U.S. manufacturing 's decline , Charles , Hurst , and Notowidigo have done a great deal to shed light on why . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Reihan Salam .	Reihan Salam : We think of the 2008 crash as the bomb that caused today 's economic woes He says evidence is building that U.S. economy was troubled years before that Experts say the housing boom hid the dire effects of manufacturing layoffs , he says Salam : The power of the outsourcing issue flows from sharp decline in manufacturing
CNN  The only question we have is , where is Rosie ? Viral star Sophia Grace Brownlee came to fame in 2011 after she and her cousin Rosie McClelland covered Nicki Minaj 's "  Super Bass " in an online video . That led to frequent appearances for the British tykes on "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show . " Now , Sophia Grace has released a video for her single "  Best Friends . " The 11-year-old looks like she took some cues from her idol Minaj  to whom Ellen famously introduced Sophia Grace and Rosie during their first appearance on her talk show  on the attitude one needs in order to carry off being a raptress . "  I take it to the top/I 'm never gon na stop/11 years old , that 's just how I rock , " she raps . There 's plenty of preteen shopping , makeup and modeling sessions as Sophia Grace jams with her posse of "  best friends . " Her first original song came in 2013 , when she released the video for "  Girls Just Got ta Have Fun . "	Sophia Grace raps and sings in her new video for "  Best Friends " There 's no sign of her cousin , Rosie The two often appear on "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show "
Beijing  CNN  -- At least 175 people have died from flooding this month in southern and eastern China , the country 's Ministry of Civil Affairs said Monday . Another 86 people are missing from the flooding that began with rainfall on June 3 . The ministry said 13 provinces have been affected , more than 1.6 million people have been evacuated , and the direct economic losses has reached 35.02 billion yuan  $ 5.4 billion  . The flooding has destroyed at least 8,400 houses in Zhejiang province alone , a provincial agency said . More than 4.4 million have been affected by the flooding in Zhejiang as of Monday , according to the Zhejiang Flood Control Office . About 292,000 have been evacuated , according to the agency 's website . The direct economic loss in Zhejiang has reached 7.69 billion yuan  $ 1.18 billion  , the agency said . Zhao Fayuan , director of the Zhejiang Flood Control Office , said the areas around the Qiantang and Dongtiao rivers have been the most severely affected . In Zhoushan , about 155 kilometers  95 miles  southeast of Shanghai , massive pools of water submerged homes in a section of the city on Tuesday , leaving only the tops of power poles as clues of the community underneath . Residents fear waters may not recede for another week . At least 171,000 hectares  422,550 acres  of crops have been destroyed by flooding , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported , citing data from local officials . A Zhejiang official said more than 70 kilometers  43.5 miles  of dikes were in danger of overflowing near Lanxi city , according to Xinhua . The southern province of Jiangxi is grappling with the worst flooding on record there . At least 40,000 people have been evacuated from flooding over the weekend . "  The farmlands are severely affected by the flood , " Qiu Qiyong of the Jiangxi Flood Control and Drought Relief Office said Monday . He said the economic loss over two days reached 0.836 billion yuan  $ 129 million  . Residents in Jiangxi got a bit of a respite Monday , as rainfall stopped and water levels decreased . Some of those evacuated were able to return to their homes . Hubei province -- where the Three Gorges Dam is located -- has suffered significant flooding , according to Xinhua . And the rains caused water levels in dozens of reservoirs in neighboring Hunan province "  to exceed alarming levels , " the news agency said . The flooding ended the worst drought to hit southern China in 50 years . It came a month after the Chinese government acknowledged that Three Gorges Dam -- the world 's largest hydropower plant -- was having "  urgent problems " and warned of environmental , construction and migration "  disasters . " The dam was originally touted for its ability to control the impact of flooding that threatens the Yangtze River Delta each summer . But more than 1,000 towns and villages were flooded during the digging and construction of the dam 's giant concrete barrier . And landslides and pollution have plagued the areas near the dam since it was built .	NEW : Residents fear waters may not recede for another week Direct economic losses reach 35.02 billion yuan  $ 5.4 billion Flooding has impacted 13 provinces since June 3 At least 8,400 houses are destroyed in Zhejiang province alone
CNN  -- The divorce of golfer Tiger Woods and wife Elin Nordegren was finalized Monday , according to a joint statement issued by their attorneys . The marriage 's end comes nine months after allegations surfaced that Woods carried on several extramarital affairs . "  We are sad that our marriage is over and we wish each other the very best for the future , " the statement said . "  While we are no longer married , we are the parents of two wonderful children and their happiness has been , and will always be , of paramount importance to both of us . " The judgment , issued Monday in Bay County , Florida , Circuit Court , allows for "  shared parenting of their two children , " their attorneys said in a statement . The estranged couple asked for privacy as they "  adjust to a new family situation . " In the dissolution of marriage petition filed Monday , Nordegren cites the marriage as "  irretrievably broken " as the reason for divorce . According to the document , the couple reached a settlement agreement July 3 in which they agreed to a joint parenting plan . Both Woods and Nordegren agreed to waive the 20-day delay period offered in Florida before a final judgment . "  The parties have been separated for a substantial period of time ... and the delay would generate unnecessary public attention , " according to the waivers . The couple were married October 5 , 2004 . Allegations of infidelity first began to surface in November when Woods crashed his Cadillac Escalade into a fire hydrant and tree outside his family 's home in Orlando . The November 27 incident , which left him with a sore neck and a cut on his lip that required five stitches to close , also set in motion the crash of his storybook life . A few days beforehand , the National Enquirer had reported he was having an affair with a New York nightclub hostess , who denied it . But that allegation was followed by others , and Woods ' tightly controlled world and image soon began to crumble . Just after Christmas he entered a rehabilitation center , where he stayed for 45 days getting treatment for undisclosed "  issues . " "  It was to take a hard look at myself , and I did , and I 've come out better , " he said in April when he made his return to the PGA tour . Woods also has acknowledged that he engaged in multiple extramarital affairs over the course of his nearly six-year marriage .	The couple reached a settlement July 3 , document says Elin Nordegren says marriage is "  irretrievably broken " "  We wish each other the very best for the future , " the couple says The settlement allows for "  shared parenting of their two children "
CNN  -- Human remains found buried under recently added concrete at a home in Plant City , Florida , are likely those of missing lottery millionaire Abraham Shakespeare , police said Thursday . Deputies made the discovery after a tip came in , suggesting investigators would find a body near a home in Plant City , according to CNN affiliate WFTV . Hillsborough County Sheriff David Gee said the body was slowly being uncovered . They are awaiting positive identification . However , Gee said their investigation and information specifically led them to the area after they began to believe he might be dead because of "  sinister means and motives . " "  Our indications were it would be there , " Gee said during a news conference Thursday night . Police on Wednesday had scanned the newly finished concrete slabs near the home on Wednesday and removed it . On Thursday , Gee said they discovered the remains buried five feet below the surface , and it appeared the remains had been there for awhile . Shakespeare , a 43-year-old truck driver , won a $ 31 million Florida lottery prize in 2006 . A year later , he won a court challenge from a fellow trucker who accused Shakespeare of snatching the winning ticket out of his wallet while the two were delivering meat to Miami restaurants . Shakespeare 's family reported him missing on November 9 , telling the Polk County sheriff 's office they had n't seen him since April . Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said when their investigation began , they had hoped to find Shakespeare alive "  and he truly had just wanted to hide from those who were asking him for money . " "  As our investigation continued , the information we developed led us to believe he may very well have ended up with an untimely death , " Judd said . Both Judd and Gee said they would not comment on whether anything else was found inside the manmade grave , or whether a previous person of interest was connected to the area . The home , according to WFTV , belongs to the boyfriend of a person of interest in the disappearance of Shakespeare . While they await identification of the remains , police said they would begin to shift their focus to a murder investigation . "  It 's painfully obvious he did n't get there by himself , " Judd said . Gee said police from Polk and Hillsborough counties were already working with prosecutors on the case and hope to bring to justice the person responsible for what they believe is clearly cold-blooded murder . "  Somebody put that body in that hole , " Gee said . "  This is n't by any means just where we find someone on the side of the road . Somebody has obviously put him there . "	Remains buried five feet below recently added concrete in Plant City , Florida Police : Leads in missing lottery winner case led them to area they expected body to be Abraham Shakespeare disappeared two years after he won $ 31 million "  It 's painfully obvious he did n't get there by himself , " sheriff says
CNN  Have you ever thrown away a banana peel or dumped expired milk into the garbage ? Well , if you do it in Seattle you are in for a fine . Under a new policy , passed 9-0 by the Seattle City Council earlier this week , those who fail to compost "  food waste and compostable paper " will be penalized . The new program will come into effect in January 2015 for commercial establishments and residences . It will be enforced by the Seattle Public Utilities commission . Seattle has had a similar rule for noncompostable recyclables for nine years . After receiving two warnings , residents and businesses will be fined $ 50 for dumpsters and a more modest $ 1 for waste at single-family homes . Previously , the utilities commission left residents and businesses a note that asked them to compost . If they did not comply , the city refused to collect the garbage . 4 ways to combat food waste at home So , why is Seattle making residents compost ? The city was not going to meet its self-imposed goal of recycling 60 % of all waste . "  Compostables are about 30 % of what is still in the garbage and they are the largest target we have to help us reach our goals , " said Timothy Croll , solid waste director of the utilities commission , which asked the city council for the change . "  Also , composting food waste reduces emissions of methane , which is a strong cause of climate change . " Although the utilities commission contends inspecting garbage and issuing fines for noncompliance will have "  minimal costs " and save money in the long run by reducing landfill usage , not everyone agrees . "  This program is not free , it costs money and nobody is looking at the real cost of this -LSB- program -RSB- , " said Todd Myers , environment director for the conservative Washington Policy Center . Opinion : Composting in a city : Are you kidding ? Myers said the program costs could be put to better use . "  There are a lot of ways to spend this money to actually do good for the planet . ... Seattle is very good at doing things that feel good , but very bad at doing things that do good for the planet , " said Myers . But Croll said the program is worth it . "  Nine years ago , we prohibited recyclable paper and containers from the garbage and this created a significant rise in our recycling rate , " Croll said . The program is modeled on a similar one instituted in San Francisco in 2009 . Last year , then-Mayor Michael Bloomberg proposed requiring New York residents to compost . New York 's city council only extended the requirement to commercial establishments .	Seattle City Council mandates food waste composting Residents will be fined $ 1 for violations Critics say program is a waste of money San Francisco was the first city to mandate composting
CNN  For a pop star with millions of frenzied fans , Taylor Swift does a pretty good job keeping tabs on them . She has a history of stalking -- er , "  Tay-lurking " -- fans on social media , figuring out their likes , dislikes and what 's going on in their lives . And she loves to shower super loyal ones with some enormous gifts . But the package that Rebekah Bortniker received may be one of the most complicated presents yet . The giant box , labeled "  SwiftEx " instead of "  FedEx , " contained so many meticulously wrapped gifts that it took Bortniker several minutes to open them all . "  Hi you . I was thinking about you today , and how you have been there cheering me on in the most thoughtful and creative ways , " the singer wrote on a card . "  I 'm not a good painter but I think you 're so beautiful and positive , even though you 're dealing with the stress life brings , so I wanted to make you something . " Yep , the Grammy winner sent a custom-made floral painting to her fan . She even sent a Polaroid of herself doing so as proof . Then there was a necklace . "  Was mine , now yours , " Swift explained . Finally , a gift to help ease Bortniker 's student loan debt . "  Rebekah , now you 're $ 1989 closer to paying off those student loans , " Swift wrote . 1989 , of course , is n't just Swift 's birth year -- it 's the name of her latest album and world tour . By this point , Bortniker could barely speak from all the emotion . "  I do n't even know what to say , " she managed to say . Fortunately she has time to think of a response before September -- when she 'll be at two of Swift 's concerts . Taylor Swift 's year-end gift video brings all the feels CNN 's Lisa Respers France contributed to this report .	Taylor Swift sends a fan $ 1,989 to help with her student loan debt She also sends a custom-made painting , even though "  I 'm not a good painter " Swift has a history of surprising fans with care packages she assembles herself
CNN  -- In another time , Tropical Storm Katia , which was barreling across the Atlantic early Wednesday , would have been called Katrina . That 's because the National Hurricane Center uses a roster of names it repeats every six years . However , once a large storm ravages a coast and causes too much death and destruction , its name is retired out of sensitivity to the victims and for historical purposes . This year 's list has a few changes because the 2005 hurricane season was particularly severe . Among the names retired in the 2005 Atlantic season is Katrina , which was replaced with Katia . Here is an explainer on how storm names are chosen : . How did the idea of names come about ? The United States started off by naming storms using a latitude/longitude designation of their origin . The names were hard to remember and convey to the public , so meteorologists started naming storms after their wives and girlfriends during World War II . The naming method -- which started in the Pacific -- was so easy to remember , meteorologists adopted it for the Atlantic storms . When did this change ? In 1950 , meteorologists began the use of phonetic alphabets such as Able , Baker and Charlie for the North Atlantic storms , according to the National Weather Service . How did storms end up with female names ? In 1953 , the National Weather Service changed its naming convention again . It kept the alphabetical order but used female names . In 1979 , forecasters began throwing in male names into the mix . They now alternate male and female names in alphabetical order . . Are the names random ? No . At the beginning of each Atlantic storm season , the hurricane center publishes 21 storm names , which are recycled every six years . The names are in alphabetical order . For example , the predecessor to Katia was Jose . Before Jose , there was Irene . What happens if there are more than 21 storms ? If the Atlantic sees more than 21 named storms in a season , it resorts to using the Greek alphabet : Alpha , Beta , Gamma , Delta and so on . Does the rest of the world have the same naming convention ? Since 1978 , the United Nations ' World Meteorological Organization has a predetermined list for each basin of the world . Not all basins follow the same rules . For example , the Northwest Pacific basin mostly uses names of flowers , animals and trees . . What makes a good storm name ? Short , distinctive names work best , according to the National Weather Service . . Why do some of the names sound unfamiliar ? . Not all names are derived from English . French and Spanish names are used as well , since those are the other major languages for countries bordering the Atlantic Ocean . . What other storm names have been retired ? The 2005 hurricane season was especially busy , and ravaged the Caribbean , and the Atlantic and Gulf coasts . Five storm names were retired a year later , including Dennis , Katrina , Rita and Stan .	The names of large storms that cause widespread death and destruction are retired The National Hurricane Center repeats a roster of names every six years Katrina is among the names retired from the 2005 Atlantic season
It was a desperate plea from a tearful dad , tossed like a message in a bottle into the vast sea of the Internet . "  You ever do something crazy because you just do n't know what to do anymore ? Well , that 's what I 'm doing right now , " said John Berlin , staring into the camera with moist , red-rimmed eyes . "  I 'm calling out to Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook , " he continued . "  You 've been putting out these new movies , these one-minute movies that everyone 's been sharing . Well , my son passed away ... and we ca n't access his Facebook account . I 've tried e-mailing , and different things , but it ai n't working . All we want to do is see his movie . "  I know it 's a shot in the dark , but I do n't care , " he said , his voice breaking . "  I want to see my son 's video . His name 's Jesse Berlin . So please help me . " The Arnold , Missouri , man shot the emotionally raw , 84-second clip on his phone and posted it Wednesday morning to YouTube and Facebook . By late afternoon it had hundreds of thousands of views and he was deluged with Facebook messages . Then , that night , Facebook called . As Berlin listened , stunned , they told him would indeed make a personalized "  A Look Back " video for Jesse , using posts he had made public on Facebook before his death in 2012 at age 21 . Now Berlin is planning to share it online as a tribute to his late son . "  I just wanted a piece of him , " he told CNN in a phone interview . "  These  Facebook  videos really touched me . And every time Jesse would pop up  in one of them  , I was choking back tears . I just wanted so desperately to see how his video would turn out . " Facebook created the customized videos for most of its active users Tuesday to celebrate its 10th anniversary . The 62-second clips note the year the user joined Facebook , then show a handful of their most-liked posts and a seemingly random selection of their photos -- all set to instrumental music . A Facebook spokesperson said Berlin 's video came to the attention of a staffer Wednesday , who shared it on an internal network . "  With the number of people using our service , it 's often very difficult to act on behalf of one . But John 's story and emotion moved us to take action -- so we did , " the spokesperson said . Facebook realizes that by granting Berlin 's wish , they risk being deluged with similar requests from other users wanting to see video highlights of their deceased loved ones . Honoring all the requests would be difficult , but where do you draw the line ? It 's a thorny question . The Facebook spokesperson would not address this issue directly . But he said Facebook , which introduced "  memorial " pages for deceased users in 2009 , wants to give users better ways to honor their loved ones on the site . "  This experience reinforced to us that there 's more Facebook can do to help people celebrate and commemorate the lives of people they have lost , " he said . "  We 'll have more to share in the coming weeks and months . " John Berlin said his son Jesse died of natural causes in his sleep on the morning of January 28 , 2012 . Doctors could not pinpoint the cause of death , although he was told a viral infection may have impacted Jesse 's heart , he said . Jesse Berlin was a musician and played rhythm guitar in Fivefold , a popular Missouri rock band . "  Jesse was all about having fun , " his father said . "  We 'd always say our hobby was laughing . We would just cut up about everything . " He is also survived by his mother , Lisa , sister Nicole , 26 , and brother Jared , 21 . John Berlin posted Jesse 's "  A Look Back " video on Friday to YouTube and his Facebook page , where it 's been liked and shared thousands of times . Berlin still ca n't believe his unassuming video appeal , which now has more than 2.7 million views and 7,500 comments , got Facebook 's attention from a small town in the Midwest . But he hopes that his story will inspire Facebook to help others like him and ease their access to the accounts of late loved ones . "  I 'm glad that we 're finding purpose in Jesse 's death , " he said . "  I ca n't express how much this means to me . "	Missouri dad posts emotional video asking Facebook to share video of his late son Family wanted to see son 's edition of the "  Look Back " clips Facebook posted this week Facebook has agreed to honor his request John Berlin said his son Jesse died in 2012 of natural causes at age 21
Washington  CNN  -- Do n't like the way airport screeners are doing their job ? You might not want to complain too much while standing in line . Arrogant complaining about airport security is one indicator Transportation Security Administration officers consider when looking for possible criminals and terrorists , CNN has learned exclusively . And , when combined with other behavioral indicators , it could result in a traveler facing additional scrutiny . CNN has obtained a list of roughly 70 "  behavioral indicators " that TSA behavior detection officers use to identify potentially "  high risk " passengers at the nation 's airports . Many of the indicators , as characterized in open government reports , are behaviors and appearances that may be indicative of stress , fear or deception . None of them , as the TSA has long said , refer to or suggest race , religion or ethnicity . But one addresses passengers ' attitudes towards security , and how they express those attitudes . It reads : "  Very arrogant and expresses contempt against airport passenger procedures . " TSA officials declined to comment on the list of indicators , but said that no single indicator , taken by itself , is ever used to identify travelers as potentially high-risk passengers . Travelers must exhibit several indicators before behavior detection officers steer them to more thorough screening . But a civil liberties organization said the list should not include behavior relating to the expression of opinions , even arrogant expressions of opinion . "  Expressing your contempt about airport procedures -- that 's a First Amendment-protected right , " said Michael German , a former FBI agent who now works as legal counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union . "  We all have the right to express our views , and particularly in a situation where the government is demanding the ability to search you . " "  It 's circular reasoning where , you know , I 'm going to ask someone to surrender their rights ; if they refuse , that 's evidence that I need to take their rights away from them . And it 's simply inappropriate , " he said . The TSA says its security programs are informed by real-world situations and intelligence . Indeed , the immigration agent who refused to let the alleged "  20th hijacker " into the United States in 2001 later testified that the man 's arrogant behavior contributed to his suspicions . Agent Jose Melendez-Perez told the 9/11 commission that Mohammed al-Qahtani "  became visibly upset " and arrogantly pointed his finger in the agent 's face when asked why he did not have an airline ticket for a return flight . But some experts say terrorists are much more likely to avoid confrontations with authorities , saying an al Qaeda training manual instructs members to blend in . "  I think the idea that they would try to draw attention to themselves by being arrogant at airport security , it fails the common sense test , " said CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen . "  And it also fails what we know about their behaviors in the past . " The 9/11 commission 's report says that "  none of the checkpoint supervisors  on September 11th  recalled the  successful  hijackers or reported anything suspicious regarding their screening . " But , it says , an airline ticket agent that checked in hijacker Mohammed Atta says Atta "  reacted negatively when informed in Portland  Maine  that he would have to check in again in Boston . " Atta "  clenched his jaw and said ... with some irritation , ` They told me one step check-in , ' " he recalled . The ticket agent recommended the United States hire "  behavior profilers ... the way they do overseas , " the report says . Rafi Ron , former director of security at Tel Aviv 's Ben Gurion International Airport , said an arrogant complaint about security is a legitimate factor to consider . But officials also should be suspicious of effusive praise , he said . "  The other end of the spectrum is almost as bad , although it is maybe less offensive , " he said . The TSA is expanding the behavior detection program , formally known as SPOT , for Screening Passengers by Observation Technique . Currently , some 3,000 uniformed behavior detection officers are deployed at about 175 airports . President Obama is calling for an additional 175 such officers in his 2012 budget proposal , and the TSA is expected to spend a total of $ 1.2 billion on the program over the next five years . In recent years , the TSA has also expanded the scope of the program . Originally intended to look only for suspected terrorists , the program now also seeks to ferret out possible criminals in airports . Many details of the program are publicly available . According to a Government Accountability Office report , uniformed behavior detection officers typically work in two-person teams at airport checkpoint lines , looking for behaviors that are on the SPOT checklist , each of which is assigned a numerical value . The officers sometimes initiate casual conversations with passengers , particularly if a passenger is exhibiting behaviors on the SPOT checklist . In most instances , the Accountability Office said , the conversation resolves the suspicion . But if both behavior detection officers agree that observed indicators exceed a predetermined numerical threshold , the person is referred to additional screening , which can involve more questioning and physical searches of a person or property . If the person 's behavior escalates , accumulating more points based on the SPOT checklist , the officers can refer the person to local law enforcement for investigation . After the law enforcement investigation , the TSA officials determine whether to allow the passenger to board the flight . The Department of Homeland Security says the program is successful , telling Congress last week that , in a recent test comparing behavior detection officers to random screening procedures , the officers were 50 times more likely to refer people they checked to local law enforcement , and about 4.5 times as likely to identify people with prohibited items or fraudulent documents . Taken together , such officers are nine times more likely to identify "  high risk " passengers than random screening , the department said . "  SPOT identifies high-risk travelers at a significantly higher rate then random screening , " Larry Willis of the department 's Science and Technology Directorate testified . But one member of the study 's Technical Advisory Committee said the study did not establish the program 's scientific validity . "  The advisory committee has not been asked to evaluate the overall SPOT program , nor has it been asked to evaluate the validity of indicators used in the program , " Philip Rubin testified to Congress last week . Advisory committee members were not shown the list of behavioral indicators , he said . "  My concern is that if I 'm a member of the public and I hear  Willis '  testimony , it sounds like the SPOT program has been validated , " Rubin told CNN . He said that while large numbers of people were screened , very little criminal activity was detected , and the numbers may not be statistically significant . "  The hit rate is so low on this , it could turn out to be a random glitch , " he said . The Government Accountability Office also criticized the study , saying TSA 's records are incomplete and the study is not designed to answer the big question people have about the program : Does it work ? The study "  is not designed to fully validate whether behavior detection can be used to reliably identify individuals in an airport environment who pose a security risk , " the agency said . Members of Congress also expressed concern about the number of "  false positives " -- people flagged for additional screening that resulted in nothing being found . For every person correctly identified as a "  high risk " traveler by  the behavior detection officers  , 86 were misidentified , Willis said . At random screening , for every person correctly identified , 794 were misidentified . The TSA does not track the number of arrests , convictions or exonerations of people that are referred to law enforcement , he said . The ACLU 's German , who has not seen the behavioral indicators list , said he fears the indicators "  are being used simply as a proxy for racial profiling or other inappropriate police activities . " The number of people arrested at airport checkpoints for immigration violations suggests the behavior detection officers are profiling , he said . Thirty-nine percent of the 1,083 people arrested during the first four and a half years of the program were arrested because they were illegal aliens , according to the Government Accountability Office . Experts agree that the fact that there is an extremely small number of terrorists makes it hard to evaluate the effectiveness of behavioral observation programs . The Accountability Office said it looked at 23 occasions in which 16 individuals -- people later charged with terrorism-related activities -- passed through high-threat airports . None is known to have been identified . But it is not known if the behavior detection officers were working at the time , the agency said . Stephen Lord of the Accountability Office is recommending the TSA study airport videos of those instances . "  We believe such recordings could help identify behaviors that may be common among terrorists , or could demonstrate that terrorists do not generally display any identifying behaviors , " Lord said .	TSA officers look at people who "  express contempt " The ACLU says that indicator is inappropriate The TSA says no single factor results in added screening Experts differ on the effectiveness of behavior observation
CNN  -- Minnesota Vikings star Adrian Peterson said Monday that he is "  not a perfect parent , but I am , without a doubt , not a child abuser . " Peterson , one of the NFL 's marquee players , will practice this week and can play in Sunday 's game against the New Orleans Saints , despite facing a child abuse charge , team officials said . Peterson , who was kept out of Sunday 's game against the New England Patriots , turned himself in to East Texas authorities Saturday , two days after an indictment alleged the 29-year-old father did "  recklessly or by criminal negligence cause bodily injury " to his son , a felony . Peterson quickly posted $ 15,000 in bail and was released , according to the Montgomery County Sheriff 's Office . In his first comments on the case , the reinstated NFL star told fans in a written statement posted on his Twitter feed , "  I never imagined being in a position where the world is judging my parenting skills or calling me a child abuser because of the discipline I administered to my son . " Despite being advised by his attorney not to discuss details of the case , Peterson wrote , "  I want everyone to understand how sorry I feel about the hurt I have brought to my child . " He said that he voluntarily appeared before a grand jury and told its members the same thing , which also matches what he said he told two different police agencies about the incident . "  I will say the same thing once I have my day in court , " he wrote . In disciplining his son in the same manner as Peterson himself was disciplined as a child , he wrote , he unintentionally caused the boy injury . He understands that there are people who disagree with this form of discipline , he said , and he has met with a psychologist who informed him of more "  appropriate " ways to discipline children . "  But deep in my heart I have always believed I could have been one of those kids that was lost in the streets without the discipline instilled in me by my parents and other relatives , " he wrote . "  I have always believed that the way my parents disciplined me has a great deal to do with the success I have enjoyed as a man . I love my son and I will continue to become a better parent and learn from any mistakes I ever make . " He closed his statement by saying that while he is n't the perfect parent , he is not a child abuser . "  My goal is always to teach my son right from wrong and that 's what I tried to do that day , " he wrote . "  I accept the fact that people feel very strongly about this issue and what they think about my conduct . Regardless of what others think , however , I love my son very much and I will continue to try to become a better father and person . " Team stands behind its star player General manager Rick Spielman said more information about the incident was available to the Vikings then the team had on Friday when it placed Peterson , a six-time Pro Bowler in his first seven seasons , on the inactive list . "  This is a difficult path to navigate regarding the judgment of how a parent disciplines his child , " Spielman told reporters . "  Based on the extensive information that we have right now , and what we know about Adrian not only as a person but what he has also done for this community , we believe he deserves to play while this legal process plays out . " The developments came as CNN affilaite KHOU reported that Peterson allegedly abused another one of his children -- a 4-year-old son . Sources told KHOU that the mother of the child filed a complaint with Child Protective Services in Texas because she alleged that Peterson beat the child , while visiting his father at his Houston-area home . According to the report , text messages between Peterson and the boy 's mother show that Peterson admitted disciplining the child , but he claims the child hit his head on the car seat in the process . No charges were ever filed , according to KHOU . CNN reached out CPS , but has not received a response . Through his attorney Rusty Hardin , Peterson vehemently denied the report . "  The allegation of another investigation into Adrian Peterson is simply not true . This is not a new allegation . It 's one that is unsubstantiated and was shopped around to authorities in two states over a year ago and nothing came of it , " Hardin said . "  An adult witness adamantly insists Adrian did nothing inappropriate with his son . " One of the team 's sponsors , the Radisson hotel chain , announced Monday night that it was suspending its "  limited sponsorship of the Minnesota Vikings while we evaluate the facts and circumstances . " Report : Photos show alleged injuries Peterson 's attorney has said his client used "  a switch to spank his son " and was simply doling out discipline much like "  he experienced as a child growing up in East Texas . " Peterson "  will continue to insist on his innocence of any intended wrongdoing , " Hardin said Friday . Photos obtained by TMZ allegedly show Peterson 's son 's leg covered in marks that could have come from a switch , or thin tree branch . Some of the marks in the photo appeared to have broken the skin . "  The photos are disturbing , I understand that . But to be clear , you know any matter that 's involving the child is very important for this organization . But we also think that it is right for him to go through the process legally , " Spielman said . SportsRadio 610 in Houston reported this past weekend that Peterson allegedly sent text messages to the boy 's mother in Minnesota after the lashing . Peterson wrote he "  felt bad after the fact when I notice the switch was wrapping around hitting I  sic  thigh . " Another text was more graphic . "  Got him in the nuts once I noticed , " it read , according to the CBS radio affiliate in Houston . "  But I felt so bad , n i 'm all tearing that butt up when needed ! I start putting them in timeout . N save the whooping for needed memories ! " The station said a later message from Peterson was : "  Never do I go overboard ! But all my kids will know , hey daddy has the biggie heart but do n't play no games when it comes to acting right . " Due in court on October 8 Montgomery County Assistant District Attorney Phil Grant , whose office made the case against Peterson to a grand jury over a period of weeks , said prosecutors "  will take this charge extremely seriously and we look forward to presenting this case to a jury . " The next step is a preliminary court hearing that is scheduled for October 8 . Grant said he expected Peterson to be there , although the decision is up to a judge . According to Texas law , people can be convicted of injury to a child if they cause bodily or mental injury "  intentionally , knowingly , recklessly or with criminal negligence " or cause such harm by omission . The crime is punishable by up to two years in a state jail and a $ 1,000 fine . In Texas , someone can defend himself against a charge of injury to a child if he can prove it happened while he was administering "  reasonable discipline , " Grant said . "  Obviously , parents are entitled to discipline their children as they see fit , except for when that discipline exceeds what the community would say is reasonable , " he said . "  And so , a grand jury , having indicted this case , looked at the injuries that were inflicted upon this child and determined that that discipline was not reasonable . " As the NFL reviews the running back 's actions under its personal conduct policy , the Vikings owners said they will "  monitor the situation closely . " Referring to the decision to keep Peterson out of Sunday 's game , the Vikings owners , who are brothers , said , "  On Friday , we felt it was in the best interests of the organization to step back , evaluate the situation , and not rush to judgment given the seriousness of this matter . At that time , we made the decision that we felt was best for the Vikings and all parties involved . " Peterson is considered one of the best running backs in the NFL -- if not the best . His absence was probably felt during the Vikings ' 30-7 loss to the Patriots on Sunday . In 2011 , he agreed to a lucrative contract , which NFL.com reported would be worth $ 100 million over a 7-year period . Opinion : Spanking is n't parenting , it 's child abuse To spank or not to spank ? CNN 's Jasoon Morris , Jill Martin , Quand Thomas , Greg Botelho and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	NEW : Adrian Peterson was accused of abusing another child , KHOU reports DA says he expects Peterson to be at next court date in October The running back was indicted on a felony child abuse charge and missed Sunday 's game Vikings : Peterson should play while legal process plays out
The U.S. military has doubled the number of aircraft standing by in Italy if needed to evacuate Americans from the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli , Libya , CNN has learned . A decision to evacuate as violence in the Libyan capital grows is "  minute by minute , hour by hour , " a defense official told CNN on Monday . Fierce fighting swept across the city Sunday after armed men stormed the country 's interim Parliament . Sporadic bursts of gunfire and blasts could still be heard on the outskirts of the capital Monday evening . The violence appeared to be some of the worst since the 2011 revolution that ousted longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi . Turmoil in Libya : Fighting sweeps across Tripoli following violence in Benghazi In a move that could further inflame an already tense situation , the speaker of the interim parliament , Nuri Abu Sahmain , who is backed by Islamist forces , ordered troops known as the "  Central Libya Shield Forces " to deploy to the capital Monday , the Libyan state news agency LANA reported . The forces , mostly from the city of Misrata , east of Tripoli , are considered to be among the most powerful Islamist-affiliated militias . They have had long-running rivalries with the heavily armed Zintan militias when both groups were based in the capital . Meanwhile , the Saudi ambassador to Libya announced that his country 's embassy and consulate in Tripoli closed Monday because of the violence , and the staff has left Tripoli , according to the official Saudi Press Agency . The sites will reopen when the situation stabilizes , Ambassador Mohammed Mahmoud Al-Ali said , according to the report . Turkey took similar measures , shutting down its consulate in Benghazi , Turkey 's semi-official Anadolu news agency reported . U.S. aircraft arrive in Italy Four additional U.S. V-22 Osprey aircraft "  arrived overnight " at the naval base in Sigonella , Italy , to join four V-22s and 200 Marines that had been moved there last week , a U.S. defense source said . The V-22 Ospreys , which can take off and land vertically with at least two dozen passengers , are ready to be in the air on six hours notice , the official said . The additional aircraft should give the military the capability to evacuate more than 200 people from the embassy . The aircraft and Marines are part of the Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response team , stationed in Moron , Spain . The force was formed after the attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi in 2012 to provide closer standby military capability in a crisis . 4 killed , dozens more injured in violence At least four people were killed and 90 injured Sunday in Tripoli , according to the Health Ministry . Fighters armed with heavy weapons moved in on the General National Congress as Sunday 's session was adjourned . The attackers stormed the building as members were evacuated . Fighting then spread to other parts of the city . Libya 's main political forces have been slowly dividing along Islamist and liberal lines . The more liberal parties , backed by the heavily armed militias from the western mountain city of Zintan , have accused the Islamists of hijacking power and controlling the government and parliament . The GNC attack involved the al-Qaaqaa brigade , a Zintan militia based in Tripoli , which said in a statement that it had "  heeded the call of the homeland to save it from the abusing politicians . " Libya 's political process has stalled as a result of infighting among the Islamist and liberal forces in the GNC , and elections for a new parliament to replace it have not yet taken place . Many Libyans view the GNC as having lost legitimacy .	Turkey joins Saudi Arabia in shutting down diplomatic missions in Libya Islamist militia troops ordered into Tripoli by speaker of parliament At least four people were killed and 90 injured in violence Sunday Eight V-22 Osprey aircraft and 200 U.S. Marines are on standby to evacuate Americans
CNN  -- Atlanta Hawks majority owner Bruce Levenson just figured out how to get rid of a product that no one wants to purchase by throwing himself on the confessional table of bigotry -- which will probably make him more wealthy than he could have ever imagined . Sure , the publicity is n't flattering , and Levenson 's hand may have been forced by the Hawks ' internal investigation . But this is not about racism , this is about business . What we know I 've lived in Atlanta for close to 20 years -- the Hawks games are boring ! I ca n't name the players . I do n't know who they are married to or what they do in the community . They are not a fabric of my interest . I wish they had a star player whose jersey I wanted to buy so I could finally hang my Dominique Wilkins jersey up as memorabilia . This is not about racism , this is about business . So , like all other non-Atlanta natives living in Atlanta long term , when the Hawks play the New York Knicks , this native New Yorker whips out her Carmelo Anthony jersey and heads to Phillips Arena . The reason Bruce Levenson could not make the Hawks profitable is not because black people do n't buy season tickets , or arrive at games late , or spend all their time at the bar , or black fathers do n't bring black sons to the games . It 's because the Hawks suck . They have no marquee players and they do n't win games !  Yes , they 've made the playoffs in the past seven years , but have n't gotten as far as the conference finals . This is not about racism , this is about business . The few years that the Hawks have made it to the playoffs , you can hardly make it down Centennial Olympic Drive in time for tip-off because the traffic is so thick . Fans , white and black , show up when their hometown team is winning . Period . This is not about racism , this is about business . Opinion : Atlanta Hawks owner is a hypocrite Are there unique factors to every city that accounts for distinctions between fan bases ? Sure . New Orleans , Memphis , New York and Boston fans show up -- even when their teams are not having a winning season . Those cities are not as transient as Atlanta . That 's something Bruce Levenson fails to realize is unique to Atlanta . This is not about racism , this is about business . Bruce Levenson 's 2012 email , in which he shared his ideas about why his franchise was not as profitable as he hoped , as unscientific as it was , can hardly be called shocking or rise to the level of racially polarizing . It was another wealthy white man sharing his commonly thought views on the spending habits or lack thereof of black consumers and how that affects white consumers , who white business executives consider the most valued consumer in America . This is not about racism , this is about business . I was slightly annoyed with NBA Commissioner Adam Silver commending Mr. Levenson for coming forward and self-reporting . Levenson revealed his email of August 2012 to Silver in July 2014 , after the Hawks found it in an internal investigation and precisely the time that investigators for Donald Sterling were looking to expose other NBA owners for any possible racial missteps . It 's no coincidence that an NBA investigation on this Levenson matter was kept secret and remained pending until the Sterling deal became final . Why are we just now hearing about it ? Silver knew , yet he did n't reveal it to the public . Racism has never been as profitable in the NBA as it is right now in the wake of the historic $ 2 billion sale of the Clippers , the almost doubling of national television deals that are sure to bring record profits to the league , and the identification of interested purchasers lined up and ready to close the deals . Bruce Levenson is a businessman following the business model : Strike while the iron is hot . Buy low . Sell high . This is not about racism , this is about business . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Atlanta Hawks co-owner to sell his interest in team after racially charged email Mo Ivory : The email was n't shocking and team 's problems have nothing to do with race She says the failure to put a winning team on the court is the real problem Ivory : Levenson could reap a financial reward in this sale
CNN  -- Avril Lavigne 's husband , Chad Kroeger , has set a high bar for an anniversary gift . On Twitter on Thursday , Lavigne briefly shared a photo of what Nickelback frontman Kroeger gave her in honor of their first wedding anniversary : a 17-carat diamond ring . "  I still ca n't believe my 1 year anniversary gift . 17 carat emerald cut . Wow . I love my hubby , " Lavigne said in the tweet , which she 's since removed without explanation . The humongous sparkler is larger than the jewelry Kroeger proposed with . When he popped the question to Lavigne in 2012 , he did it with a still impressive 14-carat diamond . The two Canadian rockers went on to marry July 1 , 2013 .	Avril Lavigne tweeted a photo of her 17-carat diamond ring She 's been married to Nickelback 's Chad Kroeger for a year The present is bigger than Lavigne 's engagement ring Lavigne later removed her tweet without explanation
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic shrugged off an injury problem to turn out for Davis Cup holders Serbia in the doubles rubber against Sweden , but it proved in vain as the Wimbledon champion and Nenad Zimonjic slipped to defeat Saturday . Djokovic pulled out of Friday 's second singles match in Halmstadt with a knee problem , but he was not missed as his replacement Janko Tipsarevic gave Serbia a 2-0 lead . But the new world number one , who has lost just one singles match all year , was found wanting in doubles as he and Zimonjic went down 6-4 7-6 7-5 in two hours 24 minutes to unheralded home pair Simon Aspelin and Robert Lindstedt . "  I expected myself to adjust a little bit better in the rhythm of the return -- one of my main weapons was n't working well as I was missing a lot of returns but that 's because of their serves as well , which were great , and they were playing really well at the net , " Djokovic told the official Davis Cup website . But he added : "  We are coming into the third day 2-1 up which is the most important thing and tomorrow we will try to end this tie . " Djokovic , winner of the Australian Open and Wimbledon this year , is scheduled to face Michael Ryderstedt in the first of the reverse singles as Serbia bid to wrap up the quarterfinal tie . Blog : Djokovic was deserved Wimbledon winner Sweden are missing the services of world number five Robin Soderling as both teams bid to play Argentina in the semifinals . Argentina have seen off Kazakhstan 5-0 in Buenos Aires in a match started a day earlier than the other three rubbers . Earlier Saturday , France became the second team through to the semifinals of the sport 's most prestigious team competition as they forged an unassailable 3-0 lead over Germany in Stuttgart . Michael Llodra and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga saw off Philipp Petzschner and Christopher Kas in straight sets , 7-6 6-4 6-4 to complete a comprehensive victory . Richard Gasquet and Gael Monfils had put France in charge Friday with hard-fought singles victories over Florian Mayer and Philipp Kohlschreiber . The French , beaten by Serbia in last year 's final , look set to face Spain , who lead the United States 2-0 in Texas , in the last four . Feliciano Lopez stunned the hosts by beating Mardy Fish 8-6 in the fifth and final set Friday night before David Ferrer added to home misery by dispatching Andy Roddick in straight sets .	Novak Djokovic and Nenad Zimonjic lose Davis Cup doubles rubber to Sweden Simon Aspelin and Robert Lindstedt win in straight sets but holders Serbia lead 2-1 France wrap up victory over Germany in Stuttgart to reach last four Spain lead the United States 2-0 in Texas after winning both singles rubbers
CNN  -- British boxer Dereck Chisora threatened to shoot compatriot David Haye when the two became embroiled in an ugly brawl after Chisora had been defeated in Munich by WBC heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko . At a press conference after Ukrainian Klitschko had beaten his opponent on points , the British pair became embroiled in an angry exchange before Chisora left the stage to confront former WBA heavyweight champ Haye and a scuffle ensued . The sparring duo were eventually pulled apart with Chisora accusing Haye of striking him with a bottle before threatening to "  shoot " and "  burn " his rival . Can boxing climb out of the gutter ? The UK Press Association reported Sunday that Chisora had been detained by German police as he prepared to return to Britain , and later released without charge . They are also keen to speak to Haye but his whereabouts remain unknown . Chisora slaps heavyweight champion Klitschko at weigh-in The drama ensued when Klitschko , who was awarded the fight by a unanimous points decision , and Chisora faced the press shortly after their bout . Haye , who was comprehensively defeated by Vitali 's brother Wladimir in July last year , also attended . Haye , who had been covering the fight for a UK television station , reacted angrily when Klitschko 's manager Bernd Boente told reporters : "  With the bad experience we 've had with British fighters we will now look for other countries . Contrary to David Haye , Dereck Chisora really went for it and really tried . " At this point Haye , who had been keen to come out of retirement to face Vitali , interjected to say : "  You do n't want to fight David Haye , no ? " Boente replied : "  You had an offer , you did n't accept it , now you are out . You are out . You can not talk yourself back into the fight , you have no belts . Chisora showed heart , contrary to you . "  You showed your toe  Haye claimed his poor performance against Wladimir was due to suffering a broken toe before the fight  . " Chisora then left the stage to confront Haye after the pair had traded insults at which point the scuffle ensued . Haye 's manager Adam Booth tried to separate the two and suffered a cut to his head . After the boxers were pulled apart , Chisora accused Haye of hitting him with a bottle and was heard to say "  If David do n't fight me , I am going to physically burn him . " He also said on four separate occasions that he would "  shoot " Haye . Vitali , who took his record to 44 wins from 46 fights with victory , later told Sky News : "  If you are sportsman with millions of people watching you have to set a good example , and Chisora did n't do that . " His brother Wladimir added : "  I 'm totally disappointed , it went a little too far , the sport of boxing should n't be like that . Bloody faces in the news conference ... fighting in the ring , not out . I 'm really surprised . " Chisora caused controversy on Friday when he slapped Vitali at the weigh-in ahead of the fight . Moments before the fight began , he also spat water in Vitali 's face . The British boxer has a career record of 15 wins and three defeats from his 18 professional fights , and has a history of creating talking points . He planted a kiss on Derek Baker at the weigh-in before their fight in 2010 before knocking his opponent out in round two .	British boxers Dereck Chisora and David Haye brawl at a press conference Chisora had just been beaten in ring by WBC heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko Fighters trade blows before Chisora threatens to burn and shoot compatriot Haye Chisora is detained by German police but later released without charge
Mashable  -- If you thought Apple would be absent from the news during CES  which it traditionally does n't attend  , you were wrong . Apple may not have any new products to show off at the moment , but the iPhone 3GS just became a lot more affordable , as AT&T cut its price to a mere $ 49 , the Wall Street Journal reports . Right now , the price tag on the 8 GB version of the iPhone 3GS is still $ 99 , but , starting Friday , the price will be cut in half , making the iPhone 3GS quite an attractive option for users on the lookout for an affordable smartphone . The new price tag , of course , also comes with a two-year service contract and data plan . It 's a logical move for AT&T , which is expected to lose iPhone exclusivity in the U.S. soon . The phone went on sale in June 2009 for $ 199 , but Apple cut its price to $ 99 last year . AT&T announced at CES that it plans to start offering 20 new smartphones this year , which should reduce its dependence on Apple 's smartphone . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Starting Friday , the iPhone 3GS will cost $ 49 The price of the 8 GB version of the iPhone 3GS was originally $ 199 AT&T is expected to lose iPhone exclusivity in the U.S. soon
CNN  -- In the end it was the clown who had the last laugh . In 1973 , England prepared for a crucial World Cup qualifier against Poland , a team hidden behind the Iron Curtain of communism which had provided little footballing resistance in the recent past . The East Europeans had n't qualified for an international tournament since before the World War Two . Their players were unknowns , presumed inferior . England , on the other hand , had won the World Cup on the very same Wembley pitch they were about to play on just seven years earlier . It was a team of stars coached by Sir Alf Ramsay . It was to be a cake walk . Such was the mismatch that the iconic English coach Brian Clough dismissed Poland 's goalkeeper Jan Tomaszewski as "  a clown . " "  Would you want him in your team every week ? " asked the man who led Nottingham Forest to successive European Cup titles . It was a phrase that followed Clough for the rest of his career . In front of 100,000 England fans , Poland held on to a 1-1 draw . "  The Clown " had the game of his life and England failed to make it to West Germany 1974 . In fact , they would n't reach another World Cup for close to a decade . Euro 2012 : By the numbers But for the Poles , the draw was the beginning of a story that saw the national team strut on the international stage for another 13 years , taking them to two third-place World Cup finishes with a group of one of the most talented , and unheralded , groups of players Europe has ever produced . "  I remember everything of this match that opened for Poland the door to the world 's football , " recalls Zbigniew Boniek , the legendary Poland and Juventus forward who watched the match as a 17-year-old aspiring footballer back home . "  I remember every action of the goalkeeper , the anger of the England team that was n't able to win and the spectacular counterattacks . " Poland 's qualification for the 1974 World Cup seemed to come from nowhere . "  Poland had n't qualified for a World Cup since 1938 ; they had no recent history , " explains Jonathan Wilson , author of "  Behind the Curtain , " a book about football in Eastern Europe . "  They were just another bunch of Eastern Europeans to be beaten . England did have 30 chances , but the draw gave them  Poland  a boost of confidence . That momentum carried them on . " When Poland arrived at the 1974 World Cup , it was loaded with symbolism . It was hosted in West Germany just decades after Poland had been decimated by its Western neighbor during World War Two . While many consider the 1974 World Cup as the great coronation which announced the arrival of the Dutch and Rinus Michel 's "  Total Football , " Poland excelled with equal creativity . Racism overshadows Euro 2012 While Tomaszewski went from clown to being considered one of the best goalkeepers in Europe , up front the Poles had the legendary Gzegorz Lato . He would go on to score eight goals , winning the Golden Boot along the way . They went all the way to the semifinals against West Germany . Poland lost that game 1-0 in treacherous conditions before winning the third-place playoff against the holders Brazil . "  I can remember one game where I 've always maintained we beat a team which was fundamentally better than us . In fact , it was definitely the best team in the competition and still did n't win the World Cup . I mean Poland in 1974 , " the legendary Real Madrid and Germany defender Paul Breitner told FIFA 's website . "  They had a better team at that World Cup than Germany , Holland , Brazil , or anyone else for that matter . The Poles had the best team in 1974 . " "  It 's a way of kicking the Dutch ! " laughs Wilson when asked about Breitner 's comments , referencing the fierce footballing rivalry between the Germans and the Dutch . "  The Germans were still worthy winners . But could Poland have won the World Cup ? Definitely . The game against West Germany could have gone either way . " Pulling the strings was legendary coach Kazimirez Gorski . Heavily influenced by the tactical revolution taking place in the Netherlands and the Soviet Union , he took Poland to the 1972 Olympics and won gold there , nurturing a fast , counterattacking team and bringing through players like Lato , Kazimierz Deyna and Wlodzimierz Lubanski . "  He seems to have been a very avuncular figure , a real father figure , " explains Wilson . "  He actually involved them in the decision-making process . "  Communism needed a vigorous hierarchy , you could n't questions things or speak spontaneously . But Gorski encouraged that , the balance of authority and respecting views . " One player who was brought into the Poland team by Gorski was Boniek . It was one of his final acts as coach . "  He is the symbol of Poland , " Boniek told CNN . "  He was the first coach that made us believe  we coul  -RSB- rise to world levels . He was a hero and now that he 's gone he has become a legend . " The 1978 World Cup in Argentina will always be tainted with the accusations of corruption leveled at the ruling Junta . Boniek too felt that Poland 's cause was n't helped by having to play the hosts . "  The Poland team of 1978 was the greatest Polish team of all time , " he believes . "  But  we ended up politically in a very difficult ground . Argentina played at home and for that reason it was very protected . " After a strong start , topping a group ahead of West Germany , Poland headed into the second pool phase where Argentina thrashed Peru 6-0 . At the 1978 World Cup , the two top teams in each group contested the final and that controversial result , coupled with losses against the hosts and later Brazil , made it impossible for Poland to qualify . Yet the team bounced back for the 1982 World Cup in Spain where Boniek made his name , scoring a hat-trick against Belgium . Poland again finished third at what is today regarded as one of the greatest World Cups of all time . "  Let 's say that the match against Belgium is my business card , " says Boniek . "  We were compact , a great group . There were n't those champions of '74 and '78 but we played great football . " It was more than just football that was changing in Poland . The late 1970s and early 1980s saw the emergence of Lech Walesa , a Polish dock worker whose Solidarity trade union movement would rise from the Gdansk shipyards on the Baltic Sea and strike the first nail into communism 's coffin . "  Communism had a great impact on the football , " explains Michal Zachodny , a Polish football journalist and prominent blogger . "  Look at each  local  club and every single one of them was supported by a factory , local branch  of the Communist Party  , police , army . It was very influential . It  football  was almost a fight between the authorities . " "  The communist regime always wanted to put its face on every sporting success , " recalls Boniek . "  But we wanted to play football and so we were n't interested in this . " As communism 's grip loosened in Poland , the national football team began to fade . Boniek 's Poland did qualify fora fourth consecutive World Cup at Mexico in 1986 but lost heavily to England before being beaten convincingly by Brazil 4-1 . They would not make another World Cup for 16 years . But their grace on the international stage during two golden generations of players will never be forgotten in Poland . In fact , for some like Zachodny it is not forgotten too often . "  The heroes of past years are remembered well , " he says . "  Still the Polish media are matching the current squad , club teams and individuals to the ones that have graced the pitch 30 , 40 years ago ... there is a spirit of the '70s and '80s that allows us to recall the glory and link to it at every occasion . Poles do that very often , believe me ! " But now Poland is preparing to host its first major international tournament since the fall of communism . For the Poles , Euro 2012 is something of a coming of age party , a chance to show the world it has moved on from its communist past . "  Poland is not becoming a leading European nation , " says Boniek . "  Poland already is a  leading  European nation , 100 % . For some aspects it could be a model for other nations . " All that has been missing has been a football team to match Poland 's incredible political and economic growth of the past two decades . And maybe even the perpetually skeptical Poles have reason to hope . Whereas some of the last crop of top players decided to play for Germany rather than Poland -- such as Miroslav Klose and Lukas Podolski -- in Borussia Dortmund 's striker Robert Lewandowski and captain Jakub "  Kuba " Blaszczykowski the country has two players that would grace any team at the Euros . "  In the past Poland 's football team was stronger , maybe because life for children is different . And also because they do n't have the same tenacity that we had in the past , " says Boniek . "  But in the end  to  win against Poland at home will be always very difficult . " When the Poland national team walk out on to the pitch at their stunning new national stadium in Warsaw on Friday , they will walk with the ghosts of the past in more ways than one .	Poland are co-hosting Euro 2012 and are keen to show they are a leading European democracy Their current football team is at a low ebb but they enjoyed a golden spell during the 1970s and 80s In 1974 their derided team gained a draw with England that sent them to the World Cup Players like striker Zbigniew Boniek and goalkeeper Jan Tomaszewski were instrumental
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- The wife of ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra arrived in Thailand Tuesday morning to face corruption charges , promising to fight the accusations , her attorney said . Pojamarn Shinawatra with her husband Thaksin Shinawatra . According to Pichit Chuenban , Pojamarn Shinawatra was presented with an arrest warrant shortly after arriving at Bangkok 's Suvarnabhumi International Airport and was escorted by authorities to the Supreme Court . "  She intends to fight all charges through judicial system , " Pichit said . Greeted by about 50 well-wishers , Pojamarn arrived at court accompanied by her three children . She faces charges stemming from a Bangkok land deal and a stock concealment plan that could put her in jail for up to eight years , according to the Thai News Agency . The court released her on 5 million baht  about $ 168,000  bail and ordered her not to leave the country . On Monday , Thaksin 's attorney Noppadon Pattama said the former prime minister would return from exile in mid-April to answer to the same charges his wife faces . He was deposed by a military junta in Sept. 2006 and fled to London . He plans to return after Thailand 's new government is in place . In December 's parliamentary elections , supporters of Thaksin , the People Power Party , won nearly half the seats in the lower house and will lead the ruling coalition . PPP leader Samak Sundaravej said a new parliament controlled by his party would pass an amnesty law to allow Thaksin 's return and amend the constitution to let Thaksin get back into politics . Thaksin said he would not re-enter politics when he returned to Thailand . He said that he and his family had "  suffered enough " but that he wanted to face the charges against him and prove his innocence . Thaksin is a 58-year-old telecommunications tycoon who owns the English Premier League Manchester City Football Club . Thaksin 's party won two landslide victories before he was deposed . E-mail to a friend	Thaksin Shinawatra 's wife handed arrest warrant after she returns to Thailand Pojamarn Shinawatra faces corruption charges that could imprison her for 20 years The case involves Pojamarn 's 2003 purchase of some prime Bangkok real estate
CNN  -- Is it a response to a potential genocide or an opening to take on the Sunni Islamic extremists rampaging through Iraq ? President Barack Obama 's decision to authorize airstrikes escalated American military involvement in Iraq , a country he tried to get out of more than two years ago . The first U.S. attacks happened Friday , with F/A -18 jets bombing mobile artillery batteries of ISIS , which refers to itself as the Islamic State . While the administration adamantly reassures Americans that it wo n't put U.S. boots on the ground , it also has made a compelling case for going after the ISIS threat . 1 . Signs of genocide Obama and the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights talk of potential genocide and crimes against humanity if ISIS fighters slaughter minority groups fleeing them in the north . In particular , tens of thousands of Yazidis , a religious minority in the north , have fled into mountains where they lack food and services and remain vulnerable to the ISIS rampage . "  Convert to Islam or die " is the ISIS ultimatum , as given to Christians when the group overran that minority 's largest city , Qaraqosh . A senior U.S. administration said ISIS backs up its threat by beheading people with differing religious convictions and putting the heads on spikes to terrorize others . The extremists have also uploaded execution videos to the Internet . The militants ' carnage has displaced hundreds of thousands of people , especially from Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul . In addition , thousands of Yazidi families are stranded , and two U.S. military cargo planes airdropped 5,300 gallons of water and 8,000 meals to them Thursday . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry warned that ISIS ' "  grotesque and targeted acts of violence bear all the warning signs and hallmarks of genocide . " 2 . Protect U.S. interests and personnel "  We do whatever is necessary to protect our people , " Obama said Thursday night in announcing his authorization of airstrikes . "  We support our allies when they 're in danger . " Those two principles sum up the reasons for what he did . There are hundreds of military personnel in Iraq , many of them advisers sent to work with Iraqi and Kurdish military officials in response to the ISIS threat . Dozens of them are in Irbil , the largest city of the Kurdish region , which has been one of the most stable regions in Iraq and a cooperative U.S. partner . U.S. consular staff are there with them . Friday 's initial airstrikes hit ISIS artillery outside Irbil , according to the Pentagon . Kurdish officials say their fighting force , the Peshmerga , can hold off an ISIS advance , but the militants have weapons taken from Iraqi forces in areas they 've already overrun . They have wrested Kurdish towns from the Peshmerga . 3 . Take on the extremists Obama continues pushing for a political solution in Iraq , saying U.S. military action ca n't solve the conflict . But when asked why the United States was not evacuating American personnel , a senior administration official said the United States has the wherewithal to protect them and prefers instead to "  lay down a marker " before ISIS . Hawkish critics in Washington agree the United States does n't want another war in Iraq , but they say America can do more . "  Degrade ISIS " was the dictum from Republican Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina . "  It is inherently expansionist and must be stopped . " They suggest a take-it-to-them formula : Arm all partners who fight ISIS , including in Syria , and bomb their leaders , troops and positions , including in Syria . The Obama administration has pushed for Iraqis to form a new government more representative of Iraq 's Sunni Muslims than currently exists under Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . Many disaffected Sunni Muslim have joined ISIS . Then the White House wants Iraqi military forces to handle the threat . Map : Where is ISIS ? CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Administration concerned about possible "  genocide " as a result of ISIS Obama wants to protect U.S. interests -- consular and military personnel , a key regional ally U.S. conducts strikes against ISIS artillery outside Irbil , Iraq Hawkish critics call for more action , including extensive strikes in Syria
Claudia Lacy says she can accept anything : even that her youngest son committed suicide -- if it 's proven and explained to her . However , she says , local and state investigators have done neither to support their theory that Lennon Lacy hanged himself one summer night . "  That 's all I 've ever asked for : what is due , owed rightfully to me and my family -- justice . Prove to me what happened to my child , " Lacy says . She says she 's long lost confidence in the Bladenboro Police Department and the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation . Now , the FBI is looking into Lacy 's death and the local and state investigations that followed . Without clear answers , the past few months without him have not been easy . "  I look for him and I do n't see him . I listen for him and I do n't hear him , " Lacy says . The last time Lacy saw and heard her son was August 28 . Lennon , 17 , played the lineman position for the West Bladen High School Knights , and was focused on football . His family says that night , he packed a gym bag , washed his ankle brace and hung it on the clothesline to dry before heading out for an evening walk . The teen had asthma , his mother says , and a doctor had recommended he exercise outdoors at night when the temperature and humidity dropped . Around 10:30 , Lennon left his family 's small apartment and headed down a dirt road . His family never saw him alive again . Just before 7:30 the next morning , he was found hanging from the frame of a swing set in the center of a mobile home community . According to medical documents , his body was covered in fire ants . Lennon 's mother was called to the scene several hours later , after he 'd been placed into a body bag . "  It was unreal . It was like a dream . It was like I was not seeing what I was seeing , " Lacy says . Immediately , Lacy believed her son 's death was the result of some foul play . "  He did n't do this to himself , " Lacy says . She believes Lennon was lynched . "  He may have either been strangled somewhere else or been placed there or he was hung there while people were around watching him die , " Lennon 's older brother , Pierre Lacey says . However , North Carolina 's Chief Medical Examiner Dr. Deborah Radisch declared his death a suicide . When a state investigator asked Lacy if her son had been depressed recently , she told them he had -- because a relative had died recently . The state medical examiner cited that exchange in the autopsy report . Lacy says she did not mean that her son had been suffering from depression . "  When you just lose someone close to you , you 're going to be depressed , upset , in mourning , " Lacy says . The family says Lennon had not changed his routine and was focused on college and football -- and distracted by his girlfriend . The teen had been dating a 31-year-old white neighbor . The age of consent in North Carolina is 16 . Some people in their small , southern town did not like that the two were together . Lacy did not like their drastic age difference . "  I was shocked , disappointed . I also , initially told him how I felt - that I did not approve of it , " Lacy says . In the wake of his death , some wondered whether Lennon had been killed because he was in an interracial relationship . A week after Lennon was buried , a local teenager was arrested for defacing his grave . "  There are too many questions and it very well could be a lynching or a staged lynching . We do n't know -- but what we do know is there has to be a serious and full investigation of these matters , " says Rev. William Barber , a national board member for the NAACP . The NAACP hired Florida-based forensic pathologist Christena Roberts to analyze the case and Dr. Radisch 's autopsy , completed for the state . Roberts ' first concern : basic physics . Lennon was 5-foot-9 . The crossbar of the swing set frame he was found hanging from was 7-foot-6 , according to the NAACP review . With no swings or anything at the scene on which he could have climbed , according to the review , it 's unclear how Lennon reached the top . "  His size , his stature does not add up to him being capable of constructing all of this alone - in the dark , " Lennon 's brother says . According to the 911 recording and the initial police report , a 52-year-old woman got the 207-pound teen down , while she was on the phone with an emergency dispatcher . "  Dr. Radisch also noted that she was not provided with photographs or dimensions of the swing set . Without this information , she would be unable to evaluate the ability to create this scenario , " according to the NAACP review . Lacy says she told investigators that the belts used to fashion the noose did not belong to Lennon . "  I know every piece and every stitch of clothes this child has -- I buy them , I know . Those were not his belts , " Lacy says . The Bladen County Coroner and Medical Examiner Hubert Kinlaw believed the belts might have been dog leashes . Radisch thought that "  some portion must be missing because there was no secondary cut in either belt . The cut would have been necessary to bring down Lennon 's body , " according to the review . Also , the shoes Lennon was wearing when his body was found were not his , according to his family . Lennon 's brother says he left home that night wearing size 12 Air Jordan 's . However , he was found wearing size 10.5 Nike Air Force shoes . Those shoes were not with Lennon 's body when he arrived at the state medical examiner 's office , according to the NAACP review . "  He 's going to walk a quarter mile from his house in a pair of shoes that 's two sizes too small after he takes off his new pair of shoes - and this is a 17-year-old black kid with a brand new pair of Jordan 's on . He 's going to take those Jordan 's off and just get rid of them and put on some shoes that 's not his -- we do n't know where he got them from , no laces in them -- and continue to walk down this dirt road late at night to a swing set in the middle of the trailer park and hang himself , " Lacey says . "  How can I believe that ? " Lacey added . There are also questions about who first declared Lennon 's death a suicide . "  Dr. Radisch noted that her determination of  manner of death  in this case as suicide was based on the information she was provided by law enforcement and the local medical examiner . She would have likely called the  manner of death  ` pending ' while awaiting toxicology and investigation but the  local medical examiner  had already signed the  manner of death  as suicide , " according to the NAACP review . However , in the summary of the case , written the day Lennon was found , the local medical examiner asked "  did he hang self ? Will autopsy tell us ? " Kinlaw also left the conclusion on the manner of death "  pending . " Local police and state investigators declined to speak with CNN . CNN asked to interview Radisch about the statements attributed to her in the NAACP review . Instead , a department spokesperson confirmed the exchanges through a written statement : "  The comments that were released by the NAACP were a synopsis of a professional exchange between the NAACP 's independently-retained forensic pathologist and Dr. Radisch , " according to a spokesperson for the North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services . Lennon 's family believes there was a rush to judgment . And until someone clearly explains and proves how her son died , Lacy says she 'll keep fighting until she gets answers . "  I take it one day at a time . That 's all I can say , " Lacy says .	FBI is looking into the death of Lennon Lacy , 17 , and the investigations that followed Lacy was found hanging from a tree after he went for a walk on a summer night His mother says he did not commit suicide
CNN  Home to a gorgeous coastline , ancient cities and lush countryside , Sri Lanka is also slowly healing from the wounds of war . But with a steadily improving infrastructure , this tiny emerald-shaped island is on the rise . Here are five essential experiences and destinations . 1 . Riding the rails One of the easiest ways to get around the country -- not to mention the cheapest -- is via Sri Lanka 's rail network . It stretches across some of the country 's most scenic landscapes , from tea gardens and paddy fields to that famed coastline . Three of the most photogenic routes are from Colombo to Kandy , from Kandy to the tea estates of Ella and from Colombo to Galle . Sri Lanka has two competing high-end rail services , Expo Rail and the Rajadhani Express . Both are first-class carriages run by private operators attached to regular trains run by Sri Lanka Railways . Rajadhani Express trains can be found on three routes that run on two major Sri Lanka rail lines . ExpoRail serves more than 60 destinations on four different routes . 2 . Walking tour of Pettah , Colombo Pettah is one of the most famous neighborhoods in Colombo , known for its historic buildings and markets . A great place to start your tour of this historic area is the Pettah Market on Main Street , a hotbed of Sinhalese , Tamil and Muslim merchants . It 's one of the most important trading centers in Colombo , selling everything from spices and dried fish to textiles . From here , you can head to Sea Street for gem shopping . South of the old Town Hall , vendors sell vegetables and fruits . While in the area , it 's worth paying a visit to the impressive Wolfendaal Church , built in 1749 , and the historic Jami Ul Alfar Mosque , built in 1909 . 3 . Golden Temple of Dambulla The simplicity of its façade is a false tell -- Sri Lanka 's Dambulla cave temple -- also known as the Golden Temple of Dambulla -- contains wonderful painted murals and ancient artifacts . A UNESCO World Heritage Site , this rock temple complex dates back to the 1st century BC . Towering more than 160 meters , the complex houses five main shrines . In the second cave , known as the temple of the great kings , you 'll find the most impressive and biggest of all five . Built by Vattagamini Abhaya , it houses many Buddha statues in varying positions as well as deities from the Hindu pantheon . At the top of the complex visitors can watch the sun setting over the countryside . Coupling the trip to Dambulla cave with a visit to the nearby ancient city of Sigiriya makes for a spectacular experience . The best way to do this is to base yourself in the central Sri Lankan city of Kandy , 70 kilometers from Dambulla . For hotels , you ca n't go wrong with the chic Kandy House  Thekandyhouse.com , Amunugama Waluwa , Gunnepana , +94 81 492 1394 ; rooms from $ 225  . 4 . Glamorous Galle The beautiful town of Galle was built around the 16th century by the Portuguese . A major trading post on the spice trade route , it also shifted hands between the Dutch and English . Today , it 's a delight to walk or cycle around , its quaint streets strewn with old warehouses , churches , boutiques and beautiful homes . Galle Fort occupies roughly 130 acres . You can start your exploration with a walk around the fort wall , moving on to the National Maritime Museum just opposite the post office . Galle has some fabulous restored historic hotels . It 's worth spending a night or two , as you get a real sense of the place when the daily tour buses leave . One of the best properties in town is Galle Fort Hotel  28 Church St. , Galle Fort , Southern Province ; +94 91 223 2870  . From a weather standpoint , December to April is the best time to visit Galle . 5 . Beach hopping With its 1,340-kilometer coastline , Sri Lanka does n't make things easy for those trying to decide which beach to bum on . First there 's Unawatuna , famed for its golden sand . It 's one of the busiest beaches in Sri Lanka , dotted with shacks , restaurants and hotels for every budget . Among these is French Lotus  Yaheddimulla Road , Unawatuna , Gall ; +94 77 152 28 67 ; rooms from $ 38  , a modest colonial house with cheap rates . For surfers , the waters of Ahangama have the best waves in Sri Lanka . There are many surf schools as well as rental shops across from the beach . Lapoint Surf Camp , situated just opposite the Ahangama beach , is renowned among surfers . Guests stay in an ocean-side villa , while the camp offers surfing lessons for all levels . Seven-day packages start from $ 443 . Secluded on the southernmost tip of Sri Lanka you 'll find the most fabulous stretch of off-white sand and azure water in the country -- Tangalle . Yet to be hit by mass tourism , it 's a rare piece of paradise . Among recommended hotels in Tangalle : the luxurious Amanwella  Boddhi Mawatha , Wella Wathuara , Godellawela , Tangalle ; +94 47 224 1333 ; suites from $ 600  with its private beach and modern suites . For whale and dolphin watching expeditions there 's Mirrisa beach . But you 'll first have to face a three-hour boat ride through rough waters . Raja & the Whales  +94 77 695 3452 ; tours from $ 43 per person  is one of the most responsible tour operators running whale watching trips .	Sri Lanka is home to historic cities , ancient religious relics and beautiful beaches The Pettah Market is one of the most important trading centers in Colombo Sri Lanka 's 1,340-kilometer-long coastline is filled with beaches to suit various tastes
In an unprecedented report , a United Nations committee slammed the Vatican 's handling of child sexual abuse within the Catholic Church and accused the church of protecting itself rather than the victims . The Vatican should establish an "  independent mechanism for monitoring children 's rights " to investigate complaints and work with law enforcement , according to the report , which was released Wednesday . It calls for the church to immediately remove all known or suspected abusers from its ranks . The permanent observer of the Holy See to the United Nations , Archbishop Silvano Tomasi , said the Catholic Church has done much for the protection of children , but should do more . "  We have to continue to refine , to enact provisions that protect children in all their necessities so that they may grow and become productive adults in society and their dignity be constantly respected , " he told Vatican Radio . The report follows a hearing last month where Vatican officials were grilled over the church 's handling of child abuse allegations . The Vatican , as a country , is a signatory of the U.N. Convention of the Rights of the Child , and it was the U.N. Committee on the Rights of the Child that published the report . Clerics have been involved in the sexual abuse of "  tens of thousands " of children , the report says , and the United Nations is concerned about how the Vatican has handled the allegations . "  The committee is gravely concerned that the Holy See has not acknowledged the extent of the crimes committed , has not taken the necessary measures to address cases of child sexual abuse and protect children , and has adopted policies and practices which has led to the continuation of the abuse by and the impunity of the perpetrators , " the report states . The Vatican on Wednesday said it will study the report . Tomasi said the church does more than "  other institutions or even other states " to prevent further child abuse . He criticized the U.N. report for saying the church should accept the practice of abortion . "  This is a contradiction with the principle of life that the convention itself should support , recommending that children be protected before and after birth , " he said . The report accuses the Vatican of transferring child sexual abusers from one parish to another in an attempt to cover up crimes , placing children at high risk for abuse . "  The Holy See has consistently placed the preservation of the reputation of the Church and the protection of the perpetrators above children 's best interests , " the report states . Closed-door proceedings have allowed a majority of abusers to avoid criminal proceedings , the report says . A "  code of silence " within the clergy ensures that many cases of child sexual abuse are not reported to law enforcement , according to the report . Last month , the Vatican acknowledged that close to 400 priests left the priesthood in 2011 and 2012 because of accusations that they had sexually abused children . Since taking the helm of the Roman Catholic Church in March , Pope Francis has told a senior Vatican official to carry out "  due proceedings against the guilty " in sexual abuse cases . The report also called on the Vatican to make it mandatory to report all cases of suspected child abuse to law enforcement . The report rejected a Vatican argument that it , the Holy See , is only responsible for people who live in the tiny Vatican city-state . The U.N. says the Vatican has supreme power over individuals and institutions under its authority . One advocacy group , the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , said the report is evidence that Vatican claims of reform are deceptive . It is "  utterly tragic " that a body like the U.N. must tell the church to kick out abusers , the group said . "  That is , of course , common sense and common decency , " SNAP said in a statement . "  That the church hierarchy must be told this is damning . " U.N. committee on sexual abuse grills Vatican officials Vatican setting up commission against sexual abuse of minors	Vatican official says the church has done a lot to keep children from being abused A U.N. committee accuses the Vatican of protecting itself over victims of abuse The church has used cover-ups to protect its clergy , the report alleges The U.N. calls for the Vatican to create a system for monitoring children 's rights
"  URGENT , " read the Iraqi News headline of its September 3 posting . "  First Chinese ISIS fighter captured in Iraq says Ministry of Defense . " The Iraqi Army has captured an Islamic State in Iraq and Syria fighter from China , the Baghdad-datelined report said . Two pictures accompanied the report : one showed the captured militant in fatigue pants and a bloodied shirt , lying on the ground ; another showed him escorted by an Iraqi soldier , his face seemingly swollen . If true , he would be the first Chinese national to have been caught fighting with ISIS militants . "  We are not able to verify whether or not the information is true , " said Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang , responding to a foreign reporter 's question . "  I can not confirm the information for you . " It 's not clear how many Chinese nationals may be fighting with the ISIS . Wu Sike , until recently China 's special envoy to the Middle East , earlier stated that there could be about 100 of them , but Qin Gang said he had no specific numbers or estimates . Chinese netizens ' reaction was typically visceral . "  Kill them ! " commented "  Hellen " on the Iraqi News website . "  we chinese are glad to see these muslims ' death ! " If such reports are true , said Chinese commentator Victor Gao , "  this will be an additional evidence that terrorism in China has a strong international connection . Terrorism does not care about national borders . " It remains unclear if the captured Chinese national is actually Uighur , a Muslim minority group in Xinjiang , but Gao seems to assume so . "  In China terrorism is raising its ugly head and is spreading from Xinjiang to other parts of China . The underlying drivers for terrorism are mainly the congruence of domestic and international forces at play among some extreme elements of the Uighur minority in Xinjiang , " he added . Xinjiang , a resource-rich and strategically located region in northwest China , for years has been beset by ethnic violence , which the government blames on "  fenliefenzi "  "  separatists "  . Uighur exiles and rights activists , however , blame the unrest on Beijing 's allegedly repressive and discriminatory policies . A spate of violent incidents have been blamed on the Uighurs . In March , more than 10 masked people , dressed in identical black outfits and wielding machetes , stabbed passengers in Kunming Railway Station in Yunnan province , thousands of miles away from Beijing , killing 29 people and injured 143 others . Police killed four of the attackers and arrested one woman . In May , terrorists used car bombs to attack an open-air market in Urumqi , the region 's capital , leaving 39 dead and 94 injured . The police later blamed the knife and bomb attacks on members of the East Turkistan Islamic Movement  ETIM  , an Islamist group founded in 1993 by Uighur militants seeking an independent state in Xinjiang called East Turkistan . The ETIM has been accused by the China and the U.S. of having ties with al Qaeda , but security analysts disagree on whether such ties actually exist . Uighur exile groups claim that Beijing uses the ETIM as a red herring to rationalize its repressive policies against the Uighurs . If the Iraqi News report is true , said M. Taylor Fravel , an international relations professor at MIT , it shows that "  radicalization transcends boundaries and regions , threatening not only countries in the Middle East but also China and the West . That said , Uighurs have a long history of fighting overseas . I believe that Uighurs fought against the Soviets in Afghanistan , for example . So the phenomenon is not a new one . " In 2006 , the U.S. captured 22 Uighur militants fighting in Afghanistan with suspected links to al Qaeda . They were imprisoned in Guantanamo for five to seven years and later released after they were reclassified as no longer enemy combatants . Instead of repatriating them to China , however , they were sent to Palau and Bermuda . "  China will surely use this to underscore the challenges it faces in maintaining stability in Xinjiang , but I do n't think that this will alter the policies being pursued , which seem to be increasing instability and not decreasing it , " MIT 's Fravel said . Beijing has stepped up its carrot-and-stick efforts to appease local dissatisfaction and curb violence . Speaking in a two-day conference on Xinjiang in May , President Xi Jinping promised to enhance "  ethnic unity " in Xinjiang while creating more jobs , providing accessible education and improving people 's livelihoods . Xi also pledged to respect the local residents ' legitimate religious rights and local customs "  in accordance with laws and regulations . " But Xi also called for a massive "  nets spread from the earth to the sky " to combat terrorists , stating that the stability of Xinjiang is "  strategically vital to the country 's reform and development as well as national security . " In response to the spate of violent attacks , China has launched a one-year campaign against terrorism . Chinese police in various cities have held anti-terrorism drills using sophisticated equipment such as satellite vans , armored cars and modern weapons . Bulk purchasers of gasoline are now required to provide identification , secure permits from local police stations and use only approved containers . In some places , sales of large knives are controlled or banned . Local courts in Xinjiang have been given instructions to deal with terror cases in a "  harsh and quick " manner . In June , China executed 13 people convicted of organizing and leading terrorist groups . China 's critics fear the campaign could lead to more repressive policies toward Uighurs , widening ethnic divide . For years tensions have been simmering between the Han Chinese and the Uighur minority nationality . I saw tensions boil over in the streets of Urumqi in July 2009 , when thousands of angry Uighur residents , some wielding knives and sticks , rioted in the streets and attacked Han Chinese , prompting the authorities to call in truckloads of Chinese soldiers . Nearly 200 people died in the ethnic clashes . Authorities blame separatists for fomenting violence , but critics of China 's policies say the root of the problem is widespread alienation among the region 's Muslim Uighur population who resent strict controls on religion and local culture . Uighurs also resent the influx into the region of Han Chinese migrants , who tend to dominate the local industry and commerce . They complain they are being left behind by rapid economic development , and are unable to partake of the benefits from the region 's rich resources . All these , critics say , have made Xinjiang a breeding ground for malcontents .	Iraqi Army has captured Islamic State in Iraq and Syria fighter from China , report said If true , he would be first Chinese national caught fighting with ISIS militants One Chinese commentator assumes the man is Uighur , a Muslim minority group Beijing has stepped up efforts to appease local dissatisfaction and curb violence
CNN  -- A gun found during a traffic accident investigation two months ago has been linked to a 2012 double slaying that police are investigating in connection with Aaron Hernandez , law enforcement sources said Tuesday . After a June 21 four-vehicle crash on Interstate 91 in Springfield , Massachusetts , Jailene Diaz-Ramos , 19 , was taken to a hospital . During a search of her vehicle -- which is customary when a car is towed from a crash scene -- Massachusetts State Police found a firearm and several rounds of ammunition , according to the incident report . The gun 's ballistics match the markings on the bullets found after two men were killed outside a Boston bar last year , two law enforcement sources said . The evidence has been presented to a grand jury hearing details of the double homicide , a law enforcement source said . Investigation turns to Hernandez 's fiancee Diaz-Ramos was not licensed to carry the weapon and was charged with possession of a firearm without a license , possession of ammunition without a license and improper storage of a firearm , the incident report said . When asked , the teenager told police the .38 - caliber weapon belonged to her boyfriend and that "  he was the last one to use the car to visit a football player , " according to a law enforcement source with knowledge of the case . It 's unclear if she named the football player . Hernandez , a former New England patriot tight end , is being investigated in connection with the double killing in Boston 's South End , law enforcement sources said . Diaz-Ramos ' connection to Hernandez is unclear , but she and her boyfriend are both from Bristol , Connecticut , Hernandez 's hometown , police say . The teenager was released on bail after her initial appearance at Springfield District Court , according to police . Search warrant : Hernandez stored guns in box In June , law enforcement sources said they believe Hernandez , 23 , rented a silver SUV with Rhode Island registration that was linked to the scene of the double homicide . Police searched for the vehicle for almost a year before locating and impounding , the source said . Separately , Hernandez is accused with the killing of friend Odin Lloyd , a 27-year-old semipro football player whose body was found in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez 's home . Hernandez has pleaded not guilty . CNN 's Darius Walker , Lawrence Crook and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	A gun found during a traffic investigation has been linked to a double killing , police say Aaron Hernandez is being investigated in connection with the slaying , source says A woman is charged ; her relationship to the former NFL player is unclear , police say Hernandez is charged , separately , with murder of Odin Lloyd ; he has pleaded not guilty
CNN  A Belgian court convicted the leader of an Islamist group and several of his followers on terror charges Wednesday for sending jihadist fighters to Syria , in a case in which 46 people were accused . Fouad Belkacem , the leader of the Sharia4Belgium group , was jailed for 12 years by the court in the city of Antwerp , a spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's office , Fabienne Nackaerts , told CNN . Of the 46 people accused in the case , 36 could not be found and their arrests were ordered in their absence , a news release from the Antwerp court said . Of the 10 who appeared in court , one was acquitted . Most of those who could not be found are thought to be still fighting in Syria or to have died there . Those accused of being leaders in the terror group were sentenced to 10 to 15 years in prison and fines of 24,000 to 30,000 euros  $ 27,170 to $ 33,940  , the court said . Those accused of active membership of Sharia4Belgium without leadership roles were given lesser sentences . The offenses were committed in Antwerp and Brussels in Belgium as well as in Syria and Turkey between 2010 and 2014 , the court said . The court "  also established that Sharia4Belgium has played an active role in the departure of several Syria fighters , " it said . Radical British preacher Anjem Choudary 's name was mentioned several times by the prosecutor during the Antwerp trial as having helped Belkacem set up Sharia4Belgium . Choudary acknowledged to CNN that Belkacem had consulted with him in 2010 on establishing the group , whose name refers to Sharia , or Islamic , law . Speaking after the sentence Wednesday , Choudary said : "  I believe nowadays in Europe if you call for Sharia you are considered to be guilty . Abu Imran  an alias for Belkacem  was just doing his Islamic responsibility . "  In 2010 he came to see me and he asked about how to set up a branch of our own body that we had in Britain . Sharia4 Belgium was under our own guidance . Abu Imran helped set up branches in Holland and France . "  I am extremely proud and I love Abu Imran and all the members of Sharia4Belgium . " Choudary , who was a co-founder of the banned UK Islamist group Al Muhajiroun , told CNN last August that he believed the ISIS extremist group would spread rapidly and be in Europe and the United States within decades . As of September , 350 Belgian citizens were known to have traveled to Syria and Iraq to join Islamist extremist groups fighting there , the Belgian Interior Ministry said then . Given Belgium 's relatively small Muslim population , this is a high number , compared with other European nations that have seen radicalized citizens head overseas to fight . Authorities fear some who return will seek to carry out attacks motivated by jihadist ideas . Belgian authorities last month carried out a series of counter-terror raids on a suspected jihadist cell amid fears that its members were plotting an imminent attack on Belgian soil . A federal prosecutor said they planned to target police officers . Toxic mix that makes Belgium fertile ground for terrorism CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	Radical UK preacher Anjem Choudary says convicted leader was just doing his Islamic duty Fouad Belkacem , the leader of the Sharia4Belgium group , is jailed for 12 years Several of his followers were also convicted on terror charges , the prosecutor 's office says
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama and Republican and Democratic leaders engaged in a spirited but civil debate at a health care summit Thursday , finding agreement on some issues but appearing to find little common ground on how to move forward in a bipartisan way . "  I do n't know , frankly , whether we can close that gap , " said President Obama as the day-long meeting closed . If agreement is not reached , he said , there will be "  a lot of arguments about procedures in Congress about moving forward , " an apparent reference to using a parliamentary shortcut under which a health care bill could be passed with a simple majority instead of the 60-vote supermajority the body requires to overcome the filibuster which Republicans have threatened to use . "  My hope had been there might be enough areas of overlap to realistically think about moving forward without a situation in which everyone just goes to their respective corners and this ends up being a political fight , " he said . "  Frankly , I was discourage by the outcome , " Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , told reporters after the meeting . He urged the Democrats to "  start over and go step by step and target the areas of possible agreement that we discussed in the meeting today . " Sen. John Boehner , R-Ohio , sounded equally unenthusiastic . "  I think the American people want us to work together on common steps to make our current system work better , " he said . "  We ca n't do it within the framework of a 2,700-page bill . " Live updates from the health care summit "  The president let everybody talk and talk and talk , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , who called Obama "  the most patient man in the world . " Though there were areas of agreement , he said , "  every Republican used the same talking points . " He , too , appeared to raise the specter of attempting to move forward through the parliamentary shortcut , known as reconciliation . "  It 's time we do something and we 're going to do it , " the Nevada Democrat said . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she was "  not overly optimistic " that the Democrats would be able to attract Republican votes for the health care bill . Obama said in opening remarks that "  it is absolutely critical to begin now moving on what is one of the biggest drags on the economy . " The situation affects not just people without health insurance , but also those who have it , he said . "  The problem is not getting better , " he said . "  It is getting worse . " Share your reaction to the summit Obama called on Republican and Democratic leaders at the much-publicized summit to "  not focus on where we differ , but focus on where we agree . " The differences were evident , though , in what each side believes should happen next . Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander , who made the opening remarks for his party , said Democrats should scrap existing bills passed by the House and Senate and start over on new legislation . Watch what areas Democrats and Republicans can agree on That 's not going to happen , Democrats answered , saying Americans can not wait . "  For them , they do n't have time for us to start over , " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said . Jon Kyl , the Senate Republican Whip , pointed out that a major philosophical difference between the two sides is who should be in charge of the health care system -- the government or private industry . "  There 's so much in the bills you have supported that puts so much control in Washington , " Kyl said to Obama . House Republican Whip Eric Cantor also highlighted that concern , pointing out that Republicans are nearly unanimous in their opposition to the bills . "  There is a reason we voted no , " Cantor said to Obama . "  It does have to do with the philosophical differences you pointed out . It also has to do with our fear that Washington can define what are essential health benefits . " Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin made an impassioned plea for passage of health care reform , saying the current system discriminates against people who are already sick . Watch Harkin 's plea for everyone to have insurance Racial segregation has been outlawed , he said , "  however we still allow segregation today on the basis of your health . " Fellow Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller urged greater oversight of the health insurance sector , which he called "  a shark that swims just below the water . " "  This is a rapacious industry that does what it wants , unknown to the people of America except on an individual basis , " Rockefeller said . Critics had said before the nationally televised summit started that it would amount to a public relations stunt . "  This is about theater , " said Sen. John Cornyn , a Texas Republican . "  This is not about substance , unfortunately . " Watch what 's at stake at the health care summit Obama addressed that concern in his opening remarks . "  I hope this is n't political theater where people are playing to the camera , " he said . Obama said Republicans and Democrats seem to agree that costs have to be contained . "  It 's absolutely true that if all we 're doing is adding more people to a broken system , then costs will continue to skyrocket , " he said . Republican Sen. Tom Coburn , who is a physician , listed several ways to cut costs , including focusing on disease prevention and management as well as cracking down on fraud . Coburn also blasted what he called the "  extortion " behind frivolous lawsuits that make doctors victims of the current legal system . "  A large number of the tests we order every day are not for the patients , they 're for the doctors , " Coburn said . Another Republican physician , Rep. Charles Boustany of Louisiana , said doctors also would like a plan that would "  simplify , streamline and standardize all paperwork that is involved . " The cumbersome paperwork , he said , "  takes you away from patient care . " The discussion took a testy tone when Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona complained about how the Democrats handled the process of approving the legislation . McCain , who lost to Obama in the 2008 presidential race , said candidate Obama had pledged eight times that the health care debate would be conducted in the open and televised by C-SPAN . Instead , McCain said , the legislation was "  produced behind closed doors ... with unsavory deals . " Obama tried to break in , but McCain asked to be allowed to finish . After McCain was done , Obama seemed to flash some anger when he said , "  We 're not campaigning . The election is over . " Said McCain with a slight laugh , "  I 'm reminded of that every day . " At one point , both men tried to talk over each other . "  The focus should not be on the issue of how we get a bill done , " Obama said . McCain replied that "  the American people care about what we do and how we do it . " Obama cut off the discussion when he said , "  We can have a debate about process or we can have a debate about how we help the American people . " Fact Check : How common is the Senate use of reconciliation ? After the meeting , McCain told reporters in a conference call , "  A conversation like this is bound to be a good thing . I just wish we had started it a year ago instead of jamming it through . " He said he hopes the Democrats will refrain from using reconciliation , urging that "  the 60-vote procedure of the Senate be protected . " Obama also seemed to take a shot at Cantor , who stacked the voluminous House and Senate health care reform bills on the table in front of him . The president called the display "  props " and said , "  These are the kinds of political things we do that prevent us from having a conversation . " On Wednesday , Sen. Chris Dodd , a key author of the Senate health care bill , told reporters flatly that if Republicans continued to demand that Democrats scrap their health care proposals and start over , "  then there 's nothing to talk about . " But McConnell argued that starting over is exactly what Republicans want . "  Unless they 're willing to do that , I think it 's nearly impossible to imagine a scenario under which we can reach agreement because we do n't think we ought to pass a 2,700-page bill that seeks to restructure one-sixth of our economy , " McConnell said . Watch as opposing sides protest at health summit He warned the political consequences would be severe if Democrats moved forward without Republican support . Dodd said Democrats and Republicans could find common ground in some areas , such as the Republican push to allow insurers to sell insurance across state lines . He called the GOP proposal "  a legitimate issue , " but said Democrats already have a version of that proposal in their legislation . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs expressed confidence Thursday that a bill will pass . "  We 're very close to health care reform for the American people , " he said . Three top Democratic sources privately told CNN the new goal is to pass the final legislation by the end of March or else Congress will have to move back to other issues like job creation and unfinished spending bills . The meeting took place across the street from the White House , in the Garden Room at Blair House . The summit discussions were based around four themes -- controlling costs , insurance reforms , reducing the deficit and expanding coverage . CNN 's Dana Bash , Ed Henry , Kristi Keck and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Sen. Jay Rockefeller : "  This is a rapacious industry that does what it wants " Sen. Tom Harkin says health care system discriminates , segregates people President Obama tells Sen. John McCain : "  We 're not campaigning . The election is over " GOP Sen. Lamar Alexander urges Democrats to scrap bills , start over on health care
Of all the speeches at the Democratic convention in Charlotte , North Carolina , few offended conservative listeners more than the speech by Sandra Fluke . There are plenty of good reasons to be annoyed . From the conservative point of view , Fluke is on the wrong side of a battle over religious freedom . Back in March , she testified in favor of a proposed Obama administration rule that would require Catholic institutions , like her own Georgetown University law school , to reject the teaching of their church and cover contraception in their university health plans -- plans not funded by taxpayers , by the way , but by tuition and other university revenues . Now here Fluke was again , on the national stage , warning that a vote for the Republican ticket in 2012 was a vote for "  an America in which you have a new vice president who co-sponsored a bill that would allow pregnant women to die preventable deaths in our emergency rooms . An America in which states humiliate women by forcing us to endure invasive ultrasounds we do n't want and our doctors say we do n't need . "  An America in which access to birth control is controlled by people who will never use it ; in which politicians redefine rape so survivors are victimized all over again ; in which someone decides which domestic violence victims deserve help , and which do n't . " Shortly before Fluke spoke , conservative commentator Ann Coulter had tweeted : "  Bill Clinton just impregnated Sandra Fluke backstage . " That was nothing compared with the outpouring of fury during and after the speech . Stephen Kruiser , who hosts on the conservative Internet video site PJTV and appears on Fox 's "  Red Eye , " tweeted mid-speech : "  Tricky camera work to keep TV audience from seeing  David  Axelrod 's hand up Fluke 's a ** . " The next day , National Review columnist and sometime Rush Limbaugh guest host Mark Steyn scoffed : "  Sandra Fluke has been blessed with a quarter-million dollars of elite education ... and she has concluded that the most urgent need facing the Brokest Nation in History is for someone else to pay for the contraception of 30-year-old children . " Sandra Fluke : Slurs wo n't silence women James Taranto , columnist for the online edition of The Wall Street Journal , was nearly equally scathing . "  Seriously , the party of Andrew Jackson and Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman chose to showcase someone whose claim to fame is that she demands that somebody else pay for her birth control . " Within 48 hours , the attack had jumped from the conservative media sphere to electoral politics . Campaigning in Addison , Illinois , Republican congressional candidate Joe Walsh erupted : "  Think about this , a 31 - , 32-year-old law student who has been a student for life , who gets up there in front of a national audience and tells the American people , ' I want America to pay for my contraceptives . ' You 're kidding me . Go get a job . Go get a job , Sandra Fluke . " There 's never any shortage of vitriol in political commentary , but usually it 's reserved for the headliners . Yet Fluke provoked more sputtering in five minutes than former President Bill Clinton did in a speech 10 times as long . Why ? The answer takes us to the events that put Fluke on the stage in Charlotte in the first place : Rush Limbaugh 's brutal , sexualized attack on her congressional testimony . On the day after Fluke spoke , Limbaugh demanded : "  What does it say about the college co-ed Sandra Fluke , who goes before a congressional committee and essentially says that she must be paid to have sex , what does that make her ? It makes her a slut , right ? It makes her a prostitute . She wants to be paid to have sex . She 's having so much sex she ca n't afford the contraception . She wants you and me and the taxpayers to pay her to have sex . What does that make us ? We 're the pimps . " Limbaugh returned to the subject again and again , escalating his abuse over three consecutive days . "  So Miss Fluke , and the rest of you feminazis , here 's the deal . If we are going to pay for your contraceptives , and thus pay for you to have sex , we want something for it . We want you to post the videos online so we can all watch . " After three days of this , advertisers began to drop his show -- and Limbaugh was constrained to issue a grudging apology on his website . "  For over 20 years , I have illustrated the absurd with absurdity , three hours a day , five days a week . In this instance , I chose the wrong words in my analogy of the situation . I did not mean a personal attack on Ms. Fluke . "  I think it is absolutely absurd that during these very serious political times , we are discussing personal sexual recreational activities before members of Congress . I personally do not agree that American citizens should pay for these social activities . What happened to personal responsibility and accountability ? Where do we draw the line ? If this is accepted as the norm , what will follow ? Will we be debating if taxpayers should pay for new sneakers for all students that are interested in running to keep fit ? In my monologue , I posited that it is not our business whatsoever to know what is going on in anyone 's bedroom nor do I think it is a topic that should reach a presidential level . "  My choice of words was not the best , and in the attempt to be humorous , I created a national stir . I sincerely apologize to Ms. Fluke for the insulting word choices . " In this grudging half-apology , half-justification , Limbaugh misstated the facts of the case . Taxpayer money was never at issue between Fluke and Georgetown . When Fluke and her fellow students paid tuition to Georgetown , they got health coverage as part of the deal . At issue in Fluke 's congressional hearing were principles of religious freedom -- and the disposition of student health dollars -- but not taxpayer money . Limbaugh 's misstatement had the benefit of permitting him a change of subject -- and a way out of a damaging controversy . And it allowed his friends and supporters to pronounce the matter closed . Yet somehow it did n't close : not for Fluke , and not for Limbaugh either . Why this election is so personal Other male commentators have used belittling , misogynistic language against other women in the public eye . Both Republican and Democratic women have found themselves on the receiving end of condescension and epithets . But Limbaugh did something different with Fluke : Aggressively and deliberately , over a long span of days , because his own commercial interests require shock and controversy , Limbaugh had promoted Fluke into a totem and martyr . When Democrats later claimed that Republicans "  waged war on women , " Limbaugh 's tirade became Exhibit A -- at least until Rep. Todd Akin 's "  legitimate rape " comment demoted it to second place . At the time of the tirade , a number of Republican politicians spoke out against Limbaugh . U.S. Sen. Scott Brown called Limbaugh 's comments "  reprehensible " and former Senate candidate Carly Fiorina condemned them as "  insulting . " Yet as time has passed , the regrets faded . An idea was born and grew that somehow Fluke must have provoked what was said of her , must indeed have deserved it . Erick Erickson of CNN and Red State.com expressed this "  she asked for it " view pungently in a March blog post : "  Of course Rush Limbaugh was being insulting . He was using it as a tool to highlight just how absurd the Democrats ' position is on this . It 's what he does and does quite well . And in the process he 's exposing a lot of media bias on the issue as people rush out  no pun intended  to make Sandra Fluke a victim of his insults and dance around precisely what is really insulting ? her testimony before congress that American taxpayers should subsidize the sexual habits of Georgetown Law School students because , God forbid , they should stop having sex if they can not afford the pills themselves . " That mood , an undercurrent until recently , gushed into full view on the night of Fluke 's convention speech . If the words "  slut " and "  prostitute " are not to be used , she must nonetheless be the thing indicated by those not-to-be-used words : a woman whose sexuality is for sale . Because if she 's not -- if she 's merely a concerned citizen who expressed in a public forum a diverging view of the appropriate relationship between church and state -- then what does that make Limbaugh ? And what does it make those who rallied to defend Limbaugh ? Something pretty ugly , right ? Which is why it remains today so urgently necessary for so many people to demean and defame this woman . The correct reply to Fluke is that she is a person intolerant of the religious liberty of the Catholic Church . The Catholic Church does good works on a vast national scale -- caring for the sick , teaching children , supporting the homeless -- all to uphold its compassionate doctrines in a harsh world . Once government starts imposing its rules on a church , then it crushes the spirit that leads the church to do its good on the world . You can say all that without hurling accusations of nymphomania , freeloading and sexual exhibitionism . In fact , omitting such vile insults makes the rebuttal more convincing , not less . But that 's not how Rush Limbaugh does it , and he has taught a generation of conservative shock-mongers to do the same or worse . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter .	David Frum : Sandra Fluke 's speech at DNC sparked the most conservative outrage It goes back to Rush Limbaugh 's sexualized , brutal attacks on her after testimony , he says Frum : Fluke wanted her college insurance to cover birth control , funded by tuition , not taxes Frum : Disagree that religious schools include birth control in insurance , but do n't revile her
CNN  -- It 's been underway for barely over a week , but Australia 's election campaign is already drawing attention worldwide following a string of embarrassing gaffes from candidates . Tony Abbott -- the opposition leader who hopes to unseat Kevin Rudd as prime minister on September 7 -- has been the worst offender , with a series of missteps that have threatened to derail his center-right Liberal Party 's momentum . Opinion polls have Abbott 's coalition marginally ahead of Rudd 's center-left Labor Party by 52 points to 48 . The most serious blunder came on Tuesday when Abbott praised a female candidate 's "  sex appeal " while campaigning in the Western Sydney seat of Lindsay . "  They 're young , feisty , I think I can probably say have a bit of sex appeal , and they 're just very connected with the local area , " he told reporters , when asked what qualities local candidate , Fiona Scott , had in common with a previous MP . The remarks were seized upon by feminists and other critics as evidence that Abbott holds outdated attitudes towards women , an allegation previously made by former Prime Minster Julia Gillard , who once told the Australian parliament : "  If  Abbott  wants to know what misogyny looks like in modern Australia , he does n't need a motion in the House of Representatives , he needs a mirror . " Abbott 's comments triggered a torrent of criticism and ridicule on social media . "  My first reaction to this statement was utter disbelief , " wrote one Facebook user . "  I am still astonished that this language is considered acceptable . " "  These comments speak volumes of his true character , and this is not the type of personality that makes a good leader of any kind , let alone a national leader , " wrote another . Rudd waded into the debate Wednesday , describing Abbott 's comments as "  pretty odd , " and saying any employer who made similar remarks could expect to find themselves "  in serious strife . " "  My policy is pretty simple : in modern Australia , neither sexism , nor racism , nor homophobia has any place whatsoever , " he told reporters . "  I believe people look to their national leaders to set that sort of example . " Abbott said later he had been "  a bit exuberant " in his comments , and described the remarks as a consequence of him having "  a daggy dad moment " -- using an Australian term for something slightly embarrassing or uncool . But he did nothing to quiet accusations of sexism when he taunted Rudd with a question of whether he was "  man enough " to rule out a pre-election deal with another party . READ MORE : Internet , economy and boat people key issues in Australian election Abbott has previously come in for ridicule for projecting a Putin-esque , "  macho man " image , including being photographed at ocean swim events in revealing swimming trunks . Images of Abbott in his "  budgie smugglers , " as the style is known colloquially in Australia , were circulated online following his latest remarks , with a caption asking : "  Just how much sex appeal does it take to win an election , Tony ? " Abbott had earlier made headlines for a piquant slip of the tongue , when he told a crowd in Melbourne Monday that "  no one -- however smart , however well-educated , however experienced -- is the suppository of all wisdom . " A mistimed attempt at baby kissing that saw him plant his lips on the hair of the child 's mother was also singled out for ridicule . An aspiring candidate for Abbott 's Liberal Party also found himself the target of social media jibes Tuesday following an embarrassing on-camera freeze when questioned about his party 's immigration policy . Jaymes Diaz , a candidate in the New South Wales seat of Greenway , told a television reporter his party had a six-point plan to "  stop the boats " of illegal migrants , but was unable to articulate what any of those points might be . His embarrassment followed the humiliation of Stephanie Banister , a 27-year-old candidate for Australia 's fringe anti-immigration One Nation party , who blundered through a television interview claiming that Islam was a country and that Jews followed Jesus Christ . The performance , which saw her labeled the "  Australian Sarah Palin , " led to her withdrawing her candidacy just 48 hours into the race . The slew of political gaffes inspired comedian John Oliver , of the popular U.S. satirical program The Daily Show , to urge the United States to emulate Australia and condense its campaigning into one month , promising they would not miss out on any of the entertaining blunders of a typical election season . "  You might think , ` Hold on John , if our elections were just four weeks , we would n't get to have all the fun of watching the human gaffe-alanches on the campaign trail , ' " he said . "  But here 's the thing -- you 're wrong . You name a great campaign moment and Australia will get to it this month . " In April , U.S. President Barack Obama apologized after describing California 's Attorney General Kamala Harris to an audience of Democratic donors as "  by far the best-looking attorney general in the country , " a remark that was criticized by some as sexist . READ MORE : How Australian prime ministerial candidates view China	Gaffes by candidates in Australia 's election campaign have drawn international ridicule Opposition leader Tony Abbott has fared worst , praising a female candidate 's "  sex appeal " Abbott , who projects a macho image , has previously been criticized for his attitude to women Australians go to the vote on September 7
CNN  -- It reads like something out of a Japanese monster movie : Enormous angry hornets invade cities , dive-bomb unsuspecting civilians , and inflict horrifically painful and in some cases fatal stings . But it 's not science fiction , it 's real . Every year around this time , the Asian giant hornets move into cities in China , Japan , Taiwan , the Korean Peninsula and other areas in Asia to forage for food for their young , and that 's where the trouble starts . More than 40 people have died so far this season from the powerful stings and scores have been hospitalized . Emergency response teams are on the hunt for the nests to destroy them before the insects do more damage , and authorities have set up medical units to treat the injured . So what do the hornets have against city dwellers ? Nothing , really . The hornets just happen to be in an unusually desperate situationn -- largely due to humans . The revulsion and panic that people feel when they read about these incidents or see pictures on TV and on the Internet should be about something more than fear . It should provide a moment to consider the impact of humans on their environment -- one that can end up biting them back . Asian giant hornets do n't eat much solid food as adults ; instead , they forage for food for their young , often stealing the larvae of honeybees or other insects , but sometimes they forage for scraps of fish in city garbage cans . Then they fly incredible distances to deliver the food , arriving exhausted and starving . They get their only nutrition from their children . That 's right : The babies feed the parents . These grub-like hornet larvae enjoy the meal their parents have brought them , then the parents tap on their heads , which prompts the larvae to offer up a few drops of clear liquid . The amino acids and other nutrients in this liquid fuels the adult hornets , and they fly off in search of more food . Sounds aggravating , does n't it ? I 'd be angry , too , if I had to go to that much effort to feed my young . At one time , the hornets could forage through forests and fields to find a meal for the kids . But now , as those wild areas are paved over , the hornets find themselves on our turf . Their search for food is as desperate and fast-paced as it ever was , only now they must contend with parking lots and apartment buildings where they once only had to battle other insect foes . This is not the first time that we humans have moved into wild areas and found ourselves doing battle with wild creatures as a result . One example : In the 19th century , great swaths of Brazilian wilderness were hacked down to make room for plantations . Once people started living in areas that had been wild , they found themselves exposed to new diseases that had never before posed much of a threat to humans . The assassin bug , a bloodsucking insect native to the region , helps transmit a disease called Chagas disease . It had never before been widespread among humans ; its reach was primarily confined to other jungle-dwelling animals . But once people moved into the insect 's habitat , the disease began to spread among us and continues to do so . The deaths inflicted by the Asian giant hornet threat are indeed tragic . But they also serve as a reminder that nature is fierce and powerful . The hornets are not invasive ; in this case , it is the humans who are invasive . There can be consequences to moving in on another creature 's territory . The Asian giant hornet is feeling the pressure that species all over the world are experiencing . The only difference is that the hornet has found a way to push back . Can you blame it ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amy Stewart .	Amy Stewart : Asian hornets have killed , injured many in Asian cities She says they 're venturing great distances for food as their habitats are vanishing Human intrusions have long touched off battles in nature , Stewart says Stewart : The hornets are not invasive ; in this case , it is the humans who are
CNN  -- Fears of a serial killer stalking women in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , have prompted some residents to take matters into their own hands -- and onto the internet , with frightful results for one man . Many residents of the city have joined a Facebook page titled "  Catch the Kensington Strangler , before he catches someone you love , " and police say a male Philadelphia resident was falsely accused of being responsible for three strangulation murders and three other assaults that have occurred in the central Philadelphia area in recent weeks . The post contained a photograph of the man and listed his address and contact information , police spokesman Lt. Ray Evers told CNN . Shortly after the posting , a group of people began gathering outside the man 's home , prompting him to call the police , according to Evers . "  He probably feared for his life . " Evers said . Police later escorted the man to the city 's special victims unit , where he was interviewed and his DNA was compared with samples taken from the scene of the three killings that all came from the same individual . The man 's DNA did n't match the DNA from the crime scenes , and he was cleared . Police said they are unsure who made the accusation , but they believe whoever did it had a vendetta against the man and could face charges if caught . Authorities are warning female residents not to walk alone , as police and community watch groups continue to search for the killer . "  The task force we 've put together is sweeping the area , but we caution females in the area not go it alone at any cost , " Evers said . On Tuesday night , police announced they are looking for a serial killer after it was determined that DNA found at the scene of the third homicide matched that found at two previous killings . The partially clothed body of the third victim , Casey Mahoney , 27 , was discovered December 15 , according to police spokeswoman Jillian Russell . Mahoney had been sexually assaulted and strangled . Two other women , Elaine Goldberg , 21 , and Nicole Piacentini , 35 , were killed in November . Police originally told CNN that all of the homicide victims were involved in prostitution and narcotics , but a Philadelphia TV station , WCAU-TV , has reported that Goldberg was a nursing student who attended Gwynedd-Mercy College . Authorities are offering a $ 30,000 reward for information leading to an arrest and conviction , said task force Capt. James Clark . Earlier this week , authorities said they believe the attacker likely is still within a 10-block radius of where the attacks occurred . Police said the assault victims described the attacker as an African-American male in his early 20s , weighing between 160 and 170 pounds . Authorities say they lack DNA evidence that would link the three assaults , in which the victims were choked in a manner similar to the homicide victims . Too much time had elapsed between the initial two assaults in October and the victims ' notifying police . "  The assault victims did not come forward until police began combing the Kensington  neighborhood  for suspects and potential victims following the November homicides , " Evers said . Federal agents joined the investigation earlier this month , bringing in resources from the FBI 's behavioral analysis unit , violent criminal apprehension program , and the National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime . "  The investigation appears to be limited to Philadelphia , " FBI spokesman J.J. Klaver said this week . "  This could change if there are any indications that the subject or subjects responsible for the crimes ... are linked to similar crimes elsewhere . " Police have said the assault victims described the attacker as an African-American male in his early 20s , weighing between 160 and 170 pounds . Police said a third assault victim was pulled into an alley earlier this month . Despite being choked , punched and hit on the head with a brick , the 33-year-old woman escaped , and her assailant fled the scene , according to a police report .	Post on a Facebook page falsely accused a Philadelphia man of serial killings Six women have been attacked , three of them fatally , in the city 's Kensington area Authorities are warning female residents not to walk alone Because of DNA linking all three killings , police have said they are looking for a serial killer
Might there be a spinoff of "  19 Kids and Counting " ? Although their wedding has yet to air on that popular TLC show , Jill Duggar and new husband Derick Dillard have revealed to People magazine that they are expecting . The baby is a first for the pair , who married June 21 in Springdale , Arkansas . "  We are so excited , " said Jill Duggar , who now goes by Jill Dillard . The 23-year-old and her 25-year-old husband met when her father introduced the pair . Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar have 19 children . The Duggars ' religious beliefs dictate chaperoned courtship and waiting till marriage for the first kiss . The pair texted and Skyped under parental supervision during their courtship while Dillard served as a missionary in Nepal . They announced their engagement in April , and fans will get to see their wedding on the show when the new season starts on September 2 . Dillard said he and his bride were surprised when a home pregnancy test confirmed their good news . "  It was surreal , " he said . "  We were shocked . Both of us are so excited . " Although Jill is the Duggars ' first daughter to marry , this baby wo n't be the first grandchild for the Duggars . Son Josh and daughter-in-law Anna are already the parents of three . In August , they announced that daughter Jessa was engaged to Ben Seewald . Gallery : Young celebrity grandparents Jill Dillard 's baby is due in March .	The couple married in June Their wedding will be featured on the show Dillard says news of pregnancy was "  surreal "
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on Tuesday blamed supporters of the Dalai Lama for recent violence in Tibet , and said Chinese forces exercised restraint in confronting unrest there . "  There is ample fact and we also have plenty of evidence proving that this incident was organized , premeditated , masterminded and incited by the Dalai clique , " Wen said in a televised news conference . The Chinese premier also dismissed the Dalai Lama 's claim that China is causing "  cultural genocide " of his people in Tibet as lies . The United States has urged Chinese restraint after days of violent protests in Tibet , even as a deadline passed for anti-Chinese protesters to surrender . Death tolls from the violence vary . Exiled Tibetan independence campaigners say at least 80 people died while Chinese authorities put the figure lower . "  There are 13 common people who died in the beating , burning and smashing in the riots , " said Champa Phuntsok , the head of Tibet 's regional government . "  They died of fire , asphyxiation and beating . Some of them were set on fire by rioters and died in the burning . " U.S. State Department deputy spokesman Tom Casey said the United States is very concerned about the Chinese crackdown on Tibetan protesters . "  We continue to urge restraint on the part of the Chinese government in terms of how it responds to these protesters . " U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , according to wire service reports from Moscow , said : "  We have really urged the Chinese over several years to find a way to talk with the Dalai Lama , who is a figure of authority , who is not a separatist , and to find a way to engage him and bring his moral weight to a more sustainable and better solution of the Tibet issue . " In a news conference in Beijing on Monday , Champa Phuntsok blamed the violence on "  a small group of separatists and criminals " who take their lead from exiled followers of Tibet 's spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama . On Sunday , the exiled Dalai Lama condemned China 's action in his homeland , accusing Beijing of "  cultural genocide . " Shops , schools and businesses were open Monday in Tibet 's capital , Lhasa , but tensions remained high throughout the territory and three neighboring provinces after days of deadly clashes . Xinhua reported Monday that 160 locations in Lhasa were burned by rioters , including "  banks , a press establishment , shops , schools and hospitals . " Watch Chinese police on the streets " The state-run news agency quoted police in Tibet giving protesters a deadline of midnight Monday "  to stop their criminal activities and offering leniency to those who surrender themselves . "  Those who surrender and provide information on other lawbreakers will be exempt from punishment , " Xinhua quoted a police notice as saying . James Miles , a reporter for The Economist who arrived in Lhasa just before the violence began last week and has been allowed to stay , told CNN Monday that Lhasa was now quiet but damage was evident throughout the city . The number of people killed Friday -- and which side they were on -- remained in dispute , but Miles said it appeared the dead included Tibetans as well as Han Chinese who operated businesses there . Chinese security forces maintained a strong presence , checking identification papers of people on the streets , Miles said . Phuntsok said the protesters wanted to destabilize Tibet "  at the critical and sensitive time that we are preparing for the Olympics . " "  There are 13 common people who died in the beating , burning and smashing in the riots , " said Phuntsok . "  They died of fire , asphyxiation and beating . Some of them were set on fire by rioters and died in the burning . " He said Chinese police did not fire their guns or use anti-personnel weapons against the Tibetans despite 61 police officers being injured , six seriously . Watch riot police search homes " Tibetan exiles described a much more violent response by police . A Xinhua story published Monday said the protesters had "  indisputable links to peace-preaching Dalai Lama . " Tibet is officially an autonomous region of China , but the Dalai Lama said that Tibetans are treated by the Chinese as second-class citizens in their own land . He said they need full autonomy to protect their cultural heritage . Since Tibet fell under Communist Chinese control in the 1950s , Han Chinese have moved into the province to participate in the government and operate businesses . Miles reported seeing incidents Friday of Tibetan crowds attacking Han Chinese residents with stones . He said many of the businesses burned by protesters belonged to Han Chinese . Violent protests were reported at or near Tibetan monasteries outside of Lhasa and in three other nearby Chinese provinces on Friday and in the days since . Watch the generational divide among independence activists " Tibetan monks at the Labrang Monastery in Xiahe , Gansu province -- 750 miles from Lhasa -- apparently staged a protest Friday and Saturday that Chinese security forces acted quickly to stop . Spence Palermo , a American who was filming a documentary at the monastery , said Chinese officials banned his crew from returning to the monastery Friday . They were suddenly rushed from their hotel Saturday as a "  seemingly endless convoy " of Chinese troops headed toward the monastery , he said . Newsweek magazine reported Monday that as many as 4,000 monks and lay persons clashed with police near the monastery Friday and Saturday . Tibet Watch , a group based in Dharamsala , India , told CNN that 34 people have died in the Nwaga County area of Sichuan province in western China . The dead include women and children , the group said in an e-mail , adding they were killed by Chinese police attempting to stop the protests . Eight bodies -- including the bodies of two monks -- were brought to the Nagaba Kirti monastery , the Tibetan Center for Human Rights and Democracy in Dharamsala told CNN . Tibet Watch said another protest took place in Machu County in northwestern China Sunday . It was started by some Tibetan students distributing fliers . They were later joined by monks and laypeople . During the demonstration , several shops and a security headquarters were burned , the group said . An estimated 2,000 Tibetans were using firecrackers in the streets , the group said . Chinese authorities have denied CNN permission to enter Tibet to report on the current situation . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Chinese Premier says China 's response to the protests was restrained NEW : Premier called Dalai Lama 's claim of "  cultural genocide " of his people lies Streets of Lhasa quiet but heavy security , witnesses say U.S. urges Chinese restraint ; talks with Dalai Lama
Baghdad  CNN  -- Every day that Abu Yaqoub opens his Baghdad liquor store , he believes it may be his last . It 's a fear that began months ago for 45-year-old Yaqoub , when insurgents began bombing primarily minority-owned liquor stores in the Iraqi capital after officials rescinded a law banning the sale of alcohol . But in recent weeks as the attacks have mounted in both scope and ferocity , so , too , has Yaqoub 's fear . It 's not clear who is attacking the stores , though the reasons invoked by stores owners , authorities and lawmakers are as varied as the problems facing Iraq : from political to social , from religious to secular . "  It 's the most dangerous job to have a liquor store in Baghdad because there are many groups against this kind of business , either within the government or outside it , " said Yaqoub , a Yazidi minority that has been a target of insurgents in recent years . Ashur Essa knows Yaqoub 's fear . He , too , owns a liquor store in central Baghdad that sits a short distance from a police checkpoint . "  It 's painful to see this happening to our country , " said 46-year-old Essa , a Christian . "  All Iraqis used to live together , and it did n't matter who was Sunni or who was Shiite , who was Muslim or who was Christian . " Essa believes the attacks are not really about liquor stores so much as it is about a struggle to balance a fledgling democracy with a conservative religious tradition . "  It 's about the new democracy that Americans promised us , " he said . Under Islamic tradition , Muslims do not drink alcohol . But in many parts of Baghdad , it is not uncommon to see people drinking alcohol at outdoor cafes and restaurants . Within months of the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein , liquor stores in Baghdad and elsewhere were bombed and shot up . Store owners blamed the attacks on al Qaeda or Shiite militias , such as radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr 's Mahdi army . Despite the attacks , the number of liquor stores and nightclubs in Baghdad flourished . But elsewhere , outright bans or laws aimed at curbing the availability of alcohol were put in place or enforced in primarily conservative Shiite communities . Last year , with a Shiite-majority government , local officials in Baghdad reintroduced a Saddam Hussein-era law that banned Muslims from selling alcohol and required anyone selling alcohol to have a liquor license -- essentially banning the sale of alcohol . At the time , officials said the crackdown was aimed at regulating alcohol sales , much like other countries . But in January the head of the Baghdad Provincial Council , Kamil al-Zaidi told The New York Times , "  We are a Muslim country , and everyone must respect that . " During the same period , al-Sadr -- an ally of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Shiite-dominated government -- railed against liquor stores and nightclubs , going so far as to issue a fatwa , a religious opinion , asking his followers to support the ban and stand against those who want to be "  immoral like the West . " But when tens of thousands of demonstrators , inspired by popular uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia , took to the streets across Iraq to protest corruption and lack of personal freedoms , Baghdad officials rolled back the law . Within weeks , attacks began against liquor stores . Since March , at least 25 stores in Baghdad have been bombed , an interior ministry official told CNN . The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to the media . Most of the liquor stores targeted were owned by Christians or Yazidis , the official said . Religious minorities , such as Christians and Yazidis , make up less than five percent of Iraq 's population , according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . Since 2003 , attacks against these minorities by insurgents and religious extremists have driven more than half of these minorities out of the country , according to UNHCR statistics . Yazidis , among Iraq 's smallest minorities , are of Kurdish descent , and their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity , Judaism and Zoroastrism . On a recent day , a liquor store owner swept up debris left after a roadside bomb planted outside his store exploded . The owner , who would only identify himself as Khalil , said he was hopeful when Iraq 's Ministry of Tourism granted him a license that allowed him to reopen his store after the law was rescinded . But two weeks later , his store was bombed during the daily overnight curfew in Baghdad . It 's a time , Khalil says , when only Iraqi security forces are supposed to be on the streets . "  If the Iraqi army and police can not stop such simple attacks , then what is the point of a curfew ? " said Khalil , a Yazidi . Khalil , 28 , said he was considering closing his store and leaving Baghdad for the Kurdish north , an area he considered safer than the Iraqi capital . "  I 'm telling you , there is no safe place in Baghdad , " he said , "  and I 'm thinking I will have to leave . " He stopped sweeping and stared silently at the cars driving past his damaged store . Then he shuffled back inside to continue cleaning . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq reported from Baghdad ; Chelsea J. Carter from Atlanta	Iraqi officials says 25 liquor stores have been bombed Most of the stores are owned by Iraqi minorities , officials say It 's not clear who is responsible for the attacks Store owner : "  It 's not about liquor stores . It 's about the new democracy "
CNN  -- Nearly five months after signing off from MSNBC , left-wing news personality Keith Olbermann returned to the airwaves Monday with the relaunch of his signature "  Countdown " show on Current TV . While known for generally opposing Republicans and supporting Democrats , Olbermann signaled that both parties would be targets in his "  Special Comment , " a segment that was also part of his previous show . "  The nation is losing its independence through the malfeasance of one party and the timidity of the other , " he said , according to the show 's blog . Still , the early take from the inaugural show suggested it would lean left , as evidenced by one segment labeled "  Inside the Republican Cult . " Guests included liberal documentary filmmaker Michael Moore , Daily Kos blogger Markos Moulitsas and John Dean , a former White House counsel to President Richard Nixon and now a conservative critic . Olbermann said he will be a frequent contributor to the show . Olbermann abruptly left MSNBC in late January after eight years at the news network . In his time there , the former sports news anchor became a favorite of progressives for challenging rivals at Fox News and elsewhere , though he also faced criticism and publicly aired his frustrations with NBC 's management . He signed a deal weeks later with Current Media , a company founded in 2005 by former Vice President Al Gore and Joel Hyatt . Besides hosting and producing his new prime time nightly news and commentary show , Olbermann is also Current Media 's chief news officer and has an equity stake in the company . The 52-year-old had been suspended from MSNBC for two days in November 2010 after the news website Politico revealed he had made donations to three Democrats . That includes $ 2,400 -- the maximum amount that can be given by an individual -- given to the campaign of U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , an Arizona Democrat who was seriously wounded in a mass shooting in Tucson . He also donated to the campaigns of Senate candidate Jack Conway of Kentucky and U.S. Rep. Raul Grijalva of Arizona . Conway lost his bid , while Grijalva and Giffords won . Olbermann 's alliance with Current TV is another major transition for a man who , before his time with MSNBC , spent 13 years with the sports network ESPN . Current TV can be seen in more than 75 million households worldwide .	Olbermann 's first show since leaving MSNBC airs on Monday night His guests include filmmaker Michael Moore and ex-Nixon aide John Dean Olbermann left MSNBC in January , months after being suspended by the network Current TV , co-founded by Al Gore , can be seen in 75 million households
CNN  -- Imagine a tiny boat afloat on a thrashing sea , water pouring through a gaping hole in the hull . A sailor is frantically bailing dark , angry water , but no matter how much he scoops , the water line never seems to recede -- more waves just pummel him in the face like a particularly insecure middle-school bully . That , my friends , is our metaphor for the average worker 's e-mail inbox . Yeah , we know , there are tons of new communication technologies out there , but e-mail still reigns supreme in the worker realm : A recent study even shows that e-mail eats up the most mobile time among Americans . Which is why we think it 's high time to outline some of the most annoying practices when it comes to business e-mails -- practices that might make your compatriots drown themselves in frustration . Read on to avoid making these 10 mistakes : 1  "  YELLING " Ever get an e-mail like this ? Subject line : MY CLIENT URGENTLY NEEDS TO SPEAK WITH YOU ! Hot tip : When you type in all caps , you 're basically likening yourself to those crazy dudes who yell about the End Times on the subway  who are perhaps a bit subdued at present  . Yeah , no one wants to talk to you . 2  Going all kindergarten with your fonts Remember when LeBron James spurned the Cleveland Cavaliers and joined forces with the Miami Heat , prompting Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert to pen a long letter on the team website tearing into James ? Remember what font Gilbert used ? That 's right , Comic Sans -- aka "  The Great Underminer . " Stick to Helvetica , folks , and people will remember your sentiment instead of your poor choice of typeface .  To say nothing of pink fonts and Word Art-like signatures splashed across floral graphics . 3  Misnomers Unless you are supremely stupid , senile or illiterate , there is no real excuse for getting a business contact 's name wrong , because it 's right there in his/her e-mail address . Consider this cautionary tale . If you 're prone to typos , well , then , that 's what copy-paste is for . 4  Emoticons As we have stated in the past -- back when we called for a brief break from the smiley -- emoticons have reached "  STD-like proportions since their inception , spreading from one person to another like particularly expressive herpes . " OK , we can see the necessity of using a placating "  smiley " in an e-mail to a contact who might need a spoonful of sugar to make the "  your idea sucks " medicine go down . But nix emoticons from any initial e-mails with new contacts . 5  Overly informal greetings "  Helloz Sar-Sar ! Imma tell you about a super rad product that , let 's face it , all of us gurlz should totally peep if you have a burnin ' hot love life but want to avoid burnin ' hot other things  you know what I 'm talkin ' about !  . " No one has a strong enough stomach to deal with epistles of this sort on a daily basis . Save the LOLCat speech for when you 're old and gray and shooting off adorable , kitten-packed e-mails to your grumbling grandkids . They ca n't fire you for being obnoxious . 6  Rambling Allow me to narrate the internal dialogue of the average desk-bound minion : "  Spreadsheets sure have a lot of lines ... I 'm hungry ... I hope no one notices this hickey that Joe from accounting gave me after Happy Hour last night ... . I 'm hungry ... Look ! There 's a blue bird outside and it cocked its head at me ! " Get to the point . You have approximately three sentences to cut through said desk worker 's mental clutter before she -- Oh , someone sent me a video of a dog hugging a turtle ! 7  Unclear subject lines Do you have important news ? Then , by all means , say so in your subject line . Hiding a vital correspondence behind a "  Subject Line : Hey " is not doing anyone any favors -- except for your competition . 8  Sending too many e-mails in a row You probably spend , oh , 20 hours per day glued to some form of computer-esque device  soon the machines will destroy us all  , which means that when you do n't receive an immediate response to your e-mail , it 's possible to , well overreact -- much like a clingy lover waiting for an answer on that "  Dinner tonight , then a different kind of spooning ? " text . Do n't be a desperate loser . Wait at least 24 hours before sending a follow-up e-mail , unless it 's an emergency , in which case there 's this handy thing called the phone or , you know , the five-second walk over to your co-worker 's desk . Yeah , we know , real life communications are hard . 9  Clip art I imagine most of you are intelligent enough to figure out why this is not OK . 10  Not using the right method of contact Never message a business contact on Facebook . Seriously . Why ? Because Facebook is where you go to look at pictures of people from high school when you 're drunk -- there 's even a plug-in to prevent you from ruining your social media life whilst whiskey-soaked . Sending a business-oriented message via Facebook is like wandering into a debauched party and expecting everyone to listen to you when you start talking about sales figures . If you 're having issues finding someone 's professional contact info , sure , send him/her a message on Facebook or Twitter asking them for that info , but do n't carry on a whole convo right then and there . Unless you 're looking for dirt on said contact , in which case be sure to send the ol' message at around 4 a.m. , when his defenses are down .	Stick to Helvetica and people will remember your sentiment instead of your typeface Do n't ramble -- you have about three sentences to get a co-worker 's attention Do you have important news ? Then say so in your subject line Do n't conduct business over Facebook , which is for play time
CNN  -- A 12-year-old Arkansas girl who was infected with a rare brain-eating parasite will finally go home Wednesday , according to Arkansas Children 's Hospital spokesman Tom Bonner . Soon after entering the hospital earlier this summer , Kali Hardig went into critical condition ; she was unresponsive and unable to breathe without the assistance of a breathing tube . Now she 's eating , drinking , smiling and talking . She has even been walking with assistance and swimming in the hospital 's therapeutic pool . A new photo released this week shows the dramatic improvement she has made . In the photo , Kali is sitting up in her hospital bed , smiling . Kali 's doctors have been in virtually uncharted territory as they treat her for the rare amoeba , called Naegleria fowleri . Of 128 known cases in the past half-century , just two patients have survived , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Kali is one of two 12-year-olds who recently contracted the amoeba . Zachary Reyna of Florida died last month of the parasite , even after receiving the same experimental drug that was given to Kali . He contracted the amoeba after kneeboarding in a water-filled ditch by his house August 3 , his family told CNN affiliate WBBH . Naegleria fowleri is found in hot springs and warm fresh water , most often in the southeastern United States . Between 2001 and 2010 , there were 32 reported cases in the United States , the CDC says . Most of the cases were in the Southeast . The amoeba enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain . You can not be infected with the organism by drinking contaminated water , the CDC says . "  This infection is one of the most severe infections that we know of , " Dr. Dirk Haselow of the Arkansas Department of Health told CNN affiliate WMC about Kali 's case . "  Ninety-nine percent of people who get it die . " Why ` nightmare bacteria ' on the rise Dr. Sanjiv Pasala , one of Kali 's attending physicians , said they immediately started treating her with an anti-fungal medicine , antibiotics and a new experimental anti-amoeba drug doctors got directly from the CDC . They also reduced the girl 's body temperature to 93 degrees . Doctors have used that technique in some brain injury cases to preserve undamaged brain tissue . Two weeks ago , doctors checked the girl 's cerebral spinal fluid and could not find any presence of the amoeba . Pasala said that while other cases have not met with such favorable results , what may have made a real difference is that Kali 's mother got her to the hospital so quickly . Willow Springs Water Park in Little Rock is the most likely source of Kali 's infection , according to a news release from the Arkansas Department of Health . Another case of the same infection , also called primary amoebic meningoencephalitis , was reported in 2010 and was possibly linked to Willow Springs . "  Based on the occurrence of two cases of this rare infection in association with the same body of water and the unique features of the park , the ADH has asked the owner of Willow Springs to voluntarily close the water park to ensure the health and safety of the public , " the news release said . What 's in your pool water ? The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection , including headache , fever , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck , according to the CDC . "  Later symptoms include confusion , lack of attention to people and surroundings , loss of balance , seizures and hallucinations , " the government agency 's website states . "  After the start of symptoms , the disease progresses rapidly and usually causes death within one to 12 days . " CNN 's William Hudson , Jacque Wilson , Jen Christiansen , John Bonifield , Caleb Hellerman , Jennifer Bixler and Leslie Holland contributed to this story .	Kali Hardig , 12 , is finally leaving Arkansas Children 's Hospital Kali is walking with assistance during therapy sessions , hospital says Amoeba causes brain infection , nearly always fatal , according to the CDC Parasite generally found in people who swim in warm fresh water
CNN  -- When online media first arose , one of the common complaints about it was that it was n't very portable . Unlike books or magazines , you could n't easily read your desktop or laptop on the bus or in the bathroom . But mobile digital media hold the promise of a return to convenient portable reading . And new statistics from the popular online reading list service ReadItLater indicate that mobile devices are not only changing where people are reading but when . ReadItLater is a free service that allows internet users to save the full text of articles and other content they encounter online on a personal reading list . It then displays this content in a format that 's very friendly to mobile devices . I use ReadItLater  and one of its competitors , Instapaper  to save longer-format content  like 5,000-word Harper 's articles  for later digital reading in a way that I find easier on the eyes than extended reading sessions on a Web browser . Almost always , this means reading articles on my Android phone -- usually when I 'm on public transit or waiting in line somewhere but often also when I 'm lying in bed . According to a recent ReadItLater blog post , users of this service save articles to their lists at a fairly constant pace throughout the day , but they read this content mostly in the evening , from 6 to 9 p.m. . But when ReadItLater took a close look at statistics for its iPhone and iPad users , a different trend emerged . For iPhone users , there tended to be four peak reading times : • 6 a.m. : Early morning , breakfast • 9 a.m. : Morning commute , start of the workday • 5-6 p.m. : End of the workday , commute home • 8-10 p.m. : Couch time , prime time , bedtime "  In reality , this really is a graph of whitespace time , " says the post . "  Whitespace is the time between A and B. It 's the time on the subway or bus . It 's the time standing in line . It 's a spare moment . " For iPad users , ReadItLater noticed one especially huge peak reading time : 8 to 10 p.m. "  This time slot is the same one coveted by television . When the majority of people are consuming content it seems perfectly natural that people would use this time to do their reading as well . " ReadItLater also found that "  iPad owners are no longer doing the majority of their reading on their computers . " This makes sense to me , since iPads are primarily media consumption devices while computers and smartphones are better suited for communication and content creation . ReadItLater did not offer statistics for Android devices , but this service does not offer its own Android app . The NewsRoom Android app by Trileet Inc. is supported by the ReadItLater API and is one option for Android users . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran . Thanks to Sonya Quick of the Orange County Register for bringing the ReadItLater post to my attention .	Mobile digital media hold the promise of a return to convenient portable reading ReadItLater is a free service that saves online articles into a personal mobile reading list Surveys show people read content on phones during down times , such as waiting in line
CNN  -- An estranged son of anti-gay Kansas pastor Fred Phelps said Wednesday that the spiritual leader of Westboro Baptist Church hit his wife and beat his children with a mattock handle until they bled . "  I think what he does out there is evil , " said Nathan "  Nate " Phelps , during an appearance on HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell . " Nate Phelps is the seventh of the Westboro Baptist minister 's 13 children . The younger Phelps severed ties with his family on his 18th birthday and said he has n't had contact with his father in three decades . Nate Phelps is currently writing a book about his family . The U.S. Supreme Court ruled earlier this month that Westboro 's practice of picketing the funerals of fallen soldiers with offensive placards is constitutionally protected free speech . The picketing , which includes chants and placards stating "  God Hates Fags " and "  Thank God for Dead Soldiers , " have enraged supporters of the U.S. military and the families and friends of slain soldiers . Nate Phelps called his pastor father "  one of the best reasons that America has been forced to get off the fence and address this issue  of gay rights  . " "  But at the same time you ca n't ignore the fact that he 's done a lot of damage , " Phelps said . "  He 's hurt a lot of families , not only in the gay community , but the families of these soldiers . " The younger Phelps said his father also hurt his own family . "  He used his fists . He used his knees and he used ... the handle of a mattock , " said Phelps , referring to a pick-like digging tool . "  He used that in such a way that it split the skin on the back of the kid 's legs so they bled . " "  If they want to call that discipline , that 's fine . But I call it abuse , " Phelps said . The son said Fred Phelps also hit his mother , but not with the handle of the mattock . Phelps has also said his father abused prescription drugs when he was in law school . He did n't back down from the claim during the HLN interview . Velez-Mitchell read a statement from Nate Phelps ' sister , Shirley Phelps-Roper , denying the claim . "  Yikes . Hell no . His  Nate Phelps '  imagination goes on and on , " Roper wrote . "  This lie should not have come out of his mouth when he decided to reject the word of God . Nothing he can say will change the fact that God hates  homosexuals  and their enablers and therefore God hates America and America is doomed . " Nate Phelps responded that his sister "  just cynically lies about what happened . " Likewise , Phelps said his father manipulates facts and circumstances to reach false conclusions . "  My father can make any connection to anything that anyone has done or has n't done in their life and point to that to say that that 's evidence they 're damned and going to hell , " Phelps said . "  He 's convinced that homosexuality is the ultimate sin against God . "  So since the United States is taking steps to move in the direction of equality for gays in America , he says that has doomed America , " Phelps said . "  So anyone who is connected to America , so anyone who is supporting America in any sense is subject to the wrath of God . " When asked what he would say to his father if he could , Nate Phelps replied , "  I 've never had a relationship with my father . I would n't know what to say to him . " There was no immediate public response from Fred Phelps to his son 's televised remarks .	Nate Phelps says the actions of his father , the anti-gay Kansas pastor , are "  evil " Fred Phelps heads Westboro Baptist Church , the congregation that pickets military funerals Nate Phelps says his father beat him and his siblings with the handle of a digging tool
CNN  -- On Monday , I wrote a story arguing that smartphones have the potential to make us "  superhuman . " Commenters on the article sure did n't like that phrasing . "  Smartphones also make us SuperStupid , " wrote one commenter , WWWYKI . "  Just watch somebody with kids in the backseat as they text ` lol wut ' and run red lights . " Fair point . For all of the benefits of an always-connected society -- one where phones help people in rural areas get information they never had access to , or bring medical professionals , at least virtually , into difficult-to-reach locations -- there are plenty of drawbacks , too . As the commenters pointed out , these include physical dangers . "  The next time a teenager almost kills you while they are texting little love letters while driving you better hope you are superhuman ! " wrote open400 . In 2010 in the United States , more than 3,000 people died in crashes that involved distracted driving , which includes sending texts and using the phone , according to the U.S. Department of Transportation . And more than one in 10 fatal crashes involving people younger than 20 were reported to be related to distracted driving . So , clearly , there is room for concern on this front . Other commenters brought up the potential impact of smartphones on our brains . A 2011 World Health Organization report found that radiation from mobile phones that are held up to a person 's ear can possibly increase the risk of cancer . The group placed these risks in the same category as those from lead , engine exhaust and chloroform . One possible solution : Some cell phone users increasingly use their phones as everything but . "  There are so many ways of keeping in constant touch with people that voice calls are almost too invasive now , " one woman told CNN last year . Then there were complaints about what phones are doing to society . This was a big part of the online conversation . "  Smartphones have created a generation of narcissistic snobs who think they know everything , " wrote Chemtrailed . "  Instead it 's created a bunch of Google heads who would n't know how to blow their nose without ` Googling ' how . " Here 's another , from jimmy619 : "  Superhuman ? Really ? I look around and see people getting fatter , dumber , poorer  not to mention ruder  in spite of all their gadgets . Not my idea of superhuman . " And one more , from Robert Thompson : "  One of the most disturbing things about cellphones , is that now people ca n't even sit at a stoplight without hitting the feeder bar that is their phone . In social situations , instead of striking up a conversation with a stranger , people now just delve into their phones . You can not tell me that is a good thing . " The persistent pull of smarpthone technology is a common complaint . Some tech writers have addressed this by saying that smartphones , like all pieces of technology , are tools . They have to be controlled by the people who use them . But having all-the-time access to the Internet on a mobile phone can be a bit overwhelming for some people . I 'll give the last word to perhaps the funniest comment of the bunch . "  The author makes a very good point , " the commenter wrote  my inner monologue : "  Wow , one person likes me ! "  . "  Before I owned an iPhone , I was n't able to destroy a single structure built by evil pigs using only a slingshot and a few live birds . "  Me : "  Oh . "	Readers react to a CNN story on the powers of smarpthones Instead of "  superhuman , " one reader says phones make us "  SuperStupid " Commenters raise issues of safety , health and social impact "  Smartphones have created a generation of narcissistic snobs "
CNN  -- Roger Federer overcame a scare against Swiss friend Stanislas Wawrinka before finally securing a victory which ensures he will spend a record-breaking 300th week as world number one . The 31-year-old recaptured top spot after a 17th grand slam success at Wimbledon in July and by reaching the last eight of the Shanghai Masters , he has reached another landmark in his illustrious career . Should he win in China , Federer will claim a record 22nd Masters 1000 crown and equal John McEnroe 's haul of 77 tour-level titles . But the Swiss was pushed all the way by his David Cup teammate as the world no. 17 took the opening set 6-4 -- only the fourth set Wawrinka has won against Federer in 13 meetings . In a tight second , Wawrinka saved a set point at 5-6 before pushing it into a tie-break . The score was locked at 3-3 but Federer found another gear to take him level . He dropped just five points in the third set , taking it 6-0 to ensure this coming Monday will be the 300th time he has perched atop the world rankings . "  I consider myself a little lucky . I never stopped believing , pushed till the end , then got off to a good start in the third set . Basically that was it , " Federer said in quotes carried by AFP . "  It was a tough match . He was the better player for basically two sets . It 's great finding a way out that way , that 's for sure . " "  So here I am at 300 weeks . It 's pretty incredible . Probably one of my biggest accomplishments . I 'm very proud of that record , no doubt about it . It 's a great reward for me . " He will now play Marin Cilic in the last eight after the Croatian beat Spain 's Fernando Verdasco 4-6 6-1 6-4 . Federer 's charge to wrestle the Shanghai crown from Andy Murray looks set to be a lot tougher , as the U.S. open champion dismissed the challenge of Ukraine 's Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-2 6-2 . Murray , who also won the event in 2010 , told reporters : "  I think I did a decent job . "  It 's very , very different conditions to last week . I think you can see by some of the results here , the guys that have come from Beijing have adapted to the conditions much , much quicker . " Murray will play Radek Stepanek after the Czech beat American John Isner 6-4 6-7 6-3 in a showdown of the big servers . World No. 2 Novak Djokovic is gunning for Federer 's mantle as the top ranked player and he says improvements to his serve have helped his game . The Serbian defeated Spain 's Fernando Lopez 6-3 6-3 and will now face Germany 's Tommy Haas in the quarters after he beat Djokovic 's compatriot Janko Tipsarevic 6-2 6-1 . "  I 'm trying to enjoy the efficiency of my serve , " Djokovic told the ATP tour website . "  I 'm not very well known around the tour for big serving . "  But so far in this tournament , and also in Beijing , it has been working very well for me . It has been giving me a lot of free points , a lot of confidence into the matches . " France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga will meet Tomas Berdych , from the Czech Republic , in the last eight after he beat Marcos Baghdatis 6-2 7-6 . Berdych defeated American Sam Querrey 6-2 6-7 6-4 .	Roger Federer survives a scare to secure victory over Stanislas Wawrinka Win secures veteran Swiss a record breaking 300th week as world number one Federer wins 4-6 7-6 6-0 to move into last eight of Shanghai Masters event Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray also reach the quarterfinals in China
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Western nations and organizations Tuesday condemned Russian President Dmitry Medvedev for recognizing the independence of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , two breakaway regions in Georgia . A Tskhinvali resident celebrates Russia 's recognition of South Ossetia 's independence . "  This is not an easy choice to make , but it represents the only possibility to save human lives , " Medvedev said Tuesday in a televised address . He called on other countries to follow Russia 's lead , which comes in the wake of the Russian-Georgian conflict which erupted earlier this month . U.S. President George W. Bush led the condemnation with a strongly worded statement said : "  The United States condemns the decision by the Russian president to recognize as independent states the Georgian regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia . " . Bush said Russia 's move was "  inconsistent " with the French-brokered cease-fire agreement that ended the fighting and called on Russia to "  reconsider this irresponsible decision . " Bush added : "  The territorial integrity and borders of Georgia must be respected , just as those of Russia or any other country . Russia 's action only exacerbates tensions and complicates diplomatic negotiations . " British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said the decision was "  unjustifiable and unacceptable . " "  It will also not work . It is contrary to the principles of the peace agreement , which Russia recently agreed ... -LSB- it -RSB- further inflames an already tense situation in the region , " Miliband said . NATO Secretary-General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer said the decision was in "  direct violation of numerous U.N. Security Council resolutions regarding Georgia 's territorial integrity . " The European Union also urged a political solutions to the tensions in Georgia . Speaking to CNN 's Matthew Chance , Medvedev said the move was in line with international law . "  It is internationally recognized that if a people based on all these -LSB- U.N. -RSB- provisions express their will to have an independent existence ... any other state in the world has the right to recognize this independence whether you like it or not , " the Russian president said . Watch Medvedev defend recognizing the breakaway regions " The stand-off has exacerbated already frayed relations between Russia and the West . Moscow has been infuriated by U.S. plans to build a missile defense shield in eastern Europe . It said an agreement signed last week to base missiles in Poland would open that country up to an attack in the event of conflict . Medvedev said : "  The most important thing for us is that our American colleagues be pragmatic , that they defend the genuine interests of the American people , as opposed to defending made-up ideological schemes . "  If everything will be fine in that regard , I am convinced that we 'll be able to agree on a very broad range of issues . We do n't want any complications , we do n't need another Cold War or its modern-day remake . " He signed the order a day after it was overwhelmingly approved by both houses of Russia 's parliament . Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili said it was "  clear around the world that Russia is acting as an aggressor state . " Watch Saakashvili 's reaction " "  My appeal to the free world is to condemn and reject Russia 's dangerous and irrational decision -- not only for Georgia 's sake -- but for the sake of preserving the fundamental basis of international law and order . "  In the days and weeks ahead we will work with the international community to prevent this decision from having any effect on the sovereignty of my country and from further undermining the international order . " Western nations have expressed support for Georgia , which aspires to NATO and European Union membership , with the U.S. dispatching a major humanitarian aid mission . South Ossetia and Abkhazia broke away from Georgia during civil wars in the 1990s . Russia strengthened ties with them after the U.S. and much of Europe recognized the independence of the Serbian province of Kosovo earlier this year , a move that Moscow had warned against . Georgian troops attacked pro-Russian separatists in South Ossetia on August 7 , triggering a Russian invasion of Georgia . Russian tanks , troops and armored vehicles poured into South Ossetia and Abkhazia the following day , advancing into Georgian cities . Each side offered conflicting figures on how many people died in the fighting . The Bush administration has insisted that both Abkhazia and South Ossetia remain part of Georgia , a U.S. ally that is seeking NATO membership , and says resolving the disputes between the Georgian government and the regions "  should be a matter of peaceful negotiations and discussions among the parties . "	Russian president signs order recognizing independence of Georgian territories U.S. , UK , NATO and EU condemn Russian move over independence Russia says recognition of independence is in line with international law South Ossetia , Abkhazia center of Georgia conflict with Russia
Cancun , Mexico  CNN  -- Latin American and Caribbean leaders meeting in Mexico approved the creation of a regional organization Tuesday that leaves out the United States and Canada . Approval for the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States came from heads of state attending the final session of a two-day "  Unity Summit " near the Mexican beach resort of Cancun . More than 30 heads of state attended the meeting hosted by Mexican President Felipe Calderon . Creation of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States , which would bring together the region 's 33 countries , was a top item on the agenda . Some leaders see it as an attempt to counterbalance the Organization of American States , in which the United States and Canada are members . The pledges of unity came one day after Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez and Colombian President Alvaro Uribe got into a shouting match at a private luncheon for the heads of state . Tensions cooled Tuesday , with both nations saying they are willing to work within the framework of the new agreement to improve relations . In an exclusive interview with CNN en Español 's Carmen Aristegui , Chavez gave his version of the headline-grabbing incident . "  What I did was respond .  Uribe  could not stand my reasoning and exploded , " Chavez said . "  He said harsh things , I said harsh things , and then Raul Castro came and Calderon came and we sat down and talked , and continued . " Uribe had accused Chavez of enforcing an economic embargo on many Colombian goods , something that Chavez denied . "  I think that if the table had n't been there as an obstacle , and our friends were n't sitting right there , that President Uribe physically would 've attacked me , " Chavez said . "  If this unfortunate incident served as catharsis for Uribe , and he can sleep well tonight because he told me what he wanted to tell me , then may he sleep peacefully . I am willing to speak with him , just like we have talked about a million times . " Published reports Tuesday in major newspapers in Colombia , Argentina , Spain and other nations said Uribe told Chavez to "  be a man , " to which the Venezuelan leader replied "  go to hell , " something that Chavez confirmed to Aristegui . In the interview , Chavez also addressed the creation of the new regional community and speculation that its addition may compete with the OAS . "  I think that it will be in addition to the OAS , and that the OAS will disappear in the future , " Chavez said . The importance of the new organization , he said , is that it allows the region to work together without the overbearing influence of the United States . Referring to the United States , Chavez said , "  The ` gringo ' empire has always wanted us to be at odds , divided , to impede what has started here , which I think is the most important : true integration from Mexico to Argentina . " The two nations have had poor relations for years , but they worsened last year when Uribe signed an agreement with the United States to allow the U.S. military to use some Colombian bases . Tensions have escalated as the countries have accused each other of attempts to destabilize the other . Colombia has said Chavez 's government aids Marxist guerrillas waging war on Colombia , particularly the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known as the FARC . Colombia bombed a FARC stronghold in Ecuador in March 2008 , prompting Chavez to take Ecuador 's side and move tanks to Venezuela 's border with Colombia . Chavez also took economic and trade measures against Colombia that Uribe likened to an embargo at Monday 's heated luncheon . Chavez , in turn , has accused Colombia of sending unmanned planes to spy on Venezuela . Monday 's confrontation was not the first time in recent years that Chavez has had a run-in with a foreign leader . "  Why do n't you shut up ? " Spanish King Juan Carlos asked Chavez during an Ibero-American summit in Chile in November 2007 . Chavez had been criticizing former Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar , calling him a fascist several times . In September 2006 , Chavez referred to then-U.S. President George W. Bush as the devil during a speech before the United Nations General Assembly . "  The devil came here yesterday , " Chavez told U.N. delegates and world leaders . "  It still smells of sulfur today . " CNN Senior Latin American Affairs Editor Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	Leaders of 33 Latin , Caribbean nations form Americas bloc that excludes U.S. , Canada Formation of group seen as attempt to counterbalance Organization of American States Venezuela 's Chavez recounts shouting match with Colombian president Cuban President Raul Castro had to intervene to stop the verbal fight
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Acts signed for October 's tribute concert for Michael Jackson include Christina Aguilera , Leona Lewis , Smokey Robinson , Cee Lo Green and JLS , the promoters told CNN Thursday . Members of the Jackson family taking the stage October 8 in Cardiff , Wales , include several of Michael Jackson 's brothers , "  the next generation of Jacksons , " and 3T , which consists of Tito Jackson 's three sons . Alternative rock band Alien Ant Farm and British R&B singer Craig David are also on the bill , while other artists will be added in the next few days , according to promoter Global Live Events . "  This announcement is just the beginning , we have many more to announce , " Global Live Events executive Paul Ring said . "  This concert will unite various generations and musical genres , reminding everyone of just how amazing a talent Michael was . " With the "  Michael Forever : The Tribute Concert " lineup now known , fans can start "  registering their interest for tickets " online at http://www.michaelforevertribute.com/ beginning Thursday , the promoter said . A lottery will determine which fans will be invited to purchase tickets , it said . The concert in the Wales Millennium Stadium in Cardiff , which seats 75,000 people , would be at least four hours long , Global Live Events CEO Chris Hunt said . Jackson matriarch Katherine Jackson and the promoter are scheduled to discuss the show 's plans in a live broadcast on CNN Monday . The delay produced grumbling and doubts expressed on Jackson fan websites , but promoters hope the revelation of the lineup will satisfy them . "  Fans of Michael 's music will get the concert they 've been waiting for , " Hunt said in a message posted on the promoter 's website last week . Two of the five surviving Jackson brothers , Jermaine and Randy , objected to the timing of the show , issuing a sharply worded statement last month that reflected a deep division within the Jackson family . "  We want to make clear that this does not reflect the position of the entire family , " the two brothers said in a joint statement after their mother and four siblings endorsed the show . "  While we wholeheartedly support the spirit of a tribute that honors our brother , we find it impossible to support an event that is due to take place during the criminal trial surrounding Michael 's death , " Jermaine and Randy Jackson said . The involuntary manslaughter trial of Michael Jackson 's physician , Dr. Conrad Murray , begins in September and is expected to continue into October . While Katherine Jackson has previously said she would attend every day of Murray 's trial -- as she did when her son was tried on a sex charge -- the promoter said the Jackson mother will travel to Wales for the concert . "  In light of this , we feel it is inappropriate to be involved with such an ill-timed event and its promoter , Global Live , " Randy and Jermaine Jackson said . Their statement said the idea of the October concert was presented to the entire family in April "  as an idea already in its advanced stages . " The decision to go ahead with it "  disrespects opinions and wishes expressed in the strongest terms " by some members of the Jackson family , they said . The Michael Jackson Fan Club agreed with the two brothers , issuing a similar statement . "  We share their concerns that this concert is taking place at a most inappropriate time when everyone 's care and attention should be focused on the matter of justice . We believe that , as stated by Jermaine and Randy , the most important tribute we can give to Michael Jackson at this time is to seek justice in his name . " Jackson fans posted messages on the concert 's Facebook page questioning ticket prices and the process for buying them . Fans must register for a chance to buy a ticket . While the website initially said the higher a pledge to a charity they make while registering , the better their chances of getting a good seat . It was later revised to say that donations are not mandatory and all applications will have an equal chance . A portion of the concert proceeds , particularly fan pledges , will go to charities , The Aids Project LA and The Prince 's Trust , the promoters said . A spokesman for Michael Jackson 's estate said last month that the promoters never sought or obtained permission from the estate 's executors to use the late pop singer 's name or image . "  The estate has not been contacted and is not involved with Global Live Events in the UK tribute concert announced today , " spokesman Jim Bates told CNN .	Fans start registering for tickets Thursday "  Michael Forever : The Tribute Concert " is set for October 8 in Cardiff , Wales Fans gumble because of the line-up announcement delay Jackson 's mother , four siblings endorse the show , but two brothers object
ONBOARD AN AIR FORCE C-17 OVER HAITI  CNN  -- Bypassing the gridlock of Haiti 's main airport and congestion of roadways in the earthquake-ravaged country , the U.S. military delivered badly needed food and water on Monday by parachute . A C-17 cargo plane left Pope Air Force Base in North Carolina shortly after noon , and three hours later dropped 40 pallets -- or "  bundles " as the Air Force refers to them as -- holding bottled water and Meals , Ready-to-Eat , or MREs , on a field just north of the Port-au-Prince airport in Haiti . It was the first airdrop of humanitarian supplies by the U.S. military into Haiti since the deadly earthquake there nearly a week ago . "  There are so many relief agencies funneling through the airport that it has kind of created a bottleneck , " U.S. Air Force Lt. Col. Leon Strickland told CNN en route to the drop point . "  We 're going to put things directly out of the air onto the ground and open up another distribution point north of the -LSB- Port-au-Prince -RSB- airfield . " The mission came just three days after Defense Secretary Robert Gates told reporters at the Pentagon that he thought such airdrops would pose serious problems , especially with crowd control . See complete coverage of quake in Haiti "  It seems to me that , without having any structure on the ground in terms of distribution , that an airdrop is simply going to lead to riots as people try and go after that stuff . So without any structure for distribution or to provide security when things become available , then it seems to me that 's a formula for contributing to chaos rather than -- rather than preventing it , " Gates said . Strickland , commander of the airdrop mission , said safety of the Haitians was still a consideration , but the military had taken steps to insure control over the distribution . iReport : People continue looking for loved ones in Haiti "  We are obviously concerned about the welfare of the people on the ground , " he said , adding , "  I 'm confident that our members on the ground have created a secure environment for us to conduct airdrop operations . " This first flight carried a total of 9,600 bottles of water and 42,000 MRE packets . One MRE is usually considered one meal for a U.S. soldier in combat , but there is enough food in an MRE packet to make a small meal for two people . Most of the food in an MRE can be eaten straight from the plastic vacuum-packed pouch . But if water is added to a chemical heater , a hot meal results . Each pallet was rigged with a large parachute as well as special corrugated cardboard padding that would minimize damage to the water and food when the load hit the ground . One of the supervisors on the rigging crew at the Army 's Fort Bragg , which is adjacent to Pope Air Force Base , said they wanted to make sure as much of the aid , especially the water , survived the airdrop , but they predicted as many as 1-in-10 of the bottles would break on impact . The MREs are much less susceptible to damage during airdrops . Get latest developments on situation in Haiti As the C-17 approached Haiti , the pilot dropped to 600 feet above the ground and opened the huge rear ramp . When a computer in the cockpit calculated that the plane was over the drop zone , a signal was given , the pilot pitched the plane upward and the huge straps and gate that held the cargo in place were released . Within seconds , gravity pulled all 40 pallets out of the plane and the parachutes automatically deployed . In less than a minute the food and water was on the ground , ready to be unpacked and distributed . Maj. Jeff "  Ratdog " Daniels , the pilot of the C-17 , said the U.S. military teams waiting for the airdrop on the ground reported all 40 parachutes opened properly and all the bundles landed on target in the planned drop zone . CNN 's Impact Your World While this airdrop is a first for the military effort in Haiti , the Air Force is well-practiced in this type of mission . Almost daily , Air Force cargo planes drop food and water into remote areas of Afghanistan for U.S. troops fighting there . Several of the young military personnel CNN spoke to were pleased to be taking part this part of the huge humanitarian mission . Complete coverage on Haiti Even though she joined the military while the United States was embroiled in two wars , Pvt. Caitlyn Lopez of the 18th Airborne Corps said "  this is what I joined the Army for . " She was among dozens of soldiers at Fort Bragg who hand-packed and rigged the bundles of humanitarian aid that were dropped Monday . The military planned to use Monday 's flight as a test to see if airdrops would be a practical and effective way to continue to deliver aid . The decision on whether to do more airdrops not immediately made , but just after returning to Pope AFB , Strickland said of the mission , "  It was a success . "	40 pallets with bottled water and Meals , Ready-to-Eat , dropped on a field just north airport First airdrop of humanitarian supplies by the U.S. military into Haiti since quake Mission was success says U.S. Air Force Lt. Col. Leon Strickland
CNN  -- Could search crews be just a few hundred feet from solving a mystery that has riveted millions for 76 years ? That 's the question raised by tantalizing evidence published this week by teams trying to find out what happened to famed aviator Amelia Earhart , who vanished along with navigator Fred Noonan during a doomed attempt to fly around the world in 1937 . Yet that evidence has been met with skepticism in some quarters . Debate about the mystery gained new currency this week after researchers publicized images recorded by search teams scanning the ocean floor nearly a year ago near Nikumaroro Island in the South Pacific . The International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery raised the prospect of a big break in the case by publishing an image online . It showed something -- hard for the layman to size up -- on the ocean floor . The group said , "  It 's the right size , it 's the right shape and it 's in the right place . " Could it really be a piece of Earhart 's Lockheed Electra plane ? Louise Foudray , caretaker and historian of the Amelia Earhart Birthplace Museum in Atchison , Kansas , chose her words carefully on Friday afternoon . "  We do n't want to shrug off the hard work anyone is doing . We do like the idea that people are still interested , " she said . "  But we 're skeptical . " Opinion : Will mystery of Earhart be solved ? She said there have been other theories that have emerged . One is that Earhart 's plane was forced down by the Japanese around the Marshall Islands . Another is that Earhart secretly returned to the United States and the government gave her a new identity . There are people out there who buy those theories . But in reality , Foudray said , "  no one has yet to come up with anything conclusive . " It was n't until March that one analyst made a possible connection to Earhart in an online forum for the International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery . The group said experts have offered various interpretations . Some think the sonar image could be a man-made object , and others say it could be a geologic feature . Earhart : The evidence we almost lost "  So did  last summer 's  expedition actually succeed in locating the wreckage of the world 's most famous missing airplane ? Or is this sonar target just a coral rock or ridge ? " the organization says on its website . "  Of course we 're not going to know until we can get back out there , but until then the anomaly is worth close study . " Richard Fredricks , executive director of the American Salvage Association , a trade group , said that "  almost anything is possible " these days with advanced technology . And that includes locating a lost airplane . He cited technology such as side-scan sonar and magnetometers but said finding a lost plane such as the Earhart craft is "  more a function of funding than technology . " Money is needed to invest in expeditions , he said . The International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery on its website is asking for contributions to continue its work . Foudray said she 's heard all of the evidence and nothing solid has risen to the surface . And that includes the latest foray into the South Pacific deep . "  We do n't expect anything , " she said . Photo may be key to finding what happened to aviator	A grainy sonar image has been spotted , an aircraft recovery group says Historian at Amelia Earhart Birthplace Museum skeptical of anything conclusive showing up Technology today is advanced enough to locate a plane , a trade association official says
CNN  -- May the force be with you , even in the airport . We all know that 's not always the case , especially when we 're carrying something that raises concerns from the Transportation Security Administration . The 7-foot-2-inch tall actor Peter Mayhew , best known for playing Chewbacca in the Star Wars movies , ran into a security line delay last week when he was stopped for his lightsaber inspired cane . Mayhew , 69 , was heading home from Denver Comic Con when his movie-inspired cane provoked a second look by TSA agents . Mayhew travels regularly to different conventions , meeting fans and tweeting photos . Next stop is London 's Film and Comic Con in July . Mayhew quickly took to his Twitter account to protest the inspection of his cane , and credits Twitter for its speedy release . He 's seen in a Twitter photo sitting in a wheelchair , which he says he 's also using because of a bum knee . One Chewie tweet : "  Magic words to TSA are not ` please ' or ` thank you ' . . It 's ` Twitter ' . . cane released to go home . " The cane was not detained , says the TSA , which e-mailed CNN.com this statement : "  Because of the unusual weight of the passenger 's cane , a security officer alerted a supervisor . Less than five minutes later , the passenger and cane were cleared to travel . " A check of the TSA 's "  prohibited items " list revealed this information about lightsabers : "  Sadly , the technology does n't currently exist to create a real light saber . However , you can pack a toy light saber in your carry-on or checked bag . May the force be with you . "  The TSA spells it "  light saber . " "  Even if an item is generally permitted , it may be subject to additional screening or not allowed through the checkpoint if it triggers an alarm during the screening process , appears to have been tampered with , or poses other security concerns . The final decision rests with TSA on whether to allow any items on the plane . " "  Star Wars " fans had a field day on Twitter . " @TheWookieeRoars @TSA Just learned Star Wars lesson # 1 : ` Let the Wookie Win , ' " wrote astronomer Ray Sanders . Wrote â $	Chewbacca actor 's lightsaber-themed cane received extra TSA inspection The TSA check took less than five minutes , the agency says The TSA allows toy lightsabers in carry-on and checked baggage , a spokesperson says
CNN  -- Gian Piero Gasperini has paid the price for Inter Milan 's poor start to the season , being sacked as coach following the 2010 European champions ' 3-1 defeat by newly-promoted Novara on Tuesday . The 53-year-old took charge in June , but under his guidance the 18-time Italian Serie A titleholders earned just one point from their opening three league matches to languish in 17th position in the table -- one place outside of the relegation zone . Inter also lost to arch-rivals AC Milan in the Italian Super Cup in August and to Turkish outfit Trabzonspor in their opening European Champions League match . "  F.C. Internazionale announces that this morning 's training session at the Centro Sportivo Angelo Moratti in Appiano Gentile was run by -LSB- assistant coaches -RSB- Daniele Bernazzani and Giuseppe Baresi , " Inter 's website reported on Wednesday . "  The club would like to thank Gian Piero Gasperini for the dedication he has shown in his work and regret having to end the relationship with the coach . " Inter slump to defeat against Novara Inter president Massimo Moratti appeared to confirm that Gasperini faced the ax when questioned about the former Genoa boss on Wednesday before meeting with the coach . Asked if Gasperini would remain with the Nerazzurri , Moratti replied : "  I do n't think so . We 'll decide what to do today but he seems to be in a very difficult situation , whichever way you look at it . " On Tuesday 's defeat , Inter 's second in three league matches , Moratti said : "  When you lose in such a way , there 's nothing you like . " Gasperini replaced Brazilian coach Leonardo at Inter , having been sacked by Genoa in November 2010 . During a four-year spell with Genoa , Gasperini led the club to a fifth-place finish in Serie A in 2009 and qualification for the Europa League . "  Results are what decide everything , I 'm very disappointed , " he told journalists on Wednesday , AFP reported . "  I had a great relationship with the directors and it 's a shame that it 's had to come to an end . Everyone feels regret . " Inter , whose solitary point this season came from a 0-0 draw against Roma , face a trip to Bologna on Saturday before traveling to Russia to take on CSKA Moscow in the Champions League on Tuesday .	Gian Piero Gasperini 's reign at Inter ends after just three months The 53-year-old lost two of his first three Serie A matches in charge of Inter Former Genoa coach also tasted defeat in the Italian Super Cup and Champions League
CNN  -- In October , Taylor Swift 's transition to pop music will be complete . The 24-year-old singer/songwriter has long had one foot in country and the other in pop , sometimes to the chagrin of country fans . But with her fifth studio album , the October 27 release "  1989 , " Swift has eliminated her twang altogether . "  At a certain point , " she told Rolling Stone in its new issue , "  if you chase two rabbits , you lose them both . " Instead , she 's taken inspiration from '80s pop acts like Madonna , Phil Collins and Annie Lennox , and turned to producers and musicians like Max Martin and Fun . 's Jack Antonoff to help her shape what she calls her "  blatant pop " sound . Along with her change in tune has come other shifts in Swift 's life : She 's moved to New York , has focused more on her friendships and has backed off dating  at least for now  . Where past Swift albums could fuel gossip for weeks over which song may be about which ex-boyfriend , "  1989 " has a different vibe . It 's not as "  boy-centric " as past releases , Swift explained -- basically because there have n't been any boys . "  I feel like watching my dating life has become a bit of a national pastime , and I 'm just not comfortable providing that kind of entertainment anymore , " Swift told Rolling Stone . "  I do n't like seeing slide shows of guys I 've apparently dated . I do n't like giving comedians the opportunity to make jokes about me at awards shows . I do n't like it when headlines read ` Careful , Bro , She 'll Write a Song About You , ' because it trivializes my work . And most of all , I do n't like how all these factors add up to build the pressure so high in a new relationship that it gets snuffed out before it even has a chance to start . And so , I just do n't date . " Do n't feel sorry for her , as Swift presumed readers might ; there 's plenty that she "  really like  s  about my life right now . " "  I have friends around me all the time . I 've started painting more , " Swift said . "  I 've been working out a lot . I 've started to really take pride in being strong . " That strength was evident in her push to have "  1989 " made in the way she envisioned . When Swift turned the album in to the head of her record label , she was told that it was "  extraordinary " and the best she 's ever done but also in need of a few country songs . Swift held her ground . "  Love you , " she recalled responding . "  But this is how it 's going to be . "	Taylor Swift 's next album will be "  blatant pop " The singer said she set out in that direction intentionally Along with a change in genre comes a change in songwriting focus
Washington  CNN  Just over a month after the release of American aid worker Alan Gross from a Cuban prison ushered in a new era between Washington and Havana , the relationship is facing a new chill . Speaking at a summit of Latin American and Caribbean leaders Wednesday , Cuban President Raul Castro made some big demands of the United States . Among them , Castro asked for the return of the Guantanamo Naval Base to Cuba , an end to the five decades-old trade embargo , a ceasing of U.S.-run television and radio broadcasts on the island , and compensation for economic damages . "  The economic , commercial and financial blockade that provokes enormous human and economic damage is a violation of international law that ought to be overturned , " Castro said . The White House Thursday dismissed Castro 's demands . When asked whether the U.S. would actually return the Guantanamo base to Cuba , Press Secretary Josh Earnest responded with an abrupt "  No . " "  The naval base is not something that we believe should be closed , " he said , adding that the U.S. would keep the base even after the prison has been emptied . The comments were somewhat of a reality check for an administration attempting to navigate a relationship weighed down by decades of mistrust . It may take more time than originally expected . "  What  Castro 's  comments highlight is that there is a pretty clear difference between reestablishing diplomatic relations and carrying out the longer process of normalizing relations , " Earnest said . But as the Cuba Study Group 's Tomas Bilbao notes , Castro 's audience has to be taken into consideration . "  This is a speech that Raul Castro was giving in front of the CELAC to several of his regional friends , Venezuela , Bolivia , Ecuador , people who may feel challenged by Cuba and the United States reengaging their relationship , " Bilbao said . He added : "  The Cuban government has long benefited from a position of confrontation with the United States , and as President Obama 's policies take away a lot of those excuses , I think we 'll see the Castro government come up and rehash some of these talking points to be able to continue to feed that ever-diminishing credibility of that argument . " So as Castro feeds the beast , do n't expect the United States to give in to Cuba 's demands . "  We should n't be derailed by the fact that we 're dealing with a difficult totalitarian government and if we allow the Cuban government to determine what steps we do or do not take , we 're in essence putting our foreign policy in the hands of a totalitarian state , " Bilbao said .	Cuban President Raul Castro is demanding the U.S. leave Guantanamo Bay White House press secretary rejected such requests
CNN  -- Several thousand of the world 's most powerful people are in St. Petersburg this month for the city 's annual International Economic Forum . The only problem ? While we at CNN Travel would be the last to deny that macroeconomics can be a thrilling subject for discussion , there also happens to be a bulbous onion-shaped dome 's worth of once-in-a-lifetime type touristic distractions in Russia 's spectacular "  Paris of the East . " St. Petersburg showcases a vivid history from czarist Russia , through Communism  it was long called "  Leningrad "  to the present day . Established in 1703 by Czar Peter the Great , Russia 's second-largest city lives up to its reputation as the country 's cultural capital , with astounding palaces , churches and museums . Scroll through the gallery for highlights -- if you can keep your mind off neoclassical theory , that is . Tourist information : www.saint-petersburg.com	International Economic Forum attendees will have plenty of distractions in "  Paris of the East " Massive dome of St. Isaac 's Cathedral is made of 100 kilos of gold Church on Spilled Blood was built on spot where Czar Alexander II was fatally wounded in 1881
CNN  -- The mother and brother of a 31-year-old woman found strangled with her two young sons in the bedrooms of their home filed a wrongful death lawsuit Tuesday against the alleged killer -- the husband and father of the victims . Christopher Coleman has pleaded not guilty and is being held without bond . Christopher Coleman has pleaded not guilty in the triple homicide police say took place early in the morning on May 5 in the family home in the small southwestern Illinois city of Columbia . "  To strip the culpable party of all financial holdings -- all that he has now and all that he may ever have , " is the aim of the suit , said a statement accompanying the suit filed in Monroe County circuit court by Angela DeCicco and Mario Weiss , the mother and brother of Sheri Coleman . "  To allow one penny of ill-gotten gain to be derived at the expense of Sheri , Garett and Gavin is not acceptable to those who dearly love them . " The money would go to a memorial fund set up for Coleman and her sons , Garett , 11 , and Gavin , 9 and "  these funds will be used to erect a lasting tribute in the city of Columbia , " according to the complaint . "  Our goal is to extract something positive from such a horrific and senseless tragedy and to honor the lives of my sister and her two young sons , " Weiss said . The wrongful death suit also names Coleman 's father , Ronald , and the Joyce Meyer Ministries , where Coleman worked until shortly after his family was killed , as "  respondents in discovery , " which means they may be forced to hand over financial documents and information such as Coleman 's personnel file , his work schedule and travel itineraries and the Ministries ' employment policies . In addition , the suit tries to establish a timeline of events before and after the killings , saying the Colemans took the deed to their home in 2005 , but six months ago , ownership was transferred to Christoper Coleman alone . "  Sheri did not voluntarily sign the deed transferring title to the residence to Christopher , " the document says . Lawyers in the civil suit also allege that in the period between the killings and his arrest , Coleman removed personal property from the home . The suit asks that Coleman and anyone "  acting at his direction " be forbidden from entering the home again and that he provide a list of items already removed . Coleman remains in jail after a judge denied bond .	Sheri Coleman , 2 sons killed in Columbia , Illinois , home Christopher Coleman , husband and father , is accused in the deaths Family says it hopes to prevent "  ill-gotten gain " from the three deaths
CNN Student News  -- November 25 , 2013 A preliminary agreement involving Iran 's controversial nuclear program could signal the end of decades of diplomatic gridlock . On Monday , CNN Student News reports on the details of the deal and some vastly different reactions to it . We also discuss the potential impact of winter weather on Thanksgiving travel . And we meet a teen who 's planning for an upcoming hospital stay by thinking of her fellow patients . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Do weather forecasts have an impact on people 's holiday travel plans ? If so , to what extent ? If not , why not ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . world power 2 . forecaster 3 . Federal Communications Commission  FCC Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is known about a deal over Iran 's nuclear program ? What have been some reactions to this deal ? 2 . How has a winter storm system impacted parts of the United States ahead of Thanksgiving ? What is this system expected to do ? 3 . What has the FCC proposed with regard to cell phone use on airplanes ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you think might be the potential outcomes of a nuclear deal between Iran and six other countries ? Why do you think different countries have vastly different opinions on this agreement ? 2 . What are some arguments for and against an FCC proposal to allow cell phone calls during flights ? Do you think that the flying experience will change if this proposal is passed ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? Do you think passengers should be allowed to make calls during flights ? Why or why not ? 3 . What needs might hospital patients have over the holidays ? What are your thoughts about what brain surgery patient Savannah Day is doing for other hospital patients ? How might her story inspire others ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Iran North America Virginia ; Cincinnati , Ohio FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  Back in 1989 , Ayatollah Khomeini famously said he was "  drinking poison " when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with Iraq . The war had helped define Khomeini 's regime , the Islamic Republic , which he had founded a year before Saddam Hussein invaded Iran . Khomeini galvanized the nation , both his supporters and growing opponents , to fight against the enemy . He dragged out the war for eight years , despite Saddam 's willingness to accept a ceasefire , and thus stabilized the foundations of the Islamic Republic . By the time he ended the war , the economy was in shambles , and there was no sign of his die-hard volunteers . Since then , "  drinking a chalice of poison " has became part of Iranian political lexicon , and many analysts have asked whether Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Khomeini 's successor , would raise the chalice and surrender to demands by the West to end Iran 's nuclear program . Like the war , Iran 's defiance to halt its controversial nuclear program has defined Khameni 's era . He has defied the West in the face of increasing economic pressure . Iran claims that its program is peaceful , but Khamenei 's refusal to end uranium enrichment activities -- a process that can lead to making nuclear fuel as well as nuclear bombs -- has landed the country under crippling sanctions . The standoff with the West has stretched longer than the war . The agreement reached in Lausanne , Switzerland , however , marks a new chapter in the history of the country . If Iran can finalize a deal by June with the United States and its P5 +1 partners , international investors , including Americans , would be able to invest in Iran for the first time in decades . Iran can develop its gas and oil fields , and the economy can leap forward . Desperate for a deal , whoever I called over the past week inside Iran was glued to their television sets , and tens of thousands poured out on the streets to celebrate the agreement late Thursday night . Iran 's economy shrank after sanctions were intensified in 2012 and the value of the Rial , the Iranian currency , plunged to one-third of the U.S. dollar . Inflation soared and the bank accounts of ordinary Iranians were frozen overseas as a result of sanctions . Millions of Iranians are hoping that their lives will improve in the post-deal era . Despite the regime 's propaganda that claimed the program enjoys wide support among people , critics inside the country publicly denounced nuclear policies . Ahmad Shirzad , a former member of parliament , denounced the program last year and said it had been "  against national interests . " Another critic , Sadeq Ziba , said in December "  the nuclear program has hurt the country more than the war . " Iranian politicians are divided between moderates -- led by President Hassan Rouhani , who wants to develop the economy -- and hardliners , who view the deal as a threat to the regime 's ideology . The majority of people brought Rouhani to power in 2012 , hoping that he would ease the sanctions . Many see the negotiations as a diplomatic necessity that would help sideline hardliners too . Yet the Lausanne agreement would not have been possible without the moderates ' will and Khamenei 's approval . Ayatollah Khamenei is 76 . Last year , he underwent a long prostate surgery , which led to rumors that he might be gravely ill . His predecessor ended the war a year before his death . Whether Khamenei is seriously ill or not , many believe that because of his advanced age , he needs to put the country on a straight path before his death . So far , the regime has presented the deal as a win for itself . During 18 months of negotiations , the regime appeared determined not to succumb to Western demands and lose its right to uranium enrichment . The Lausanne agreement allows Iran to spin 5,000 centrifuges and avoid national humiliation . Khamenei can claim that Iran is the winner in the country 's decade-long confrontation with the West -- a legacy that he wants to leave behind . He has not drunk the poison yet , not until June , when negotiators aim to iron out the final deal . But perhaps he has raised the chalice .	Iran 's first Supreme Leader made a bitter peace with Iraq 's Saddam Hussein Nazila Fathi : Is current leader Ayatollah Khamanei trying to put Iran on right track before he dies ?
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund rained on Real Madrid 's parade in midweek , and the German soccer champions overcame snowy conditions to kickstart their domestic title hopes on Saturday . Dortmund 's hopes of a third successive Bundesliga crown seem slim , even at this early stage of the season , but the 2-0 win at Freiburg kept Jurgen Klopp 's team in fourth place after nine matches -- albeit nine points adrift of leaders Bayern Munich . While last season 's championship was somewhat offset by disappointing results in Europe , Wednesday 's 2-1 victory against nine-time winners Real put Dortmund in pole position to qualify for the knockout stage of the Champions League from Group D . That momentum was maintained despite a difficult start at the MAGE Solar Stadion , where the pitch was covered in powdery snow after a cold snap hit Northern Europe . Second-half goals from Serbia defender Neven Subotic and young playmaker Mario Gotze were enough to quell the home side 's spirited opening onslaught , which almost produced a goal when Lukasz Piszczek headed against his own post . Subotic glanced in a header nine minutes after the break and the 20-year-old Gotze sealed victory on 83 to leave Freiburg in midtable . It was Dortmund 's second win in the last six league games , having lost at home to Schalke last weekend . "  It was an incredibly tough game , " Klopp told reporters . "  You could see in the first half just how hard it was to play on a pitch like that . "  In the second half , we played better than Freiburg did in the first , so this was n't an undeserved win , but in these conditions anything could have happened . " Schalke , who beat English club Arsenal in the Champions League in midweek , moved up to second place with a 1-0 win at home to Nuremberg . A 77th-minute goal from winger Jefferson Farfan put the Royal Blues within four points of Bayern , who host Bayer Leverkusen on Sunday . Wolfsburg , who sacked coach Felix Magath on Thursday , moved off the bottom of the table with a 4-1 win over 10-man Fortuna Dusseldorf . Dutch striker Bas Dost netted twice , while former Bayern forward Ivioca Olic also netted and Brazilian midfielder Diego added a 78th-minute penalty after Oliver Fink was sent off for fouling him . Mainz moved up to fifth place as Hungary striker Adam Szalai scored all the goals in a 3-0 win at home to Hoffenheim . Mid-table Werder Bremen came from behind to draw 1-1 at promoted team Greuther Furth , who dropped to the bottom on goal difference below Augsburg -- beaten 2-0 by Hamburg on Friday .	Borussia Dortmund fourth in German Bundesliga after beating Freiburg 2-0 German champions overcome snowy conditions to follow up European success Schalke up to second place after 1-0 win over Nuremberg on Saturday Wolfsburg move off bottom with win in first game since Felix Magath was sacked
Accused of being a spy in the United States , Fernando Gonzalez can expect a hero 's welcome when he returns to Cuba . The Cuban intelligence agent was released from a U.S. federal prison Thursday after serving 15 years for failing to register as a foreign agent and possessing forged documents . Gonzalez will be the second member of the "  Cuban Five " to be released from prison . Cuban officials said they expected that he would return to the island after being transferred to the custody of immigration officials for deportation proceedings , which could take several days . The five were part of a network of agents in South Florida that the Cuban government said was gathering intelligence to prevent terrorist attacks against Cuba . U.S. federal prosecutors called the network a dangerous undercover spy cell . One of the exile groups that the intelligence agents targeted was Brothers to the Rescue , which searched for Cuban rafters on the Straits of Florida from small airplanes . In 1996 , four members of Brothers to the Rescue were killed after they were shot down by Cuban fighter jets as the group 's planes headed toward the island to drop anti-government leaflets . Federal prosecutors argued that information supplied by some of the "  Cuban Five " agents assisted in the downing of the planes . Another seven agents cooperated with prosecutors . The five agents were convicted in 2001 and have since been the focus of an international campaign by the Cuban government to free them . Cuban officials have said they wish to discuss the case of the Cuban agents and that of jailed U.S. State Department contractor Alan Gross , who was sentenced in 2011 to 15 years in prison after being convicted of importing banned communications equipment to Cuba . But U.S. officials have rejected the idea of a swap , saying Gross did not engage in any intelligence-gathering in Cuba . Last year , "  Cuban Five " member Rene Gonzalez returned to Cuba after completing his prison sentence . He has been treated as a hero by Cuba 's state media and has led the media campaign to free the other intelligence agents . "  Of course , he will need a need to rest , " Rene Gonzalez said last month of his fellow agent 's impending release . "  Then I hope he will take up the fight for our three brothers . "	Fernando Gonzalez is a member of the network of Cuban agents He was released Thursday from U.S. prison Cubans have long pushed for his release
CNN  -- The recent hacking of a Twitter employee 's personal e-mail account is raising questions about the security of storing personal information and business data on the Internet . A Twitter co-founder says password toughness is important to online security . The Web has been buzzing since a hacker allegedly broke into a Twitter administrator 's personal e-mail account about a month ago and used that information to access the employee 's Google Apps account . That account housed some of Twitter 's private financial documents and notes , according to Twitter 's official blog . Some of those documents circulated the blogosphere on Wednesday , and TechCrunch , a technology blog , published a Twitter financial forecast . The hacker sent 310 documents to the tech site , according to a post by Michael Arrington , TechCrunch 's founder and co-editor . In what appears to be a separate incident , a hacker broke into Twitter chief executive Evan Williams ' wife 's e-mail account and then accessed Williams ' PayPal and Amazon accounts , Twitter says . It 's unclear what if any impact the incidents will have on the future of cloud computing , the idea that documents and computing power can be stored "  in the cloud " of the Internet rather than on desktops or laptops . Many tech blogs are weighing in on the hacking 's impact . Some see the incident as an indication of serious security flaws at Twitter . Others say it 's a sign Twitter has gotten big , and any rising company makes a good target for a cyberattack . People outside the Silicon Valley micro-blogging company , such as Twitter account holders , reportedly were not affected in the incident . "  This was not a hack on the Twitter service , it was a personal attack followed by the theft of private company documents , " Twitter co-founder Biz Stone writes on the company 's official blog . Google 's suite of online applications , which allows users to share and store calendars , spreadsheets and text documents , is not to blame for the hacking , Stone said in the post , adding that Twitter continues to use Google Apps . "  This is n't about any flaw in Web apps , " Stone writes . "  It speaks to the importance of following good personal security guidelines such as choosing strong passwords . " Security experts say it 's best for users to create new passwords for each of their online accounts . The passwords generally should be complicated , combining letters , numbers and symbols . And they should be changed often . CNET , a tech site that partners with CNN , says the hack highlights how interconnected information is online -- and how vulnerable that setup is to attack . "  Although it seems that Twitter has been thrust into this situation a bit unfairly , a hack along these lines could have happened to the executives of more Web companies than anybody would like to admit , " Josh Lowensohn and Caroline McCarthy write on the news site . "  What it really highlights is the extreme interconnectedness of the social Web : with the likes of e-mail contact importing and data-portability services like Facebook Connect now commonplace , a savvy hacker can have access to multiple accounts simply by accessing one . " Ken Colburn , a computer security expert , recently told CNN.com / Live that Google Docs are "  as secure as anything you 're going to do on the Internet . It 's not any more or less secure than Microsoft Office . " Writing for Mashable , a blog that covers online social media , Stan Schroeder says the latest Twitter breach proves the micro-blogging site needs to address nagging security flaws . "  There have been so many problems -LSB- at Twitter -RSB- over the past couple of months that it 's getting hard to keep track of them , " he writes . "  It 's time to fix it once and for all , because these security issues are a dark shadow looming over the otherwise bright future of this company . " Adam Ostrow , editor-in-chief at Mashable , says the hacking is "  another embarrassing moment in Twitter 's torrid growth , but nothing that 's likely to bring the house down . " Peter Kafka , senior editor at AllThingsD.com , offers another analogy . "  This looks roughly akin to having your underwear drawer rifled : Embarrassing , but no one 's really going to be surprised about what 's in there , " he writes . Another debate happening online concerns TechCrunch 's decision to publish some of the information stolen from Twitter . Arrington , of TechCrunch , writes that "  a few of the documents have so much news value that we think it 's appropriate to publish them . " Still , "  there is clearly an ethical line here that we do n't want to cross , and the vast majority of these documents are n't going to be published , at least by us , " he writes . Some , including TechCrunch readers , have criticized the blog 's decision to publish any of the information . Twitter has said it is seeking legal counsel on the matter . "  We are in touch with our legal counsel about what this theft means for Twitter , the hacker , and anyone who accepts and subsequently shares or publishes these stolen documents , " Stone writes on the site 's blog . Ostrow , of Mashable , writes that there 's nothing "  really juicy " in the Twitter documents . "  The bottom line seems to be this : your Twitter accounts are safe , but there are a number of documents that Twitter would rather not have published publicly in other people 's hands , " he says . "  But if you 're expecting something really juicy  like , how Twitter plans to make money  , you should probably prepare to be disappointed . " What do you think of the news ? Are you worried about security and cloud computing ? Do you use Google Docs and will you continue to ? What about TechCrunch 's decision to publish the info stolen from Twitter ? Feel free to chime in with comments below .	A hacker allegedly broke into a Twitter administrator 's personal e-mail account The hacker stole Twitter financial documents and leaked them to several blogs Web is abuzz with opinions on the hacking 's impact and the ethics of posting the info Twitter says it is seeking legal counsel on the matter
CNN  -- A violent crash on a dirt track in New Jersey has claimed the life of race car driver Jason Leffler , a NASCAR veteran lauded by fellow racers as a fierce and versatile competitor . Leffler , 37 , died Wednesday , a little more than three months after returning to the world of short-track open-wheel racing after focusing on NASCAR circuits for more than a decade , according to his website . "  Sitting here in disbelief . ... All I can think about is Charlie , " NASCAR racer Elliott Sadler said , referring to Leffler 's 5-year-old son . Leffler 's death at Bridgeport Speedway in Swedesboro , New Jersey , came during a qualifying race during the Night of Wings event , a 25-lap race for sprint cars equipped with stabilizing wings . Sprint cars are high-powered cars that usually run on dirt or paved oval tracks . Leffler was on the fourth turn of the preliminary heat when his car left the banked dirt track and flipped several times down the front straightaway , the South Jersey Times newspaper reported , citing witnesses . He had to be pulled from the vehicle , the newspaper said . "  NASCAR extends its thoughts , prayers and deepest sympathies to the family of Jason Leffler who passed away earlier this evening , " NASCAR said Wednesday in a statement . "  For more than a decade , Jason was a fierce competitor in our sport and he will be missed . " Condolences poured in from fellow drivers . "  Lost a good guy tonight in Jason Leffler . Prayers with your family ! " racer Bobby Labonte said in a Twitter post . "  My thoughts and prayers are with Jason 's family and friends , " driver Jeff Burton posted . "  Breaks my heart thinking of his little boy . " Leffler began racing when was 12 years old , according to his website , and went on to win four U.S. Auto Club racing championships -- including three back-to-back championships from 1997 to 1999 -- and a place in the National Midget Auto Racing Hall of Fame . In 2000 , he finished 17th in the Indianapolis 500 . He switched his racing focus that same year to NASCAR 's Nationwide Series and later to the Camping World Truck Series in 2002 , according to his website . The Long Beach , California , native won two Nationwide Series races and finished in the top 10 in points for six consecutive years , according to his website . He decided to return to dirt racing for 2013 , planning to compete in up to 65 sprint car races . "  I 've got a lot of learning to do , " he was quoted as saying on his website in March . "  It 's cool to be able to race 3 times a week and figure things out . " Sprint car racing can be a dangerous sport , and accidents are not infrequent . A 22-year-old driver died three weeks ago in a crash at Bloomington Speedway in Monroe County , Indiana , CNN affiliate WTHR reported . In March , two spectators died when a car veered off-track at Marysville Raceway Park , outside Sacramento , California . In that incident , a car hit two tractor tires , sending it airborne and striking two spectators , a 68-year-old man and a 14-year-old boy . The driver was uninjured . In 2012 , a 20-year-old driver died when his sprint car hit the wall at Calistoga Speedway in Napa County , California , according to the Napa Valley Register . CNN 's Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : NASCAR veteran Jason Leffler had just returned to dirt-track racing He died Wednesday in a crash at a New Jersey dirt track NASCAR calls Leffler a "  fierce competitor " who will be missed "  Lost a good guy tonight , " racer Bobby Labonte tweets
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The rules governing air traffic over New York 's Hudson River need to be rewritten to prevent another mishap like this month 's fatal collision of a small plane and a sightseeing helicopter , federal safety investigators said Thursday . The wreckage of a plane that collided with a helicopter is lifted this month from the Hudson River . The recommendation comes three weeks after nine people were killed when the two aircraft collided in the congested airspace bordering Manhattan . The recommendation is noteworthy both because of its sweeping nature and its timing . Ordinarily , the National Transportation Safety Board makes recommendations at the conclusion of its investigation , which typically take a year . But in a letter to FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt , NTSB Chairman Deborah Hersman said that based on preliminary findings , the safety board is concerned about the "  safety of flight " over the Hudson River . She outlined a series of changes , among them requiring that helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft fly at different altitudes over the river . She made specific reference to "  the performance of air traffic controllers " at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey , who were monitoring the plane 's flight during the August 8 collision . "  The NTSB is concerned with the complacency and inattention to duty evidenced by the actions of the -LSB- Teterboro -RSB- controller and the supervisor during the events surrounding this accident , " Hersman wrote . Hersman said the pilot of the aircraft requested permission to climb to 3,500 feet minutes before the crash . But because there was no coordination between controllers at Teterboro and Newark airports , controllers did not grant the request , increasing the risk of a collision in Hudson River low-altitude airspace known as the "  exclusionary zone , " she said . Pilots in the exclusionary zone are not separated by air traffic controllers , and instead use visual "  see and avoid " tactics . The Teterboro controller was making a personal phone call and "  was not fully engaged in his duties " in the minutes leading up to the accident , Hersman said . His supervisor , meanwhile , had left the building on a personal errand without informing the controller . The air traffic controller 's inappropriate phone call "  likely would not have been permitted " if the supervisor had been in the tower , Hersman said . The FAA on Thursday did not comment on the NTSB recommendation , but said a task force studying flight operations above the Hudson River will soon submit its findings . And the air traffic controllers union defended its member , saying he had handed off the plane 's pilot to another radar tower before the helicopter appeared on his radar scope . "  The NTSB again has rushed to wrongly blame the air traffic controller in this incident , " said Patrick Forrey , president of the National Air Traffic Controllers Association . "  The bottom line here is that the controller is not responsible for contributing to this tragic accident . ... We can not provide traffic advisories to aircraft we are not talking to , can not see on radar or are not a factor at all . " Forrey said the NTSB "  inexplicably " made its recommendations before the FAA task force had finished its job . "  The task force is due to release its report next week . So why the rush ? " Forrey said . In its letter , the NTSB asks the FAA to establish a special flight rules area , or SFRA , for the class B exclusion areas near New York City ; require vertical separation between helicopters and airplanes in these SFRAs ; require pilots to complete specific training on the SFRA requirements before flight within the area ; and conduct a review of other airspace configurations where specific pilot training and familiarization would improve safety .	NTSB advises rule changes over Hudson River after August 8 crash Nine people were killed when helicopter , small plane collided One proposal : Make helicopters , fixed-wing aircraft fly at different altitudes over river NTSB makes recommendation before end of crash probe -- a rare move
CNN  -- A passenger aboard Continental Airlines Flight 1404 described a scene of panic as the plane skidded off the runway while trying to take off and caught fire Saturday at Denver International Airport in Colorado . Passenger Gabriel Trejos says he saw an engine on fire as the plane skidded to a halt . "  Everybody was trying to get off the plane , " passenger Gabriel Trejos told CNN affiliate KUSA . "  Everybody was yelling , ` The plane 's going to blow up , the plane 's going to blow up ! " ' Only one of the 38 people taken to hospitals was listed in serious condition and none appeared to be burn victims , said Patrick Hynes , chief of the airport division of the Denver Fire Department . Bone fractures and bruises were the most common complaint , he said . Trejos said when the plane hit the ground , he saw an engine on fire and seats buckling toward each other . "  It just seemed like it took forever for the plane to stop , " Trejos said . "  On my side of the plane I could see the engine , I noticed it was on fire . I could feel the heat coming from the window . " Watch Trejos describe seeing engine on fire " Airport officials said it was too soon to determine the cause of the accident or the fire . The flight was bound for Houston , Texas , and was taking off at about 6:20 p.m. Firefighters found the Boeing 737 on fire , with its wheels sheared off , resting in a ravine about 200 yards from the runway , Hynes said . "  They described a surreal scene when they pulled up , heavy fire on the right side of the aircraft , all chutes deployed from both sides of the aircraft , people evacuating and walking up the hillside towards them , " Hynes said . Hynes said the entire right side of the jet was on flames and "  a heck of a firefight " followed . "  There was significant extension of fire into the cabin portion , " he said . "  There 's significant fire damage inside with the luggage department described as melting and dropping down into the seats . " Hynes said fuel from the aircraft leaked for several hours after the mishap , but the fire was out . "  As far as we know , there were no fatalities and we believe no critical injuries , " Denver International Airport manager of aviation Kim Day told reporters late Saturday . Watch airport official describe scene of accident " Continental issued a statement late Saturday saying it was collecting information about the accident . The 112 people on the plane included five crew members . Planes resumed takeoffs and landings at the airport after the incident , although Day said a section of the airport will remain closed into Sunday . She suggested passengers call ahead for Sunday departure times since many flights may be delayed . A team from the National Transportation Safety Board  NTSB  was on its way to the scene to start an investigation .	NEW : "  I could see the engine , " passenger says . "  I noticed it was on fire " Continental jet veers off runway while attempting to take off from Denver airport Jet also caught fire in ravine 200 yards from runway Thirty-eight people were treated for injuries at hospitals
I 'm often asked how I got started on my weight loss journey . I wish I had a simple , perky answer , but the truth is , I had a lot of internal housecleaning to do first . Lynn Bering eats a mostly vegetarian diet and exercises five days a week to maintain her 168-pound weight loss . I had so many feelings floating around in my head when I weighed 300 pounds -- inadequacy , anger , and overall helplessness . I vacillated for months between accepting my body as it was and choosing to lose weight . I journaled tough questions : How did I feel about my body ? How much did I love myself ? Was I worth changing for ? It was difficult and often uncomfortable work , I wo n't lie , but once I was honest with myself and became better acquainted with the emotions that bothered me most , I was ready to lose weight . Working through those issues , or at least confronting them , left me better prepared for the "  tough love " it took to discipline that weak voice inside that said , "  This is hard . I want chocolate  or fries or animal crackers or any other simple carb you can imagine  . Feed me . " I learned to say no to myself and I committed to learning new behaviors that helped me change "  I ca n't " to "  I will . " I still write down everything I eat . I still ask myself , "  How will I feel five minutes after I eat this ? " If the answer is anything other than , "  I will feel good having made this food choice , " then I do n't eat it . Or at least most of the time I do n't . Sometimes that whiny voice wins . But the point is , I think about it . Am I eating because I want to or because I need to ? Am I feeding some emotion I 'm afraid to examine ? I ca n't sugar-coat the truth . I ca n't even use Splenda to make it easier . Losing weight means changing everything -- how you think about food and how you think about yourself . But if you do n't take shortcuts and you find your inner strength  and we all have that within ourselves  , you 'll be rewarded with not only more energy and better health , you 'll be your own best friend . Bering tracks her progress , fitness regimens and the pitfalls of losing weight on her blog , Lynn 's Weight Loss Journey . E-mail to a friend CNN.com I-Reporter Lynn Bering is a freelance writer who lives in Pennsylvania .	Lynn Bering reveals internal issues that prompted change She blogged to keep herself accountable and update family , friends Bering journaled and shared her weight loss journey online
CNN  -- Drew Magary is an angry guy -- or at least he plays one on the Internet . The Deadspin , Gawker and GQ contributor and sci-fi author has amassed a large , rabid fan base for his sharp , smart , acidic rants on subjects ranging from the coaching abilities of Bill Belichick and the uselessness of scab referees to his hatred of scarves and the punchability of Justin Bieber 's face . He 's got opinions . But all that ire and energy were of little use as Magary and his wife watched their prematurely born child cling to life in a neonatal intensive care unit as a result of a condition known as intestinal malrotation . Luckily , the youngest Magary survived , and the ordeal inspired the father of three to share his parenting experiences in a new memoir , "  Someone Could Get Hurt . " CNN spoke with Magary about the peaks and pitfalls of being a dad in an often dangerous world . An edited transcript is below : CNN : There are a lot of dad stereotypes out there , from doofus to "  Father Knows Best . " Do they have any impact on you ? Drew Magary : They suck . Dad is clueless , bumbling and useless , or he 's a hippie who 's trying to breast-feed his kid . That can dictate behavior that you think you 're expected to live up to . CNN : Fear is a prevalent theme in the book . What 's the difference in the fear you felt before and after you had your kids ? Magary : Every guy thinks , "  The kid is here , life 's not going to be fun anymore . " There 's a dread of not having the world revolve around you . I 'm over that , and I 'm more than happy to be a lameass who goes to bed by 9 every night . Once you have kids , you have all kinds of other fears : the kid getting hurt , or worse . You fear that everyone is watching you fail -- that there will not be another human being at the playground who is a worse parent than you are . It 's all very self-inflicted and self-involved . I get too concerned with looking like I 'm doing a good job rather than parenting well . You have to get past that layer of self-analysis , and that 's very hard in this day and age . CNN : How do you think the Internet has affected how people parent ? Magary : Your mistakes , admissions and fears are much more public . In that way , it 's very good because there 's more information for you to draw on and parents to commiserate with . It 's really important for parents to have an outlet . Every time I 've gotten advice on parenting , it might not have worked , but at least I felt more secure , not completely helpless . The downside is that people are d **** . On certain mom forums , people are very supportive -- you present a problem and people will rush in with answers . But then there 's a news story about a mom giving her kid a vegan diet , and it 's 300 comments about "  You 're a horrible person . " It 's all amplified : The judgment and the support are more out in the open . CNN : What did your own dad teach you about fatherhood ? Magary : He 's a good dad , but he 's a different kind of dad . I always expect things to work out for me the same way they worked out for him . When I 'm not as effective as he was , I get really pissed off and frustrated , and I feel like I 'm failing him . CNN : Are you having parenting discussions with your friends who are fathers ? Magary : No . When moms get together , they 'll talk shop a lot . Guys just would rather talk about anything else -- sports or something . There really is n't as much help or sounding boards for dads . There 's no one who is like , "  Hey , come here , I 'll help out . " Guys wo n't sit down and open a handbook ; you get it all from the mom . She 'll read something or make you read it  and you read half of it  . The other useful person is the pediatrician . Still , you can ask if your kid is barfing too much , but you ca n't really ask , "  How do I get my kid to listen ? " Modern fathers face new expectations CNN : In the book , you shared a story of getting so frustrated with your daughter , you worried about what you might do . What did you take away from that ? Magary : I reacted poorly . You feel so awful for being angry at your kid , and you can see the precipice that you 're on . Down one avenue there 's a nice relationship where you 're mutually respectful of each other , and down the other is abuse or just antagonism all day long . It 's terrifying to see that and visualize a future where the fighting never ends . I 'm getting better at it . CNN : Is it hard to let your kids have free rein to screw up ? Magary : I was allowed to go outside unsupervised when I was 8 or 9 and explore the way you 're supposed  to  . It 's good parenting to let kids figure out things on their own . But it 's more difficult now because the world is more dangerous . The Internet has lots of terrible s *** on it . My neighborhood does n't have sidewalks , so it 's not amenable to walking . There 's Lyme disease in the backyard . It 's not the safe meadow it used to be , so that makes it a little bit of push and pull . CNN : You 're known in your writing for having very strong opinions about how things should be . Do you set that perfectionism aside at home ? Magary : I do a pretty good job in real life about not having huge expectations of my kids going to X school , having X job or making X amount of money . That 's very old-fashioned , and it 's going away . The things kids say and do are unlike anything you 'd think of , and that 's the fun of being a parent . When it 's not fun is when they 're acting in a way that presents a problem you do n't know how to solve . They 're screaming their heads off for three hours , and you have this fear that they 'll keep screaming forever . You 're trying to get your kid to the bus stop , and really , they do n't have to go if they do n't want to . What are you gon na do about it ? That 's a terrifying thing to realize -- that only they have the control over what they 're going to do , and you just have to try to guide them in the right direction . That 's the difference between being a good parent and a helicopter parent . CNN : How do you pick yourself back up from a bad parenting day ? Magary : I have a glass of wine and go to bed . When my wife and I know the day is going badly , we 'll just cut our losses , go to bed at 8 and wake up with a fresh slate . It usually works . You do n't usually get two bad days in a row . Of course , all the parents of teenagers tell me it gets worse . They all look shellshocked ; it 's terrible . CNN : When you were a teenager , did you think that manhood included being a dad ? Magary : No , I was like any other guy , "  I 'll get married when I 'm 50 and I 'm gon na make movies and snort cocaine . ... " All guys are like that , and then they undoucheify . A lot of what we do at Deadspin is debunking the bro thing . Men should get more credit than that . When guys write to me , they have fears and hopes and imaginations . They 're a lot more interesting psychologically than just being douche bags who want to go clubbing . CNN : Did you have a moment when you saw that transformation in yourself ? Magary : Probably when my third kid almost died . I was more grateful for existence -- I was n't quite the cynical ass I 'd always been , and that 's permanently the case now . CNN : What did facing that teach you about the kind of man and father you want to be ? Magary : You can have kids and not fundamentally change -- you just get to do more stuff . People say they change your life , but you 're still pretty much the same person , but walking around grumpy because you do n't get any sleep . I 'll still get frustrated with my kid when he 's crying his ass off , but I 'm happy he 's here . I have a fundamental understanding of how ridiculous it is to be annoyed at him -- because I 'm happy he 's not dead . I tell my kids I love them every day . I hug them and kiss them and all that , probably more than they want . I 'm not the stoic dad , where you 're fighting for 50 years to hear your dad say , "  I love you " once . CNN : What advice would you give to a first-time dad ? Magary : Know when to walk away . Not from parenting , of course , but from meltdowns and conflicts . It 's not worth it . Follow Kat Kinsman on Twitter and Google Plus and CNN Living on Facebook .	Drew Magary is known for his rants as a contributor for Deadspin and GQ Magary has written a parenthood memoir called "  Someone Could Get Hurt " He says he 's matured and calmed down in the course of becoming a father
Washington  CNN  -- The future of the DREAM Act has become something of a nightmare for Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill . Congressional leaders and the Obama administration are fighting it out , and each is making the case for why the legislation should be passed or rejected during the lame-duck session of Congress . The Development , Relief and Education for Alien Minors Act would grant eligibility for citizenship for thousands of young illegal immigrants if they go to college or serve in the military . Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Thursday , "  I urge the Congress to pass the DREAM Act and set aside old labels . " Speaking to reporters via a White House conference call , Napolitano said , "  There are compelling reasons to support it . ... It will strengthen the military and strengthen the economy . " Napolitano urged Congress to act "  and come together on a bipartisan basis and in the grand tradition of this country . " She said the DREAM Act would help people who were "  brought here by others ... not of their own volition ... but were brought here by parents or smuggled into the country by human traffickers . " The ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee , Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas , said there have been no hearings on the bill and lawmakers have not seen the text of the legislation . Even so , he said , House Democrats are considering bringing up the act on Friday . In a written statement , Smith said the bill could grant amnesty to more than 2 million illegal immigrants . "  Mass amnesty is not the only problem with the DREAM Act , " he said . "  The bill allows illegal immigrants to receive in-state tuition at public universities , placing them ahead of U.S. citizens . The bill also is a magnet for fraud . " Sen. David Vitter , R-Louisiana , contended that "  while the bill continues to be disguised as an educational initiative , it is simply another measure that offers a path to citizenship for illegals in this country . " In a letter to the Congressional Budget Office , Vitter said , "  It is imperative that members of Congress and the American people know the estimated cost of the DREAM Act before a single vote is cast on this legislation . " Napolitano told reporters an earlier version of the bill scored by the CBO estimated the cost as "  basically neutral . The cost argument does n't hold water . "	The act would make immigrants eligible for citizenship if they go to college or join the military Texas Republican says the bill could grant amnesty to 2 million "  The bill is also a magnet for fraud , " he says
CNN  -- Thomas Mueller celebrated signing a new contract with Bayern Munich by helping the Bundesliga champions to win the pre-season German Supercup clash with runners-up Schalke on Saturday . The 20-year-old , a revelation for Germany at the 2010 World Cup after scoring five goals , broke the deadlock in the second half in Augsburg before Miroslav Klose sealed a 2-0 win . Before the match , he agreed a two-year extension to his previous deal , which was due to expire in 2013 . "  A dream has come true for me , and not just in the course of last season , " Mueller , who was joint top scorer in South Africa and also named best young player , told the Bayern website . "  I come from Bavaria , and FC Bayern is my club . I 'm delighted that I 'll continue to wear a Bayern shirt for the next five years . " Bayern lost 3-1 to Schalke last week in the Liga Total Cup friendly event , as coach Louis Van Gaal fielded several reserve players . But the Dutchman included six World Cup stars -- minus the injured Arjen Robben -- in a traditional pre-season fixture between league and cup winners which has been reinstated on the calendar after a 14-year absence . Bayern angry as Dutch star Robben is ruled out Schalke coach Felix Magath fielded his marquee signing , former Real Madrid striker Raul . Bayern , who also won the German Cup last season as well as reaching the final of the UEFA Champions League , took the lead in the 75th minute . Mueller slotted into the empty net when veteran striker Klose put the ball past onrushing goalkeeper Manuel Neuer . Klose , who scored four goals at the World Cup to move second in the all-time scorers list with Gerd Mueller , doubled the lead from close range six minutes later after Ivica Olic beat Schalke 's new Spanish defender Sergio Escudero and provided the assist . Bayern begin the new Bundesliga season at home to the 2009 champions Wolfsburg on August 20 .	Bayern Munich reward World Cup star Thomas Mueller with new deal until 2015 The 20-year-old scores opening goal in German Supercup victory over Schalke He is set up by veteran striker Miroslav Klose , who scores other goal in 2-0 win Bundesliga runners-up Schalke field former Real Madrid striker Raul
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Two teenage girls , who were found hanging from a tree in northern India in May , were not raped as originally alleged , according to new forensic reports commissioned by federal investigators . The Central Bureau of Investigation  CBI  sent samples obtained by police in the northern Uttar Pradesh state , where the incident had happened , to a special DNA fingerprinting facility in southern India for re-examination after it took over the case , an official source told CNN Tuesday . "  Test  results did n't show the girls were sexually assaulted , " said the CBI source , who requested anonymity . "  There were also several discrepancies in the post-mortem report . " But with the latest evidence appearing to rule out rape , investigators , for now , have dropped plans to file charges against the five . "  The CBI is not going to file the charge-sheet against them as of now . However , we are not giving them clean chit either , " CBI spokeswoman Kanchan Prasad said . She said the investigation into the girls ' killing would continue . Under Indian law , suspects in custody for serious crimes become eligible to apply for bail if formal charges are not filed against them in the trial court within 90 days . Left hanging from tree Five people , including two police officers , were arrested after the girls -- who were cousins aged 14 and 16 -- were left hanging from the branches of a mango tree in a remote village in Budaun district on May 27 . A photo from the village showed the body of one girl , dressed in a green tunic and pants , hanging from the tree . A large group of people , many of them young children , were gathered around the grisly scene . The girls ' families filed a complaint accusing three brothers of rape and murder . Police said an autopsy confirmed the girls had been raped and strangled . No quick fix for India 's rape crisis Widespread anger The case caused widespread revulsion in India and beyond , reminding people about the brutal gang-rape of a girl on a public bus in Delhi in December 2012 . Back then , a 23-year-old physiotherapy student was traveling home from a movie with a male friend when at least five other men on the bus dragged her to the back of the bus and then beat up her friend . The men took turns raping the woman as the bus drove around the city for almost an hour , police said at the time . The two friends were then dumped by the side of the road , with the young woman later dying from her injuries . That incident energized activists and women generally , with government officials promising action to ensure that girls and women feel safe . Rape order on child brings scrutiny on India 's village councils The girl whose rape changed a country	Evidence was sent to a special DNA fingerprinting facility in southern India for re-examination Investigators highlighted several discrepancies in the post-mortem report Five people arrested after two girls were found dead hanging from a tree Authorities do not plan to charge the arrested men , who included two police officers
CNN  Filipinos are being warned to be on guard for flash floods and landslides as tropical storm Maysak approached the Asian island nation Saturday . Just a few days ago , Maysak gained super typhoon status thanks to its sustained 150 mph winds . It has since lost a lot of steam as it has spun west in the Pacific Ocean . It 's now classified as a tropical storm , according to the Philippine national weather service , which calls it a different name , Chedeng . It boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph  115 kph  and gusts up to 90 mph as of 5 p.m.  5 a.m. ET  Saturday . Still , that does n't mean Maysak wo n't pack a wallop . Authorities took preemptive steps to keep people safe such as barring outdoor activities like swimming , surfing , diving and boating in some locales , as well as a number of precautionary evacuations . Gabriel Llave , a disaster official , told PNA that tourists who arrive Saturday in and around the coastal town of Aurora "  will not be accepted by the owners of hotels , resorts , inns and the like ... and will be advised to return to their respective places . " Aldczar Aurelio , a meteorologist with the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration  PAGASA  , said the storm was centered 200 miles southwest of Aurora province as of 5 p.m.  5 a.m. ET  and heading west at a 12.5 mph clip . It 's expected to make landfall Sunday morning on the southeastern coast of Isabela province and be out of the Philippines by Monday . Ahead of the storm . Isabela Gov. Faustino Dry III warned Saturday that residents should act as if this will be "  no ordinary typhoon . " Dry told PNA , "  We do not know what the impact will be once it will make landfall . "	Once a super typhoon , Maysak is now a tropical storm with 70 mph winds It could still cause flooding , landslides and other problems in the Philippines
CNN  -- It 's a tough time for businesses , but one entrepreneur may have found the recipe for success . Male and female servers go topless at Grand View Topless Coffee Shop . On Monday , Donald Crabtree opened Grand View Topless Coffee Shop in Vassalboro , Maine , where the waiters and waitresses serve their customers topless . In a town with fewer than 4,500 residents , the topless coffee shop is booming with business . Paul Crabtree , the owner 's brother , describes business so far as "  fantastic . " "  It 's just been crowds mobbing in , " he said . Donald Crabtree faced initial opposition to his plan , but he won the right to go ahead in a planning board hearing last week . Many local residents were irate over the idea of combining coffee and nudity . Crabtree , however , saw a profitable business venture . "  I know what people want , " he said . "  People like nudity , and coffee is profitable . Sure , I 'd start a coffee shop , but I 'd be out of work in a week . " The flood of job applications -- more than 150 -- for Grand View Topless Coffee Shop reflected the rough job market . Crabtree hired 10 women and five men under stringent requirements , including friendliness and , what he considered most important , that the wait staff "  treat everyone equally . " Watch townspeople , employees talk about coffee shop "  We did n't hire ' 10s , ' " he said , referring to appearance . "  We hired everyone from skinny to big-boned women . " Of the 15 selected , most had been laid off from other jobs in the past few months . Elvis Thompson of Brunswick , for example , was a line cook at a restaurant before he lost his job . "  They could n't afford me anymore , " he said . He said he does n't mind fielding interesting requests from customers . "  An 80-year-old woman told me she wanted to see me in spandex , " Thompson said . "  I just feel really lucky to have a job . I need the money so I can pay my rent . " Ginni Labree from Palermo , Maine , said she applied to several restaurants before being hired at the Grand View . All the restaurants declined to hire her because of her lack of experience . "  I 'm so excited , so excited to have a job , " she said . The coffee shop jobs are paying off . One waitress received a $ 100 tip for a cup of coffee , and most of the wait staff make about $ 30 a table . Although the topless coffee shop has been open less than a week , Crabtree said he is already seeing regulars . Customers include a variety of individuals , but mainly couples and females . He also sees his new business venture as a temporary fix for customers struggling through tough economic times . "  The economy is so bad , " Crabtree said , "  Everyone 's losing their homes , their ties , everything they own . People leave here happy and ca n't wait to come back . It 's nice to see people smile again . "	Men , women without tops wait tables at Maine coffee shop Owner says high number of applicants a reflection of tough job market Staff hired on basis of friendliness and willingness to "  treat everyone equally " "  People leave here happy and ca n't wait to come back , " owner says
Iran started suspending high levels of uranium enrichment Monday as an interim deal struck with six world powers went into effect , state media reported , making way for more talks and fewer sanctions . All of its voluntary moves will be completed by Monday evening , Iran 's nuclear spokesman Behrouz Kamalvandi told state-run news agency IRNA . The United States and European Union announced that they were suspending certain sanctions for six months as part of the deal . "  In reciprocation for Iran 's concrete actions , the United States and its P5 +1 partners -- the United Kingdom , France , Germany , Russia , and China -- as well as the European Union will today follow through on our commitment to begin to provide the modest relief agreed to with Iran , " said White House spokesman Jay Carney . "  At the same time , we will continue our aggressive enforcement of the sanctions measures that will remain in place throughout this six-month period . " Iran stopped enrichment of uranium to the 20 % purity level and disconnected cascades of centrifuges enriching uranium in Natanz , a top nuclear official told state-run Press TV . A centrifuge is a mechanism used to enrich uranium . "  From now on , the centrifuges which were used for producing 20 % enriched uranium will be used for enriching uranium to the 5 % purity level , " said Mohammad Amiri , a director in the nation 's nuclear agency . Iran 's nuclear capabilities International inspectors were present when Iran started implementing the historic deal , Press TV said . The action is part of a six-month interim agreement that gives Iran and the other countries more time to negotiate a permanent solution . Iran struck the deal on November 24 in exchange for lighter sanctions . Tehran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful , civilian energy purposes , despite concerns from the West that it 's a guise for working toward a nuclear weapons program . Nuclear power plants use uranium that is enriched to 5 % as fuel to generate electricity . As part of the agreement , Iran must eliminate its stockpile of higher levels of enriched uranium , dismantle some infrastructure that makes enrichment possible , and allow broader and more intrusive inspections of its programs . The six nations and the European Union are reviewing a report by the U.N. watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , which provided details of the nuclear activities on the first day of the deal , according to the U.S. State Department . "  This is an important day in our pursuit of ensuring that Iran has an exclusively peaceful nuclear program , " said Catherine Ashton , the European Union foreign policy chief . She said she 's optimistic a new round of negotiations could come soon . Obama makes case on why Congress should not add sanctions on Iran "  Depending on how things work out today , I hope that we will start talks in the next few weeks , " Ashton said . If all conditions are met , Iran will get sanctions relief totaling about $ 7 billion , including access to $ 4.2 billion in frozen assets , during the six months the interim deal is in effect . "  The psychological effects of the lifting of sanctions will create a new atmosphere in the country , " said Iran 's Deputy Foreign Minister Seyed Abbas Araghchi , according to IRNA . For years , Iran and Western powers have left negotiating tables in disagreement , frustration and open animosity . The diplomatic tone changed last year when Iranian President Hassan Rouhani was elected . And the deal appeared to be on the right track Monday . As part of the deal , Iran was required to dilute its stockpile of uranium that had been enriched to 20 % . While uranium is n't bomb-grade until it 's enriched to 90 % purity , "  once you 're at 20 % , you 're about 80 % of the way there , " said Mark Hibbs , a nuclear policy expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . The deal also mandates Iran halt all enrichment above 5 % and dismantle the technical equipment required to do that . World leaders applauded the interim deal after years of a stalemate . "  For the first time in nearly a decade , we have halted the progress of the Iranian nuclear program , " U.S. President Barack Obama said when the deal was announced in November .	U.S. and EU suspend some sanctions for 6 months All voluntary steps will be done by Monday evening , Iran says Iran struck the deal in November in exchange for lighter sanctions from Western powers State media : Iran starts eliminating its stockpile of higher levels of enriched uranium
CNN  -- The U.S. relationship with President Hosni Mubarak 's Egypt is full of contradictions and tensions , according to recently published U.S. diplomatic cables , but is also underpinned by similar basic interests in a rough and unpredictable part of the world . A CNN analysis of secret and confidential cables published by WikiLeaks and its media partners reveals U.S. frustration with Mubarak 's lack of succession planning , concerns over stuttering economic reform and private criticism of the Mubarak government 's hard line toward domestic opponents . But the cables also show that Washington sees Egypt as an important and -- until now -- stable ally on issues , including Iran 's nuclear program , promoting negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority and making life difficult for Hamas in Gaza . And above all , Egypt is regarded as a moderate bulwark against Iranian-sponsored Islamist fundamentalism . The cables show that Mubarak has taken a persistently hard line toward Iran , telling U.S. diplomats in 2008 that he had warned Tehran "  not to provoke the Americans " on the nuclear issue and insisting Egypt could never accept a nuclear-armed Iran . Mubarak has also repeatedly warned of Iran 's influence with Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in Lebanon , and in a cable from February last year , was quoted as describing "  Tehran 's hand moving with ease throughout the region , from the Gulf to Morocco . " A 2009 cable noted that with "  the discovery of a Hezbollah cell in Egypt , the Egyptians appear more willing to confront the Iranian surrogates and to work closely with Israel . " To that end , the cables describe the Mubarak government as a helpful partner in stopping smuggling into Gaza from Egypt . A cable from 2008 quoted a senior Egyptian military figure as stating that Egypt had spent approximately $ 40 million to purchase the steel for an underground wall on the Gaza border , "  and Egypt was paying the cost of this wall in terms of public opinion both within Egypt and the region . " There is no guarantee that any "  successor " to the Mubarak government would take such a hard line with Hamas . For the U.S. , the alliance between Egypt and Saudi Arabia has also been an important counterweight to growing Iranian influence on the "  Arab street " and among states such as Syria and Qatar . Egyptian officials , from Mubarak down , have also repeatedly impressed upon visiting Americans -- military , diplomatic and Congressional -- that it alone among Arab states can play a mediating role between Israel and the Palestinians . -LSB- Egypt signed a peace treaty with Israel in 1979 , and Mubarak has resisted popular opposition to it . -RSB- Ahead of Mubarak 's visit to Washington in May 2009 , Ambassador Margaret Scobey wrote from Cairo that "  the Egyptians want the visit to demonstrate that Egypt remains America 's indispensable "  Arab ally . " Scobey continued that Mubarak was "  a tried and true realist , innately cautious and conservative , and has little time for idealistic goals . " He viewed himself as "  someone who is tough but fair , who ensures the basic needs of his people . " At the same time , the Mubarak government has been very sensitive to any perceived slight from Washington . It has complained about cuts in U.S. economic aid and a stagnant level of military aid "  because it shows our diminished view of the value of our relationship " according to one cable . On pressure to improve human rights , according to one cable from Scobey in 2009 , "  Mubarak takes this issue personally , and it makes him seethe when we raise it , particularly in public . " In a later cable , she said that Mubarak "  harkens back to the Shah of Iran : the U.S. encouraged him to accept reforms , only to watch the country fall into the hands of revolutionary religious extremists . " The Egyptian president relied on his interior minister and intelligence service to "  keep the domestic beasts at bay , and Mubarak is not one to lose sleep over their tactics . " The U.S. cables display frustration with Mubarak 's reluctance to address human rights issues , with one in 2008 saying : "  While Egypt has made some limited gains over the last several years , such as on freedom of the press , progress overall has been slow . " In a later cable , Scobey suggested the new U.S. Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton "  may wish to lay down a marker for a future discussion on democratization and human rights concerns . " But given Mubarak 's sensitivities , the U.S. has trodden carefully in pressing the Egyptian government on human rights . A cable from 2009 said the United States now avoided "  the public confrontations that had become routine over the past several years " over human rights . Over the past five years , the cables reveal a growing unease with the lack of a succession plan , and apprehension about the prospect of Mubarak 's younger son , Gamal , taking over from his father . As far back as April 2006 , one cable observed that Mubarak 's wife , Suzanne , was their son 's "  most ardent booster " but added : "  The possibility that Gamal might succeed his father remains deeply unpopular on the street . " It adds that "  unlike his father ,  Gamal  can not take the military 's support for granted , " having never served as an officer . But the same cable laments the lack of obvious contenders to succeed the aging Mubarak -- a situation that appears to hold today . Scobey wrote in apparent frustration two years ago that Mubarak "  seems to be trusting to God and the ubiquitous military and civilian security services to ensure an orderly transition . " Recent events may have eroded that confidence , but one cable in 2007 pointed out that Egypt 's internal security apparatus , "  an estimated 1.4 million strong , is at least twice the size it was under Sadat ... and makes any kind of violent change of leader unlikely . " That perspective is now being challenged -- and the role of the military may be critical in deciding the outcome . A cable from 2008 cites Egyptian experts as describing a "  disgruntled mid-level officer corps " with military salaries falling far behind the civilian sector and the top brass averse to Gamal succeeding his father . Egyptian commentators also noted that many officers were frustrated that loyalty to the regime trumped competence , and that the best military talent was sidelined in case it should pose a threat to the government . Even so , one cable concludes : "  The military still remains a potent political and economic force . " After discussing whether the military might step in to prevent Mubarak from passing the baton to his son , the cable concludes : "  In a messier succession scenario , however , it becomes more difficult to predict the military 's actions . "	A CNN analysis of secret cables published by WikiLeaks reveals U.S. frustration U.S. has concerns over economic reform , Mubarak 's lack of succession planning Cables also reveal Washington sees Egypt as an important and -- until now -- stable ally
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lankan soldiers seized a key rebel stronghold over the weekend , as humanitarian agencies feared for the safety of civilians . Sri Lankan troops at Elephant Pass , the isthmus that connects north Jaffna peninsula to rest of the country . "  It 's an incredibly serious situation , " James Elder , a U.N. spokesman , said Monday . "  We have a very large number of people , including tens of thousands of children , trapped in a fast-shrinking conflict zone . " Government forces took the area in a surprise attack early Sunday , the head of Sri Lanka 's army announced . Troops crossed a lagoon and entered the town of Mullaittivu before encountering heavy resistance from Tamil fighters , according to the government-run news agency . "  Our troops fought their way through a 40 km  25 mile  thick jungle track , " Lt. Gen. Sarath Fonseka said in a televised address Sunday . "  This is the long-awaited victory and I am happy to say that our heroic forces today captured the Mullaittivu town after 12 years , " he said . There has been no confirmation from the rebels that the strategic garrison has been overtaken . The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  -- commonly known as the Tamil Tigers -- have fought for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 . The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead . The rebels gained control over Mullaittivu in 1996 and established a military garrison there , according to the government . In recent days , the military has made significant progress in its campaign to recapture rebel strongholds . Earlier this month , troops regained control of the northern town of Elephant Pass , the point at which mainland Sri Lanka links to the northern Jaffna peninsula . It had been in rebel hands for more than nine years . The recapture enabled the government to use a highway linking the mainland to the peninsula to move troops and supplies . Previously , it was done by air and sea . "  The area that the LTTE has dominated has shrank phenomenally , " Sri Lankan High Commissioner to India , C.R Jayasinghe , told CNN . "  They lost ... about 90 percent of what they had . " Despite major government gains , critics point to ongoing civilian casualties resultant from the conflict . "  This is a critical moment in the conflict when the space for these people has shrunk , " Elder said . The United Nations is "  calling on the ... Tamil Tigers to meet their international responsibilities and guarantee that these very large civilian populations to move freely and then can move away from the conflict and to areas where they can receive appropriate assistance , " Elder said . "  Some Sri Lankan U.N. staff are trapped there , " he said in a Sunday interview . "  Convoys are going to the area , delivering emergency supplies , but these are not sufficient for the number of people in need . " Sri Lankan authorities are barring journalists and humanitarian aid workers from areas where heavy fighting is taking place . Amnesty International spokesman Shuransu Mishra estimated that "  over a quarter of a million of the population , mostly Tamils , are trapped between the two sides . " The organization says greater access and protection for aid workers and journalists are needed as news agencies struggle to report an accurate picture of the conflict . "  The Sri Lankan authorities are doing little to ensure the safety of the country 's media , or to prosecute those responsible for murdering or attacking them , " Amnesty International spokeswoman Yolanda Foster said in a written statement on Friday . The Sri Lankan authorities "  are also directly responsible for subjecting journalists to harassment and interrogation , " she said . At least 14 journalists have been killed since the start of 2006 , according to the statement . Others have been driven from the country by death threats , or in fear of detention and torture by government authorities , it said .	Government forces took the area in a surprise attack early Sunday Rebel Tamil Tigers gained control over Mullaittivu in 1996 Earlier this month troops regained control of key northern town of Elephant Pass Tamils want independent homeland , war since 1983 has left more than 70,000 dead
Washington  CNN  -- The State Department is using cutting-edge data gathering technology to help keep the peace in some areas and keep violence from flaring in others , saving both physical and fiscal costs of conflict . "  We are about breaking and interrupting , stopping and preventing atrocities and destabilizing violence , for the good of the people in the countries where we work , as well as the good of the American people , " said Jerry White , deputy assistant secretary for partnerships and learning in state 's newly formed Conflict and Stabilization Operation  CSO  office . White , a Nobel laureate , encountered first-hand consequences of miscalculated foreign policy decisions , violence , and instability , when he lost a leg to a land mine during a hike in Israel in 1984 . That led him to co-found Survivor Corps , which is the first international network of survivors helping survivors to recover from war , rebuild their communities , and break cycles of violence . CSO analyzes "  large data sets " as well as "  civil society " generated data -- essentially the sum of patterns , human behaviors , electronic signals , social media elements and everything tangible that creates masses of technological and non-technological data . "  As observers of patterns , data , and focal points , we look at violence as an epidemic that can ultimately spread , " White said . "  As interrupters of violence , by using the nuances such as data analytics we now have the technology to prevent , interrupt and break these cycles of violence . " Iraq and Afghanistan State Department officials said they did n't want to speculate the "  should have , could have , would haves , " but Mark Abdollahian , a political-scientist and co-creator of "  Senturion " , a "  large data " predictive analysis tool , says otherwise . In conjunction with the National Defense University , Abdollahian ran a forecast using big data analytics during the run-up to the war in Iraq , which was a fairly accurate preview of where the conflict would go . Abdollahian 's model anticipated what the Iraqi and international political support would look like if the United States went into Iraq with and without the United Nations support . It found very early on that if the United States entered Iraq on its own , "  it would be the ultimate source of Iraqi sectarian and domestic violence . " It also predicted "  the situation in Iraq would worsen throughout 2003 and 2004 in terms of Iraqi attitudes toward the U.S. presence as well as insurgent activity , " said Abdollahian , whose Senturion model is now used by White and his team at CSO . The model produced very specific predictions about the behavior of factions and accurately predicted the timing of defections as well as the potential support from unexpected allies -- such as the specific behavior of Shia leaders after Saddam Hussein 's regime collapsed â $ " to the point of even accurate sequencing of defections among different factions . "  When we published our findings with NDU , everyone was asking how we did this -- questioning whether or not we had inside deals . And we simply responded by saying we only looked at patterns , behaviors , and ran data -- yet everyone was shocked , " Abdollahian recalled . An alternative to ` top-down ' approach Both White and Abdollahian believe that this "  large data analytic technology " provides a "  focal point " and identifies the players in what Abdollahian calls a political "  tug of war . " Software allows analysts to map "  different people , players , stakeholders , and people with interests , in various targeted political landscapes . " Then the computer chip tracks interactions among these elements -- Abdollahian 's "  tug of war " -- and therefore "  anticipates if people are going to agree , and if so , what are the compromises , and if not , what are the potential outcomes . " The technology allows U.S. policymakers to frame responses in a timely manner and avoid conflicts that might require the introduction of military forces , reducing the cost in both money and casualties by identifying innovative courses of action that may have not been spotted without the use of this new technology . White suggests the data-driven approach is somewhat contrary to the conventional "  top-down " wisdom , since "  many believe that it take decades to get into conflicts and consequently it would take the same amount to come out . " Amir Bagherpour , a senior analyst at CSO and former student of Abdollahian , suggests "  mixing new technologies with conventional methods of developing policy strategies , creates "  pockets of hope that allow advanced planning around the patterns of violence for the future . " AB Paul , cyber strategist and former policy adviser at the Pentagon and the U.S. Central Command , believes that people 's emotions are a pivotal element in data analysis and capturing these human elements are a huge challenge . "  If you could apply human judgments , it 's wonderful , otherwise substituting human judgment and talent with computing analytics does not work , " Paul said . Paul 's argument is central to what White and Bagherpour regard as pivotal element in their work at the CSO . "  The key to success is to combine this nuance and technology with the invaluable talent , knowledge and human power of our diplomats and civilian responders through a comprehensive team effort , " Bagherpour said . Decoding Syria One of the main areas of focus for the year-old agency is Syria , which is similar to many less-developed countries that lack cyber data availability . Gary Shiffman , a former chief of staff of customs and border protection at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security , said "  you want data to allow you to see " life 's normal patterns . "  So this model can work as effective both in developed countries as well as undeveloped countries , " said Shiffman , who is now president of Giant Oaks , a consulting firm that provides big data analytics for national and homeland security interests . Shiffman suggests useful data in less developed countries can be found in "  economic data -- what people are buying in stores , what cars are they driving , what kind of phones are they using , refugee flows , the direction of their move , mobile use . " Both Shiffman and White believe traditional data and civil society patterns can be as valuable for data analytic forecasts as cyber data that 's more prevalent in developed countries . "  In the case of Syria , we look at trends , where the business leaders gather , what they talk about , where are the religious leaders ; we follow sermons , political and religious statements , public meetings , statements in commerce and business areas , " White said , suggesting that through this accumulation of information , they see connections in Damascus , Turkey and elsewhere and can project connections within the region . CSO 's analysis of large data and civil society enabled the Syrian opposition to build mass-communications and improve internal and external communications networks and develop civilian leadership capacity for if there 's a change in government . Introducing new narratives In a post-Gadhafi Libya , White said the United States and its allies were under the impression that "  militias " were one of the big problems in that country . As a result , White and his team "  dug down and looked at who are these militias ? Where are they located ? And how is the pattern of violence manifested ? " through the study of human patterns and civil-society data-gathering . "  Libyan streets became our study ground , as did civil society and social media , " White said . By using large data analysis in a strategic effort to advance stability in Libya , "  it was not your typical police , but rather the Libyan civil society that was the antidote to the militia violence , " White said . By looking at social networking , open sources and the civil society , analysts got a better picture of Libyans ' attitude toward Americans , which helped "  understand trend lines against Americans â $ " that potentially led us to learn that Libyans were simply horrified -- Libyans were actually horrified -- by the killing of Ambassador Chris Stevens , " White said of the U.S. diplomat who was killed in a terror attack on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi last September . Moving forward , White suggests that by looking at these reactions , instead of a military and counter terrorism approach , we can build-up "  myth-busters " and thus introduce new narratives that can help prevent violence , not just in only Libya , but the region at large . Thousands of miles away from where the Arab Spring bloomed , CSO is applying similar methods in Kenya , where more than 1,000 people were killed and 350,000 displaced after the 2007 elections . Last year White and his team integrated similar patterns of large data analysis to help Kenyans prevent violence during last month 's elections . North Korea is another conflicted area that remains a pivotal threat not only for the United States but also for the rest of the world . Both Abdollahian and Raphael Carland , director of partnerships and communication at CSO , say the area lacks readily available "  information clouds " that make up the first layer of large data analysis . But by using its analytical tools , it 's possible to fill in data gaps by correlating conditions in comparable environments . Preventing another Boston There is also strong potential in using large data analytics in the United States to help forecast terror attacks like the bombing at the Boston Marathon two weeks ago . "  Absolutely we can make this work domestically in the U.S. , however the challenge is that people guard their privacy from the government very closely , so then we might face privacy-issue challenges when running human patterns and large data in the States , " Shiffman said .	Analyzing human behavior , social media , other data points a State Department tool Modeling looked at Iraq , Syria , Libya , North Korea and other hot spots Data-driven approach is contrary to conventional "  top-down " wisdom Potential to use data analytics in the United States to help forecast terror attacks
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- An experienced diver and master sergeant in the South Korean navy died Tuesday while conducting rescue efforts for 46 seamen who were aboard a patrol ship when it sank , a military official said . The 53-year-old chief master sergeant lost consciousness while underwater in the Yellow Sea , the official said . He was taken aboard a U.S. Navy ship , the USS Salvor , but could not be resuscitated . The 1,200-ton patrol ship Cheonan was carrying 104 sailors when an apparent explosion caused it to capsize Friday night in the Yellow Sea near a disputed maritime border between North and South Korea . Fifty-eight sailors were rescued shortly after the ship capsized , but hopes are fading for the remaining 46 . No bodies or survivors have been found since the 58 . U.S. divers were on the scene Tuesday and were observing the situation , according to the official . The U.S. divers plan to enter the water on Wednesday , he said . Efforts were under way to pump air into the ship 's stern , and ropes were also being attached to the ship to provide divers with some guidance while underwater , the official said . Visibility is poor -- only about a meter  3 feet  -- and the current is about 5 knots  5 mph  . South Korean divers were struggling to gain access to stern of the ship , where most of the missing crew members are believed to be , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported Tuesday . Defense officials told the news agency access to the stern was hampered by the current . Monday evening was the end of a 69-hour window during which rescuers believed the sailors could survive . Divers have knocked on the hulls of different parts of the ship with hammers , but raised no response . South Koreans have held out hope the crewmen might be rescued , but by Tuesday hopes for a happy ending were fading . Meanwhile , officials were no closer Tuesday to determining the cause of the explosion that sunk the Cheonan . The country 's defense minister has said it could have been caused by an old mine . Kim Tae-young told a meeting of the parliamentary defense committee on Monday that one of the many North Korean sea mines placed during the 1950-53 Korean War could have triggered the blast . Yonhap has quoted military officials as saying that the explosion tore a hole in the rear of the ship , shutting off the engine . Citing accounts of rescued sailors who handled the ship 's radar , Kim said they reported no signs of a torpedo attack ahead of the explosion . The navy plans to salvage the vessel , which was carrying missiles and torpedoes , to determine what caused the incident , Yonhap reported . President Lee Myung-bak has called for a thorough investigation into the cause of the explosion . Baengyeong Island , the Seoul-administered island near the scene of the accident , is a flash point maritime border area between the Koreas . Given Baengyeong Island 's proximity to North Korea , North Korean involvement was feared , but South Korean officials have played down that scenario . North Korea 's official media has yet to mention the incident , according to Yonhap , but accused the United States and South Korea of conducting a maritime drill for the purpose of invading North Korea . "  Military tension is intensifying on the Korean Peninsula due to the brazen moves by the U.S. and its war-mongering puppets to provoke a war , " North Korea 's official Korean Central News Agency said , as reported by Yonhap . Journalist Andrew Salmon contributed to this report for CNN .	NEW : U.S. divers plan to enter water on Wednesday , official says Diver lost consciousness while underwater during rescue and could not be revived Rescue teams searching for 46 South Korean sailors missing after Friday explosion 58 seamen were rescued soon after blast ; no bodies or survivors found since then
CNN  -- While such situations are rare , the puzzling disappearance of the Malaysian jetliner is not the first time a plane has vanished without a trace . Here are nine cases of mysterious plane disappearances and disasters . Some remain unsolved , decades later . 2014 : Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 The Boeing 777 passenger jet vanished early Saturday , about an hour into its flight from the Malaysian capital to Beijing . There was no distress call before contact with it was lost over the sea between Malaysia and Vietnam . Search teams from various nations are combing the waters on the Malay Peninsula for traces of it , but so far , nothing has been found . The mystery over the fate of the jet and the 239 people aboard has baffled government officials and aviation experts . 2009 : Air France Flight 447 The Airbus A330 took off from Rio de Janeiro en route to Paris on May 31 , 2009 . A few hours later , as it crossed the Atlantic , it told control center its position . That was the last contact with the plane . Its last known position -- two to four days by ship from the nearest ports -- and the ocean 's depth hindered searches . It took almost two years before the bulk of the wreckage , the majority of bodies , and the voice and data recorders were recovered . All 228 aboard died . In 2012 , French authorities said ice crystals disrupted the system used to determine the plane 's airspeed , causing the autopilot to disconnect . The plane plunged into the ocean . 2003 : Boeing 727 Eleven years ago , a Boeing 727 vanished in the Angolan capital of Luanda . The plane took off from the Quatro de Fevereiro International Airport on May 25 , 2003 , headed for Burkina Faso . It departed with its lights off and a dysfunctional transponder . There are conflicting reports on the number of people in the company jet , but flight engineer Ben Charles Padilla is believed to be one of them . Some reports say he was alone , while others say three people were aboard . The plane has not been heard from since . Its whereabouts are unknown to this day . 1999 : EgyptAir Flight 990 Fifteen years ago , EgyptAir Flight 990 made a rapid descent , plunging almost 14,000 feet in 36 seconds . The 767 jet , en route to Cairo from New York City , crashed into the Atlantic Ocean off the Massachusetts coast . Though its debris was later found , speculation remains on the cause of the October 1999 crash that killed all 217 people aboard . Theories included a possible suicide by the pilot or co-pilot , complete with tales of a chaotic struggle for controls in the cockpit . Egypt said it was a mechanical failure . 1996 : TWA Flight 800 The Paris-bound plane exploded in midair shortly after takeoff from New York City , killing all 230 people aboard . Witnesses said they saw a streak of light and a fireball , leading to suspicions that terrorists struck the plane with a rocket . Others blamed a meteor or a missile . The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that the explosion was caused by an electrical short circuit , which detonated the fuel tank and caused the Boeing 747 to break into pieces in the waters off Long Island . Despite the explanation , conspiracy theories of a government coverup abound . 1947 : British Stardust Sixty-seven years ago , a British aircraft vanished in the Argentine Andes after takeoff from Buenos Aires , headed to Chile . After searches for the plane named Stardust turned up nothing for more than 50 years , conspiracy theorists jumped into action . But theories of aliens , among others , were invalidated in 2000 , when the wreckage of the plane was found buried deep in a glacier . The crash on August 2 , 1947 , killed 11 people , the BBC reported . Stardust 's final Morse code transmission was the word "  STENDEC . " Decades later , the meaning of the word remains a mystery . 1945 : Flight 19 Navy bombers Flight 19 does not refer to a single plane , but to five Navy bombers that disappeared off the Florida coast on December 5 , 1945 . A flight instructor flew one plane , and qualified pilots with 350 to 400 hours of flight time were in the others , according to the Naval History and Heritage Command . Radio transmissions indicated that the instructor got lost when compasses malfunctioned . Radio contact was lost before the exact problem was determined , and no traces of the planes were ever found . Adding to the mystery , a search aircraft sent to look for Flight 19 also disappeared . The patrol plane , which took off later that day , has not been seen or heard from since . Flight 19 was reported in the area informally known as the Bermuda Triangle . 1942 : British fighter A stray Royal Air Force fighter crashed in the blistering sands of the Egyptian Sahara on June 28 , 1942 . Its pilot was never heard from again , and the damaged P-40 Kittyhawk was presumed lost forever . But two years ago , an oil company worker discovered it 70 years after the accident . Surprisingly , it was extraordinarily well-preserved , and most of its fuselage , wings , tail and cockpit instruments were intact . Back then , experts say , planes flew with basic supplies , so its pilot 's chances of survival were not good . 1937 : Amelia Earhart The disappearance of Amelia Earhart is possibly the most famous unsolved aircraft mystery . The groundbreaking aviator was on her most ambitious flight , vying to become the first woman to fly around the world . In 1937 , she attempted the voyage in her twin-engine Lockheed Electra . With about 7,000 miles left to go , she made a challenging landing at Howland Island in the mid-Pacific . Her radio transmissions became unclear , and the last thing she reported over her radio was , "  We are running north and south , " according to her biography . After spending $ 4 million and searching 250,000 square miles of ocean , the U.S. called off its search . Many theories exist today , but her fate and that of navigator Fred Noonan remain unknown . INTERACTIVE : What happened to Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ?	This is not the first time a plane has vanished without a trace Eleven years ago , a Boeing 727 went missing in Angola In 1945 , five Navy bombers disappeared on the Florida coast , never to be seen again While wreckage of some has been found , mysteries remain on the causes of the crashes
As ISIS continues its campaign in both Syria and Iraq , a group called Samaritan 's Purse is hoping shoeboxes filled with gifts might give comfort to refugees of the crisis . On a sunny but windy day on the tarmac of Baltimore-Washington International Airport , volunteers from the group loaded pallets filled with some 60,000 boxes of gifts onto a 747-jet . Those boxes contain everything from hand-written notes of well-wishes to furry toy ponies . They 'll end up in Kurdish-controlled northern Iraq where they will be distributed to children living in refugee camps in both Iraq and Syria as part of "  Operation Christmas Child . " Children from the U.S. , U.K. and Canada filled the boxes . Though exact numbers are hard to come by , the United Nations estimates there are over a million refugees displaced in Syria and Iraq . President and CEO of Samaritan 's Purse Franklin Graham says it 's important to try and help these refugees who have almost no hope otherwise . "  Most of them are children , " Graham said . "  About 70 % of Syrian refugees are children . And they 've fled with just the clothes on their back , they have nothing . " And it 's not just Iraq and Syria where Samaritan 's Purse has focused their attention . Kids in more than 150 countries have received over a hundred million boxes since 1993 . Samaritan 's Purse is a Christian organization headed up by the son of one of the most famous Christian evangelists in the country , Billy Graham . Sometimes these packages can have more than just short-term effects . Franklin Graham told the story of then seven-year-old Tyler Wolfe who in the year 2000 sent a Christmas shoebox gift to a child named Joana Marchan in the Philippines . With the power of the internet and a few long plane rides over a decade later , the two eventually connected in-person and married in October .	Volunteers helped load 60,000 boxes of gifts to bring to refugees worldwide Those include those displaced by the ISIS campaign in Iraq and Syria Samaritan 's Purse is a Christian organization headed up by the son of Billy Graham
CNN  On the surface , the mix-up seems incomprehensible : How can a volunteer sheriff 's deputy accidentally fire a handgun instead of a Taser , killing a man ? That 's apparently what happened in Tulsa , Oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , Robert Bates , killed Eric Harris . Bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead . "  Oh ! I shot him . I 'm sorry , " Bates said in a video of the shooting . But it 's happened before . In a well-publicized 2009 case , a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer fired his gun instead of his Taser , killing 22-year-old Oscar Grant in Oakland , California . The former officer , Johannes Mehserle , testified that he had meant to use his Taser but drew his gun instead . Mehserle was sentenced to two years in prison for involuntary manslaughter but was released early due to good conduct . So how easy -- or hard -- is it to draw and fire a handgun mistakenly instead of a Taser ? Here are some factors to consider : Law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body , and the Taser should be placed on the nondominant side . So if an officer is left-handed , the gun should be on the left side . Bates ' attorney said his client is left-handed . But the reserve deputy said his gun was holstered on his right side -- his nondominanant side . "  I shoot long guns left handed and handguns right handed , " Bates said in a written statement to investigators . After Bates announced at the scene he was going to use his Taser , he "  used his nondominant hand , and it was the gun , " said Clark Brewster , Bates ' attorney . "  He said that he saw the laser sight on the shoulder , assumed it was the Taser , " Brewster said . "  Both the gun and the Taser have a laser sight , and he just made a mistake . " Brewster also said his client 's left hand was holding a pepper gun . In his statement to investigators , Bates said he had grabbed a "  pepper ball launcher " to try to slow or stop Harris , who was running away . Bates did not say explicitly where the Taser was on his body . But he admitted to grabbing the wrong device and said he was "  startled " by the recoil of the gun . "  After realizing what had happened I was in a state of shock and disbelief , " he told investigators . Bates is now charged with second-degree manslaughter . If convicted , he faces up to four years in prison . Deputy who shot Eric Harris turns himself in Bates was carrying his personal gun , a Smith & Wesson .357 five-shot revolver , and a Model X26 Taser , he said in his statement to investigators . Attorneys representing the Harris family said there are stark differences between the two devices . One held up a small black .357 revolver , followed by a mostly bright yellow Taser that was noticeably larger than the gun . "  There 's no way an officer can get this confused with this , " said one of the attorneys from the law firm of Smolen , Smolen & Roytman . Taser 's X26 model comes in different designs . Some are mostly yellow , while others are mostly black with a yellow panel in the middle . But all appear to be larger than Smith & Wesson .357 five-shot revolvers . Sgt. Jim Clark of the Tulsa Police Department -- which is separate from the county sheriff 's office for which Bates volunteered -- said Bates was the "  victim " of something called "  slip and capture . " That 's when a person intends to do one thing but instead does another in a high-stress situation . But a criminal justice expert told CNN the claim amounts to "  junk science . " "  There 's no peer-reviewed articles that would support this . ... It 's not generally accepted by the scientific community , " said Phil Stinson , an assistant professor of criminal justice at Bowling Green State University . "  So it 's something that in most courts would not be admissible as evidence . " An attorney for the Harris family said the "  slip and capture " theory has n't held up in court . "  The only time slip and capture has ever been used as a defense was in the shooting in Oakland  of Oscar Grant  , " the attorney said . And that defense failed . Tasers are built to feel and look different than guns , according to Taser International . Steve Tuttle , vice president for strategic communications at Taser , noted some of those differences to CNN : A gun is heavier . A Taser has a different grip and feel . When you take the safety off on a Taser , an LED control panel lights up . There 's more : Tasers can be different colors  yellow or black  , and the holster is different from a gun 's . But in the field , where an officer reacts on instinct , there are other distinctions outside of the product itself that are important , Tuttle said . Taser 's training calls for the stun gun to be placed on an officer 's nondominant side , as law enforcement experts say . And its training suggests that officers shout aloud , "  Taser ! Taser ! Taser ! " as they prepare to deploy it . These guidelines are designed so that in the moment -- when an officer 's muscle memory kicks in -- the body reflexively knows which weapon it is reaching for . It is up to each law enforcement department , however , in how it trains personnel and what regulations it requires as far as placement on the body . The company declined to comment on the Tulsa shooting in particular . The stun guns , or conducted electrical weapons , manufactured by Taser have been used more than 2.7 million times , Tuttle said , and are designed to be used in situations that are not considered life or death . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Brooke Baldwin , Ed Lavandera and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Attorney : Robert Bates assumed the gun was a Taser because he saw a laser sight on it Harris family lawyers say there are stark differences between the gun and Taser used In 2009 , an officer in California also said he mistakenly used his gun instead of a Taser
CNN  -- It was just after 5 a.m. on a cold November morning in 2011 when Kenneth Chamberlain Sr. , a 68-year-old former Marine with a severe heart condition , accidentally set off a medical alert pendant . An ambulance was dispatched to Chamberlain 's White Plains , New York , apartment , though police who respond to such calls as a matter of routine arrived ahead of the emergency medical workers . Within the hour , Chamberlain , who is black , lay dying -- from two rounds fired into his upper body by a white police officer . What led to the shooting of Chamberlain is the subject of a grand jury hearing underway this month , and a matter of heated debate between the White Plains Police Department and Chamberlain 's family and friends . Police say Chamberlain came at them with a butcher knife when they broke down the door after he refused to open it ; the family claims the elderly Chamberlain was unarmed , and that he told police through the closed door that he did not need any assistance . In wake of the case of Trayvon Martin , the unarmed , black 17-year-old who was shot and killed in Sanford , Florida , by a neighborhood watch volunteer , the Chamberlain case has gained national interest -- and national media attention . More than 206,000 people have signed an online petition demanding "  Justice for Kenneth Chamberlain Sr. , " with many signatories drawing similarities between the case and that of Martin . The petition , started by Chamberlain 's son , Kenneth Jr. , calls for Westchester District Attorney Janet DiFiore to charge the officers involved in the shooting with murder and civil rights violations . "  I am sorry for your loss . An outrage of the magnitude of Trayvon Martin , " Karen Goodwin of Dover , New Hampshire , wrote on the petition . Much of the controversy surrounds audio and video recordings made in the minutes before the November 19 shooting . The medical alert device recorded much of the conversation between police and Chamberlain , according to Kenneth Chamberlain Jr. , who said authorities played the audio and video for the family in the aftermath of the shooting . "  You hear one of the officers use expletive and said that he did n't give an F. Used the N-word , " he said . Law enforcement sources confirmed to CNN 's Soledad O'Brien that racial slurs are clearly heard on the audio tape . Chamberlain 's niece , Tonya Greenhill , who lived next door , said she heard police banging on her uncle 's door that morning . Greenhill , who has been called to testify before the grand jury , said she told police that her uncle accidentally set off his medical alert device and that they should allow his family to talk to him , to calm him down . "  I continued to hear my uncle begging and pleading to please leave him alone , " Greenhill told O'Brien . "  I just keep hearing my uncle respond ` Please leave me alone , go away . I did n't call you . I do n't need your help . ' " According to a police report , the officers contend Chamberlain put a hatchet through a gap in the front door as officers were trying to pry it open . A video tape recorded by a surveillance camera in the hallway outside the apartment , and another recorded by a camera mounted on a Taser -- both shown to the family by the district attorney -- show that he is unarmed , Chamberlain 's son said . Neither video show the shooting . The video from the Taser cut out after it was used . Police contend they attempted to subdue Chamberlain first with non-lethal force . "  The officers first used an electronic Taser , which was discharged , hit the victim , and had no effect . While the officers were retreating , the officers then used a bean bag shotgun , " said David Chong , a White Plains police spokesman . When that failed to stop Chamberlain , an officer opened fire . The officer has been identified as Anthony Carelli . Chong said his office is cooperating with a grand jury investigation , but would not say whether Carelli continues to be on patrol . Carelli 's lawyers say he is a decorated officer who followed procedures . "  We trust that the grand jury will rightfully determine that Officer Carelli 's actions , while perhaps not understandable or acceptable to the family members , attorneys and other emissaries of the Chamberlain family , were justified under our laws , " Carelli 's attorney Andrew C. Quinn told CNN in a written statement . An autopsy report , obtained by CNN , shows the gunshots hit Chamberlain in the side of the arm , indicating he either was not facing the officers or had turned away . Westchester County is an affluent suburb north of New York City , though Chamberlain lived in a one-bedroom apartment in a public housing project in White Plains -- a commercial hub of roughly 60,000 . "  I think that what happened that night is that Mr. Chamberlain happened to live in public housing and we had police officers who gave him a command to open the door and when he did n't acknowledge their command , really became very agitated and angry because he was defying what they asked him to do , " Chamberlain attorney Randy McLaughlin said on "  AC360 . " "  They forgot that they were there to deal with a medical emergency . You have here a 68-year-old man who has served this country in Vietnam for six years , and a 20-year retired member of the Department of Corrections for Westchester County who died , but did n't have to die . " The Chamberlains have filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the police department . The shooting death also prompted Westchester County residents to start a "  Network for Police Accountability , " which calls on the police department to publicize how and when its officers may use deadly force . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	The case is drawing parallels to the shooting of Trayvon Martin Kenneth Chamberlain accidentally set off a medical alert device , his family says Police say they shot Chamberlain after he came at them with a knife The family says video and audio recordings prove he was unarmed
CNN  -- The runner-up in Mexico 's presidential election announced Thursday that he was filing a legal challenge to invalidate the vote . Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of the Democratic Revolution Party has said that presumptive President-elect Enrique Pena Nieto and his party bought millions of votes in the election , an accusation that party officials have denied . Lopez Obrador has said a partial recount was not enough to erase his doubts about the vote . "  To proceed in another way would be to give up our fundamental rights , " Lopez Obrador told reporters at a news conference . A tally of returns released by Mexico 's Federal Election Institute last week confirmed that Pena Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , received 38.21 % of the votes . Lopez Obrador garnered 31.59 % of the votes , election officials said . The tally has been completed , but the results remain unofficial until the country 's electoral tribunal ratifies them . The tribunal will have until September 6 to complete its investigation and ratify -- or reverse -- the election results . The new president will be sworn in on December 1 . Lopez Obrador has criticized the election and refused to concede repeatedly over the past week , echoing comments he made in 2006 when election authorities said the leftist candidate narrowly lost the presidential vote to Felipe Calderon . After that election , the former Mexico City mayor claimed election fraud and never conceded . Back then , Lopez Obrador called himself "  the legitimate president of Mexico , " and his supporters protested nationwide . In Mexico City , they staged sit-ins and blockades . Officials have called this year 's election the most transparent in Mexico 's history . It was the first election in which scanned copies of district-by-district election returns were posted on the Internet . But accusations have arisen of electoral manipulation by the PRI . Opponents of the PRI said they have video and photo evidence of the party buying votes through thousands of cards that could be redeemed for products at a chain of supermarkets . The PRI has called the claims a farce and accused political opponents of staging the videos and photographs purported to show vote-buying . CNN 's Samira Said and Nick Parker contributed to this report .	Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador is refusing to concede in the presidential election He says he is filing a legal challenge because of allegations of vote-rigging Election officials : Enrique Pena Nieto won 38.21 % of the votes , to Lopez Obrador 's 31.59 % The results remain unofficial until the country 's electoral tribunal ratifies them
CNN  -- When I was a child I had an illustrated chart of all the kings and queens of England on my bedroom wall . I loved that poster : There was moody King Alfred sighing over burnt cakes , fat , arrogant Henry VIII , Queen Elizabeth I with her inscrutable half-smile , Charles II hiding in the tree . They were live and vivid stories of heroism , frailty , failure , fealty , attached to real ruins that real families  including ours  seemed to trudge off to engage with at weekends -- thanks to the National Trust . To me they were a kind of half-fantasy . Factually real , but entirely constructed in my imagination . No wonder then , that historical novels have such an enduring appeal -- the latest blockbuster on the life of Katherine Parr is about to hit our shelves . For the writer imagining what it must have been "  really like " back then is a huge part of the appeal . The late author Christopher Hitchens called the royal family our "  national fetish . " Shrunk now from the awesome Tudor kingdoms , the current royal family now has a largely "  soft " social and tabloid power , and any negative mention of the royals , especially by someone who has been as handsomely rewarded as Mantel by the establishment , is met with screams of utter hysterical disapproval . Read more : Author 's description of Catherine as ` machine-made ' doll sparks angry reactions If you read the original article it 's an erudite , writerly essay that speculates about the national drama that is the royal family , and acknowledges -- much like the spectacle that is playing out at the Vatican -- that the royal family is pure theater with real living human beings playing out these arcane rituals stuck in the middle . Mantel is not actually calling Kate a "  jointed doll , " she is suggesting that the duchess 's public image -- the role she plays in the collective psyche -- has overtaken the real person , much like it did with Diana , Princess of Wales . But the fact that the Daily Mail and other conservative commentators have broken out in such a bad case of shrill hysteria in the face of this examination of the author 's mixed feelings about the royal family is quite amusing , actually , because it sounds so utterly insincere . Aside from the fact that Kate is pregnant and the Mail needs to keep her in the headlines , such is their fawning need to be seen as the courtiers-in-chief , there is also a question of why Mantel 's essay has caused such a fuss . It 's almost like someone has just told all the children that Santa is not real . Mantel is merely pointing out that Catherine is not really a duchess , just a woman who agreed through marriage to play this role , which few would wish to have for all the kingdoms in the world -- all that suffocating attention . Read more : Duchess of Cambridge -- from college sweetheart to queen in waiting Mantel , like all good novelists , understands the power of the imagination to create reality : all she is doing is pointing out the drama that the royal family play out on a national stage . We agree as a nation , to believe in the royal family -- why ? Because we always have ? This is the really interesting question and the one that Mantel was asking . That she should be met with such opprobrium for asking it suggests something interesting about the national psyche . In the absence of any real national culture the royal family is increasingly the obsession of the English -- the Scots and the Welsh would take independence if they could have it . They are expensive , anachronistic , a sentimental link in a chain to a collective history -- a bit like a living breathing monument . But the issue about whose nation they represent , and what they are really for remains louder than ever . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Juila Bell .	Award-winning novelist Hilary Mantel described the Duchess of Cambridge as "  machine-made " Mantel 's comments have sparked criticism , including from UK Prime Minister David Cameron Julia Bell argues that Mantel has been misinterpreted by a press wanting headlines She says the novelist was asking why Britain needs to "  believe in " the royal family
CNN  Nearly five months ago , President Obama spoke to the nation from the White House and declared : "  Our objective is clear . We will degrade , and ultimately destroy , ISIL  also known as ISIS  through a comprehensive and sustained counterterrorism strategy . " Since then , the United States has provided advisers to the Iraqi military in its fight with ISIS and has bombed ISIS positions . But in an interview with CNN last week , outgoing Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel raised the prospect that the United States might need to expand its involvement . This week , ISIS has again dominated headlines and TV news coverage around the world with the release of a video allegedly showing Jordanian pilot Muath al-Kaseasbeh being burned alive after being captured by the group . This followed shortly after the apparent killing of two Japanese hostages . All of which raises the question : How is ISIS doing as it confronts the U.S.-led military campaign against it in both Iraq and Syria ? And should the United States get more actively involved on the front lines of the fight , at least in Iraq , where the government is pushing for greater American involvement in its fight against ISIS ? U.S. officials assert the coalition has killed more than 6,000 ISIS fighters since the start of the campaign . That 's a significant loss when you consider that ISIS currently has a core force of 9,000 to 18,000 fighters , according to U.S. intelligence estimates . U.S. officials also estimate that ISIS can also draw on manpower from other militant groups to bulk up to a force of around 30,000 . Gen , Lloyd Austin , the commander of U.S. Central Command who oversees the campaign against ISIS , said last week that as a result of the campaign of airstrikes the group is developing a "  manpower issue . " Balanced against this , however , is the fact ISIS continues to recruit at a fast clip . In October , U.S. officials estimated that there were around 1,000 recruits joining ISIS per month from overseas . Underlining the importance of that steady flow of ISIS recruits , the head of U.S. Special Operations Command , Gen. Joseph L. Votel , said last week that since the Syrian war began over three years ago , "  more than 19,000 foreign fighters from 90 different countries have traveled to Syria and Iraq . " So if the CENTCOM campaign is killing around 1,200 ISIS fighters a month and yet ISIS continues -- at least for the moment -- to recruit an estimated 1,000 fighters from overseas a month , the campaign against them has succeeded only to a modest degree . Hagel told CNN 's Barbara Starr last week it might be necessary to send noncombat American troops to help Iraqi troops on the front lines to fight ISIS . "  We have to look at all the options , and I think it may require a forward deployment of some of our troops -- not doing the fighting , not doing the combat work that we did at one time for six years in Iraq and we did for many , many years in Afghanistan , but to help airstrike precision  locate targets  , " he told Starr . Indeed , the introduction of American forward air controllers to call in precise U.S. airstrikes and of U.S. Special Forces embedded with Iraqi units on the front lines will ultimately be necessary if the goal of American policy is to defeat ISIS , rather than simply playing for a draw with the group , which is , de facto , the current Obama administration policy . On Friday , ISIS launched a surprise attack on Kirkuk in northern Iraq , the largely Kurdish city that is a key to Iraq 's oil production . The attack appears to be a strategic decision meant to draw Kurdish fighters away from Mosul , ISIS 's overall base in Iraq . ISIS has controlled Mosul , Iraq 's second largest city , since June , but in the past month , Kurdish forces have closed in around it . Kurdish authorities said last week that they 've cut a key supply line to ISIS in Mosul and have taken back some 300 square miles of land around the city from the group . Beyond the Mosul area , ISIS has lost ground in Iraq elsewhere . The Iraqi army pushed the group out of Diyala province , an important region close to Baghdad as well as more than 1,000 square miles in the Sinjar region in eastern Iraq . Further , a number of ISIS 's leaders have been killed in U.S. airstrikes . And in Syria last week , ISIS lost control of Kobani , a small town on the Syrian-Turkish border where many of the US-led airstrikes have been concentrated . But overall , ISIS is maintaining its ground in Syria in spite of those airstrikes . At least one-third of Syria is under ISIS 's control . A number of estimates suggest that ISIS controls a population of around 8 million people in Iraq and Syria . ISIS calls itself the Islamic State and while this may seem a tad pretentious it makes more sense when you realize the group presently lords over a population around the size of the population of Switzerland . Militants gain new allies despite setbacks At the same time , ISIS 's influence keeps growing around the Muslim world . In the past six months , ISIS has drawn into its fold some dozen militant groups from Algeria to Pakistan . These affiliates are n't wasting any time in carrying out attacks in the name of ISIS . On January 27 , gunmen claiming to be affiliated with ISIS attacked the Corinthia Hotel in Tripoli , Libya , which is favored by government officials and foreigners . They killed 10 people after storming into the lobby and firing guns at hotel guests . Five of the victims were foreigners , one an American . Two days later , at least 32 people were killed in a series of attacks on soldiers and police in Sinai in eastern Egypt . The terrorist group known as the Province of Sinai has claimed responsibility for the attacks and had pledged allegiance to ISIS in November . ISIS has recently claimed even more recruits , as it moved into new territory in Yemen , competing there with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  . A Yemeni official who spoke to CNN in January said that the AQAP cadre still significantly outnumbers those in ISIS , but the move into Yemen is significant for the group as it a country where al Qaeda has maintained a presence for more than a decade . Similarly , in Afghanistan in the southern province of Helmand , a cell of more than 300 fighters loyal to ISIS is led by a former Taliban commander , Mullah Abdul Rauf Khadim . Militant groups across the Muslim world see the success ISIS has had so far in Syria and Iraq and opt to join it -- often leaving behind organizations plagued by infighting . The perks they get in return for waving the black flag of ISIS include affiliation with the fastest-growing terrorist group on the planet and a bustling propaganda machine with a strong social media network . From Afghanistan to Libya , militant groups who once would have looked to al Qaeda for guidance now look to ISIS . The best way to begin to reverse this is to cripple ISIS in Iraq , where the group has shown itself to be the most adept terrorist group of the modern era , taking control of cities like Mosul , whose population numbers 1.5 million people . Urban warfare is the hardest kind of warfare and it 's hard to imagine that the Iraqi army and Kurdish forces will successfully pull off retaking Mosul on their own . Winning Mosul back from ISIS will be much more likely if the there are American air controllers calling in close air support strikes against ISIS positions and U.S. Special Forces working side by side with Iraqi units . Of course , there are risks associated with this . U.S. troops may be killed or injured , but there are also risks associated with the fact that the longer ISIS controls vast swaths of the Middle East , more and more foreign fighters will pour in from Western countries for training with the group and some will seek to bring their skills home to attack the West .	Bergen : Five months after Obama pledged to destroy ISIS , it still controls large territory and attracts support . He says Chuck Hagel may be right , that U.S. military may need to be near front lines
CNN  -- Not quite the whole sun will come up Sunday along the East Coast of the United States , but the partial solar eclipse will last less than two minutes . Photos : Skygazers see rare eclipse The eclipse will be under way at sunrise . While the moon 's shadow will cast a total eclipse over the view of the sun from parts of the Atlantic Ocean and Africa , the sun will look like a half-moon or three-quarter moon when sunrise gets to the American coast . By the time sunlight reaches as far inland as Atlanta , the eclipse will be just slightly noticeable . If you try to see the eclipse , be careful not to look at the sun directly . Space.com offers some tips on safe viewing .	Partial eclipse will last less than two minutes Total eclipse is only for parts of Atlantic Ocean and Africa
When Mr He , a 39-year-old furniture factory owner came down with flu symptoms late last year , he was n't worried . According to his family , the man , who worked in Guangdong province in southern China , had always been healthy . Weeks later , He was on a ventilator . Hospitalized for about 20 days , he slipped into a vegetative state and later died , his family said . He was diagnosed as having H7N9 virus , a new strain of avian flu that jumped from birds to humans for the first time last year , said his close cousin , who requested not to be identified . "  I could n't believe it , " she said . "  How could this happen to him ? It all came so suddenly to a healthy person . " In recent weeks , China has seen a spike in cases and experts are worried that infections will gather pace as the country celebrates the Lunar New Year this week - a peak time for travel and for poultry sales . Fresh wave ? Since the strain was first reported in Shanghai in February 2013 , it has affected 246 in mainland China , according to Hong Kong 's Department of Health . The World Health Organization says that 56 have died from the disease . The number of cases faded after May , but returned in late 2013 . Like all flu strains , H7N9 cases increase during colder months . In January alone , 19 deaths and 96 human cases have been reported , according to figures from the Chinese Center for Disease Control cited by state news agency Xinhua on Monday -- rivaling the initial wave of H7N9 cases seen in March 2013 . Cases have also been reported in Taiwan and in Hong Kong , which on Tuesday began culling 20,000 chickens after a sample of live chicken imported from mainland China tested positive for H7 viruses . According to the WHO , most of the human cases were exposed to the H7N9 virus through contact with poultry or contaminated environments , such as live bird markets , "  When the chickens are very overcrowded , at the time of festivals like Christmas , Chinese New Year , and there are no bio-security measures taken , then the virus spreads through poultry very quickly , " said Dr. Kwok-Yung Yuen , chair of infectious diseases at the University of Hong Kong . "  It 's also possible that travelers will bring live poultry back to their own villages , " he added . The WHO does not plan to issue a special advisory ahead of the holiday , said Gregory Hartl , a spokesman with the organization . "  Further sporadic human cases are expected in affected and possibly neighboring areas , especially given expected increases in production , trade and transport of poultry associated with the upcoming Lunar New Year , " the WHO warned . The Lunar New Year is one of the biggest annual human migrations on the planet as most Chinese travel to spend the nearly two-week holiday with their families . ` Stringent measures needed ' The H7N9 virus appears deadlier than the seasonal flu , but less virulent than another bird flu strain , H5N1 , with a crude 30 % mortality rate , said Yuen , who has worked on major outbreaks including Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome and H5N1 . He said the key is to implement sanitation measures at the live poultry markets . He drew parallels of the current situation in China with the first case of H5N1 , which appeared in Hong Kong in 1997 . The Hong Kong government implemented rules such as requiring regular cleaning of transport cages , mandating a rest day when no live poultry would be allowed at the marketplace and ordering all unsold birds at the market to be killed in the evening . Yuen said such measures are crucial to avoid the spread of the virus . "  There will be an increasing number of cases in the coming February to May unless the mainland government takes more stringent measures to stop this spread , " Yuen said . Live poultry trading has been halted in three cities in the hardest-hit province of Zhejiang in eastern China , Xinhua reported . And in Shanghai , the live poultry trade will shut starting January 31 to April 30 to prevent spread of bird flu , according to Xinhua . However , not all H7N9 patients have had close contact with live birds , including the case of He , whose cousin said his closest poultry contact was eating chicken at a restaurant . On January 19 , a 31-year-old Shanghai doctor died , marking the first medical worker death from the strain . The doctor , according to Xinhua , appeared to have limited exposure to poultry or a contaminated environment , . Infection of health care workers is closely watched because it might indicate human-to-human transmission in a medical setting . "  Sometimes we just do n't know the source , " said the WHO 's Hartl . Not having exposure to poultry does n't equate human-to-human transmission , he added . H7N9 does not appear to transmit easily among humans , according to the WHO . Loved ones suffer Family members who 've seen their loved ones suffer from H7N9 describe a long , harrowing illness , that resembled pneumonia . Zhang Kewei 's 57-year-old father , who lived in eastern province of Zhejiang , was diagnosed as having H7N9 after developing a 104 degree Fahrenheit fever in November . He did not survive . "  He , at first , felt cold and had a fever and later , his oxygen level in his blood dropped to 40 per cent , " said his daughter Zhang Kewei . His family struggled to transfer him to a bigger hospital . When they did , it took several days to confirm that he had H7N9 , she said . "  We could n't stop crying , " said Zhang . "  But we had to wipe away tears , and told my dad that he was ill , but assured him that he would recover , but needed to suffer a little because the needles could hurt . " "  My father then said : ` It 's OK . I 'm not afraid . ' "	H7N9 bird flu cases spike in China ahead of Lunar New Year In January alone , 19 deaths and 96 humans have been infected , Xinhua says Expert urges tougher bio-security measures in China 's live poultry markets H7N9 has pneumonia-like symptoms , family of patients tell CNN
CNN  Jordan 's King Abdullah II told CNN that he did n't watch the video of a pilot captured by ISIS being burned to death , calling it propaganda that has backfired on the terrorist group . In an exclusive television interview , his first since Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh was killed , the King told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria that the video was ISIS grabbing a "  tiger by the tail . " "  And it just motivated Jordanians to sort of rally around the flag , and the gloves have come off , " King Abdullah said in Amman . "  Actually the barbarity of the way they executed our brave hero I think shocked the Muslim world -- and specifically Jordanians and people from this region . " King Abdullah said that though he did n't see the video , the pictures in the papers of the killing were inescapable . And he was briefed by aides who had watched the video . He was filled with disgust and sadness for the pilot 's family , he said . He said ISIS tries to appeal to "  deluded young men and women " who believe they are becoming part of a caliphate , or Islamic state . It 's a false link , King Abdullah said . It "  has no truth or bearing to our history , " he said . He called for a unified response to the ISIS threat . "  I 've said this to leaders , both in the Islamic and Arab world and to the world in general , this is a third World War by other means , " he said . "  This brings Muslims , Christians , other religions together in this generational fight that all of us have to be in this together . " There are three components to the fight : a military response , a security response and an ideological response , he said . Changing minds , he said , will be the long-term element of the battle . Jordan executes prisoners after ISIS hostage burned alive Watch Fareed Zakaria GPS Sundays at 10am and 1pm ET . For the latest from Fareed Zakaria GPS click here .	King Abdullah II talks to CNN in first interview since Jordanian pilot was killed ISIS trying to intimidate his country will only make the fight-back come harder , he says He says ISIS recruits with a false narrative
New York  CNN  -- A Canadian beauty pageant contestant who was disqualified when the Miss Universe Canada organizers discovered she was transgender said Tuesday she had been devastated by the decision and wanted a clear change in the rules . After initially disqualifying Talackova , organizers of the Miss Universe beauty pageant reversed course late Monday , saying she can participate . In a statement , the Miss Universe Organization said Jenna Talackova can compete provided "  she meets the legal gender recognition requirements of Canada , and the standards established by other international competitions . " The statement , however , did not elaborate on what the requirements were . The 6-foot-1-inch blond model told a news conference Tuesday of the pain the row had caused her . "  I am a woman . I was devastated and I felt that excluding me for the reason that they gave was unjust , " she said . Talackova , a 23-year-old Vancouver resident , also called on Donald Trump , who owns the Miss Universe competition , to state "  in plain words " whether she will be able to compete and go forward to the Miss Universe final if she wins her country 's contest . "  I have never asked for any special consideration . I only wanted to compete , " she said . "  I also want Mr. Trump to clearly state that this rule will be eliminated because I do not want any other woman to suffer the discrimination that I have to endure . " Speaking to CNN Tuesday , Trump said that according to the laws of Canada and the United States , Talackova should be allowed to enter the pageant . "  So she will be entering the Miss Canada pageant , but we went strictly by the laws , " he said . "  As with any competition , the Miss Universe pageant has rules that apply to all of its franchises around the world . Such rules include , but are not limited to , citizenship , age , and marital status requirements . Additionally , the rules currently state that all contestants must be naturally born females , " the Miss Universe organization said . Those rules are not posted on the Miss Universe website . High profile feminist lawyer Gloria Allred , speaking alongside Talackova , also said Trump needed to clear up the confusion over Talackova 's participation . "  We need a clear answer -- not a wimpy , wishy-washy type of answer -- but something that we can take to the bank . Will Jenna be allowed to compete or not ? Will he eliminate this abhorrent rule or not ? " Allred said Talackova , who until Tuesday had not spoken to reporters , was considering all legal options . The Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation , or GLAAD , commended the pageant organizer 's decision Monday night . "  The Miss Universe Organization made the right decision and has taken an important first step , " the group said . Talackova was one of the 65 finalists selected to contend for the title of Miss Universe Canada and the honor of representing her country in the Miss Universe competition . But organizers told her last month she could not compete because she lied about having undergone sexual reassignment surgery and did not meet requirements for the pageant . At the time , the Miss Universe Organization said current rules state that all contestants must be a "  naturally born female . " In a 2010 interview in Thailand , where she was competing for Miss International Queen , a competition for transgender women , Talackova said she knew she was a girl at age 4 . She said she started hormone therapy at age 14 and underwent sexual reassignment surgery at 19 . After Talackova 's disqualification , social media users flooded the Facebook page of Miss Universe Canada with comments criticizing the decision . A petition started on the social change website Change.org garnered more than 41,000 signatures calling for organizers to reverse their ruling . The 61st annual Miss Universe Canada Pageant will be held in Toronto on May 19 . CNN 's Chris Boyette and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Organizers say Talackova can participate if she meets certain requirements The organizers did not elaborate on them Earlier , they said she could not compete because she was not a "  naturally born female " Talackova underwent gender reassignment surgery at 19
CNN  -- Records are there to be broken -- but how many more records can one man break ? Lionel Messi extended his goalscoring run in La Liga to 18 consecutive matches after scoring twice in Barcelona 's 3-1 win over Rayo Vallecano Sunday . Messi , the four-time World Player of the Year , scored an unparalleled 91 goals for club and country in 2012 , surpassing the previous record of 85 set by Germany 's Gerd Muller in 1972 . The 25-year-old , who reportedly earns $ 14.75 million a year , looked an absolute bargain as he helped Barcelona restore its 13-point cushion at the top of the table . Messi has already scored 55 goals for Barcelona so far this season , 42 of those in La Liga with 13 in other competitions . An incredible 29 goals have come in his past 18 league games -- a streak which has seen any suggestion of a slump consigned to the garbage . Consecutive defeats to arch rival Real Madrid and the Champions League first leg defeat in Milan had left question marks over Barcelona 's form . But the 4-0 thrashing of Milan last week proved Barca means business and it could have had five or six against Rayo had it moved out of second gear . With coach Tito Vilanova expected to be back in the dug-out for the next game against Celta Vigo following cancer treatment , Barcelona looks in great shape to wrestle the league title back from Real Madrid . Elsewhere in La Liga , Atletico Madrid kept up the pressure on second place Real with a 2-0 win at Osasuna courtesy of Diego Costa 's double . There was a shock defeat for Champions League quarterfinalist Malaga , which was beaten 2-0 at home by Espanyol , while Sevilla strolled to a 4-0 win over Real Zaragoza . David Beckham returned to the scene of his infamous red card in the 1998 World Cup as his Paris Saint-Germain side was held to a 2-2 draw at Saint-Etienne . Beckham was sent off during England 's last-16 tie with Argentina after kicking out at Diego Simeone -- an incident which led to him being vilified following the team 's exit on penalties . But it was a less eventful evening for Beckham on this occasion , although he did come close to winning the tie late on with one of his trademark free kicks . PSG had moved into a two-goal lead thanks to strikes from Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Javier Pastore . But the home side rallied and an own-goal from Alex halved the deficit before Francois Clerc grabbed an equalizer . The result leaves PSG five points clear of nearest challenge Lyon at the top of Ligue 1 . In the English Premier League , Chelsea moved into third place following a 2-0 win over West Ham at Stamford Bridge . Frank Lampard 's 200th goal for the club and an Eden Hazard effort sealed the points for Rafa Benitez 's side . Chelsea 's win took it above Tottenham , which suffered an embarrassing 1-0 home defeat by Fulham . Managed by former Spurs boss Martin Jol , it was another former employee who did the damage with Dimitar Berbatov scoring Fulham 's winner . Wigan kept its hope of survival alive with a late 2-1 win over Newcastle in a game which was marred by an awful tackle by Callum McManaman on visiting defender Massadio Haidara . Haidara was taken off on a stretcher to hospital with suspected ligament damage , while McManaman escaped any disciplinary action from referee Mark Halsey . "  It is an awful challenge . The pictures speak for themselves , " Newcastle manager Alan Pardew told reporters . "  I thought it was a bad challenge and I was 60 yards from the incident . The players knew because they were on top of it and there was a lot of bad feeling about that incident when it goes unpunished . " Elsewhere , Norwich was held to a 1-1 draw at Sunderland . In Italy , Edinson Cavani 's double took Napoli to within nine points of Serie A leader Juventus . With nine games of the season remaining , Walter Mazzari 's side could ill-afford any further slip-ups and had to be at its best to see off Atalanta 3-2 . "  I 'm happy for Cavani and for  Goran  Pandev after their goals but also for securing the three points , " Mazzarri told reporters . "  It remained close right up to the end and it was an edgy finish . " Mario Balotelli scored twice in Milan 's 2-0 win over Palermo , while Inter 's game at Sampdoria was postponed because of heavy snow and rain . Francesco Totti scored his 226th Serie A goal as Roma moved up to sixth after a 2-0 win over Parma . But Lazio suffered a 1-0 defeat in Turin as a late goal by Jonathas secured victory for Torino . In Germany , Eintracht Frankfurt suffered a 2-1 home defeat by Stuttgart , while Borussia Moenchengladbach defeated 10-man Hanover 1-0 .	Lionel Messi scores twice in Barcelona 's 3-1 win over Rayo Vallecano Argentina star has now scored in 18 consecutive league games Chelsea move third in EPL as Tottenham slips up Napoli keeps pressure on Serie A leader Juventus
