CNN  -- This weekend "  The Avengers " hit the $ 1 billion mark worldwide . But long before the film 's astronomical success , the 3-D glasses , the action figures and the sponsorship deals , there was the the imagination of one man -- Stan Lee . At 89 , the legendary creator of some of the world 's most profitable comic book characters remains quick-witted , rapturously imaginative and always laughing -- even if , as far as "  The Avengers " is concerned , he 's not laughing all the way to the bank . Lee recently talked to CNN 's JD Cargill in an exclusive interview about the film , which of his characters he 'd like to see next on the big screen , some of his current projects , and why we should n't assume he is now a billionaire . JD Cargill : Even the craziest estimates did n't predict this much success for "  The Avengers . " What is your reaction to creating some of the most profitable characters in entertainment ? Stan Lee : Oh , I could have told everybody it was going to be this big of a hit ! I do n't know why they could n't have predicted it . It could n't miss ! It 's got some of the most popular characters in the world today . You put together a great script , a great director , great actors and a cameo by me -- how could it miss ? Cargill : Not including your cameo of course , what 's the film 's ultimate moment for you ? Lee : When they all come together and decide to fight as a team . I 'm all heart ! Years ago , I was writing these characters and I thought it would fun to put them together in a team . And I called it "  The Avengers . " And I thought , they have to have some sort of rallying cry . So I loved the idea of them shouting -- because I 'm a very corny guy -- "  Avengers assemble ! " Cargill : Obviously with a project of this magnitude , compromises have to be made along the way . Tell me about one moment in the film you had to bend on . Lee : It might be hard to believe , but there really was n't a part . Not only did they omit something I might not have wanted to be in , they included things that I never thought of and were wonderful . I thought this movie was as perfect as a movie like this can be . Cargill : When fans see Marvel characters making record-breaking  box office  money like this , they assume it 's made you a billionaire . How close is that to the truth ? Lee : I hate to admit this , but I do not share in the movie 's profits . I just share in the interviews , in the glamour , in the people saying , "  Wow , I love that movie , Stan " -- but I 'm not a participant in the profits . Cargill : But are n't you an executive producer ? Lee : Yes , but it 's just an honorary title . Cargill : Do you you wish you were making more money off of it ? Lee : Well , it would be nice .  laughs  But I 'm used to the way the situation is . I do n't go around thinking about it . I am really very pleased that people enjoy the movie , that it 's doing well , and even though I did n't film the movie myself , I seem to be getting a lot of credit for it !  laughs Cargill : Of all your beloved comic characters , which one would you like to see become a big-screen icon next ? Lee : I ca n't wait to see Dr. Strange and The Black Panther . Cargill : Are those in the works ? Lee : I have a feeling they very well might be . They 're certainly being considered right now . Cargill : What 's the one character you wish you had created ? Lee : Well , it would have been nice to come up with Superman !  laughs  Â Cargill : Experiencing highs and lows is part of every life and career . At this moment , what do you see as your high and what do you see as your low ? Lee : Well , I suppose today the success of "  The Avengers " is one of the highs . And there was a time , many many years ago , when the comic book business went bad and it looked as though Marvel was going to go out of business . We did n't call it Marvel then . It was called "  Timely Comics . " I had a publisher that was a great guy , but he did n't like unpleasantness . So he would say to me , "  Stan , I ca n't afford to put the books out anymore for the next few months . I 'd like for you to fire the staff while I go to Miami . " It was always my job to fire the staff while he ducked away somewhere . That was certainly a low because these were people I worked with . These were friends . I had to let them know there would be no work for the foreseeable future . But luckily we were able to build the company back up again and start over again and give these guys work once more . Cargill : Poll after poll ranks "  Iron Man " as the favorite Avenger . Do you have another character in the works that will rival his popularity ? Lee : Here at POW ! Entertainment , with my partner Gill Champion , we 're working on quite a number of new movies , television series and even a live action show . Three of the new superheroes , and I ca n't say too much right now , but the working titles are "  The Prodigal , " one is called "  The Annihilator , " and one is called "  The Retaliator . " And each one of them , I say in modesty , is better than the others !  laughs Cargill : You ca n't tell me anything about them ? Lee : I will say that "  The Annihilator " is a Chinese superhero , probably the first one done by an American studio , and it 's not a Chinese film . It 's a film for the entire world . It 's got an angle we 've never seen before and it 's written by Dan Gilroy , one of our top writers . "  The Retaliator " has a different angle and the element of ecology is important in that story . But he 's the kind of superhero with a power that nobody has seen . "  The Prodigal " is really two superheroes that are part of the same family , but they become ultimate enemies ! Those are just the three movies we have in the works . We also have a number of comic books coming that will probably end up as movies or television series or so forth . Cargill : Are you talking about "  The Mighty 7 " and "  Titanic 10 " ? Lee : Oh , you are so hip ! "  The Mighty 7 " is being published by Archie . There are seven characters . Two of them are police officers from another planet . The other five are fugitives that they were bringing back somewhere and they all land on Earth through an accident and they meet me ! We refer to this as the world 's first reality comic book , because it has real people , starting with me . But it 's still very much a superhero story . Also , like "  The Avengers , " we also have "  The Titanic 10 . " This is 10 superheroes living in today 's world , faced with the same problems that you and I are faced with , and suddenly something happens that has never happened before in any superhero story . I am incredibly proud of this and you 'll be hearing a lot more , because it 's the type of thing when people see it they 'll say , "  Of course , why did n't I think of that ! " If that does n't whet your appetite , I quit ! Cargill : There comes a time in all our lives where we select someone to speak on our behalf . Of all of your characters , who would you have speak on your behalf and what do you imagine them saying ? Lee : Wow . Maybe Iron Man , maybe Tony Stark . Only because of all of them , I think he has the best sense of humor and he 's the cleverest , probably . And what would he say ? God knows !  laughs  Maybe I should n't pick him . Maybe I should n't pick a guy that smart ! Maybe I should pick a guy I could fool a little better . But , at first blush , I think Tony Stark would be the guy .	"  The Avengers " hit the $ 1 billion mark in just 19 days At 89 , Stan Lee is the creator of some of the world 's most profitable comic book characters Lee on the movies he 'd like to see : "  I ca n't wait to see Dr. Strange and The Black Panther "
Jos , Nigeria  CNN  -- At least 29 students at a college in Nigeria are dead Tuesday after an attack authorities suspect was carried out by Boko Haram Islamists , according to the Nigerian military . The attackers also torched several buildings , the military said . "  There were burnt bodies of students who can not be easily identified , " State Police Commissioner Sanusi Rafai said . The attack happened at a federal college in Buni Yadi , near the the capital of Yobe state . It came three days after President Goodluck Jonathan sent his top military chiefs to the northeastern part of the country to try to put down the violence there . The attackers escaped from the scene , military spokesman Capt. Eli Lazarus said . No group , including Boko Haram , immediately claimed responsibility for the attack .	Boko Haram is blamed for an attack at a college 29 students were killed , the military says Several buildings were also torched
Washington  CNN  -- The Syrian regime this week fired at least two Iranian-made , short-range ballistic missiles in what appears to be an effort to more precisely target Syrian rebels , two U.S. military officials tell CNN . The Fateh A-110 missiles are more accurate than the older Scud variants that Syrian government forces have used in recent weeks . Read more : NATO : Syrian forces firing more Scud missiles The U.S. military officials declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information . The Iranian government has not commented on the issue . The Fateh trades range for accuracy . It can travel about 125 miles , while the Scud can go about 185 miles . But the Fateh has a "  circular error probable " or -- CEP -- of 330 feet , while the Scud 's CEP is 1,480 feet . CEP is defined as the radius of a circle in which half of a missile 's lethal payload falls and is the standard measure of a missile 's accuracy . The firings did not reach near Syria 's Turkish border . But the regime 's use of ballistic missiles is the reason NATO is planning to send U.S. , German and Dutch Patriot missile batteries to Turkish military installations : to protect the southern regions of that NATO ally . All six Patriot batteries are expected to be in place by the end of January . Read more : As Syria suffering spirals , envoy hopes for political transition A NATO official could not confirm the use of short-range ballistic missiles this week , but NATO did detect the launch of such missiles inside Syria on a few December days , more recently on the 22nd . "  The fact that Scud-type missiles were used in Syria emphasizes the need for effective defense protection of our ally Turkey , " the NATO official said . "  This is why , earlier this month , NATO allies decided to deploy Patriot missiles in Turkey to augment Turkey 's air defenses . The deployment , which will start within weeks , is defensive only . Its aim is to deter any threats to and defend and protect the population and territory of Turkey . " U.S. officials say they believe the Syrians are firing ballistic missiles to preserve their aircraft , some of which have been shot down by rebels . Read more : Syrian military police chief defects to join ` the people 's revolution . '	Two U.S. military officials say the Syrian regime fired at least two Fateh A-110 missiles The move is an apparent attempt to more precisely target rebel forces , the officials say They decline to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information The missiles are more accurate than older Scuds , which have a longer range
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Police in Rio de Janeiro on Monday were searching for an armed man who robbed passengers and raped a woman on a moving bus . Police said the crimes occurred Friday evening in a poor suburb west of the city center known as Favela do Muquico . The attack reinforces the need for more security in a city that will host of high-profile events , starting with a visit by Pope Francis in July for World Youth Day . Rio will also host matches in the 2014 World Cup and the Olympic Games in 2016 . In late March , an American tourist was gang-raped and brutally beaten aboard a minibus in the touristy Copacabana area of Rio . According to a police report , in the latest incident , the man robbed passengers and forced them to the front of the bus . He then raped a woman and beat her with a gun . Passengers told police that the man appeared to be under the influence of drugs . He ran out of the bus after about 30 minutes . Police are using camera images from inside the bus and witness reports to try to identify and arrest the man . The attack reinforces the need for more security in a city that will host high-profile events , starting with a visit by Pope Francis in July for World Youth Day . Rio will also host matches in the 2014 World Cup and the Olympic Games in 2016 . In late March , an American tourist was gang-raped and brutally beaten aboard a minibus in the touristy Copacabana area of Rio . Robberies are not uncommon on public transport in Rio , but the violence of these attacks has shocked residents . READ MORE : Brazil police arrest 4th person in tourist attack	The crimes occurred Friday in a suburb west of Rio de Janeiro , police say Police say a gunman robbed passengers and forced them to the front of the bus He then raped a woman and beat her with a gun , a police report says In March , an American tourist was raped , beaten on a minibus in Rio 's Copacabana area
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Afghan Taliban forcefully denied reports Monday that their leader is dead , dismissing them as "  claims and rumors " from the "  Kabul stooge regime 's intelligence directorate . " Mullah Mohammed Omar "  is alive and well and is leading the Mujahideen in all aspects while living safely with reliance on Allah , " spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said . His statement came after suggestions that Omar might have been killed recently . A spokesman for Afghanistan 's intelligence agency , the National Directorate of Security , said Monday that Omar has disappeared in the past five days . Lutfullah Mashal said he "  hopes " Omar is dead but can not confirm it . "  So far , we can not confirm the death or killing of Mullah Omar officially . But we can confirm that he has been disappeared from his hideout in Quetta , Baluchistan " in Pakistan , he said . "  Our sources and senior Taliban members confirm that they ca n't contact him , " Mashal said , adding that Omar had been living in Quetta for 10 years . Taliban spokesman Mujahid said they "  strongly reject these false claims of the enemy " and urged "  our fellow countrymen , Mujahideen and the rest of the Muslims not to believe these intelligence lies and false reports . " Pakistan 's Interior Rehman Malik also denied that Omar was dead , saying in a news conference that the claims were "  baseless . " An official with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force told CNN there was no indication the rumor was true . A former top Pakistani intelligence official called the reports "  nonsense " and "  disinformation , " but then said he had no idea whether the Taliban leader is alive or dead . "  How should I know ? I 'm not concerned with it , " Gen. Hamid Gul said on IBN television . The original news report suggesting Monday that Omar was dead , by Afghanistan 's TOLOnews , quoted NDS spokesman Meshal as saying that Gul was moving him when he was killed . "  Am I supposed to be transporting him from Quetta to Waziristan ? It 's nonsense , " he said by telephone from Islamabad . Pakistan 's ISI intelligence agency is thought to have had strong links with the Afghan Taliban over the years . Omar was a rural Islamic cleric when became a leader of a group of students -- or "  taliban " -- who took over Afghanistan in the early 1990s and established a hard-line Islamic fundamentalist regime that gave shelter to Osama bin Laden and his al Qaeda terrorist network . U.S. Navy SEALs killed bin Laden on May 2 in Pakistan , nearly a decade after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon . The United States led an invasion of Afghanistan soon after the attacks , toppling Omar 's Taliban and sending bin Laden into hiding . The reclusive Omar refused to be photographed or filmed and rarely traveled . He infrequently gave interviews and was thought to have met only two non-Muslims in recent years . Nonetheless what Omar said passed as law when the Taliban ruled Afghanistan , and to challenge him was unknown . The "  commander of the faithful , " as he had become known , created the Taliban in the early 1990s and was their spiritual guide . Those who had met him said he cast an imposing figure -- bearded with a black turban and one eye stitched shut ; the result of a wound sustained during a gunfight with Soviet troops during their occupation of Afghanistan . In the wake of the Soviet withdrawal , Omar created the Taliban to overcome what he saw as Afghanistan 's descent into a lawlessness landscape dominated by warlords . His recruits came from the Islamic schools within Afghanistan and in the Afghan refugee camps across the border in Pakistan . Driven largely by faith , they swept across the country . Before the final assault on Kabul in 1996 , Omar entered Kandahar 's grand mosque and took out a rarely seen holy cloth thought once to have been carried by the Prophet Mohammed . Waving it from a rooftop he received an ecstatic response from his Taliban foot soldiers . Inspired by religious fervor , they moved on to take Kabul within a matter of days , bolstering Omar 's belief in his spiritual destiny . With most of the country under Taliban control , he set himself the goal of transforming Afghanistan into the purest Islamic state in the world , declaring himself Amir-ul-Momineen , or head of the Muslims . While many ordinary Afghans disagreed with his hardline interpretation of Islam , others were willing to endure the Taliban 's excesses in exchange for the relative peace they brought to the territory they controlled . In building the perfect Islamic state , though , he had little regard for the concerns of the outside world . Public executions and amputations were common and the Taliban 's treatment of women attracted much international condemnation . In 2001 , he rejected pressure from around the world -- including from many Muslim countries -- not to go ahead with plans to demolish two ancient statues of the Buddha carved into cliffs near the town of Bamiyan . The statues , described by many as world-class cultural relics , were blown to bits . Mullah Omar dismissed the global outcry , saying the statues ' destruction was merely "  breaking stones . " Omar vanished after a U.S.-led coalition booted the Taliban and its leaders from power in Afghanistan in December 2001 for refusing to hand over Osama bin Laden after the 9/11 terror attacks . His appearance remained a mystery to many , and that presented a challenge to those on his trail , according to Afghan President Hamid Karzai . "  If I come across him tomorrow in the streets of Kabul or Kandahar or Herat or Mazar in Afghanistan , I would not recognize him , " Karzai told CNN in 2003 . "  How would you arrest someone that you do n't know how he looks ? " The Taliban , citing ultra-orthodox views of Islam , outlawed photographs of people , saying making any image of a human being was forbidden by the Quran . But intelligence agencies argued that another key purpose of that move was this : If the leaders of the Taliban could keep anyone from taking their pictures , it would be very hard to track them down or prove they were the men in charge during the Taliban 's most brutal and repressive days . The U.S. government offered a reward of up to $ 10 million for information leading to his capture . Many in the U.S. intelligence community believed he was holed up in or near Quetta , a city of 1 million people that is the capital of Balochistan province in southwestern Pakistan . Pakistan has consistently dismissed those claims . Occasionally , the elusive leader would release a written message to reiterate that the Taliban had not given up its fight to regain control of Afghanistan from American and NATO troops . The battle "  is forging ahead like a powerful flood " and "  is approaching the edge of victory , " said one such online message in 2009 . CNN 's Christine Theodorou , Brian Walker , Barbara Starr and Tim Schwarz and Journalist Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	"  We hope he is dead but we can not confirm it , " an Afghan intelligence spokesman says Pakistan 's interior minister rejects the reports An ISAF official says there is no indication it is true The Afghan Taliban reject "  false claims " of Omar 's death , saying he is alive and well
CNN  -- A judge ordered Tuesday that the man accused of killing singer and actress Jennifer Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew be moved from a state prison to the Cook County jail to make it easier for his lawyer to meet with him . Jennifer Hudson , at the October premiere of "  The Secret Life of Bees , " has n't performed in public since the killings . William Balfour , 27 , has been held at Stateville Correctional Center near Joliet , Illinois , since he was arrested in early December in what defense lawyer Joshua Kutnick called "  a difficult position . " " -LSB- Balfour -RSB- has exhibited , to me , patience , " Kutnick told CNN after Tuesday 's hearing . "  He understands that this case is not going to be over this week or next week or next month , " Kutnick said . "  He realizes in order for us to establish that he 's not guilty , that we 're going to have to go through all the steps of fighting the case . " Kutnick said the defense is conducting its own investigation of the killings and has subpoenaed the prosecution 's evidence . Nothing has been handed over yet , he said . He would not speculate on when the case might go to trial . "  You 're talking about some time down the road , " Kutnick said . Balfour , indicted a month ago , entered a not guilty plea last week . Tuesday was the first time Balfour has been before Judge Marjorie Laws , who was appointed last week after prosecutors asked that Judge Evelyn Clay be removed from the case . Prosecutors did not make public their reasons for wanting a new judge . While Judge Laws ordered Balfour to be moved to Chicago , Kutnick said he expects it might just be for 10 days . "  The sheriff of Cook County does not always obey those orders because he is dealing with his own problems such as jail overcrowding , " Kutnick said . "  He 's doing OK " despite "  being incarcerated under a difficult position , " Kutnick said of Balfour . "  When any inmate is serving a sentence on a parole violation , they 're kept in what 's called the receiving unit , " Kutnick said . "  It 's very restrictive . They do n't get the kind of free time and privileges that general population gets , so that is very difficult for him . " Hudson has not performed in public since the deaths , but she is scheduled to sing the national anthem Sunday at the Super Bowl . Balfour first was detained for questioning October 24 , the day that Hudson 's mother and brother were found shot to death . At the time , authorities said they were holding Balfour for an unspecified parole violation . Prosecutors have portrayed Balfour as a jealous man who killed three people in a rage at the thought that his estranged wife had a boyfriend . Balfour is the estranged husband of Hudson 's sister , Julia Hudson , and stepfather of one of the victims , 7-year-old Julian King . He also has been charged with one count of home invasion . Balfour denies the charges , and his attorney told the court in December there was no forensic evidence linking him to the killings Hudson won a best supporting actress Oscar for her portrayal of Effie in the 2006 film version of the Broadway musical "  Dreamgirls . " She competed on the third season of the TV singing competition "  American Idol " and was among the top seven contestants before her elimination .	William Balfour has been at Illinois ' Stateville Correctional Center since December Judge orders Balfour moved to county jail to make attorney visits easier Suspect charged in killings of Jennifer Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew Hudson is set to sing national anthem at the Super Bowl
Washington  CNN  -- Folklore says that George Washington was known for never telling a lie . But as the United States marks its first president 's birthday , a new poll indicates that 74 percent of the public thinks the father of our country did lie to the public while he served as president . It 's an indication that Americans think the government has been broken for a very , very long time . The CNN/Opinion Corporation survey was released Monday on the 278th anniversary of Washington 's birth . Three quarters of people questioned in the survey think that modern-day federal officials are not honest , a figure that is essentially unchanged since 1994 . But the poll suggests that Americans think the problem of dishonesty is not a new one . And it 's not just George Washington ; 71 percent think that Abraham Lincoln , known as "  Honest Abe , " also lied to the public while serving in the White House . Full results  pdf "  It 's all part of a rich tradition in American history -- the belief that politicians are not always telling the truth , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . What should we make of the figures for Washington and Lincoln ? "  Part of it may be the recognition that , however much we revere them today , both men were politicians , and Americans are always a little cynical about people seeking office . Part of it may also be a realistic assessment that the president sometimes has to keep things from the public , " adds Holland . "  But whether it 's based on cynicism or realism , or a little of both , it 's an indication that Americans think that our government has been broken for many , many years . " According to CNN poll numbers released Sunday , Americans overwhelmingly think that the government in this country is broken , but the public overwhelmingly holds out hope that what 's broken can be fixed . The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted February 12-15 , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall survey . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	74 % of people in poll think George Washington did lie to the public as president "  Honest Abe " Lincoln fares only a little better -- 71 % believe he lied as well Poll suggests Americans think the problem of dishonesty is not a new one
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Hundreds of militants stormed military checkpoints in northwest Pakistan early Tuesday , killing at least eight soldiers and injuring 10 others , military and government officials said -- the latest in a string of attacks against security forces . Twenty-five militants died in the clash , according to the officials . The predawn attack took place over several hours in Kurram , one of seven mostly ungoverned districts in Pakistan 's tribal region along the Afghan border . The district has seen a sharp increase in militant activity with insurgents who have fled military operations in neighboring South and North Waziristan . Kurram has become the front line in the fight between Pakistani militants and security forces . The Pakistani army has launched several operations in Kurram to flush out militants , but parts of the district remain strongholds of the Pakistan Taliban . Last week , six soldiers and 10 militants died in another battle in the same area . More than 3,000 Pakistani soldiers have been in killed in the fight against Islamist militants over the past decade , the Pakistani Army says . The number of soldiers killed this month -- more than 50 -- is very high , but does n't approach figures in 2009 and 2010 , when up to 150 troops at a time were killed in one month at the height of military operations in Pakistan 's tribal region , a senior Pakistani military official said . Journalists Shaan Khan , Saboor Khattak and Nasir Habib contributed to this report	The battle lasts several hours There are Taliban strongholds in the region More than 3,000 Pakistani soldiers have died fighting Islamist militants A recent battle in the area kills six soldiers
CNN  -- Guinea-Bissau 's military has arrested acting President Raimundo Pereira and Prime Minister Carlos Gomes Jr. , a military spokesman said , in a coup that has drawn widespread condemnation from the international community . The men were taken into custody Thursday night , as gunfire and explosions rocked the capital of Bissau . Daba Naualna , a spokesman for the army 's chief of staff , told CNN on Friday night that both Pereira and Gomes were well , and that no one had been killed or wounded in the unrest . He claimed a group that calls itself "  the Military Command " was behind the arrests , though it is not clear who its members are . Afterward , according to Naualna , the actual leaders of Guinea-Bissau 's armed forces took control of the situation in an attempt to ensure stability . "  The  army chief of staff  thinks , for the sake of the country , that power can not fall into the streets and decided to have  the military  play its part in seeking solutions with the political class to resolve this crisis , " the spokesman said . Asserting that it has no desire to "  stay in power , " the military is asking for members of political parties to send it concrete ideas by Sunday on what to do next , Naualna said . A meeting will take place that day to discuss the proposals . Such political moves have done little to dull the anger expressed Friday by foreign leaders , some of which highlighted the fact the coup occurred just before the second round of a presidential election set for April 29 . African Union Chairman Jean Ping issued a statement expressing his group 's "  total rejection of any attempt at undermining the constitutional order " and demanding the "  immediate and unconditional release " of Pereira and Gomes . U.N. Security Council members issued a joint statement Friday saying they "  strongly condemn the forcible seizure of power " and "  firmly denounce this incursion by the military into politics , " and urged the "  immediate release " of the prime minister , president and other senior officials . Separately , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned "  in the strongest possible terms " and pressed the Guinea-Bissau military to "  respect civilian authority , constitutional order and the rule of law . " The White House used similar language , urging "  all parties to reconcile their differences through the democratic process . " On Saturday , the foreign ministers of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries , known as CPLP , will meet in Lisbon to assess the situation and take "  concerted measures " regarding Guinea-Bissau 's situation , that group said . The Military Command issued its own statement contending that the revolt was in response to a "  secret deal " between the governments of Guinea-Bissau and Angola . This "  deal " was drawn up by the Guinea-Bissau government to allow Angolan troops in the country and mandates "  Angola to attack Guinea-Bissau 's military , " a communique from the group said . This group says that Pereira and Gomes signed the deal , and it accuses the African Union , whose rotating presidency is currently held by Angola , of also supporting intervention by Angolan forces . The Military Command , like the larger military , does not intend to remain in power and wants to "  return " the country to normalcy , according to its statement . The group called for calm and for people in the capital "  to refrain from acts of violence and vandalism that could jeopardize the order . " Guinea-Bissau 's history has been marked by several military coups and attempted coups since the nation of 1.6 million people gained independence from Portugal in 1974 . The conflicts have ravaged the West African nation 's infrastructure and economy , leaving it among the poorest in the world . The first round of voting in a presidential election was held March in Guinea-Bissau , and campaigning for the second round was about to begin . The election was prompted by the death of the incumbent Malam Bacai Sanha in January after a long illness . The residence of Gomes , the prime minister and a presidential candidate , was looted , witnesses said , as were the homes of some government ministers , including Interior Minister Fernando Gomes . The country 's public media outlets are under the control of the army and are regularly broadcasting statements from the military , witnesses said Friday . A number of Angolan troops are present in Guinea-Bissau under a bilateral agreement , on a mission to help reform the country 's armed forces , Angola said . Angola , also a former Portuguese colony , issued a statement earlier this week stating its intention to unilaterally withdraw its troops . The U.S. Embassy in Senegal said the situation in Guinea-Bissau is unclear , but it is closely monitoring events . It urged U.S. citizens to remain where they are and avoid downtown Bissau . "  We are disheartened by the negative turn of events so soon after the first round of Guinea-Bissau 's presidential election , " it said . "  We are deeply concerned about the safety of all those in Bissau today , and urge all parties to put down their weapons and restore legitimate civilian leadership . " Elisabete Azevedo-Harman , a professor of politics at the Catholic University of Portugal and Mozambique who is currently in Bissau , told CNN that she heard gunfire and explosions Thursday night near the prime minister 's residence . Soldiers and police remained on the streets of the capital Friday , but in smaller numbers than the night before , she said . People were starting to venture out again , she added . Sanha had become president in September 2009 , months after the assassination of his predecessor . Despite his coming to power in what international observers deemed a fair and peaceful election , his tenure was marked by turmoil among the country 's military and political leadership . To date , no democratically elected president of the country has served a full , five-year term . CNN 's Umaro Djau , David McKenzie , Laura Perez Maestro and Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva contributed to this report .	NEW : Ban Ki-moon and the White House both "  strongly " condemn the coup A military spokesman says the acting president and prime minister are detained and well He says no one was hurt or killed , despite witness reports of gunfire and explosions A coup group says that Guinea-Bissau 's government signed secret deal with Angola
CNN  -- Houston Rockets team physician Tom Clanton has said the foot injury currently sidelining Chinese center Yao Ming could threaten the seven-foot-six-inch player 's career . Yao Ming 's entire basketball future could be in danger due to his persistent foot injury . "  At this point , the injury has the potential for him missing this next season and could be career-threatening , " Clanton told the Houston Chronicle regional newspaper . "  One of the things we are trying to get is a consensus opinion on that , to make certain there is no option we are overlooking that would provide an earlier return or would be an option for treatment that he would prefer rather than doing additional surgery , " he added . Yao fractured his left foot last month during a semifinal match against the Los Angeles Lakers in the NBA Western Conference semifinals and has been visiting specialists ahead of treatment since then . Clanton continued : "  At this stage , he is having no symptoms or physical signs , he has no tenderness , no swelling , no redness . When he came back in , he was feeling like everything was perfect , and he would start rehabilitation and get ready to play . "  The findings on the CT were shocking for him and for us . You do n't treat a CT scan ; you treat a patient . We are looking for every reason to treat this on clinical findings but do n't want to put him at risk for a greater fracture , " he added . The diagnosis raises doubt over the playing future of one of the biggest stars in the National Basketball Association  NBA  and one of the most famous celebrities to hail from China . Yao is a national hero in his homeland , and the news has prompted a frenzy of postings on the internet , arguing about the why 's and wherefore 's of his injury . "  He is really tired , " says one Netizen posting on Sina.com . "  He needs to rest , we can not let the giant fall ! " "  I wish everything will work out well for Yao Ming , " says another teenage basketball fan . "  There is always a way to deal with injuries . We should not give up . " Some Yao supporters think he should take a long break -- even for the whole season -- and make a comeback later . "  I think his injury is very bad , " opines Ma Jian , a TV commentator who played for the Chinese national team . "  With all the weight training the team have put him through in the past seven years , Yao has gained about 20 kilos in his upper body . But his lower body , especially his feet , did not gain much strength to hold his large frame . " The 28-year-old Yao has been a perennial pick for the NBA All-Star teams since moving from the Shanghai Sharks to the Rockets in 2002 . Yao also captained the Chinese team as hosts at the 2008 Beijing Games , as well as taking the role of flag-bearer in the opening ceremony . Yao was awarded the honor of "  model worker " in 2005 by China 's ruling Communist Party . However , despite his popularity , Yao still has his share of detractors . Known as "  Yao hei " -- they are people who are out to smear the player . "  He is a man made of glass , " says one posting on Sina.com . "  Should we call him Yao the glass or Yao the porcelain ? " asks one rhetorically . Yao is now a multi-millionaire , earning millions of dollars yearly , not just from his NBA team but from lucrative commercial endorsements . Admirers say Yao has done more for improving China 's image overseas than any modern-day politician or diplomat . Next to the giant panda , Yao is perhaps China 's best known and much loved , icon , in part because exudes a wholesome , feel-good image . "  He is such an affable , likeable guy , " recalls Colin Pine , who used to serve as his personal translator during his years as an NBA rookie in Houston . His demeanor on and off the court has endeared him to the media and multitude of basketball fans overseas , who admire his modesty and maturity . His loyal fans hope Yao will get an extension of his already long and successful career .	Houston Rockets physician says Yao Ming injury could "  threaten his career " Yao fractured his left foot playing for Houston against the L.A. Lakers in May The 28-year-old was flag-bearer for China at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games Yao has been perennial All-Star selection since he moved to the U.S. in 2002
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Police in Santa Monica , California , were searching Saturday for an "  extremely dangerous " 61-year-old man in connection with a bombing at a synagogue . Authorities began their investigation Thursday after the blast at Chabad House . Investigators initially called the explosion an accident , but on Friday , they determined foul play was involved in the explosion , police said . Police spokesman Sgt. Jay Trisler told CNN on Saturday that authorities were still searching for Ron Hirsch , 61 , in connection with Thursday 's bombing . Investigators began searching for Hirsch after finding evidence at the damaged synagogue , the Santa Monica police said in a statement . "  Investigation has determined that items found in and around the mechanism are linked to an individual by the name of Ron Hirsch , identified as a transient , " a police statement said . "  Hirsch is known to frequent synagogues and Jewish community centers seeking charity from patrons . Hirsch is considered extremely dangerous . " The explosion shattered windows at the synagogue and sent a 30-pound pipe into the roof of an adjacent house but no one was injured , CNN affiliate KABC reported . Authorities do not know the motive for the bombing . Hirsch also faces charges of possession of a destructive device , police said . Authorities reversed their initial determination Thursday that the explosion was the result of an industrial accident involving cement and other materials , Santa Monica police said . Further investigation by bomb technicians unearthed a large portion of the cement found at the scene and uncovered materials indicating the device appeared to have been deliberately constructed , police said . Santa Monica is a coastal city adjacent to Los Angeles . CNN 's Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report	Suspect is a transient who is extremely dangerous , police say The bombing occurs at a synagogue in Santa Monica , California The blast did not injure anyone but damages the synagogue
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Spanish police early Tuesday arrested nine people for suspected links to the Basque separatist group ETA , the first such detentions since ETA declared a unilateral cease-fire earlier this month , an Interior Ministry spokesman told CNN . Spain 's Interior Minister said last week that police would not ease up on ETA , blamed for more than 800 deaths in its fight for Basque independence , despite its cease-fire declaration on September 5 . The government and most Spanish political parties received ETA 's cease-fire announcement with scepticism , because the group has used previous cease-fires to regroup its forces for subsequent shootings and bombings . In the predawn hours Tuesday , Civil Guards arrested five men and four women in various northern regions of Spain , including in the three provinces which comprise the Basque country . The nine are suspected of leading an outlawed group , Ekin , which authorities link directly to the outlawed ETA . The latter , in turn , is listed as a terrorist group by the United States and the European Union . Spain 's National Court in 2007 convicted 47 people in a case that aimed to dismantle Ekin . At the time , the court called Ekin "  part of the heart " of ETA , not a mere satellite group . The Supreme Court later overturned nine of those convictions .	The government has said it will not ease up on ETA despite ceasefire The nine are arrested in various northern regions They are alleged to be part of an outlawed group , Ekin
CNN  -- An 18-year-old man was arrested early Saturday in Finland over a shooting spree that left two people dead and eight wounded , police told CNN 's Finnish affiliate MTV3 . Regional chief inspector Timo Leppälä told the channel the police were alerted to a shooting incident in front of a restaurant on Uusimaa Street shortly before 2 a.m. local time . Officers responded within a minute and heard gunfire , Leppälä said . About four hours later , police got word that a man wearing camouflage clothing had been spotted near the center of the southern Finnish town of Hyvinkaa , Leppälä told MTV3 . Police were able to take the man calmly into custody at 7:45 a.m. local time , he said . The suspect is a local man , Leppälä said , and a gun and other materials are now in the hands of police . Regional chief inspector Markku Tuominen told MTV3 : "  It is possible that there are more people involved in the case . " He said the suspect did not have permission to have firearms . MTV3 initially reported one death , citing the police . Two of those wounded in the attack were in critical condition , a hospital official earlier told the channel . It is not clear if one of those victims died . No information was released about the motive for the shootings . Finland 's President Sauli Niinisto expressed condolences to the family members of the victims .	NEW : The 18-year-old man is in police custody , regional chief inspector Timo Leppälä says NEW : Police responded to reports of shooting in front of a restaurant in the early hours No information has been given about the motive for the shootings
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- The Costa Concordia , a half-submerged carcass of a cruise liner , still sits in the harbor where it ran aground . It looks out of place amid the calm blue waters , which belie the chaos of a year ago . One year ago Sunday , the luxury liner struck rocks and turned on its side off the Italian island of Giglio , killing 32 people . Several hundred survivors of that wreck and residents plan to commemorate the disaster by holding a memorial Mass and observing a minute of silence . Also , at 9:45 p.m. local time , the moment of impact , they will light and release 32 lanterns -- one for each of the victims . About 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members were on board the ship that night . Many were attending a magic show and some thought , when the lights first went out , that the sudden darkness was part of the performance . According to passengers ' accounts , chaos erupted as guests rushed to fill the lifeboats and escape the ship . Some crew members helped passengers and then jumped overboard ; remaining members seemed helpless to handle the melee . The Concordia 's captain , Francesco Schettino , could face charges that include manslaughter and abandoning ship . Other Concordia executives and crew members also could face trial . Schettino has said that managers of the cruise line instructed him to sail close to the island and has denied allegations that he was sailing too fast . He said the rock the ship struck was not indicated on his charts of the area . Meanwhile , the liner is still sitting in the water . More than 420 people are working 24-7 to secure it , but salvage efforts are taking longer than expected . Officials now hope to have the ship upright by late June or early July and to tow it to some port by September . That represents a delay by a few months . "  We are working round the clock to get the job done as fast as we can , " said Nick Sloane , head of salvage operations . "  There is a lot of calculating , recalculating and validating the calculations in an operation like this , " he told CNN . "  There is no room for mistakes . " The workers , of whom 110 are divers , live on a floating barge . There is the constant buzz of generators and drills in Giglio 's harbor . The search for two people who remain missing will continue alongside salvage operations , said Franco Gabrielli , head of the Italian Civil Protection agency . The Costa Concordia can not stay in its current position , as it represents a danger for the environment , said Gabrielli . A portion of Giglio 's coastal waters is designated as a protected marine habitat .	Several hundred passengers are in Giglio to commemorate the anniversary Costa Concordia ran aground off Italian island last year , killing 32 people Salvage operations are taking longer than expected
CNN  -- The backslapping and congratulations over the Cyprus bailout deal is still underway , and I realize it is not good form to criticize a deal when the ink has yet to dry on the agreement . Perhaps we should be delighted that it only took a disgraceful bank levy to be thrown out by a nation 's parliament , a week of bank closures with the chaos that brought , and the inevitable Sunday midnight meeting with everyone beaten into bleary-eyed exhaustion . And come to think of it , why ca n't the EU ever agree something during the day , without everyone having to lose a night 's sleep ? The radical and immediate crises have been averted by the closure of one of Cyprus ' two largest banks and "  haircuts " on large bank deposits . The Cypriot bank system will survive minus one shoddy institution that is best gone and a restructuring of the rest -- if that ever happens . The date of 2018 has been set for the banking sector to be shrunk to the EU average , so do n't hold your breath ! I have no doubt this was the best the leaders could do , in the time they had , to avoid Cyprus ' economic collapse and exit from the euro . But I 'm afraid this agreement is nothing more than the usual euro nonsense , beautifully coined in the Eurogroup statement after the deal was announced : "  The Cypriot authorities have reaffirmed their commitment to step up efforts in the areas of fiscal consolidation , structural reforms and privatisation . " CNN Money : Cyprus faces tough road ahead Hang on . Where have we heard that before ? Oh yes . Greece after its first bailout . And Greece after various troika reviews which found , time and again , that few companies had been privatized , that structural reform was bogged down and that fiscal consolidation means all austerity and no growth . The unpalatable truth is that Cyprus , even after taking â ‚ ¬ 4 billion of depositors ' money as part of the bailout , will still be left with an unsustainable debt load at a national level . The Eurogroup has lent the country more than 50 % of its GDP . Worse , as EU Commissioner Ollie Rehn admitted , is that Cyprus is heading into an even deeper recession . The country has shrunk for the past two years and has probably two more to go . All the woes that have been visited on Greece are now about to be experienced by Cyprus too , and it was all agreed in the middle of the night , in a hurry . Cyprus was the victim of being the fourth sovereign to be bailed out . Even though the Eurogroup is making this up as they go along , there are now some common threads which can be seen in the way crises are being handled Bondholders and shareholders in banks can no longer expect to be left alone . They tried that with Greece and Ireland and failed  although in the Irish case the banks eventually did have to be merged and closed  . Now the new normal is that investors should expect to be bailed in to agreements . Large depositors will also bear their share . No longer should European banks be regarded as "  safe " beyond their deposit insurance limits . Anyone with â ‚ ¬ 100,000 in a bank account should be on guard . Do n't think it is unusual to have such large sums in bank account -- I know of several organizations and businesses who keep such sums as part of cash flow in the bank . Northern countries like Germany , Finland , Denmark and company are now determined to take a hardline approach , and they do so because of bailout fatigue from their voters . But let 's see if that line crumbles when a really big European country , like Italy or Spain , gets into trouble . In each bailout we have seen the bark of an agreement , but we have yet to see the bite of the eurozone 's determination to force countries into change . European leaders are so terrified their political project will fail that they cobble together these deals in the middle of the night , and then wonder why the whole thing fails to materialize 18 months later . Take December 's eurozone banking union deal , for instance , which was agreed to with an unrealistic timescale and is still some way off from actually happening . Despite the deal being agreed to four months ago , there remains the very real problem of civil unrest as a result of high unemployment in a number of euro countries , and there is mounting disquiet within the union . Forgive me , I suppose I should be celebrating the Cyprus deal . But it 's hard to be thrilled when all I see are crises avoided , not problems solved .	Quest : Cyprus bailout deal is crisis averted , not problem solved Cyprus will still be left with an unsustainable debt load at a national level New normal is European banks are n't "  safe " beyond deposit insurance limits
A Pakistani woman whose gang rape made international headlines nine years ago has given birth for the first time . A son was born Sunday to Mukhtaran Bibi , now 40 , who became a symbol in the fight against so-called honor crimes . "  I am very happy . I did not think I would live to see this day , " Bibi , of Multan , in Punjab Province , told CNN . The man she has since married , Nasir Abbas Gabol , said : "  I am a very happy father . " "  Today when we leave the hospital we will take the baby home and there my father will name our son , as per custom in my village , " he added . In 2002 , a tribal council ordered her rape by four male acquaintances as retribution after her brother was accused of having relations with a higher-caste woman , Pakistani authorities said at the time . Later that year , six men were sentenced to death for raping her or abetting in the rape . But five of the men have since been acquitted .	The Pakistani woman 's gang rape made international headlines nine years ago She has delivered her firstborn , a son I did not think I would live to see this day , " Mukhtaran Bibi says A tribal council ordered her rape for an offense allegedly committed by her brother
A friend of the man who inspired the viral "  Ice Bucket Challenge " died this weekend in a diving accident . An off-duty lifeguard happened to be nearby and recovered Corey Griffin , 27 , from the bottom of the harbor , police in Nantucket , Massachusetts , said in a statement . He was transported to an area hospital and was pronounced dead early Saturday morning . The Ice Bucket Challenge is a social media campaign that aims to raise awareness and money to fight Lou Gehrig 's disease , also called amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS . According to CNN affiliate WCVB , Griffin died within hours of raising $ 100,000 for an ALS charity . "  Helping out was nothing new for Griff . He held his own event for me back in 2012 , just a few months after diagnosis . He worked his butt off these last few weeks for ALS . We texted everyday , planning and scheming ways to raise funds and plan events , " Pete Frates posted on his Facebook account . Frates , a former baseball player at Boston College , has been living with ALS since 2012 . He floated the idea of the challenge and his former teammates , as well as other Boston-area athletes , took him up on it . It was noticed and covered by local media and that attention , along with the social Web 's viral nature , launched it onto a much larger stage . Athletes , celebrities and politicians , as well as everyday folks , have gotten in on the act . The idea is simple : dump a bucket of ice cold water over your head , then challenge a friend , or friends , to either do the same or donate money to the ALS Association . And it 's making a difference . The ALS Association reports that it received $ 13.3 million in donations from July 29 to August 17 , compared to $ 1.7 million during the same time last year . Social Web tackles the #IceBucketChallenge	Corey Griffin , 27 , died in a diving accident in Nantucket , Massachusetts He was friends with Pete Frates , the man who inspired the viral challenge The Ice Bucket Challenge aims to raise awareness and money for ALS
On the southern edge of Turkey , rolling brown pastoral hills slope gently to the Syrian border , with small towns like this one dotting the horizon . The calm on this side of the border , however , belies the scene on the other side . Just across the border in northern Syria , the Islamic extremist group known as ISIS is fighting a full-tilt battle in its effort to capture and control new territory , part of its push to create a sprawling Islamic caliphate , or separate Islamic state , modeled on the first caliphate that spread across the region in the centuries following the death of the Prophet Muhammad around 640 AD . As ISIS fighters expand their control , it is in the border region , in villages like Besaslan , where the Islamic State group can make some of the money it needs to finance its wars . Oil-smuggling operations involving millions of barrels have recently been uncovered . The oil comes from wells and refineries that ISIS has taken over inside northern Iraq and northern Syria , and until very recently it was easy to smuggle it into this quiet part of southern Turkey . One reason is that cheap , smuggled oil is a much-prized commodity in Turkey , where oil is so expensive that it almost does n't matter who is selling it , even if it 's your enemy . In Hatay , Turkey , just a half hour 's drive away , gasoline costs roughly $ 7.50 per gallon . Growing international alarm over ISIS expansion and the group 's increasingly visible atrocities -- such as beheadings of Western journalists and aid workers , the videos of which are disseminated online -- have brought renewed pressure on ISIS and its funding methods on the borders . U.S.-led coalition forces just a week ago attacked and destroyed many ISIS oil facilities , precisely to cut off the group 's funding . But the border smuggling is only one way that ISIS generates money . The U.S. Treasury Department does not have hard figures that it can make public on the group 's wealth but says it believes ISIS takes in millions of dollars a month . Sources familiar with the subject say that ISIS ' "  burn ' rate " -- how much the group spends -- is huge , including salaries , weapons and other expenses . For ISIS ' oil sales , sources told CNN , the group probably makes between $ 1 million and $ 2 million per day , but probably on the lower end . Matthew Levitt , director of the Stein Program on Counterterrorism and Intelligence at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy in Washington , D.C. , calls ISIS "  the best-financed group we 've ever seen . " Opinion : Will U.S. strikes hurt ISIS ' oil riches ? Levitt is a national expert on terrorism and its financing , working previously on intelligence and analysis at the U.S. Treasury and the FBI . ISIS , Levitt says , is funded like no other traditional terrorist group in the past . Besides revenue from oil smuggling , the group receives money through donations from wealthy sympathizers in countries including Qatar and Kuwait . But the group has another method of funding itself : through organized crime within the territories it has vanquished and now controls . The group , says Levitt , was born among crooks and thugs from a broken Iraq , and at its root it is a criminal enterprise . "  We should n't be surprised , " says Levitt . "  Remember , the Islamic State called ISIS is what used to be called the Islamic State of Iraq , and al Qaeda in Iraq , the Tawhid Network , the Zarqawi Network ; it 's all the same . And they were always primarily financed through domestic criminal activity within the borders of Iraq . " Levitt says ISIS operates as a massive organized crime group with virtually no law enforcement to rein it in -- and its long history has allowed it to set roots and develop over many years . It means ISIS can demand money from people wherever it has established control . Want to do business in ISIS-controlled territory ? You pay a tax . Want to move a truck down an ISIS-controlled highway ? You pay a toll . Villagers in ISIS territory reportedly are charged and pay for just about everything . Why is ISIS so successful at luring Westerners ? "  There are reports that people in Mosul  Iraq  who want to take money out of their own bank accounts need to make a ` voluntary ' -- not so voluntary -- donation to the Islamic State , to ISIS , " Levitt says . "  So controlling territory has given them opportunities that other groups like al Qaeda , who have n't controlled real territory , have n't had . " It is the centuries-honored tradition of conquest and control : What you take is what you have . In Mosul , ISIS looted the central bank and other smaller provincial banks , resulting in a financial windfall of tens and possibly hundreds of millions of dollars . ISIS formed in the void created by the pullout of U.S. troops and the retreating Iraqi army , says Mouaz Moustafa , the executive director of the Syrian Emergency Task Force in Washington . In the lawlessness that followed , he says , ISIS took over , robbed banks , began taxing and extorting the population , and now funds its war and expansion across Iraq and Syria almost independently . Moustafa lobbies U.S. lawmakers for more support of moderate Syrian rebels who are now fighting both ISIS and the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad . He recently helped bring together several Congressional delegations to meet with moderate rebel groups on the border as part of that effort . Coalition airstrikes , he says , are n't enough to destroy the kind of self-financing mob that ISIS has become . Instead , you need to take back the territory and restore civil order . "  They 're taxing the people ; that 's a huge revenue , " he says of ISIS . "  But not only that . They also control sort of the breadbasket of Syria , in terms of Raqqa  their defacto capital  . They 've got the cotton and the wheat and all these other things . All of these serve as sort of economic and powerhouse or funding for ISIS . " Fighters who are willing to do battle against ISIS are frustrated that the United States has not helped them more , Moustafa says , pointing out that it is largely a decision for the U.S. president . "  It is a White House decision , " Moustafa said . "  And it always has been . And I think the White House is slowly moving in the right direction . I can tell you that the policy that the White House has right now -- if it had this policy three years ago , there would have never been an ISIS , and we probably would have gotten rid of the Assad regime . " The Obama administration has heard this criticism before and counters that the President has been calculating in his response to the situation in Syria . "  It 's not difficult to contemplate or imagine a scenario where if the United States had put -- dumped a bunch of arms into that country three years ago , that members of ISIL or other extremist groups would be toting American arms as they wage their campaign of violence throughout that region , " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said last month , referring to ISIS by another acronym . "  So the President has been very deliberate about this . " U.S.-led coalition airstrikes have recently begun targeting ISIS locations , attacking ISIS-controlled oil facilities and even grain silos . But as long as ISIS controls any ground where civilians can be taxed , extorted and robbed , say experts , ISIS will remain self-financing . ISIS : Everything you need to know about the rise of the militant group	ISIS makes around $ 1 million a day , sources say Oil smuggling is n't the only way it generates revenue Experts : ISIS is like organized crime , with deep roots and no law enforcement U.S.-led airstrikes are aimed at cutting off the group 's funding
CNN  -- Tashard Choice recently had a great opportunity to pick up a nice present for his 3-year-old nephew . The Dallas Cowboys running back went up to Michael Vick after a game and asked for his autograph . Well , that kind of blew up in his face . Here he was , just trying to do a nice thing for a child , and people get all crazy upset , just because Vick plays on the other team . In a sign of the times , Choice even felt it necessary to apologize on Twitter . Here 's hoping that if you go out to get a sports memorabilia gift this holiday season you deal with a lot less criticism . But you might feel some heat . After all , there are some cool items , but they can be pricey , especially if someone like Vick signs his name to them . We 'll help you sort through the many sites that sell sports items and point you toward a few things we might even include on our wish list . It 's understandable why Choice 's nephew wanted Vick 's signature . He 's one of the hottest athletes in the country right now , likely leading Philadelphia to the NFL playoffs . If you hunt around the internet , you can find several sites selling a jersey , even one selling one he wore during his college career . The most popular jersey would be the one he wears now , No. 7 for the Philadelphia Eagles . Or you could go for the autographed Eagles ' jersey . That one is $ 592 at Fans Edge . Or you could save a little coin and get one from the Falcons  the team he played for until he went to prison for his role in a deadly dogfighting operation  for the sale price of $ 125 . Want a less controversial quarterback ? Tom Brady 's New England top is $ 760 in blue and $ 1,049 in white . If the person you are buying for digs historical baseball moments , he or she might like a ball autographed by pitcher Armando Galarraga and the umpire who cost him his perfect game , Jim Joyce . The grace each showed after Joyce 's blown call is an example of sportsmanship most fans will talk about for years . One ball , $ 573 . It 's a souvenir commemorating a moment that had n't happened before and probably wo n't again . While neither of those men seem likely candidates for the Hall of Fame , Andre Dawson is one of the all-time greats and is part of the 2011 class that will be enshrined in Cooperstown . He was widely admired by all baseball fans during his 21-year career . You can get an autographed Cubs replica jersey at Tristar Productions for $ 259 .  You 'll have to pay extra to get it in a frame . One of the most exciting moments of the sports year -- at least for U.S. soccer fans and even bandwagon fans -- came at the World Cup , when in its final group game the United States needed a goal to move into the prestigious round of 16 . All-time leading scorer Landon Donovan pounced in the last minute , sending bars and offices across the country into scenes of pandemonium . SportsMemorablia.com has a few autographed photos of Donovan and his teammates celebrating what is one of the signature moments in U.S. men 's soccer history for $ 263 . Hockey fans will long remember the exciting Olympics men 's final , won by Canada when Sidney Crosby scored in overtime . NHL Auctions has some Team Canada jerseys , including one signed by Ryan Getzlaf  $ 229  . If you want one , bid soon , as that auction ends Monday . NASCAR fans are fiercely loyal . But if you are giving to someone and you do n't know who his or her favorite driver is , you probably ca n't go wrong with a Jimmie Johnson die cast . Johnson won his fifth consecutive championship this season and die casts are cool small-scale replicas of the cars used in races . If you go to Johnson 's Team Lowe 's site , there are many cars to choose from , including cars from previous years and cars with the various color schemes used throughout the year . Want something that might make a cool addition to the home office or the man cave ? Consider seats from stadiums that met their demise . For instance a pair of seats from old Yankee Stadium will cost you $ 1,500 at Steiner Sports . Steiner also has seats  or parts  from the Meadowlands and Wrigley Field . But let 's go big . Say you have a blank check , and the fan who has almost everything . Well , Babe Ruth collectibles are some of the most sought after sports items on the planet . Sports Memorabilia offers five bats from the Sultan of Swat at $ 125,253  and 50 cents  . They were used in games at the time he was being sold from the Red Sox to the Yankees and making the transition from pitcher to right field . If that price is too steep , the company offers a store model bat for just $ 964 . Still too much ? They also have a Babe Ruth card by Topps from 2009 for $ 17 . While we 're at it , everyone loves a good sports movie . Look how much bank the film "  The Blind Side " took in at the box office . So , while it may not qualify specifically as "  sports " memorabilia , you could also buy a prop or costume from the hit film . Premiere Props in El Segundo , California , offers more than 100 items from the film , including a green Crusaders jersey worn by Quinton Aaron for $ 799.99 . His stunt double 's uniform is just $ 599 . Other items range from $ 14.99 to $ 1,599 .	Sports paraphernalia is more than just the Topps baseball card these days You can buy autographed jerseys , photos , even costumes from sports films If you have the cash , you can have your own Babe Ruth bat for around $ 126,000
CNN  One of 10 people killed in the collision of two helicopters in Argentina , France 's Florence Arthaud has been described as a "  national treasure " by fellow sailor Shirley Robertson . "  Florence held the hearts of her nation when she won the Route de Rhum in 1990 -- a crazy sprint across the Atlantic , alone in very fast boats , an event watched live across the country with millions coming to see their heroes set off , " Mainsail presenter Robertson told CNN . Along with Camille Muffat and Alexis Vastine , the 57-year-old Arthaud was one of three sports stars killed in the collision as two helicopters transported the athletes to a gorge in northwestern Argentina to film the reality TV show "  Dropped " for French broadcaster TF1 . According to Robertson , Arthaud had inspired a generation of French sailors . "  Brave and brilliant , nothing was impossible , " added Robertson of Arthaud . "  A true role model to the yachtswomen who would follow , she led the way . "  Her sense of adventure continued and she was well known for her TV documentaries bringing the power and passion of the sea into the living rooms of her adoring public . The nation will mourn this heroine 's loss . " Known as the "  little girl of the Atlantic , " Arthaud was the daughter of Jacques Arthaud , the director of the Arthaud publishing house . "  A true character , she made her mark in the sport through her determination and showed to the whole world that sailing was not merely a sport for men ; that women could now also take part in the adventure and succeed , " said the French Sailing Federation in a statement on its website . Despite being left in a coma after a car accident at the age of 17 , Arthaud crossed the Atlantic for the first time when she was 19 , going on to win a number of races including the 1997 Transpacific race that traverses the Pacific Ocean . The boat that she had sailed to win the Route du Rhum -- Pierre 1er -- also helped her establish a women 's singlehanded west to east transatlantic record , as Arthaud notched a time of nine days 22 hours and five minutes . "  Her death has moved the French sailing world , " added the French Sailing Federation . "  All our thoughts are with her family and her loved ones . " Boxer Vastine , 28 , and swimmer Camille Muffat , 25 , were also killed in the crash . Top French athletes among 10 dead after 2 helicopters collide in Argentina	Florence Arthaud was one of 10 people killed in helicopter crash Arthaud was a champion sailor , winning the 1997 Transpacific race across the Pacific Ocean and the Route du Rhum in 1990 "  Brave and brilliant , nothing was impossible " said Shirley Robertson in tribute to the sailor Olympic athletes Camille Muffat and Alexis Vastine were also killed in the crash
RealSimple.com  -- It 's easy to take a lot of vacation pictures ; organizing them is something else . Here , how to chronicle your favorite shots for future posterity . Elvis Presley impersonator Tom E. Lynd looks at photos with tourists in Las Vegas , Nevada in 2005 . Edit yourself The key to scaling down your photo stockpiles : edit , edit , edit . It 's all right if every shot is not a winner -- not even the pros bat 1,000 -- but it 's not all right to cling to every frame as if it were an Ansel Adams original . Toss or delete poor-quality photos As soon as you get your pictures back , immediately throw out any shots that are too dark , out of focus , or unflattering  or delete them from your digital camera  . Many photo labs allow you to inspect photos before you pay and to chuck any shots that have technical problems , with those prints deducted from the bill . Get rid of dupes The harder task is to eliminate redundant shots . There you were , at Walt Disney World , when Junior had a close encounter with Mickey Mouse . You were at the ready with the camera and it was all so exciting that you could n't help yourself -- you shot half a roll . Now you have the pictures back and they all look basically the same : Junior grinning ; Junior grinning and waving ; Junior grinning and waving with eyes closed ; Junior grinning and waving with Mickey 's head cut off . Pick just a few that sum up the thrill of the moment . Toss the rest . You still have the negatives , if , at any point , you want to go back and view the moment-by-moment unfolding of the event . Label your images While your memory is still fresh , it 's a good idea to write a note on the back of the photo -- at the bottom edge , and only using a photo-safe , nonacidic pen , such as a Sharpie -- about where the picture was taken and what people were doing or saying at the time . "  Maybe you have a picture of Aunt Mary and Uncle Harry , and it was on this trip that Uncle Harry dropped the cake , " says Ronni Eisenberg , author of "  Organize Your Home ! : Simple Routines for Managing Your Household . " "  Write that on the photo , because otherwise in 10 years you wo n't remember the story , and pictures are the story of your life . " File your vacation photos in boxes The simplest containment policy for pictures that have made it through the first cut is putting them into special photo cartons about the size of shoe boxes , only a little sturdier . Most of these come with envelopes for storing negatives and photos ; or at the very least , you can leave them in the envelopes they come in from the lab . Always write the date and the event on the outside of the envelope , for quick retrieval . Most boxes come with dividers and tabs for all the pertinent information . If you 're going tab-less , Eisenberg suggests numbering the envelopes as you put them in , so that if you need to take one out you know exactly where to put it back . These boxes , which normally store 1,000 photos , come dressed up in leather or with wrapping-paper-pretty designs so they do n't look shoddy . Preserve your photos with proper storage If you want photos to last , make sure to store them correctly . Extreme temperatures and humidity can dramatically shorten the life span of your photos . "  A good rule of thumb is if you 're comfortable , your photos are comfortable , " says Daniel Burge , an assistant scientist at the Image Permanence Institute at the Rochester Institute of Technology . That means forget about stashing them in the attic , basement , or garage . Burge also cautions against storing photos near the kitchen or bathroom , where humidity is high , or in closets that back up to pipes , which could leak . Put your vacation photos in albums Now that your photos are tucked away in their boxes , you can pull only your favorites , maybe 10 or 20 , to put in a mini-album for easy and repeated viewings . Consider making an album devoted only to one trip , using books slightly larger than the photos themselves ; this will keep the project more manageable , and mini-albums are more portable for those eat-your-heart-out showings at the office . Sketchbooks with ring bindings , available at art-supply stores , make ideal mini-albums . Simply paste photos down with an acid-free glue stick and then remove any pages you have n't filled . Store and share your images online The Internet makes it even easier to share photos . You do n't need to have a digital camera to take part in the electronic exchange or be techno-literate . Many laboratories will scan your conventional photographs onto a CD-ROM , so that you can download images on your computer and send them via e-mail or post them on a Web site . When you get your Kodak film processed , in addition to conventional photographs , you can request a picture CD , which allows you to touch up  goodbye red eye  and crop pictures on your computer or to make a "  slide show " presentation of the entire roll  it 's a more advanced way to bore friends than with your parents ' carousels of vacation slides  . Or at the lab , request that Kodak put the pictures directly online at www.picturecenter.kodak.com , where friends can view the shots and even order prints directly , preventing you from getting stuck with the dreary errand and the expense . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Before you forget , write captions on backs of photos Toss bad or duplicate pictures , put rest in boxes Albums can be photos of one topic or one trip Store photos on Internet to share with family , friends
CNN  -- The drive for a tough federal gun control law has hit a political roadblock . But that 's not silencing Joe Biden and Mike Bloomberg . The loquacious vice president and the outspoken New York mayor on Thursday touted the "  importance of passing common sense legislation to reduce gun violence , " including the need for a stiff background check system for all gun sales . They joined families of those killed last December in the shooting massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , to push for new rules . They spoke at New York City Hall as prospects for a ban on semi-automatic weapons styled after military assault weapons appeared to founder . Bloomberg cited public opinion polls showing wide support for background checks , saying "  there 's no real debate " among Americans about this issue . He said nationwide background checks on all gun sales would save lives , and that the only question "  is if Congress has the courage to do the right thing . " A national requirement for background checks on all gun sales is needed because guns purchased in states with "  weak gun laws " end up in states with stricter requirements , Bloomberg said . "  We remain optimistic that Congress will take action this spring , " he said . "  There is no question that if this becomes law , it will keep guns out of the hands of people who should not have them . It will reduce violent crime . It will save lives . We know that 's true , because in states that already require background checks on private sales , the rate of women murdered by an intimate partner armed with a gun is 38 % lower than in states that do n't have such background checks . " The ban proposal , categorically opposed by the National Rifle Association , would get fewer than 40 votes , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Tuesday , far below the threshold needed to defeat a filibuster or pass the Senate . Instead , the ban could be offered as an amendment to the gun legislation on the Senate floor in order to get a vote on it , Reid said . Biden , who lauded Bloomberg 's "  immense " and "  committed " gun control work , criticized those who say the proposals would violate rights . "  Tell me how it violates anyone 's constitutional rights to limit  ammunition clips  to 10 rounds , " Biden said . "  Think about Newtown . ... Think about how many children and teachers may be alive today had  the shooter  had to reload  more often than  he did . " He worked to raise the spirits of people discouraged by the power of the gun lobby . "  I was told in 1992 , when I introduced many of these reforms , that there was no way , you never beat the gun lobby , it 's not possible . Well , in 1994 , we did . In 1994 , reason prevailed , and we passed the assault weapons ban , a limitation on the size of magazines , and a number of other measures , including expanding the so-called Brady Bill and background checks . " Many reforms have since expired . But , he said , "  One thing I want to lay to rest at the outset : They worked . They all had a positive impact on public safety . " Biden said that the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Newtown was conducted with "  a weapon of war , and that weapon of war has no place on American streets . " The shooter , Adam Lanza , gunned down 20 children and six adult staff members with a Bushmaster AR-15 rifle . "  Taking it off American streets has no impact on one 's constitutional right to own a weapon , " Biden said . He also noted that conservative Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia "  acknowledged that government has a right to limit certain weapons from being able to be possessed by American citizens . " He expressed his admiration for the Newtown families and said their presence has helped move legislation through the Senate Judiciary Committee and gives such gun control reform a "  fighting chance . " "  It takes an enormous amount of courage to be here , " Biden said to the families . "  And you say , well , what 's the courage ? Having lost a child , I understand that every time you show up at something that ranges from a memorial service , or to talk about the circumstances in which your child was lost , it comes back to you in a flash , as if they got that phone call yesterday . And I told you before , I do n't know how you do it , but you do it . You do it . " Biden 's first wife and the couple 's 1-year-old daughter were killed in a car accident in 1972 . Biden argued against those who say assault weapons and high-capacity magazines ca n't be banned . He said gun-trafficking legislation will give police power "  to be able to deal more rationally with straw sales , those sales where people go in , buy multiple guns , and then sell them to the bad guys . " He said the more police are on the streets , the better . The proposed reforms , Biden said , "  will not solve every problem . It will not end every gun death . But it will substantially reduce it . And it matters . " CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report	Bloomberg cites the need for background checks Leaders urge ` passing common sense legislation ' Biden says gun reform proposals wo n't affect constitutional rights
CNN  -- As the mug shots of the alleged killers of NFL star Sean Taylor were shown on television , I kept wondering when we were going to see their parents step forward . I saw a couple of mothers , but their dads were missing in action . Roland Martin credits two strong parents with raising him to do right by them . Dads matter , and it 's ridiculous for us to act as if all it takes is a loving mom . Now , I do n't know what it means not to have a father in your life . I 'm not familiar with a mom being strung out on a crack binge . And when my parents were called to the school when there was a discipline problem , Mom and Dad did n't go off on the teacher or principal . In fact , I can still feel the pain of my elementary school principal 's paddle being applied to my butt when I acted a fool . The principal could only pop me three times . Dad ? He had no limit . Bottom line : I can sit here today and celebrate them and enjoy a wonderful life because my parents were hell-bent on raising their children to do right by them , especially my dad . We can spend all day talking about the ills afflicting urban America -- and there are plenty that are institutional -- but the decaying value of life in inner cities clearly can be traced to the exodus of fathers from the lives of so many young men . Excuses often are tossed about as to why black men leave their children  and their children 's moms  to fend for themselves . But a lot of them are just sorry and refuse to accept the responsibility that comes with raising a child . A lot of my colleagues will suggest it 's too simplistic to assign such a high value to a dad being in the life of a child . But just take a visit to your local jail , juvenile hall or state prison . You likely will be confronted with a sea of black men -- strong , able-bodied , creative and restless -- who have spent or will spend years and years with a prison number identifying who they are . According to the U.S. Justice Department , of all the black men in the U.S. between the ages of 25 and 29 in 2002 , 10.4 percent were incarcerated . Hispanic and white men ? Just 2.4 percent and 1.2 percent respectively . If a poll were done on how many grew up without fathers , I can guarantee you the numbers would be staggering . The rampant poverty that exists has led many young blacks to a life of crime , choosing to sell drugs and involve themselves in gangs as opposed to focusing on education as a way out of the cellar of life . But you see , when nearly 70 percent of black kids are born to unmarried parents , likely to a too-young mom , that puts tremendous pressure on grandmothers  and some grandfathers  , sisters and brothers to take up the slack . But if the person who impregnated that woman were on the scene , not only helping to pay for the raising of the child but also serving as a strong influence , I just do n't believe we would see such a chronic condition . And the black men who have done their job are scared to death about what the tendency for black men to leave relationships means for their daughters . The day before leaving for vacation , I got word that a good friend , Chicago attorney Reynaldo Glover , had died of pancreatic cancer . He was 64 . In our last extensive conversation before he was diagnosed in July , Reynaldo pleaded with me to use my national media stage to be a voice to sound the alarm about what 's happening to black men in America , because he wanted to know that his daughter would have a respectable man to marry one day .  I 'm sure if she chose to marry someone who 's not black , Reynaldo would n't mind , but he realized that as a nation , we mostly marry within our race . I promised Reynaldo that I would do all I can , because this has been an issue for me for many years . In fact , my mom gets angry because I 'm always talking about my dad on television , radio and in my books . That 's because when you see black men who have "  made it , " the accolades are plenty for their moms , and their dads are hardly mentioned . I just think it 's critical to show daddy some love , too . This is not an issue that black America can continue to sweep under the rug . I 've heard countless folks talk about it , such as Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama , who noted that his dad left his family when he was a toddler and did n't see much of him growing up . Even in the Republican CNN-YouTube debate , GOP candidate Mitt Romney said fathers are part of the answer to addressing crime in inner cities . We should n't shame our young girls who get pregnant , but surely it should n't be seen as a blue-ribbon day . Teenage black girls and black boys should be focused on picking colleges , not the names of babies . When a young girl wants a baby christened , her pastor should be asking to meet with the father as well , even if the two do n't get along . We also should be telling black women not to lie down with any fool . A moment of pleasure could lead you to a lifetime of raising that child . Alone . A friend of mine suggested more black men need to mentor young black men . I agree . But that 's a bandage . If we get black men to handle their business in the first place , no one else would have to stand in the gap . Unless black America owns up to this problem -- and fast -- we are going to see another generation of young black men who are angry with their lot in life . And the result will be more discipline problems in school , which will lead to folks dropping out , and that is nothing but a one-way ticket to jail . Black men , it 's time to man up . Enough with the sperm donors . We need real men to stand up and accept their responsibility . The state of our boys is on us . And no one else . Roland S. Martin is a nationally award-winning journalist and CNN contributor . Martin is studying to receive his master 's degree in Christian communications at Louisiana Baptist University , and he is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith . " You can read more of his columns at www.rolandsmartin.com . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Martin : Nearly 70 percent of black kids are born to unmarried parents Martin : Black fathers need to stay on the scene , build relationships with kids Martin : We also should be telling black women not to lie down with any fool
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea test-fired a short-range missile off its western coast in the middle of last week , according to Yonhap News Agency . Quoting an intelligence source , Yonhap says Pyongyang launched a KN-06 short-range missile in an attempt to improve it and increase its range . This launch would be the North 's first test of a short-range missile in 19 months . In July 2009 , North Korea fired a series of short-range missiles off its east coast , a move criticized by the international community . The South Korean Ministry of Defense tells CNN they can not comment on the report . Tensions have been high between the two Koreas since two attacks last year killed 50 South Koreans . North Korea also announced last week it will cut all ties with the South and threatened to strike with military force . It is not the first time Pyongyang has threatened to attack Seoul . CNN 's Jiyeon Lee contributed to this report .	Short-range missile fired last week , news agency says South Korea wo n't comment on it
CNN  -- One out of three Americans under 65 were without health insurance at some point during 2007 and 2008 , according to a report released Wednesday . With respect to health care reform , "  the cost of doing nothing is too high , " says Families USA . The study , commissioned by the consumer health advocacy group Families USA , found 86.7 million Americans were uninsured at one point during the past two years . Among the report 's key findings : • Nearly three out of four uninsured Americans were without health insurance for at least six months . • Almost two-thirds were uninsured for nine months or more . • Four out of five of the uninsured were in working families . • People without health insurance are less likely to have a usual doctor and often go without screenings or preventative care . "  The huge number of people without health coverage is worse than an epidemic , " Ron Pollack , executive director of Families USA , said in a press release . "  Inaction on health care reform in 2009 can not be an option for the tens of millions of people who lack or lose health coverage each year ... the cost of doing nothing is too high . " The study came out the day before President Obama plans to hold a health care summit at the White House . The President says reforming health care is one of his top priorities . The number of Americans without health insurance reported by Families USA is much higher than those reported by the U.S. Census Bureau . According to the census numbers , in 2007 there were 45.7 million uninsured Americans . Families USA says those numbers tell only part of the story . The Census bureau counts only people who were uninsured for the full calendar year . For its own study , Families USA commissioned The Lewin Group to analyze data from the Census Bureau and the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality . Its study includes people who did not have health insurance for all or for part of the past two years . Critics say the number of uninsured Americans cited in the Families USA report is misleading . "  No one disagrees we have a problem with the uninsured , " says Douglas Holtz-Eakin , who advised Sen. John McCain on domestic and economic policy during the 2008 election . But Holtz-Eakin thinks Families USA is exaggerating the numbers to make a political point the day before the White House summit . "  They are simply choosing to report over a two-year window a measure that always gives you a larger number . "	Study : One out of three Americans without health insurance at some point in 2007-08 Study is released day before White House health care summit U.S. Census Bureau reports lower numbers , only counts those uninsured for full year Critic says Families USA exaggerated numbers to make a political point
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A Web site that encourages girls as young as seven to give virtual dolls breast implants and put them on crash diets has caused concern among parents and children 's activists . The provocatively named "  Miss Bimbo " Web site launched in the UK last month and is described as a "  virtual fashion game for girls . " Girls are encouraged to compete against each other to become the "  hottest , coolest , most famous bimbo in the whole world . " When a girl signs up , they are given a naked virtual character to look after and pitted against other girls to earn "  bimbo " dollars so they can dress her in sexy outfits and take her clubbing . Sound off : What do you think about the "  Miss Bimbo " Web site ? They are told "  stop at nothing , " even "  meds or plastic surgery , " to ensure their dolls win . Users are given missions , including securing plastic surgery at the game 's clinic to give their dolls bigger breasts , and they have to keep her at her target weight with diet pills , which cost 100 bimbo dollars . Breast implants sell at 11,500 bimbo dollars and net the buyer 2,000 bimbo attitudes , making her more popular on the site . And bagging a billionaire boyfriend is the most desirable way to earn the all important "  mula " or bimbo dollars . Working , it seems , is a bit of a chore in bimbo world . The site says : "  Bimbo dollars is ` the cabbage , ' ` bread , ' the ` mula ' you 'll need to buy nice things and to get by in bimbo world . To earn some bimbo cash you will have to  gasp  work or find a boyfriend to be your sugar daddy and hook you up with a phat expense account ! " The advice on feeding the dolls is even more spurious , encouraging them to feed the dolls "  every now and then " even though they want to keep their Bimbos "  waif thin . " The British version already has nearly 200,000 players , most of whom are girls aged between 7 and 17 , according to the Web site . Although it is free to play , when the contestants run out of virtual dollars they have to send cell phone text messages costing $ 3 each or use PayPal to top up their accounts . In France , where "  Miss Bimbo 's " sister Web site , "  Ma Bimbo , " was criticized by dieticians and parents when it began last year , one parent threatened the creators with legal action after his daughter ran up a $ 200 mobile bill sending texts without his knowledge , according to the Times of London newspaper . Parents ' groups are horrified that the game is taking off in Britain , fearing it could send the wrong message about eating disorders and plastic surgery to young girls Bill Hibberd , of parents ' rights group Parentkind , told the Times the game sends a dangerous message to young girls . He said : "  It is one thing if a child recognizes it as a silly and stupid game . "  But the danger is that a nine-year-old fails to appreciate the irony and sees the Bimbo as a cool role model . Then the game becomes a hazard and a menace . " One parent also told The Times the creators were irresponsible . Nick Williams said he was appalled when he saw his daughters Katie , nine , and Sarah , 14 , playing the game . Williams , 42 , an accountant , said : "  I noticed them looking at possible breast operations and facelifts for their bimbos at the game 's plastic surgery clinic . "  Katie is far too young for that kind of thing and it is irresponsible of the site 's creators to be leading young girls astray . They are easily influenced at that age as to what is cool . " However , the creators of "  Miss Bimbo " claim it is "  harmless fun . " Nicolas Jacquart , the 23-year-old Web designer from Tooting , south London , who created it was quoted in the Daily Mail as saying : "  It is not a bad influence for young children . They learn to take care of their bimbos . The missions and goals are morally sound and teach children about the real world . " He added : "  The breast operations are just one part of the game and we are not encouraging young girls to have them , just reflecting real life . " E-mail to a friend	Young girls can buy their virtual dolls breast implants on Miss Bimbo Web site Girls compete to become the "  hottest , coolest , most famous bimbo " Site is popular among girls aged 7 to 17 years old
CNN  -- Former Haitian first lady Mirlande Manigat will face popular musician Michel Martelly in the second round of presidential elections in Haiti , the electoral commission announced Thursday . The government-backed candidate , Jude Celestin , was eliminated from the race . The announcement followed pressure from the United States and others on President Rene Preval to honor recommendations from the Organization of American States regarding the runoff election . In early December , the electoral council announced that Manigat had won but lacked the majority of votes needed for an outright victory . Initial results put her in a runoff with Celestin , a protege of the president . The third-place candidate , Martelly , claimed he had won more votes than Celestin and a review of results by an Organization of American States team supported that contention . That review suggested that Martelly earned a spot in the runoff . When the initial results were announced , Haitians responded by charging fraud and burning cars , tires and Celestin 's campaign headquarters in Port-au-Prince . With Thursday 's decision , the council accepted the findings of the review . The vote is set for March 20 . Final results will not be known until April 16 , officials say . U.S. Ambassador to Haiti Kenneth Merten told reporters in Washington that Thursday was "  a good day in Haiti . " Merten called for all of Haiti 's politicians and people to remain "  calm and peaceful " in the run-up to the second round of voting . The attempts to resolve the political turmoil come as the toll in the nation 's cholera outbreak surged past 4,000 , the public health ministry said . Nearly 216,000 people have been sickened and 4,131 had died as of January 28 , according to the latest report posted by the ministry . Struck by a massive earthquake a year ago , Haiti has been struggling to recover . Its troubles were compounded first by cholera and then by the controversy surrounding the November 28 presidential election . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. ambassador calls it a "  good day " for Haiti Former first lady Mirlande Manigat will now face musician Michel Martelly Originally , Manigat was to face government-backed candidate Jude Celestin There was pressure from the United States and OAS for the change
CNN  -- FACETIME : Russian Railways president Vladimir Yakunin Russian Railways is making major tracks into the Middle East . The state-owned rail operator recently unveiled a number of multi-billon dollar projects across the Middle East , from a light metro line in Kuwait to a high-speed cargo/passenger network in the UAE and a cross-national project in Iran . MME met up with the Russian Railways president at the Moskovsky train station in St. Petersburg . IN FOCUS : Russians love UAE More and more Russians are calling the UAE "  home . " In fact , it 's estimated that some 50,000 live in the Emirates . No surprise then that cultural and business ties between the two countries are increasing all the time . MME explores this growing community by visiting a Russian restaurant , university and property development -- as well as the UAE 's Russian National Day party and a Russian Othodox church -- the only one in the Arab peninsula . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursday : 1545 , Friday : 0845 , Sunday : 0515 , 1545	Russian Railways has announced multi-billon dollar projects in the Middle East MME meets up with Vladimir Yakunin , the Russian Railways president Some 50,000 Russians live in the Emirates and MME explores this growing community
CNN  -- After Michelle Obama 's speech Tuesday night , it will be very difficult for her critics to portray her as angry or aggrieved . She rarely raised her voice . She smiled , she charmed , she seemed to tear up . She said not an unkind thing about her political opponents . Indeed , she never mentioned them . Yet she eviscerated Mitt Romney and everything he represents by stunning contrast , by recounting her modest upbringing and reminding her audience that President Obama shared her unassuming roots . It was a bravura political performance cloaked in an apolitical narrative . After Tuesday night , it will be very difficult for the Rush Limbaugh League to accuse the first lady of being unpatriotic , of failing to sufficiently love America . From her introduction by one of the nation 's military supermoms -- Elaine Brye , mother of four military officers -- Obama spoke of schoolteachers , of firefighters , of wounded warriors and their sacrifices . Given Romney 's failure in his convention speech to even acknowledge men and women in uniform , Obama 's salute to them was another striking contrast , served up without venom or bile . From their first presidential campaign , Michelle Obama 's role has been at least as difficult to navigate as her husband 's . As the first black woman to represent the country in a job with few defined duties but generations of cherished symbolism , she has had to endure relentless vicious attacks . She has been caricatured , as she has noted , as an "  angry black woman . " She has been cast as hostile to whites . And her campaign against childhood obesity has earned cruel denunciations from the right , including a remark from an overweight GOP lawmaker that she has a "  large posterior . " She has had to suffer through that privately , never shedding her calm exterior in public . She has had to shield her children from scrutiny and attempt to ensure they enjoy something close to normality . And she has had to carve out an official portfolio of suitable causes . But she has done all that with aplomb , racking up an enviable approval rating . If she was once a reluctant political wife , she seemed Tuesday night to have found a way to enjoy her role . She was relaxed and confident . She was warm and approachable .  She was also lovely . That should n't matter , but it does . Just ask any woman in the national political spotlight . Opinion : Will Michelle Obama 's speech change history ? She wove a narrative thread around her insecurities about how the pressures of life in the White House might change her husband and her family . And she delivered a resounding assurance that the president remains not only loving and compassionate but also grounded in honesty and integrity . He can make the tough calls . "  Well , today , after so many struggles and triumphs and moments that have tested my husband in ways I never could have imagined , I have seen firsthand that being president does n't change who you are -- it reveals who you are . " In a speech full of great lines , that was my favorite . If Romney is a congenital flip-flopper whose views shift with the political winds , Obama 's character has already been revealed , she noted without rancor or even explicit comparison . "  And I 've seen how the issues that come across a president 's desk are always the hard ones -- the problems where no amount of data or numbers will get you to the right answer ... the judgment calls where the stakes are so high , and there is no margin for error , " she said . Rarely have I heard a political speech that so deftly hit all the right notes and so stirringly found all the right chords . Opinion : Michelle Obama has redefined black women She deftly deflected Republican accusations of class envy : "  Our families were n't asking for much . They did n't begrudge anyone else 's success or care that others had much more than they did . ... In fact , they admired it . " But she also noted that Democrats do n't believe in Ayn Rand 's hyperindividualism . "  We learned about gratitude and humility -- that so many people had a hand in our success , from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean ... and we were taught to value everyone 's contribution and treat everyone with respect . " This was red meat served up in a bed of lovely salad greens from Obama 's garden . Who could argue that was n't a fitting entree from a First Lady ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cynthia Tucker .	Cynthia Tucker : It would be tough for critics to paint Michelle Obama as angry , aggrieved She says Obama 's DNC speech was not unkind , yet eviscerated Mitt Romney candidacy Tucker : Obama saluted military , told of humble roots , shared concerns with other Americans She made case for her husband , drew contrasts with Romney without venom , Tucker says
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is recovering after facing complications during cancer surgery this week , officials said . "  This process of recuperation ... will require a prudent time , as a result of the complexity of the surgical procedure , and also because of complications that came up in the surgery , when bleeding presented itself , requiring the adoption of corrective measures to permit its proper control , " Information Minister Ernesto Villegas said in a televised address Thursday afternoon . Vice President Nicolas Maduro said doctors had acted quickly to control the unexpected bleeding . Speaking at a rally in northern Venezuela on Thursday evening , Maduro said Chavez 's recuperation had "  evolved from stable to favorable " but did not provide details about his long-term prognosis . The news drew cheers and thunderous applause from those at the rally , which marked the end of campaigning for Sunday 's regional elections . Officials : Chavez faces ` difficult ' recovery Chavez , who first announced he was battling cancer in June 2011 , underwent surgery Tuesday in Cuba . He has not disclosed what type of cancer he has , and the Venezuelan government has released few details about Chavez 's illness , fueling widespread speculation about his health and political future . On Wednesday , the officials struck a more somber tone when discussing Chavez 's treatment . The information minister suggested Chavez might not be not be back in Venezuela in time for his scheduled inauguration , which is a month away . Venezuelans "  should be prepared to understand " if Chavez does n't return to Venezuela before the inauguration on January 10 , Villegas said . "  It would be irresponsible to hide the delicacy of the current moment and the coming days , " he wrote in a post on the information ministry 's website . The title of his post -- "  Chavez Will Live and Overcome " -- was similar to many official announcements since Chavez 's illness was announced last year . But the message 's tone was markedly different from previous ones . "  The president is a human being , " Villegas said . "  He underwent a difficult , complex , delicate operation . And now he is in post-operation , which is also difficult , complex and delicate . " Maduro said Wednesday that Chavez would face a "  complex and difficult " recovery after the six-hour surgery . His voice cracked as he asked Venezuelans to remain united and pray for Chavez . On Thursday , the vice president said some had criticized him for delivering the news with such a somber expression . "  Our faces are expressions of pain and worry and the most pure love that we feel for our Commander Hugo Chavez , " he said . "  He gave us the order to prepare the people for any circumstance . And we have followed that to the letter . " Chavez has undergone several surgeries and radiation treatment in Cuba in the past year and a half . Read more : Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez emerges from 6 hours of surgery Health rumors dogged Chavez on the campaign trail this year but did n't stop him from winning re-election in October . Over the weekend , as he prepared for the latest operation , Chavez said he wanted Maduro to replace him if "  something were to happen that would incapacitate me . " It was the first time since his diagnosis that Chavez had specified a successor . Neither Cuban nor Venezuelan authorities have disclosed where Chavez is being treated . The government in Havana has remained tight-lipped about the treatment of their close ally , who sends Cuba millions of barrels of oil at deeply discounted prices . Many Cubans are worried that Chavez 's illness could mean an end to those generous subsidies . The island 's economy never fully recovered after the Soviet Union cut their huge aid package following the fall of the Berlin Wall . On Tuesday , panelists at a discussion about a new documentary on Chavez in Havana touched upon the leader 's ill health . Venezuela 's military attache to Cuba appeared to tear up as he discussed Chavez 's cancer . "  My commander in chief has been the man to take on problems , " Col. Eldan Rafael Dominguez Fortty said . "  We have overcome every obstacle , and now with this battle to survive , he will figure that out , too . " CNN 's Patrick Oppmann reported from Havana , Cuba . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta .	Venezuela 's vice president says President Hugo Chavez 's recuperation is going favorably Chavez has asked officials "  to prepare the people for any circumstance , " he says Officials : Unexpected bleeding was a complication during Chavez 's cancer surgery They have not specified what type of cancer the Venezuelan president is battling
CNN  -- A consultant for the Indian Grand Prix remains confident the race has a future , despite admitting it is unlikely to take place in 2014 . Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone cast doubt over the future of the race at the Hungarian Grand Prix by saying , "  Is India going to happen next year ? Probably not . " Karun Chandhok was a driver for the HRT team in 2010 and is the son of the Federation of Motor Sports Club chief Vicky Chandhok . While saying it would be a shame to lose the race which only made its F1 debut in 2011 , Chandok is confident there is a future for elite motorsport at the Buddh International Circuit . "  It 'll be a shame if we do lose the grand prix , there 's no question about it , " Karun Chandhok told CNN . "  One scenario we are trying to evaluate is if we have to miss out on 2014 to then try and extend the existing contract , which is for five grands prix . "  Take a sabbatical for a year and try and solve these issues , whatever they may be , ahead of 2015 and 2016 . " Chandhok and his father have held talks with Ecclestone , who they believe remains keen on keeping F1 in India . But competition for a spot on the sport 's world tour is fierce , with grands prix in New Jersey and Russia set to debut in 2014 . Austria also looks set to return as a grand prix venue for the first time since 2003 . "  Bernie is spoiled for choice , " added Chandhok . "  I think Formula One is in demand . You 've got Sochi coming on , Austria 's already been announced . "  We both spoke with Bernie . He likes India , he likes the Indian Grand Prix , he would like to see it carry on . There are a few issues and hurdles that need to be crossed . " "  It 'll be a shame if we do lose the grand prix , there 's no question about it . There 's been a huge amount of work that has gone in to getting us where we are today . "	Karun Chandhok confident Indian Grand Prix has a future in Formula One F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone says race will "  probably not " take place in 2014 Russia , New Jersey and Austria are all set to be added to F1 in 2014 The Indian Grand Prix was first staged in 2011
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate 's top Democrat said Tuesday he will force a vote this week on whether to open debate on tougher gun laws , increasing pressure on legislators from both parties negotiating a possible compromise on a package that some Republicans have threatened to filibuster . A GOP filibuster would mean Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid needs 60 votes on Thursday just to begin Senate consideration of the package based on proposals by President Barack Obama in the aftermath of the Newtown school massacre in December that killed 20 first-graders and six educators . Obama has made gun measures a major focus of his second term agenda , holding events across the country to push for Congress to vote on the package . Background checks on gun sales : How do they work ? He spoke Monday in Connecticut , the state where the Newtown shootings occurred , and Vice President Joe Biden made a similar call for action at the White House on Tuesday . Reid told reporters he hoped to get a bipartisan deal before the procedural vote on Thursday . Talks involving Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin and Republican Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania have focused on a compromise on expanding background checks of gun buyers . Manchin indicated late on Tuesday the two were close to an agreement and have scheduled a news conference for Wednesday morning . A Manchin aide told CNN they are "  hopeful " to have a deal to announce . CNN Poll : Background checks popular , worrisome Separately , Democratic leaders appear increasingly optimistic they will get enough Republican votes to overcome a threatened filibuster on starting debate . Democrats believe as many as a dozen Republicans will side with them and that will more than make up for the handful of pro-gun Democrats who might not . At least five Republicans have publicly opposed the filibuster pledged by 14 of their Senate colleagues , including GOP leader Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky . McConnell later told reporters his filibuster threat referred to the specific package approved by the Senate Judiciary Committee and indicated he might be open to a compromise . Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , said Tuesday she favored opening debate on the bill as long as amendments can be offered , adding : "  I think it 's an important debate to have and I do not believe we should block the motion to proceed . " Without a deal , a successful Republican filibuster would stop consideration of the gun legislation before any votes on specific provisions . Democratic leaders want to give senators from both parties ample opportunity to amend the bill and are prepared to debate it beyond a scheduled recess the first week of May , if doing so will increase chances of passage . "  The way you put together a coalition to pass the bill is to allow as many amendment votes as you can . We are willing to take the time to do that and have that process , " a Democratic leadership aide told CNN . Obama 's rhetoric has reflected the political uncertainty , with the president and his aides using increasingly personal language intended to shame Republicans into allowing public votes on measures that have public support but are fiercely opposed by the influential National Rifle Association . Opinion : Why the NRA fights background checks "  If senators do n't have the guts to go on the record to vote how they feel on this issue ... that would be a shame and that would be a disservice to their constituents , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters on Tuesday . At a later White House event intended to keep up the public profile of the issue , Biden said Republican efforts to block tougher gun laws showed they were in a "  time warp " because public support on issues such as expanded background checks "  has moved beyond where it was five , ten , even three years ago . " On the other side , the NRA and its supporters in Congress argue the Democratic proposals threaten the constitutional right to bear arms , and also offer ineffective responses intended as political show instead of real solutions to the problem of gun violence in America . "  On firearms questions , on Second Amendment questions , there 's a divide in this country , " NRA President David Keene told CNN . "  To call it an ideological divide is too simple because it 's a cultural divide . When something happens , the folks on the other side from us say , ` well the problem 's the gun , we need to do something about guns . ' " Defeat of the entire package in the Democratic-led Senate would kill gun legislation for now , which would be a stinging defeat for Obama and Democrats pushing for tougher laws . However , a public perception that Republicans blocked popular proposals such as expanding background checks of gun buyers could harm GOP prospects in 2014 and 2016 among moderates they need to have any chance of countering strong support for Democrats by minority demographics such as Hispanic Americans , African Americans and the gay-lesbian vote . With the high political stakes come hardball tactics and strategies . The NRA has long kept a comprehensive scorecard of the voting records of legislators on gun issues , which it combines with campaign contributions to try to influence elections . In response , a group led by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg called Mayors Against Illegal Guns announced this week it was launching its own scorecard to identify members of Congress who vote against tougher gun laws . "  We 're asked many times daily where people 's elected representatives are on gun laws , and we intend to tell them , in detail , " said Mark Glaze , director of the group of more than 900 mayors , of the campaign that will feature more than $ 1 million in cable television ads . Why is this so hard ? The disconnect on background checks While most of the 12 legislators targeted by the ads are Republicans , some are Democrats from conservative-leaning states , such as rural Western states where hunting and sport shooting are popular . The Judiciary Committee passed a package of gun laws proposed by Obama in the Newtown attack by a lone gunman . Proposals in the committee 's package included expanding background checks on gun buyers , toughening laws against gun trafficking and straw purchases , banning semi-automatic rifles modeled after military assault weapons as well as large-capacity ammunition magazines , and coming up with ideas for improving school safety . The weapons ban , which would update a similar 1994 law that expired a decade later , already has been dropped , though Reid , D-Nevada , has promised a floor vote on it as an amendment to the package . Reid and the White House are pushing hard for expanding background checks to all gun purchases to close a loophole that exempts private sales , such as transactions at gun conventions . Should anyone be able to buy guns ? Share your views On Tuesday , Reid made a highly personal reference to his own perspective on the issue . Noting that his home state requires a three-day waiting period to pick up a newly purchased gun , Reid contended the delay saved lives . "  Sometimes people in a fit of passion purchase a handgun to do bad things with it -- even as my dad did , kill themselves , " he said . "  Waiting a few days helps . Requiring a simple background check every time a gun is sold is common sense . " If Republicans managed to filibuster the full gun package , Reid said later that he would find a way to introduce each component individually to force votes . "  It will take a little bit of time but as I 've said for months now , the American people deserve a vote -- on background checks , on federal trafficking , on safety in schools , on the size of clips , and yes - assault weapons . " Biden sounded incredulous that Senate Republicans would consider blocking full consideration of legislation that matters to so many Americans , as demonstrated by polls that indicate overwhelming support across the spectrum for expanded background checks . For Gabby Giffords , a wounded life has a new purpose "  A tragedy that traumatized a nation and caught the attention of the entire world ... and the climax of this tragedy could be we 're not even going to get a vote ? " Biden said , adding "  I just do n't believe they 'll do this . " Keene and other opponents worry that an expanded background check system would create a paper trail that could eventually be used to create a national gun registry , which they reject as unconstitutional . They also contend it would prove a burden to law-abiding gun owners while doing nothing to stop criminals from getting hold of firearms . "  The one thing you know today is that if the government creates a record , it 's not secure , " Keene said , adding that requiring background checks on all gun sales -- the so-called universal system -- raised the question of "  is it linked to a national registration scheme . " However , Biden accused the NRA of spreading false information that the proposed legislation would intrude on Second Amendment rights . Some states already have passed stricter gun laws similar to the federal proposals since the Newtown shootings . They include Connecticut , where the killings occurred , and Colorado , the site of two other notorious mass shootings that contributed to a renewed gun debate in America . From gun hater to NRA-loving mom The current background check system was created in 1989 . It requires federally approved gun dealers to check whether gun buyers have a criminal background or other problem to make them ineligible to purchase a firearm . Under the system , the gun dealer maintains a record of the transaction , but the federal government keeps no such identifying paperwork . According to a Justice Department report , less than 2 % of those seeking to purchase firearms were denied due to background checks from 1998 through 2009 . Opponents cite that figure as evidence that the system fails to stop illegal weapons sales that the legislation seeks to target , while supporters say the result shows the system keeps some guns out of the hands of the wrong people and the system should be expanded and strengthened . A Congressional Research Service report last November cited a government report that showed 9,903 of the 14,612 homicides in the nation in 2011 involved firearms . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Todd Sperry , Joe Johns , Ashley Killough and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : Key senator says agreement close on bipartisan proposal Some GOP senators oppose a threatened filibuster by their colleagues Sen. Reid still hopes for a compromise on a package of gun laws The issue has become a major focus of President Obama 's second term
New York  CNN  -- Featuring a display of black eyes and bruises , a video of naughty Santas in New York on their worst behavior surfaced on Sunday . The Christmas-themed brawl was caught on camera at the end of a day of heavy drinking and has drawn the holiday ire of some New Yorkers . Police were alerted at 8:20 p.m. Saturday that group of eight to 10 people dressed as Santa Claus were fighting on the snow-covered corner of 17th Street and Third Avenue in Manhattan 's Gramercy neighborhood . By the time police arrived , the bad Santas were nowhere to be found . The New York City Police Department is looking into the incident but has no assault complaints , according to Sgt. Lee Jones . Bargoers dressed in Christmas-themed costumes descended upon hundreds of cities worldwide Saturday for the annual bar crawl known as SantaCon . In New York , thousands took to the streets dressed as elves , Santas and holiday-themed characters , as they have since 1997 . In recent years , the debauchery of some of its participants has become too much -- even for some who take part in it . "  It was just terrible ; they were throwing up in the streets . It was really just disgusting . I just put a red suit on and have a good time , " Sandy Bachom , who participated in the event last year , told CNN affiliate WABC . "  I think New Yorkers generally are extremely tolerant of visitors , but when they come in such droves , and then combine that with public intoxication , it has a negative impact in our neighborhoods , " state Sen. Brad Hoylman said to WABC . Despite the brouhaha , city officials are still supporting the event . "  It 's what makes New York New York , " Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said at a news conference Friday . "  There has been some rowdy activity by a small handful of people . " However , NYPD officers were handing out fliers stressing that they would stop revelers who publicly consume alcohol . SantaCon NYC is vowing to clean up its act . "  SantaCon has had growing pains , " the event 's organizers said in a news release on the NYC SantaCon website . "  With a little elbow-grease from the elves , a little patience from the community , and just a pinch of holiday magic , SantaCon can spread joy . " Santacon.info , a website that attempts to keep up with SantaCons wherever they are and assist organizers in publicizing them , maintains a list that on Saturday showed 146 locations where events would be taking place this weekend and next , from Helena , Montana , to Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam .	A video of misbehaving Santas has some New Yorkers saying enough is enough Police were told a fight broke out Saturday night in Manhattan NYPD is looking into the incident but has no assault complaints New York was just one site for the worldwide holiday gatherings known as SantaCon
CNN Student News  -- December 1 , 2014 Preliminary sales from Black Friday indicate changes -- both in what Americans spent and how they spent it . We 're exploring some economics of U.S. shopping at the start of today 's show . We update you on events concerning the town of Ferguson , Missouri and Iran 's controversial nuclear program . And we tell you how modern technology is helping clean up a historic waterway . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- Forecasters predict the 2009 Atlantic hurricane season will be "  near-normal , " with four to seven hurricanes likely , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said Thursday , less than two weeks before the season begins . National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration forecasters predict a ` near normal ' hurricane season . "  While we can not prevent hurricanes , we can prepare , and we must , " Commerce Secretary Gary Locke told reporters at Reagan National Airport , just outside of Washington . The Atlantic hurricane season begins June 1 and runs through the end of November . Locke said it is likely there will be nine to 14 named storms , with four to seven of those becoming hurricanes . Of the hurricanes , NOAA predicts that one to three will be major hurricanes -- storms classified as Category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson scale of storm intensity -- with winds of 111 mph or higher . In 2008 , there were 16 named storms and eight hurricanes , five of which were major . It was among the busiest and costliest seasons to date , with about $ 54 billion in damages , according to the National Climatic Data Center . Learn more about hurricanes and how you can stay safe " The weather agency had predicted a total of 12 to 16 storms last year . NOAA 's predictions for 2009 are similar to those of four other organizations : AccuWeather ,  13 named storms and eight hurricanes  , Colorado State University ,  14 named storms and seven hurricanes  WSI Corp.  13 named storms , seven hurricanes  and Weather Research Center  seven named storms , four hurricanes  . Competing climate factors are shaping the 2009 seasonal outlook , NOAA said , saying enhanced rainfall over West Africa , warmer Atlantic waters and reduced wind shear encourage greater storm activity . Should El Nino develop in the equatorial eastern Pacific this summer , or if ocean temperatures in the eastern tropical Atlantic stay cooler , storm activity could be diminished , NOAA said . The weather agency will release an updated hurricane outlook in August , ahead of what it says is historically the peak period for hurricane activity . Newly appointed Federal Emergency Management Agency director Craig Fugate emphasized that people who live in coastal areas should prepare for the hurricane season . "  We can not tell you where a hurricane is going to hit this year , and there 's a lot of our coast that has n't had a hurricane in decades . People grow up in areas and have n't had a hurricane , and live in a hurricane prone area and do n't realize it , " Fugate said . "  Hurricane season is upon us , and to anyone who lives or works in hurricane-prone areas , to any of you who have family or friends in hurricane prone areas , NOAA 's message is clear -- be prepared , have a plan , " NOAA Administrator Jane Lubchenco said . The first named storm of the Atlantic season will be named Ana . CNN 's Greg Clary contributed to this report .	NOAA predicts four to seven hurricanes , with one to three major storms Predictions similar to last year 's forecast In 2008 , there were 16 named storms , eight hurricanes
CNN  -- Luis Suarez leading Uruguay to a late victory over England grabbed headlines on the eighth day of World Cup group play , but before that match began another team had an arguably more important victory . Colombia 's 2-1 defeat of Ivory Coast means that the South Americans will definitely go through to the knockout stage of the competition , regardless of the results of their final group match next week , against Japan . Colombia becomes the third team guaranteed to go through . Through : Netherlands Chile Colombia There are also three teams that definitely can not qualify for the knockout stage . Defending champs Spain are the highest-profile early casualty , but they 're not alone . Out : Spain Australia Cameroon Beyond that , things get more complicated . Friday sees four teams trying to book a place in the knockout stage , as Italy face Costa Rica and France play Switzerland . All four teams won their first match . Remember , a team gets three points for a win and one for a draw . If two teams have the same number of points , the one with the greater goal difference is ahead , so -- for example -- Costa Rica 's 3-1 victory over Uruguay puts them at the top of Group D , while Italy 's 2-1 victory over England is good enough for second . In theory , any of those four teams can still go through at this point , which is why Italy 's Mario Balotelli said he wants a kiss  on the cheek  from the Queen if his side beats Costa Rica -- that would keep England 's chances alive , if slim . It may not be a surprise that Group D is turning into the most complex battle so far . Its teams are , as a whole , the highest ranking in the World Cup , with Uruguay ranked seventh in the world , Italy ninth , England 10th and Costa Rica 28th . The France-Switzerland match for the top of Group E is more likely to produce a group leader . Each team won their first match and has three points , so a draw will mean each has four and a victory for either side will give them six . The other two teams in the group , Ecuador and Honduras , both lost their first matches and have no points , so they both have to fight for a big win to have much hope of going through . If they draw , they get one point each and would only go through if either France or Switzerland win tonight , and the winner of the Ecuador-Honduras match also wins big in their last match of the group . Got that ? World Cup schedule of matches CNN 's Patrick Sung contributed to this report .	Three teams are now certain to go through to the next stage of the World Cup Three others can not get past the group stage Italy and Costa Rica are battling for a place in the final 16 , but it 's complicated Switzerland and France face off for bragging rights in their group
CNN Student News  -- March 3 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Chile • Iraq and Kuwait • China Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : The earthquake in Chile was so powerful , it might have affected time ! I 'm Carl Azuz . You 're tuned in to CNN Student News ! First Up : Chile Earthquake AZUZ : Aftershocks , still rumbling across parts of Chile . At least a dozen were recorded from Monday to Tuesday . This quake left thousands of residents without food , without water , without electricity and other just basic services . Yesterday morning , the country 's president said that all emergency measures should be in place by the end of the day . Of course , the international community is pitching in , too . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived in Chile Tuesday , bringing along some supplies and promising that more help is on the way . Secretary Clinton also praised Chile for how prepared it was to respond to this kind of disaster and for how well the nation has responded so far . So , what 's with that point we mentioned at the beginning of the show about the earthquake affecting time ? Well , according to one scientist , the quake was so powerful it 's possible that it affected the Earth 's rotation . Based on this scientist 's calculations , it should have shortened the length of a day by one-and-a-quarter microseconds . Of course , this is the second major quake to strike recently . Haiti suffered a 7.0-magnitude quake in January . And while that tremor was n't as powerful as the one in Chile , the devastation that it caused seems to have been significantly worse . Joe Johns examines some of the reasons why . BEGIN VIDEO JOE JOHNS , CNN CORRESPONDENT : The quake in Haiti was a 7.0 , killing more than 200,000 people . The quake in Chile registered 8.8 , as much as 800 times stronger . The death toll less than a thousand so far . Why is that ? Geography , for one thing . The Port-au-Prince quake was in shallow earth , 15 miles from the city . The Chile quake was 30 miles off the coast , deep under water . History is another factor . No one alive remembers the series of earthquakes that hit Haiti in the 1700s . But Chile 's experience is much more recent ; more than 28 quakes in the 20th century , including the most powerful earthquake ever recorded in 1960 . All of which has led Chile to put in and adhere to strict building codes . Chile learned its lessons the hard way , making engineering the biggest factor of all that sets Chile and Haiti apart . END VIDEO Iraq Appoints Ambassador AZUZ : Moving to the Middle East now . Iraq has selected an ambassador to Kuwait for the first time in two decades . Here 's some background on this for you : Kuwait borders Iraq to the south . And in August of 1990 , Iraq invaded Kuwait . That led to "  Operation Desert Storm ; " part of the Gulf War , when a U.S.-led coalition liberated Kuwait from Iraq in 1991 . Iraq was controlled by Saddam Hussein back then . And since he was removed from power in 2003 , Iraq and Kuwait have been building ties . This week 's announcement is the latest step in that process . I.D. Me TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm a government agency that dates back to colonial times . I was first run by Benjamin Franklin . According to my unofficial motto , "  neither snow nor rain nor heat " will keep my couriers from delivering the mail . I 'm the U.S. Postal Service , and my funding does n't come from tax dollars , only from the money my business makes . Postal Service Delivery AZUZ : That business is n't doing so well . At the end of last September , the Postal Service was $ 10 billion in debt ! And the agency says it could lose more than $ 200 billion in the next 10 years unless it is allowed to make some changes . This is why we say "  allowed " : The Post Office is an independent agency , but Congress controls how it does business . And lawmakers would have to approve some of the changes that the Post Office is considering . Among those , no more mail delivery on Saturdays . Plus , the service would look to close some branches and raise some of its prices . The postmaster general , the man who runs the Post Office , says that it 'll take a big effort to turn things around . JOHN POTTER , U.S. POSTMASTER GENERAL : If we make the changes that are necessary , we can continue to provide universal service for America for decades to come . But there are some very significant changes that are gon na have to be made to the service that we offer and to the way we conduct our business on a daily basis . GM Recalls AZUZ : Recalls : We 've heard about a lot of those recently . Now , American carmaker General Motors , GM , is making a recall that affects 1.3 million vehicles in the U.S , Canada and Mexico . The problem : a potential failure in the cars ' power steering . GM started investigating this problem more than a year ago . The company says it develops over time , so it 's more likely to affect vehicles that have been driven 20,000 to 30,000 miles . GM says it 's working on a solution to all of this . In the meantime , a company spokesman says the recall is "  the right thing to do for our customers ' peace of mind . " Shoutout MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. O'Connell 's AP Human Geography classes at Penn High School in Mishawaka , Indiana ! In what country would you find the world 's fastest train ? Is it : A  China , B  France , C  Japan or D  United States ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The world 's fastest train zooms through China at well over 200 miles per hour . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Railway Expansion AZUZ : With the largest population in the world -- 1.3 billion people -- China is making a huge investment in helping those folks get around the country by rail . Now , trains might sound kind of old school ; you might think stagecoaches or something like that . But modern railways pollute less than planes ; they 're far faster than cars . Building them takes money , though . And in China 's case , we 're talking about stimulus money . Emily Chang reports from the railways . BEGIN VIDEO EMILY CHANG , CNN CORRESPONDENT , BEIJING : Beijing 's newest train station looks like a modern airport , and a ride on its bullet train is nearly as fast as taking a plane . China 's high-speed trains have come a long way from the steam engines that once chugged into the capital before economic reforms in the 1980s transformed long-distance transportation . This is how the majority of people travel across China . Old trains like this go as slow as 55 kilometers per hour . When it 's crowded , it 's standing room only and the journey can take days . But that 's no longer the only option . China is now home to the world 's fastest train , hurtling from Wuhan to Guangzhou at more than 350 kilometers per hour . This train is so fast , it 's threatened airline ticket sales . China Southern Airlines is struggling to compete on this particular route as high-speed railways change the way Chinese people travel across this vast country . China is spinning a web of high-speed railways with faster connections than ever before . The government plans to extend 3,000 current kilometers of high-speed track to 12,000 by 2012 . Estimated cost : $ 360 billion U.S. , or 60 % of the stimulus package China enacted to combat the financial crisis . JOHN GONG , CHINA ECONOMICS EXPERT : If you 're investing in a high-speed railway system , you 're sending checks to two million workers that are involved in the railway industry . So , that 's a very easy call to make , politically . CHANG : China 's rail system is now arguably the most advanced in the world . U.S. company General Electric is collaborating with Beijing on technology to modernize America 's own aging rail network . While nowhere close to China 's investment , President Obama has committed $ 8 billion to high-speed rail . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Our nation has always been built to compete . There 's no reason Europe or China should have the fastest trains . CHANG : Just like interstate highways transformed the United States , faster trains in China will bring infrastructure , investment and passengers to destinations deep in the countryside . Critics counter China is overbuilding and that tickets on fast trains are too expensive for average citizens . But with living standards rising , more and more will be able and willing to pay to satisfy the need for speed . Emily Chang , CNN , Beijing . END VIDEO Women 's History Month AZUZ : March is Women 's History Month . And we 're helping students recognize the achievements of women with our free Women 's History Month materials . These Discussion Questions and Activities help students explore the roles of women in fields like science , government and sports . You can find the free resources in the Spotlight section -- you know where to go -- CNNStudentNews.com . Before We Go AZUZ : And finally , we 're digging up some dirt on a man who lives in California . This is Wayne Daniels . And Wayne likes tulips ... a lot ! He plants 3,200 of them every year , and then sits back and watches his yard turn into a budding botanical garden . To most people , the retired teacher is simply known as "  the Tulip Man . " Wayne spends hundreds of hours planning and planting every year . Some people might think it 's sort of a silly tradition . Goodbye AZUZ : But you wo n't hear something like that from our two lips . CNN Student News returns tomorrow . We hope you will return and watch us again then . Bye now !	Consider the difference in impact of earthquakes in Chile and Haiti Find out why the U.S. Postal Service might be making some changes Take a ride on China 's high-speed rail system , the fastest in the world Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
For many tourists , Morocco is best known for its historic cities , rugged landscape and sumptuous cuisine . But for surfers , it 's fast becoming known for the crashing waves that pound its Atlantic coastline . For decades , fish has been big business in Essaouira , the charming , former Portuguese settlement on the west coast of Morocco . As stocks have depleted , however , the locals have started to shift their focus to more lucrative industries . While the seas no longer possess the riches they once did , for many inhabitants , they still represent a lifeline -- only now the biggest catch is the tourists riding the waves . Abdullah Aitdir is one of those who have taken advantage of this business opportunity . His father ran a grocery store in the nearby village of Taghazout , which Aitdir has converted into a surf school . "  Surfing is more profitable , " he explains . "  Even if it 's seasonal , it 's still good . " In recent years he has seen a move towards a more organized , better regulated surfing industry . "  It used to be chaos , " says Aitdir . "  Everyone would just come and try to -LSB- enter -RSB- the surfing industry without paying any taxes , and there were no regulations . Now , there are more rules , " he adds . With Morocco boasting more than 300 sunshine days a year and 1,800 km of coastline , it 's little wonder that surfing is proving profitable . Check out the gallery above and video below to see why Morocco is becoming a surfing hotspot . Interactive : Morocco 's best food Gallery : A bird 's - eye view of the Savannah	Morocco becoming known as a surfer 's paradise Town of Essaouira used to do a big trade in fish - now it 's famous for its surfing Many fishermen have traded in their nets to set up surf schools
Auckland  CNN  -- The approaching election represents a crossroads for New Zealand . As its citizens visit their polling stations on September 20 , they should consider the fact that the nation has quietly morphed -- under the leadership of Prime Minister John Key -- into the political equivalent of an American slave , responding more readily to the interests that motivate the United States than to the concerns of Kiwis . READ MORE : Who is Kim Dotcom ? If the trend continues , New Zealand will not only lose its national identity to its stronger allies , it will cease to enjoy the fundamental individual rights and freedoms that seem to be evaporating elsewhere in this increasingly integrated world . These issues are personal to me . I came to New Zealand as an immigrant , but I fell quickly in love with the country and its people . More importantly , I saw New Zealand as a place in which my children could grow up safe in the knowledge that Kiwi society protects the interests of its own citizens above all others . My opposition to the John Key government goes beyond its abuse of surveillance powers or its leaking of confidential information to politically aligned publishers . READ MORE : Key apologizes to Dotcom over spying It goes beyond Key 's illegal conspiracy with the Obama Administration to placate the Motion Picture Association of America and other financiers of the Democratic Party in the United States . Whatever government is formed as a result of these elections will be charged with the responsibility of negotiating New Zealand 's participation in the Trans-Pacific Partnership  TPP  , an ambitious 21st century trade agreement proposed and driven principally by United States ' interests . Make no mistake ; the TPP is only the latest attempt by the intellectual property industry in America to criminalize legitimate business activities such as file sharing , to destroy privacy and free speech , and to extend the American legal empire to the Pacific . READ MORE : United States vs. Kim Dotcom It is my belief that the Key government , if given the opportunity to participate in the TPP negotiations , will once again place the interests of New Zealand behind those of the United States . These critical issues are some of the motivating factors behind the formation of the Internet Mana Party . The unique relationship between the Maori-based perspective and issues of global technology abuse is more than mere happenstance . It is indigenous people throughout the world that suffer the most from the spreading mantle of intellectual property laws and elitist economic policies . The lack of basic access to knowledge for everyone , and the transformation of the Internet into a toll booth governed by pay-as-you-play American rules , are what motivated me to identify and then consolidate the relationship with this important group . New Zealand is engaged in a struggle , just as I am , for Internet freedom and everything beneficial that flows from it . The task of securing that liberty falls to this generation , as the point of no return is not far off . Those politicians around the present government in New Zealand -- whose "  Dirty Politics " were exposed in Nicky Hager 's recent book -- are the last people who should be entrusted with the future of this great country . This election represents a chance to turn back the clock to a time when New Zealand was the sovereign manager of its own domain . I hope the electorate will take advantage of the opportunity â $ " it may be its last . READ MORE : ` House of Cards ' in the South Pacific : New Zealand 's dirty election	Kim Dotcom is fighting extradition to the U.S. on criminal copyright charges He 's accused of costing copyright owners millions of dollars in lost revenue He launched the Internet Party in New Zealand earlier this year He has teamed with Mana Party to contest September 20 general election
CNN  -- The Italian government has approved the creation of a new task force of 500 soldiers who will be deployed to combat the recent wave of Mafia crime in the country . The army has been deployed in major cities aross Italy since the early summer . Defense Minister Ignazio La Russa told the ANSA press agency Tuesday that " the majority " of the troops would be sent to the southern city of Naples following the worst ever Camorra massacre last week , that left an Italian and six Africans dead . La Russa said that the 500 troops will be in addition to the 3,000 soldiers deployed alongside police in major Italian cities this summer , ANSA reported . " The troops could be deployed for three months and  perform  the functions of manning check points , " he said . This will be the second time since the 1990s that the army has been sent in to combat Mafia crime in southern Italy , ANSA said . Thousands of soldiers were sent to Sicily in 1992 following the murder of anti-Mafia judges Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino . They stayed on the southern island until 1998 in an operation dubbed the Sicilian Vespers . The Casalesi Camorra clan is believed to have been behind Thursday 's killings , which began with the shooting of an amusement arcade 's 53-year-old Italian owner , known to have had links with the clan , ANSA said . Twenty minutes later , three Ghanaians , two Liberians and a Togo national were shot dead at a shop where local residents often brought clothes for minor adjustments . A third Liberian died in hospital Friday morning . According to ANSA , police said the murders were drug-related but also " a signal " that the Casalesi were still strong in the area despite a raft of recent arrests . The Casalesi clan is one of the most feared Camorra gangs . It controls drug trafficking and prostitution in the Caserta region , near Naples .	Defense Minister : Majority of the troops would be sent to Naples area This follows the murder of six people by local Camorra clan last week Second time since 1990s that army has been sent in to combat Mafia crime
CNN  -- OK , so it looks like something from a horror movie . But a customized silicone mask , fitted over the face , head and mouth of endurance swimmer Diana Nyad , was a key difference-maker in helping the 64-year-old complete the grueling , 100-mile swim from Cuba to Key West , Florida , on her fifth try . Nyad needed the mask for protection against box jellyfish , deadly creatures common to tropical waters and whose venomous sting cut short her fourth attempt to swim from Cuba last summer . Because the mask is cumbersome , she only wore it Saturday night when her support team feared jellyfish were nearby . "  I was grateful for it . I knew I was n't going to be stung at all . I felt 100 percent prepared for the jellyfish , " Nyad told reporters Tuesday morning after her record swim . But the design of the mask , with its narrow mouth opening , was not perfect . For 13 hours Saturday night and early Sunday , it caused her to swallow "  tremendous volumes " of seawater , which in turn led to bouts of vomiting . Nyad grew dehydrated , weakened and discouraged . "  That night was hell on Earth , it really was , " she said . The jellyfish dispersed by Sunday afternoon , however , and Nyad did not wear the mask again during the crossing . After Cuba-Florida feat , Nyad to swim 48 hours in New York Venom from box jellyfish contains paralyzing toxins that attack the skin , heart and nervous system and is considered to be among the most deadly in the world . Twenty to 40 people die from stings from box jellyfish annually in the Philippines alone , according to the National Science Foundation . During last year 's swim , Nyad wore protective gear over her face , hands and body . But the jellyfish still stung her repeatedly in the mouth , aborting her attempt about halfway between Cuba and Key West . "  Literally the only square inch exposed of my entire body was the lips . We just could n't design a way to protect the mouth and still breathe while swimming , " she said last month in a blog post on her website . "  Yet these animals ... are brilliant at finding animals to sting and they indeed found my lips . On both occasions , I suffered the paralysis , the otherworldly sensation of being burned alive . " So Nyad partnered with Stefan Knauss , a California prosthetics expert who spent a year developing the silicone mask . They tried many molds and different designs of the mouth area before finding one that worked best . Nyad tested the mask , along with her other protective gear , by swimming through a swarm of hundreds of box jellyfish in June . "  As difficult as the swimming was , I was not stung once , " she said . "  Those deadly tentacles could not penetrate . " And indeed , the jellyfish were not a problem on Nyad 's triumphant fifth crossing , which she completed Monday afternoon after nearly 53 hours in the water . Opinion : Nyad shows baby boomers so ` not over ' But the jokesters of Twitter had some fun with her mask . "  Not only did Diana Nyad finish her swim , but that new mask of hers can double as a Halloween costume . One-stop shopping . Smart lady , " wrote a Boston-based blogger on Twitter . And there was this , from a Kansas-based comedian : "  Somewhere under the sea the King of the Jellyfish yells at his men "  WE HAVE FAILED . DIANA NYAD 'S SILICONE MASK HAS SHAMED US ALL . "	Diana Nyad wore a custom-made silicone face mask to protect her against jellyfish stings Box jellyfish , common to waters off Florida , contain toxic venom that can stun or kill prey The mask was developed by Stefan Knauss , a California prosthetics expert People joked about the mask 's scary look on Twitter
CNN  -- By July 20 , a historic deal may be reached to resolve the Iranian nuclear standoff . The choice America will face at that point is whether to lift sanctions on Iran in order to extract valuable and irreversible nuclear concessions from Tehran . Any debate over whether to exchange sanctions for limitations to Iran 's nuclear program , however , would be incomplete at best and misleading at worst if it does not address the cost of this policy . Surprisingly , the U.S. government has not conducted any study to assess the cost of its two decades-long policy of sanctioning Iran . According to our study , based on an econometric gravity model that commonly is used to measure trade patterns , the United States is by far the biggest loser of all nations enforcing sanctions on Iran . From 1995 to 2012 , the U.S. sacrificed between $ 134.7 and $ 175.3 billion in potential export revenue to Iran . These are astonishing numbers . But the human cost is even more surprising . Based on the Department of Commerce 's annual report on jobs supported per billion dollars of exports , this lost export revenue translates into between 51,043 and 66,436 job opportunities lost per year on average . In 2008 alone , as many as 214,657 to 279,389 job opportunities were relinquished . Texas and California are likely the biggest losers in terms of lost job opportunities , due to their size as well as the strength of their industries in areas attractive to the Iranian economy -- oil and gas , automobiles , green energy , and telecommunications to name a few . Yet , these are conservative numbers . The model only captures lost export revenues and does not take into account secondary effects of sanctions such as higher oil prices to the broader U.S. economy . Nor does it account for how lower Iranian GDP and imports -- as a result of sanctions -- further suppresses Iran 's ability to absorb exports from the sanctioning countries . Consequently , the full cost to the U.S. economy is likely even higher than the numbers listed here . America is not alone in losing export revenue and job opportunities as a result of the Iran sanctions . Sanctions cost the EU states more than twice as much as the United States in terms of lost trade revenue between 2010 and 2012 . Germany was hit the hardest , followed by Italy and France . It is not uncommon that cost becomes a secondary factor when devising national security policy . But as American and Iranian diplomats try to negotiate nuclear deal in Vienna together with their EU , Russian and Chinese partners , the question is not whether sanctions have been justified . Rather , the question is whether sanctions should be exchanged for blocking Iran 's uranium and plutonium pathways towards a nuclear weapon . These are pathways , incidentally , that can not be bombed . As former IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei famously said , "  You can bomb their facilities , but you can not bomb their knowledge . " Opponents of a nuclear deal argue that intensified sanctions provide a more effective route to halting Tehran 's nuclear activities . They also fear that sanctions relief will give Iran a get-out-of-jail-free card and enable it to restart its nuclear program at a later stage . The arguments in favor of sanctions , or against a deal that entails sanctions relief , are debatable . In the words of U.S. President Barack Obama , the idea that Iran would simply surrender to American demands due to the economic pressure of sanctions "  does not reflect an honest understanding of the Iranian people or the Iranian regime . " In addition , continuing sanctions may break the international coalition against Iran . Lawmakers on Capitol Hill have heard directly from Europeans that if a reasonable deal is reached , the EU will not accept the cost of sanctions even if Congress rejects the nuclear deal . It will be Congress , not Europe , that will break the transatlantic coalition by clinging on to sanctions at the expense of a nuclear resolution , the Europeans have said . If the Obama administration in the next few days manages to secure a deal over Iran 's nuclear program , some in Washington will ask whether the deal is good enough to "  give up sanctions . " But the American public must also ask themselves if the cost of sanctions to the U.S. economy is worth shouldering if other options exist .	A July 20 deadline to reach a permanent deal on Iran 's nuclear program is looming If a deal is reached , the U.S. will have to decide whether to lift sanctions , authors say They say the U.S. is the most negatively impacted of the nations imposing sanctions The EU will likely end sanctions if a reasonable deal is reached , regardless of the U.S. , they say
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- Dramatic video posted to YouTube purports to show the initial moments of an attack against Venezuelan opposition presidential candidate Maria Corina Machado and her supporters . The video begins with the candidate addressing residents and reporters shortly after she threw the first pitch in a softball game . Thirty seconds into the roughly 50-second clip , several gunshots ring out ; people scatter . Some board a bus while a voice in the video shouts : "  Go , go , go ! " CNN could not confirm the authenticity of the video , allegedly taken on Saturday in a neighborhood on the east side of the capital , Caracas . Separately , El Nacional newspaper published a photo of what it said was the shooting , showing two people on a motorcycle . Wearing a red T-shirt , the man on the back is pointing a gun at a bus . It was not clear from the video whether Machado boarded the bus , nor whether the bus in the video was the same as the one in the photograph . However , a campaign spokesman told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol a pair of people on a motorcycle fired shots into a bus carrying Machado and her supporters . Machado , who was not injured in the incident , also said that shots were fired in the open , and at her vehicle . Machado is one of several presidential candidates who will participate in a primary election next year . The winner will be the unity opposition candidate to run against President Hugo Chavez . She spoke to CNN en EspaÃ ± ol shortly after the attack , which Machado said left one person injured . She blamed "  criminal gangs " for the shooting and faulted the national government for ceding control . "  The government has absolutely lost control and , in many cases , has been complicit with the criminal gangs , " she said . Machado accused the government of providing some groups with weapons . CNN contacted the Interior and Justice Ministry and the Venezuelan Ministry of Communication and Information for comment on the incident , but did not receive a response . Journalist Osmary Hernandez contributed to this report .	Shots are fired at presidential candidate Maria Corina Machado She blames "  criminal gangs " for the violence and the government for ceding control Machado is one of several vying to be a unity candidate , running against Chavez
CNN Student News  -- Students will examine different proposals to reform the Electoral College and discuss the strengths and weaknesses of these proposals . Procedure Point out that proposals to reform the Electoral College system are not uncommon , especially after close U.S. presidential elections like the one in 2000 . Refer students to the Electoral College One-Sheet and online resources , including those listed , to review arguments for and against the Electoral College system and to examine some of the proposed modifications to the Electoral College . Have students share their findings in a class discussion and discuss the strengths and weaknesses of the different reform proposals . Following the discussion , instruct students to draw upon their research to write position papers on whether or not they think that the U.S. electoral system should be reformed , and if so , which reforms make the most sense . Have students share their papers with the class . Correlated Standards Civics 9-12 Content Standards II . What are the Foundations of the American Political System ? A . What is the American idea of constitutional government ? B . What are the distinctive characteristics of American society ? C . What is American political culture ? D . What values and principles are basic to American constitutional democracy ? III . How Does the Government Established by the Constitution Embody the Purposes , Values , and Principles of American Democracy ? A . How are power and responsibility distributed , shared , and limited in the government established by the United States Constitution ? B . How is the national government organized and what does it do ? C . How are state and local governments organized and what do they do ? D . What is the place of law in the American constitutional system ? The National Standards for Civics and Government  http://www.civiced.org/index.php?page=stds  are published by the Center for Civic Education  http://www.civiced.org/  . Social Studies Standard X. Civic Ideals and Practices Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of the ideals , principles , and practices of citizenship in a democratic republic . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/strands/  are published by the National Council for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/  . Keywords Electoral College , reform , civics , government	Review arguments for and against the Electoral College system Examine some of the proposed modifications to the Electoral College Discuss the strengths and weaknesses of different reform proposals
Islamabad  CNN  -- On Tuesday , the United States votes to elect its next president . For Americans , the choice is about which candidate will improve the economy , healthcare , the employment rate and ensure better living standards . However , for Pakistani citizens living in the country 's northwest , especially for the 800,000 people in the tribal region of Waziristan , the American election is a question of life and death . Malik Jalal Khan lives in Datta Khel , a small town in North Waziristan , and is an elder of the Mada Khel tribe . He told me that more than 200 people from his tribe have been killed through the CIA-run clandestine drone program in the last seven years . Thanks to Pakistani local channels which translated all three presidential debates into Urdu , Malik Jalal has paid close attention to every word uttered by President Barack Obama and Governor Mitt Romney . Just like these candidates , Malik Jalal is also responsible for the wellbeing of his people . He has to ensure that his tribe 's young have stable jobs , children can go to school and sick people are treated in the best possible way . Malik Jalal listened very carefully when Obama said he would further strengthen health care , improve employment , raise taxes on the rich and improve public education . Such promises were doubled by Romney , who said that he would do even better if elected president . This was all good news for Americans voting in the elections . But when it came to matters concerning Malik Jalal and his tribe 's people , there was no good news . Both Obama and Romney promised to continue with drone warfare that has targeted northwest Pakistan if elected . This means that Malik Jalal still has to live with the fear that any of his tribe 's women , children or men like him are all potential targets , as reports suggest the CIA considers every male of able military age a potential terrorist in North Waziristan It means his 9-year-old will still not go to school due to fear that his school might be targeted by a drone . It means people will still not attend funerals , have large weddings or conduct their fruit export or mining businesses openly . Drone strikes started under President George Bush but were escalated in real sense by President Obama since he took office in 2009 . According to the Bureau of Investigative Journalism , more than 3,300 people have been killed in more than 350 drone strikes during the last nine years . So far , according to our estimates , these strikes have only killed 41 of the Al Qaeda-linked individuals who were meant to be the real targets of the drone program . No names are known of all the others killed , and the CIA expects Americans to accept their word that everyone killed in a drone strike is a terrorist posing an imminent threat to the United States of America . In a recent conversation with an American diplomat in Islamabad , I was astonished when he said to me that civilian deaths number only in two digits , according to their records . I was further shocked when I asked him if he knows about independent sources that report on civilian deaths such as the Bureau of Investigative Journalism , or the recent report compiled by Stanford and New York universities . The diplomat looked completely lost . Why do American presidents love drone technology ? The obvious answer lies in American politics . Any president at war can not afford large numbers of American soldiers coming back in coffins . But the U.S. would like to keep its hegemony , and drone technology makes this dream a reality . Now the U.S. can wage war anywhere in world without putting American troops on ground , and the resulting loss of political capital . Drone warfare is also keeping the very strong American defense lobby happy and busy with new technology . But Malik Jalal tells me this does not work for him , his people and certainly not for peace in the region . Policies like drone attacks , extrajudicial murders committed by a state , and covert programs like rendition and secret prisons in timid allied states not only kill people -- they decimate any hope for peace . These killings help extremists recruit more discontented youth . A person in tribal society who has lost his family members in this manner is bound by the Pashtun honor code -- Pashtunwali -- to retaliate and opt for "  badal "  revenge or justice  . There is growing anti-American sentiment in regions affected by drone attacks and some people are tempted to resort to illegal means when the system does not deliver justice to them . This discontent is spreading among Muslims . Pakistani-born US citizen Faisal Shahzad is one example of this as he cited drones as one reason for his failed attempt to car bomb New York 's Times Square . Malik Jalal worries when he listens to war-mongering presidential candidates and wonders if he ever will be successful in preaching peace to his kinsmen if the opponent has only contempt , and a message of death for his people . Malik Jalal wishes that Waziris were also able to vote in American elections .	Obama and Romney both say they will continue the CIA-run drone program According to one report , the program has killed more than 3300 people in nine years The attacks are breeding resentment against America , says Akbar
CNN  -- Huge crowds in the Vatican cheered Pope Benedict XVI on Wednesday as he made his first public appearance since announcing his resignation at the end of the month . He thanked the Roman Catholic faithful in several languages and said it was not appropriate for him to continue as pope . "  I 've decided to resign the ministry given to me by the Lord . I 've done this in full freedom , for the benefit of the church , " he told those gathered in a Vatican City audience hall for his regular weekly appearance . Benedict said he is fully aware of the gravity of his decision but he could not carry on as pope "  if I do n't have the strength that it requires . " He appeared tired but not visibly unwell as he sat and read his remarks off several sheets of paper . Benedict later celebrated an Ash Wednesday mass that marked the beginning of Lent at St. Peter 's Basilica in the afternoon . Opinion : Why pope will be remembered for generations The service was moved from St. Sabina Church , where it is traditionally held , to the Basilica to accommodate the larger crowd of worshipers , Vatican officials said . News Monday that Benedict was stepping down at the end of February "  because of advanced age " shocked the world 's 1.2 billion Roman Catholics . He is the first pope to resign in nearly 600 years . Benedict will keep working until February 28 , meeting with pastors from Rome , Italian bishops , and the visiting presidents of Romania , Guatemala and other countries , according to the Vatican press office . He will hold a final audience in Vatican City 's St. Peter 's Square on February 27 , but the church is not planning a formal ceremony to mark the pope 's departure , the Rev. Federico Lombardi , a spokesman for the Vatican , said Wednesday . Benedict will simply leave at the end of his typical workday -- 8 p.m. in Vatican City , Lombardi said . The pontiff , born Joseph Ratzinger , will first go to the pope 's summer residence in Castel Gandolfo , and then is likely to retire to a monastery and devote himself to a life of reflection and prayer , Lombardi said . He wo n't be involved in managing the church after his resignation . "  The pope is well and his soul is serene . He did not resign the pontificate because he is ill but because of the fragility that comes with old age , " Lombardi said . Vatican Secretary of State Tarcisio Bertone on Wednesday thanked Pope Benedict for his service . "  All of us have understood that it is precisely the deep love that your holiness has for God and the church which pushed you to this act , " he said . The pope 's decision was not linked to a recent medical intervention to replace the battery in his pacemaker , Lombardi said , adding that it had been a routine procedure . Benedict 's unexpected move has inevitably prompted frenzied speculation over who might assume the papacy in his place . Opinion : Huge challenges await next pope The Vatican does not yet know when the cardinals will meet in a conclave to decide who will replace Benedict , but it must begin within 20 days of the pope 's resignation , Lombardi said . He had previously said a new pope would be in place before Easter is celebrated at the end of March . While Benedict wo n't be directly involved in his successor 's selection , his influence will undoubtedly be felt . He appointed 67 of the 117 cardinals who are set to make the decision . The number of electors could drop to 115 , as two cardinals will turn 80 in March , when their age makes them ineligible to cast a vote . More than two-thirds of the final number of cardinals must agree on the next pope . The announcement that a decision has been made will come in the form of a puff of white smoke emerging from a chimney in the Vatican . Much speculation has focused on whether Benedict 's successor might come from Africa or Latin America , rather than Europe , where Roman Catholic congregations are shrinking . The pope 's older brother , the Rev. Georg Ratzinger , speaking in Regensburg , Germany , said he expected to see a pope chosen from outside Europe one day -- but not just yet . "  I 'm certain a pope will come from the new continents but whether it will be now , I have my doubts , " he said . "  In Europe , we have many very able people , and the Africans are still not so well known and maybe do not have the experience yet . " Opinion : Echoes of past in pope 's resignation Among those considered front-runners for the role are Cardinal Angelo Scola , archbishop of Milan ; Canadian Cardinal Marc Ouellet , who heads the Vatican 's office of bishops ; Cardinal Leonardo Sandri , an Argentinian ; and Cardinal Peter Turkson of Ghana . Whoever gets the nod , the selection of a new pontiff is expected to go smoothly . "  We 're not going to have a problem of two competing popes . If Pope Benedict still wanted to have influence , he would n't have stepped down , " said senior Vatican communications adviser Greg Burke . While not quite unprecedented , Benedict 's resignation is certainly historic . The last pope to step down before his death was Gregory XII , who in 1415 quit to end a civil war within the church in which more than one man claimed to be pope . CNN 's Isa Soares , Richard Allen Greene and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : Vatican Secretary of State Tarcisio Bertone thanked Pope Benedict for his service The pontiff will later celebrate an Ash Wednesday mass at St. Peter 's Basilica Benedict cites age and frailty as the reasons for his surprise resignation His successor as pope will be chosen at a conclave of cardinals in March
After more than a week of stalemate , student leaders and the government have agreed to a framework for formal talks after protesters around the government headquarters gave civil servants better access to the building . Talks are scheduled between the government and protest leaders at 4 p.m. local time Friday  4 a.m. Friday ET  , and media coverage will be allowed . The government 's number two official , Chief Secretary Carrie Lam , will be the principal negotiator from the government side . Embattled Chief Executive C.Y. Leung released a video statement saying students should consider the inconveniences to the general public and insisted the students clear the vehicle entrances to the government complex . He also advised students to leave the protest site in Mong Kok . The news of official talks comes as a dwindling number of pro-democracy demonstrators continue to cling on to their protest sites in key areas of the tightly packed city . As their numbers wane , so does patience of some of their fellow citizens . "  At first , I supported them , but then I started to think they are being selfish because they block the roads -- and that 's wrong , " said Virginia Lai , who has sold newspapers from a stall in the busy district of Mong Kok for 45 years . Lai says her business is down 30 % and getting worse . The student-led demonstrators are camped out at a major intersection in the neighborhood , which witnessed violent clashes between protesters and their opponents over the weekend . A CNN team at the main protest point in the Admiralty area also witnessed friction Tuesday night as a handful of protesters wearing blue ribbons -- indicating an anti-Occupy stance -- were mobbed by hundreds of Occupy student protesters . The protesters have blocked several main highways in the city for more than a week as they seek to change a decision by China 's ruling Communist Party on how the next election for Hong Kong 's top leader will work . At their peak , the demonstrations brought tens of thousands of Hong Kong residents together in spectacular fashion , covering large areas of the semiautonomous territory 's central business district in a sea of people . ` Disrupting my life ' But that was last week , when two back-to-back public holidays put work and classes on hold for a lot of people . As activity has cranked back up in the financial and commercial hub in recent days , crowds at the protest sites have thinned significantly and signs of discontent among other residents have spread . "  I am very angry because this movement is disrupting my life , " said Polly Lau , an elderly woman who has lived in Mong Kok all her life . "  I think there will be a rebellion actually , a rebellion of the other 7 million people in Hong Kong against them . " The protests have blocked bus and tram routes , worsening traffic and putting more strain on the city 's rail network . Some businesses , offices and schools have closed temporarily . In Tuesday 's altercation in Admiralty , a known pro-Beijing activist , Lee See Yin , attempted to address crowds from street level through a megaphone and was surrounded by an angry crowd of hundreds of student protesters who began screaming to drown her out . She insisted that she was also from Hong Kong and had a right to be heard , asking the crowds , "  Is this real democracy ? " The altercation , which involved verbal assault but no apparent physical abuse , lasted 10 to 15 minutes . Eventually , half a dozen police came over and formed a ring around the handful of anti-Occupy protesters , who then left the area escorted by the officers . On Sunday , a group of about 30 taxi drivers carried out their own protest to express their frustration with the pro-democracy sit-ins , which they said were affecting their livelihoods , according to local broadcaster RTHK . But the protest movement also commands a lot of sympathy among residents of the city , especially after police used tear gas and pepper spray in a failed effort to disperse demonstrators on September 28 -- tactics seen by many as overly harsh . Is it safe to travel to Hong Kong ? Is it ` deal time ' ? Some commentators are arguing that now is a good moment for demonstrators to cash in their chips before they lose too much support . "  The longer this drags on , the more student activists risk looking to average Hongkongers like irritants , " wrote William Pesek , an Asia-Pacific columnist for Bloomberg View , suggesting it 's now "  deal time for Hong Kong 's students . " "  Why not parlay what 's been achieved so far into meaningful concessions from the government ? " Pesek said . His suggestion follows calls from some prominent figures , including the heads of local universities , for students to leave the protest sites for their own safety . Other observers have noted that the demonstrators have succeeded in putting the democracy issue back on the agenda . But it remains uncertain what kind of deal the protesters might be able to reach with the government . One of the movement 's demands has been the resignation of Hong Kong 's top leader , Chief Executive C.Y. Leung . Increasing fatigue Some demonstrators have said they are running out of steam after enduring long days and nights camped out on the asphalt amid stifling heat and torrential downpours . "  I 'm tired , but I think we have to stay a while longer , " said Kristine Wu , a student who has been at the main protest site on Hong Kong Island for a week . Are you there ? Share images , if you can safely ` We really have to stand strong ' Other protesters among the depleted crowd still holding firm at the site Tuesday expressed similar determination to stay put until some kind of result was achieved . "  We really have to stand strong , " said Luk Kam Yan , a student who had been protesting for eight days . "  There 's been a lot of rumors about clearing out , but I feel if we stay here , we still have a bit of bargaining power . " Student leaders have said they will continue the protest until they have productive talks with the government and expressed optimism that their supporters will stick with them . "  Many protesters need rest after nine days of occupation , " Lester Shum , the deputy secretary general of the Hong Kong Federation of Students , said Monday . "  I do n't believe they are already giving up . When they have recovered , they will return . " But the government appears content to watch the demonstrators ' numbers dwindle as negotiations drag on .	Student protest leaders and Hong Kong 's chief secretary will meet Friday , official says Anti-Occupy protesters and student demonstrators face off in the Admiralty area Numbers have dwindled at pro-democracy protest sites around Hong Kong "  At first , I supported them , but then I started to think they are being selfish , " one woman says
CNN  -- A new study dispels the widely accepted theory that the Komodo dragon kills by infecting its prey with toxic bacteria . Researchers say the Komodo dragon has venom that keeps blood from clotting around its prey 's wounds . Instead , the world 's largest lizard delivers a powerful bite with its serrated teeth and uses a powerful venom to bring down its victims . Komodo dragons are native to the islands of Indonesia . They can weigh more than 220 pounds  100 kilograms  and grow up to 10 feet  3 meters  in length . But their bites are not as strong as that of a crocodile , for example . And they can not hold down their prey . So , researchers wondered , what lay behind the dragons ' hunting success ? Until now , scientists thought the dragons infected their prey with bacteria that lurked in the bits of meat stuck between their teeth . The explanation made sense , because many victims would not immediately fall . They 'd wander off and collapse later , allowing the dragon to feast on the corpse at leisure . The new study upends that theory . It was conducted by a team of scientists led by Dr. Bryan Fry from the University of Melbourne in Australia . According to their research , the dragon 's bite weakens and immobilizes the prey . It then injects venom from special glands in the mouth . The venom keeps blood from clotting around the prey 's wound . And it causes a drop in the blood pressure . The blood loss and the blood pressure drop combine to weaken the animal . The theory is consistent with what happens to the prey soon after it 's bitten , the scientists said . The prey becomes still and unusually quiet , and it bleeds profusely . "  The combination of this specialized bite and venom seem to minimize the dragon 's contact with its prey , and this allows it to take large animals , " Fry said in a statement released by the University of Melbourne . Komodo attacks on humans are rare , but some have been reported . In March , an Indonesian fisherman was killed when he trespassed on a remote island in search of fruit . A month earlier , a ranger in the same park survived after a Komodo dragon climbed the ladder into his hut and bit his hand and foot . And in 2007 , an 8-year-old boy died after being mauled . The latest findings will be published in the next issue of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .	Scientists had thought lizards infected prey with bacteria from meat between teeth New study from team led by Australian university scientist challenges that theory Dragon 's powerful bite , venom from glands in mouth cause prey to weaken , they say They say the theory is consistent with what happens to prey soon after dragon bites it
CNN  -- Hong Kong is cleaning up Tuesday after a severe typhoon struck the city with gale-force winds and rain , shuttering much of the city and injuring at least 129 people . Typhoon Vicente caused the city to raise its strongest typhoon warning for the first time in 13 years . No fatalities have been reported from the storm , which canceled flights , closed schools and delayed the Tuesday opening of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange . Government agencies received over 1000 reports of felled trees as well as flood damage . The city has so far opened 24 temporary shelters where 268 people have sought refuge , according to the Home Affairs Department . The last time the city raised a No. 10 warning signal -- the highest for the city -- was in 1999 when Typhoon York blew into Hong Kong , according to observatory records . The tropical cyclone warning signal has since been downgraded to No. 3 , which allowed the resumption of full public transportation services , but high rainstorm and landslide warnings remain in effect . A No. 3 signal indicates persistent strong winds blowing at 41-62 kilometers per hour , with gusts that may exceed 110 kilometers per hour . An observatory bulletin issued at 10:45 a.m. local time placed the center of Typhoon Vicente 260 kilometers west of Hong Kong , with winds blowing at average speeds of 63 kilometers per hour or more from the southeast . The typhoon is forecast to move at 22 kilometers per hour into western Guangdong province and cross over to Guangxi province . The pre-opening and morning sessions of the Hong Kong Stock exchange were canceled , as per the exchange 's guidelines . The stock exchange will open for trading at 1 p.m. Tuesday local time . Typhoon Vicente roared into Hong Kong on Monday , steadily intensifying throughout the day . The Hong Kong Observatory issued a tropical cyclone warning No. 8 signal on Monday 5:44 p.m. local time , eventually raising it to a No. 10 signal at 12:45 a.m. Tuesday . Tropical cyclone warning signals are intended to warn the public of the threat of winds associated with a tropical cyclone . The Hong Kong Hospital Authority reported 129 people , aged between 4 and 86 years old , sought medical treatment as of 9:30 a.m. , and 72 people were admitted for their injuries . During the storm , at least 60 flights at the Hong Kong International Airport were canceled and 60 flights delayed .	Hong Kong is cleaning up after a severe typhoon struck the city Tuesday with gale-force winds and rain Hong Kong Hospital Authority reported at least 129 people were injured , none fatally Typhoon Vicente caused the city to raise its strongest typhoon warning in 13 years The Hang Seng Stock Exchange will resume trading at 1 p.m. local time
CNN  -- The mother of a 16-year-old filed a federal lawsuit against the South Carolina Department of Motor Vehicles on Tuesday claiming her son was sexually discriminated against when he was forced to remove his facial makeup for a driver 's license photo . Chase Culpepper , 16 , was born a male but is gender nonconforming . He regularly wears makeup and clothing typically worn by women , according to the lawsuit . After passing his driver 's test in June , Chase went to have his license photo taken . But an employee at the office asked him to remove his makeup . The employee told Chase he could n't wear "  a disguise " and did n't look "  like a boy should , " the teen told CNN affiliate WYFF . The lawsuit says Chase was discriminated against based on the employee 's gender stereotypes and Chase 's constitutional rights to freedom of speech and expression were violated . The state DMV said in June it had a policy specifying the requirements for the photograph . "  At no time will an applicant be photographed when it appears that he or she is purposely altering his or her appearance so that the photo would misrepresent his or her identity , " the policy says . "  That 's been the policy since August of 2009 , " spokeswoman Beth Parks said . "  Stage makeup is not acceptable because it can be used to alter appearance . Regular everyday makeup is accepted because it 's used to highlight or hide blemishes , " she said . The lawsuit says the photo policy is vague and overbroad because of its use of the term "  identity . " The suit alleges the employees have interpreted it "  to prohibit a male applicant from wearing regular everyday makeup that they allow female applicants to wear under the same policy . " "  Chase Culpepper is entitled to be himself and to express his gender nonconformity without interference from the South Carolina DMV , " said Michael Silverman , the executive director of the Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund . "  It is not the role of the DMV or any government agency or employee to decide how men and women should look . Chase should be able to get a driver 's license without being subjected to sex discrimination , " Silverman said Tuesday at a joint press conference with Culpepper and his mother . Calls and emails to the state DMV communications office were not immediately returned late Tuesday . The lawsuit is not seeking damages or money but asking that changes be made to the DMV 's photo policy and that Chase be allowed to retake his license photo while wearing his everyday makeup . Two transgender women complain of DMV mistreatment in West Virginia CNN 's Melodi Smith contributed to this report .	Gender nonconforming teen files federal lawsuit against the South Carolina DMV DMV employee asked teen to remove makeup before photo , lawsuit says Lawsuit alleges teen was sexually discriminated against DMV says it has a policy specifying requirements for photographs
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- Residents of the Venezuelan capital on Monday began to experience water rationing as part of a government preservation measure during a drought . The rolling cuts to water service will affect the capital of Caracas and some nearby areas for periods of up to 48 hours , the state-owned water utility Hidrocapital announced . The rationing will continue through the first quarter of 2010 , the government said . President Hugo Chavez has urged citizens to take extra steps to reduce water use , including a suggestion last week that taking a shower should take only three minutes . The government says that weather phenomena are behind the drought , while critics of Chavez say that years of lack of infrastructure investment and planning left the country flat-footed when it came to offsetting the drought . Drought conditions have reduced reservoir volume to critical levels , officials say . The level of the Camatagua Reservoir , which supplies Caracas with about half of its water , has been on a downward trend since 2007 , according to data from Hidrocapital . However , it 's not as low as during the early 2000s . Some water-rationing measures were taken at the time , too , according to Hidrocapital . In Miranda State , which sits adjacent the capital , the Lagartijo Reservoir is at the lowest level ever recorded . "  There will be programmed interruptions in service , with the goal of recuperating the levels of the principal reservoirs that flow to the city and that were affected by the scarce rains this year , " Hidrocapital President Alejandro Hitcher said at a news conference announcing the rationing . Even schools will have to deal with the water shortages , the government said . Only hospitals will be equipped with water around the clock . Critics , including the municipal agency that distributes Hidrocapital 's water to the city , say that poor infrastructure has made it difficult for water pressure to reach some of the poorest parts of the city , according to local reports . The government says that the El Nino phenomenon -- unusually warm waters in the equatorial Pacific that affects weather around the globe -- is behind the dry conditions . Venezuela 's National Institute of Meteorology and Hydrology also pointed a finger at something called quasi-biennial oscillation , which affects winds in the stratosphere . "  This other phenomenon , " the institute said in a statement , "  has a relationship with the rains , and is capable of modifying or changing the magnitude and impacts of the effects that El Nino has brought . " Journalist Maria Carolina Gonzalez contributed to this report for CNN .	Rolling cuts to water service will affect Caracas , nearby areas for up to 48 hours Drought conditions have reduced reservoir volume to critical levels , officials say Only hospitals will be equipped with water around the clock
CNN  -- For all of our post-2012 election talk about the changing culture , the changing demographics and , perhaps , a changing party , preliminary thoughts out of D.C. about the 2016 election have us headed toward not much change at all : Clinton vs Bush ... again . I am as intrigued by the prospects of these two juggernauts , Jeb and Hillary , locking ideological horns as I am repulsed by the thought of half of my life being dominated by two family names . One , Clinton , has risen from the ashes after the White House . The other name , Bush , is so toxic that the past two Republican nominees avoided saying it in public , opting instead to skip their combined 12 years in office and head straight back to Reagan . Face it , Hillary has baggage , but Jeb has Bush , and that , moreso than his record as governor of Florida or ideas for the future , will determine , at least at the beginning , how he is received . That explains why more than a few conservatives were not thrilled to hear that he was thinking of running . Is it fair for a 59-year-old man to be judged by the actions , or inaction , of his father and brother ? Of course not . And we certainly would n't judge Hillary solely based on our opinion of Bill . Yet , as we know , politics is a lot of things but fair is not one of them . I can already see some super PAC funded by -- oh , that 's right , they do n't have to tell us -- creating ads morphing George H.W. Bush into George W. Bush and then Jeb Bush , with a Michael Moore voiceover saying , "  same name , same failed policies . " Politics : Jeb Bush Jr. hopes dad will run for president That would be great for Clinton , or whoever eventually claims the Democratic nomination , but not necessarily good for the country . It 's not a good thing for the country when voters are robbed of the opportunity to hear smart ideas for superficial reasons . Like Howard Dean 's infamous yelp or Jon Huntsman 's quiet demeanor . And in my book , discounting the idea of a candidate because of his brother 's shortcomings is superficial . If someone does n't like Jeb Bush , let it be because of the record of Jeb , not because of the record of everyone in the White House named Bush . There are things I like about Jeb and things I do n't , but both are based upon what he has done . And if we want an election based upon substance instead of that GOP primary circus we had in 2011 , that is how we need to judge both Clinton and Bush . Assuming , of course , it is Clinton and Bush . The speculation is here , but the reality is years away , and a lot can happen . Politics : Behind the scenes of Clinton 's "  shuttle diplomacy " Jeb may not find the conservative support he needs because many view him as a RINO  Republican in name only  while Hillary says she 's tired .  And I 'm sure she is ... tired of not being president . We heard a lot of talk about change after this year 's election . The biggest change that 's needed is a move away from hyperbolic reactions to inconsequential events . In August 1988 , Jeb 's father , in a brief meeting with President Reagan , introduced three of his grandchildren to the Gipper this way : "  These are Jebby 's kids from Florida , the little brown ones . " Call me crazy , but I doubt at any point in Jeb 's life would he introduce his children to anyone as "  the little brown ones . " This is n't to paint the father as anything scandalous but to make the point that Jeb is his own person , with his own thoughts and own ideas . Earlier this year , Jeb Bush spoke his own mind , calling the rhetoric during the Republican primary disturbing and saying that his party was behaving stupidly with regard to Latino voters . I do n't recall his brother or dad being that bold in criticizing his own party . Jeb deserves to be credited , or discredited , on his own merit , not on the record of the men who served as president before him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : For all the talk of change , 2016 may be another Bush-Clinton race Bush name carries negatives ; so toxic that McCain and Romney avoided it , he says LZ : It 's not fair to judge Jeb Bush by the actions of George H.W. Bush , George W. Bush He says we should examine the potential candidates on their merits , not family names
Washington  CNN  -- MIT economics professor Jonathan Gruber apologized Tuesday for his "  glib , thoughtless and sometimes downright insulting comments " about Obamacare and the intelligence of American voters . Gruber , who had tremendous influence in shaping the Affordable Care Act , came under fire last month after newly unearthed videos showed him suggesting that Democrats purposefully misled Americans while passing the President 's signature health care law . "  I would like to begin by apologizing sincerely for the offending comments that I made , " he said in his testimony before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . "  I sincerely apologize both for conjecturing with a tone of expertise and for doing so in such a disparaging fashion , " Gruber added . "  It is never appropriate to try to make oneself seem more important or smarter by demeaning others . I know better . I knew better . I am embarrassed , and I am sorry . " Years-old but newly surfaced video show Gruber saying the legislation was drafted amd sold to the public in a way that masked the penalty for not getting health insurance , so that voters would n't consider it a tax . Calling the plan a "  clever " and "  basic exploitation of the lack of economic understanding of the American voter , " Gruber hailed how the measure passed "  because the American people are too stupid to understand the difference . " While Gruber has previously described himself as an "  architect " of Obamacare , he sharply denied the label on Tuesday , arguing that his role in the legislation has been inflated in the past . Still , he helped create the health care law in Massachusetts under then Gov. Mitt Romney , and went on to play a key role in crafting the idea behind the series of exchanges , subsidies and taxes that form the federal law 's centerpiece . Both Democrats and Republicans hounded Gruber during the hearing . House Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa blasted his initial comments as an "  insult " to voters , while ranking member Elijah Cummings , the top Democrat on the committee , slammed Gruber 's remarks as "  absolutely stupid " and "  irresponsible . " Cummings added that he was "  extremely frustrated " because it "  gave Republicans a public relations gift in their relentless political campaign to tear down the ACA . " At one point , Rep. Cynthia Lummis of Wyoming referenced her recently deceased husband to issue a sharp warning to Gruber . Her husband , she said , was having chest pains , but due to confusion over whether the couple was covered by Obamacare , he did n't have all the tests the doctor recommended . He died from a heart attack in his sleep Oct. 24 . "  The so-called glibness that has been referenced today have direct consequences for real American people , so get over your damn glibness , " Lummis said . While he regretted his initial comments , Gruber did not deny the substance of the arguments he was making about the legislation . He also drew ire from lawmakers when he confirmed that he was paid nearly $ 400,000 for his work on the health care law but said he could not recall how much he received for other federal and state contracts -- a sum estimated to be in the millions . Issa and Republican members of the committee threatened to subpoena Gruber for that information . "  It is very clear we 're going to have to do more discovery , " Issa said at the end of the hearing . While Gruber conceded that he "  behaved badly , " he defended the Affordable Care Act as a significant law that benefits the public . "  My own inexcusable arrogance is not a flaw in the Affordable Care Act . "	Jonathan Gruber appeared before a House hearing on Tuesday Gruber said "  My own inexcusable arrogance is not a flaw in the Affordable Care Act "
CNN  -- On Friday afternoon , Kasper Ilaug was inside his summer house , a cabin on Norway 's Storoya Island , watching the Tour de France when the television broadcast was interrupted by a news flash -- a bomb had exploded in nearby Oslo . The bicycle race was almost over , and the 53-year-old computer programmer clicked through other channels in an attempt to keep watching the race . No luck . "  I was a little annoyed " they were all focused on the explosion , he told CNN by phone . But his interest picked up when he saw that the building that had borne the brunt of the blast was Oslo 's Government House , where his father used to work and his ex-wife and her new husband currently work . He texted his daughter to find out how her mother was . She returned his query . Fine . Then his phone rang -- a friend who lives 22 kilometers  14 miles  south of Olso sounded agitated . "  He said , ` You have to get in the boat of a friend of ours and rescue people from Utoya  Island  , because something terrible is happening there , ' " said Ilaug . "  I thought he was joking with me . " But Ilaug grabbed his iPad and cell phone , and donned a bright-yellow jacket , a red helmet and red water-shoes to protect himself from the driving rain . He then ran down to the 18-foot fishing boat , and its 50-horsepower engine . The temperature outside was a brisk 15 degrees C  59 degrees F  . Within 15 minutes , he was at Utoya Island . He saw people in a handful of other private boats that had lined up along the shore . "  We saw some youngsters laying there and waving to us , " he said . "  They were terrified . " Along the shore were children crouched behind rocks and buildings and shrubs . "  They waved to me , " he said . "  Then I got this text message from one of my friends that said there 's a lunatic out there shooting people . " Then he saw helicopters flying overhead . By now , he had realized it was no joke . Ilaug brought the boat along the shore and children clambered in , as many as the boat could handle without sinking . The children -- most of them in bathing suits or half-dressed -- were shivering . "  Of course , they were in shock , " he said . He observed one group of children behind rocks . "  I tried to wave to them and to get their attention , but I did n't get a response , " he said . "  I thought , maybe they are still in shock or laying behind that rock for shelter . " He understands now that they were dead . "  They asked if I was police . I said , ` No , I 'm just a private person . Our objective is to go to shore , and you will get blankets and you will find police and medical attention . ' " Then , several of them told him that a policeman had shot at them . He focused on the matter at hand -- promising those whom he could not accommodate that he would return soon , then motoring toward the mainland , about a half mile away . There , dozens of ambulances were lined up along the shore to receive them . "  I think I made three trips , " he said . "  They were so grateful . These youngsters , they said , ` Thank you , thank you , thank you , thank you . ' One girl started crying . " He tried to keep her from causing others to panic . "  We have to have an agreement , " he told his passengers . "  We should keep quiet until we get out of here . " He knew he 'd placed himself in a vulnerable position . But the danger did n't deter him . "  I realized that me sitting there in the boat with my red helmet and yellow jacket would be a perfect target , " he recalled . "  I thought , well , we are here and we have some things to do and I am happy that we managed to get so many of the youngsters . " After he had delivered his final group and could see no more children along the shore , he returned to the island where he has his summer home , opened the golf house for police to use , then went back to his cabin . There , he prepared a cup of coffee and some bread "  and I suddenly understood what I had been through . " Ilaug texted his daughter that he was OK , sent a message to his sister on holiday in Greece and to his niece "  and told her that we were doing what we had to do . " Hours later , he considered his efforts nothing special . Not in Norway , a place he said is full of calm , down-to-earth people . "  There 's a lot of other people as well here who have done the same thing that I have done , " he said . "  We 're pretty earth-like , grounded people . " "  We 're just 4.7 million people . Nothing much happens here . Even in a catastrophic situation like this , we keep calm . I 'm just an ordinary Norwegian people . I expect that other Norwegians would do the same thing for me in a same or similar situation . " By early Saturday , he was still awake -- and still did not know who had won the latest stage of the Tour de France .	Kasper Ilaug was watching TV on an island near Oslo when he heard news of the bombing He took a boat to nearby Utoya Island , where he picked up children hiding alongshore He calls his efforts nothing special , saying Norwegians are "  calm " and "  grounded "
London , England  CNN  -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown is denying allegations of "  abusive behavior " and "  volcanic eruptions of foul temper " ahead of the publication of a new book by a top British political journalist . The claims come in a book by Andrew Rawnsley of the Observer newspaper , which will be released March 1 . The newspaper began running excerpts on Sunday . "  These malicious allegations are totally without foundation , " Brown 's official spokesman said in a statement Saturday . The spokesman is traditionally not quoted by name . The Observer claimed that Brown 's behavior upset staff at his office , 10 Downing Street , so much so that the head of the civil service launched an investigation and "  ordered " the prime minister "  to change his behavior . " Britain has a professional civil service which runs the administration of the government , distinct from elected politicians . The Cabinet Office , a part of the civil service , issued a strongly-worded denial that Sir Gus O'Donnell had looked into Brown 's behavior or warned him about it . "  It is categorically not the case that the Cabinet secretary asked for an investigation of the  prime minister 's  treatment of Number 10 staff , " his office said in a statement . "  These assertions have been put to the Cabinet secretary who has rejected them . " Before the publication of the excerpts from the book , there were rumors it would allege that Brown had hit staffers , which he denied Saturday . "  Let me just say , absolutely clearly , so that there is no misunderstanding about that : I have never , never hit anybody in my life , " he said , according to a statement from his office . The book , "  The End of the Party , " apparently does not claim the prime minister hit people . Brown is required by law to call an election by June this year . The date has not yet been announced , but it is widely expected to be May 6 , and the election campaign has already started . One of the top strategists in Brown 's Labour Party , Peter Mandelson , declined to deny that Brown had a temper , but painted his personality as a virtue . "  I do n't think he so much bullies people as he 's very demanding of people . He 's demanding of himself , he 's demanding of people around him , " Mandelson said on the BBC 's "  Andrew Marr Show " on Sunday . "  He does not like taking no for an answer ... . there is a degree of impatience about the man , but what would you like ? Some sort of shrinking violet at the helm of the government ? " Mandelson asked . Mandelson laughed and dodged a question from Marr about whether Brown had ever hit him or shouted at him . But he said Rawnsley had a history of writing about events he had not witnessed . "  He 's a very good , colorful writer , but that 's it , " Mandelson said .	Brown accused of "  abusive behavior " , "  volcanic eruptions of foul temper " Journalist claims Brown 's behavior was investigated by a top civil servant Brown "  ordered to change his behavior , " Andrew Rawnsley 's book claims Brown spokesman : "  Malicious allegations are totally without foundation "
Multicultural , multilingual and multifaceted , there 's more to Miami than meets the eye . Make the most of your stay with these tips . Miami Beach during Spring Break may not be to everyone 's taste . Get around Miami is a sprawling city and exploring it on foot just is n't an option . Unless you 're planning on spending all your time on the beach , you 're probably going to want your own set of wheels . There are car hire places scattered throughout the city , but if you want to cruise Ocean Drive in style you can hire a Harley-Davidson from Peterson 's  19400 NW 2nd Avenue  , from $ 100 a day . But before you hop on that hog , a word of caution : Miami 's motorists have been named the most aggressive in the U.S. for the last two years . If you 're in Downtown , the Metromover is an automated monorail that you can ride for free . It also makes a good vantage point for photographing the surrounding skyscrapers . If you 're out and about in Coral Gables you can take advantage of the recently launched a free shuttle service . Life 's a beach If you 're in Miami , the chances are you 'll be wanting to kick back and soak up some of that glorious Florida sunshine . South Beach is the classic Miami sunning spot , but if you want to avoid the crowds , Sunny Isles Beach , at the northern end of Miami Beach , is a better bet . Nearby , Haulover Beach is another good bet and is "  clothing optional " -- handy if you 're trying for an all-over tan . A little further afield , Key Biscayne , five miles from the mainland , has some great beaches , as does Fort Lauderdale , some 30 miles north of Miami . Do you live in Miami ? Share some insider tips of your own . Breaking point From early March to mid April Miami is plagued by a voracious swarm of college kids on their spring break . These exuberant youngsters descend on South Beach , intent on playing beach volleyball , partying hard and vomiting in public . Unless hanging out with beer-belching frat boys is your thing  and why would n't it be ?  , Miami is best avoided during this period . A city for all seasons Because Miami is a beach destination , it has definite holiday seasons . December to March is the peak season . Hotel prices can double , or even triple , and you 'll need to book well in advance . Summer means guaranteed sunshine , but it also means tropical downpours . It can also be unbearably humid , all of which means plummeting hotel prices . June to November is hurricane season , although Florida has an excellent advance warning system , which you 'd do well to heed . Evergreen Everglades If you can muster the energy to haul yourself off the beach , hire a car and head west to the Evergaldes , a vast , swampy area filled with alligators , flamingoes and hundreds of bird species . Entrance to the Everglade National Park is $ 10 per car , which grants you access to 1.5 million acres of a unique ecosystem . Just off the southern tip of the Everglades are the Florida Keys , a 130-mile-long chain of coral islands linked by the Overseas Highway . These laid back islands are a world away form the frenetic glamour of Miami Beach . The Keys offer fishing , kayaking and snorkeling , as well as some fine beaches .	Miami is a sprawling city -- you 'll need a car if you want to explore it Hotel prices can fluctuate wildly between low season and high season Take a day trip to the Everglades or spend some time in the Florida Keys
CNN  -- U.S. Sen. Tom Coburn announced Thursday that he will retire at the end of the current congressional session , ending his six-year term two years early . The Oklahoma Republican , 65 , has been battling cancer . "  But this decision is n't about my health , my prognosis or even my hopes and desires , " he said in a statement . "  As a citizen , I am now convinced that I can best serve my own children and grandchildren by shifting my focus elsewhere . In the meantime , I look forward to finishing this year strong . " Coburn is a doctor who specialized in obstetrics before embarking on his political career . "  As dysfunctional as Washington is these days , change is still possible when ` We the People ' get engaged , run for office themselves or make their voices heard . After all , how else could a country doctor from Muskogee with no political experience make it to Washington ? " he wrote . Before his time in the Senate , Coburn served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1995 through 2001 , according to a biography on his website . In 2004 , he was elected to serve in the Senate ; he was re-elected in 2010 . Coburn and his wife have three children and seven grandchildren , according to the biography . "  My commitment to the people of Oklahoma has always been that I would serve no more than two terms . Our founders saw public service and politics as a calling rather than a career . That 's how I saw it when I first ran for office in 1994 , and that 's how I still see it today , " he wrote in Thursday 's statement . CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Coburn will step down at the end of the current congressional session The Oklahoma Republican has been battling cancer He says he looks forward to finishing this year strong
CNN  -- An important hydroelectric dam shared by Brazil and Paraguay failed Tuesday night , pushing a large swath of central and southern Brazil into darkness , said the country 's minister of mines and energy , Edison Lobao . At about 10:30 p.m.  7:30 p.m. ET  , the Itaipu dam shut down completely , Lobao said in a radio interview . Power began to slowly return Tuesday night , and authorities expected a restoration of power overnight , Lobao said . An official at Brazil 's National Electric System Operator told CNN that the incident at Itaipu caused an outage of 18,000 megawatts . The official declined to be named because he was not authorized to talk to the media . The outage was approximately equivalent to the amount of energy needed to power the state of Sao Paulo and its 20 million residents , the official said . "  Everything 's fine , " the official said , adding that as Itaipu rebooted , it would repower the affected regions . Millions of people were affected by the blackout in six Brazilian states that included the cities of Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo . The capital , Brasilia , was unaffected , CNN en Español reported . Neighboring Paraguay and Uruguay also reported related blackouts , Lobao said . Rio 's main streets and avenues were in a total blackout . Video footage showed long lines of cars at a near standstill on the roads , and the subway system in Rio came to a stop . Itaipu provides more than 20 percent of Brazil 's energy .	Minister : Itaipu dam shut down at about 10:30 p.m. Some power returns to Rio de Janeiro , Sao Paulo shortly after Neighboring Paraguay , Uruguay report related blackouts Hydroelectric dam provides over 20 percent of Brazil 's energy
CNN  -- Thousands of travelers have been left in the lurch around the world after the carrier Air Australia went into administration and grounded its fleet Friday . "  It currently appears that there are no funds available to meet operational expenses so flights will be suspended immediately , " the company said in joint statement Friday with its newly appointed administrators , KordaMentha . About 4,000 passengers in total have been left stranded in Hawaii , Thailand , Indonesia and Australia as a result of the suspension , said Michael Smith , a spokesman for KordaMentha . "  It also appears highly unlikely there will be any flights in the short to medium term , " the airline 's statement said , advising passengers to make alternative arrangements . The airline had sold about 100,000 tickets for future flights , Smith said . With no indication from Air Australia when it might resume operations , those tickets could end up worthless . Some customers may be entitled to refunds , the airline said , depending on how they bought their tickets . But it added that customers without the relevant insurance who paid in cash are unlikely to be eligible for refunds . "  Apparently , the straw that broke camel 's back was inability to pay for airline fuel , " said Michael Ilyine , an accountant from Geelong , Australia . Ilyine and his wife were on their honeymoon in Thailand when they were left stuck at the airport in Phuket , he said , after their Air Australia flight was grounded with their baggage in the hold . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Air Australia runs out of money , leaving about 4,000 passengers stranded The airline has gone into administration and grounded its fleet It advises customers to make alternative travel arrangements People are left stranded in Hawaii , Thailand , Indonesia and Australia
AMSTETTEN , Austria  CNN  -- Josef Fritzl , who Austrian police say has confessed to imprisoning his daughter for 24 years and fathering seven of her children , twice holidayed in Thailand while she remained trapped in a cellar below his house , according to German media reports . Josef Fritzl appeared in court after admitting raping his daughter and fathering her seven children . Germany 's Bild newspaper quoted a holiday companion , identified only as Paul H , who said he and 73-year-old Fritzl traveled to Thailand together twice and spent time in each other 's homes . "  He went -LSB- to Thailand -RSB- without his wife ; apparently she had to look after the children . ... Once he had a very long massage from a young Thai girl at the beach . He really loved that , " Paul H told the newspaper , which featured video of Fritzl laughing and receiving a massage in Thailand on its Web site . "  Once I saw how Josef bought an evening dress and racy lingerie for a very slim woman in Pattaya -LSB- Thailand -RSB- on the beach . He got really angry when he realized I saw him . Then he told me that he has a girlfriend on the side . The items were meant for her . He told me not to tell his wife . " Watch footage of Fritzl on vacation at a Thai beach resort " The pair had also ventured to Oktoberfest . Paul H said he had visited Fritzl 's house three times , the last in 2005 . "  We sat out on the terrace and had a really nice evening . ... The kids were well-behaved , however ; they had a great respect for their father . They were never allowed downstairs into the cellar , but we never thought anything of it , " he told Bild . "  Now that I think of the dungeon down there , I feel really sick in the stomach . " Paul H said Fritzl was a DIY "  genius , " constantly extending and building on to the house . Meanwhile , family members at the center of the incest and imprisonment case have held an "  astonishing " reunion , medical officials said . "  They met each other on Sunday morning , " clinic director Berthold Kepplinger said Tuesday . "  And it is astonishing how easy it worked , that the children came together , and also it was astonishing how easy it happened that the grandmother and the mother came together . " Investigators say Fritzl held his daughter , Elisabeth , captive in a cellar for 24 years . He raped her repeatedly , they say , and eventually fathered seven of her children . Elisabeth and two of her children were reunited Sunday with three of her other children and her mother , Kepplinger said Tuesday . The three children and her mother lived in the home above the cellar . Elisabeth 's eldest child , 19-year-old Kerstin Fritzl , remains in hospital . A seventh child died years ago , shortly after birth . Fritzl told police he burned the infant 's body in a furnace . The story of the family 's imprisonment began to unravel a week ago , when Kerstin fell seriously ill with convulsions and was hospitalized . Austrian police Wednesday denied reports that they were investigating possible links between Fritzl and the unsolved murder of a woman . Franz Polzer , director of the Lower Austrian Bureau of Criminal Affairs , said Fritzl had owned an Austrian hotel near where a woman was found murdered decades ago . However , they were not investigating the incident at this stage . Meanwhile , an Austrian girl who was held prisoner in a basement for eight years said the family faced a long period of adjustment . See how Austrians are troubled by the case " Natascha Kampusch was 10 years old when she was kidnapped on her way to school in March 1998 . She escaped from a bunker below the house of Wolfgang Priklopil in a suburb of Vienna in August 2007 . Priklopil killed himself by throwing himself under a train only hours later . "  Although they are now in a secret location , I believe it might have been even better to leave them where they were , but that was probably impossible , " she said of the Fritzl family Tuesday . "  Yes , because that was of course the environment they were used to , and now they 're somewhere else . Pulling them abruptly out of this situation , without transition , to hold them and isolating them to some extent , it ca n't be good for them . " Officials said Tuesday that DNA testing had confirmed Fritzl fathered the children . His DNA also was found on a letter sent to the Fritzl family that was made to look like it was from his daughter , Elisabeth , Polzer said . See inside the ` House of horrors ' " Authorities said Fritzl sent other letters over the years , leading the family to believe that Elisabeth was a runaway who had abandoned three of her children on their doorstep . He dictated at least one of the letters to his daughter , they said . Authorities said it did not appear that Fritzl 's wife , Rosemarie , knew about her husband 's activities . Reports have surfaced in The Times of London and Austria 's Presse that Fritzl was convicted of sexual assault in the 1960s , but there is nothing in his record to confirm this , said District Governor Hans Heinz Lenze . He added , however , that records were expunged after a certain number of years . Prosecutors were checking archives to find the information , said Gerhard Sedlacek , prosecutor for the state of Poelten . The Times of London quoted a 50-year-old neighbor who said that when he was 10 , he remembered "  how we children were afraid to play near Mr. Fritzl 's house because of the rumors that he had raped a woman and spent some time in jail for it . " Watch a report of how the case unfolded . " Fritzl led police to the cellar Sunday . A day later , he confessed to raping his daughter , now 42 , and keeping her and their children in captivity , police said . Fritzl was able to convince social service workers , friends and family that Elisabeth had run away in 1984 , when she was about 18 . The father , who police described as an authoritarian figure , forbade anyone from entering the cellar . In the cellar with Elisabeth were Kerstin and two sons , aged 5 and 18 . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Phil Black , Nadine Schmidt and Eileen Hsieh contributed to this story .	Incest dad twice holidayed in Thailand while daughter remained in cellar Austrian family terrorized by decades of incest meet for the first time Josef Fritzl kept daughter imprisoned under home for 24 years , police say Fritzl , who appeared in court Tuesday , has admitted guilt and faces 15 years |
CNN  -- For a player to succeed in the high pressured , multi-million dollar world of professional golf they must marry their special talent to an unshakable sense of determination . That should n't be a problem for U.S. PGA Tour rookie Erik Compton . After two heart transplants , the 32-year-old American has finally earned the chance to compete on the Tour , fulfilling a destiny that had seemed a distant dream . "  What I did was pretty special , considering where I 'd been and what I 'd had to deal with , " Compton told CNN ahead of his debut as a full-time card-holder in Hawaii this week . "  It was very overwhelming . "  I could n't believe it when I made the PGA Tour -- I 've had to fight for everything my entire life , so you think , ` Did that really happen ? ' " Compton had been toiling on the second-tier Nationwide Tour , but victory at the Mexico Open helped him finish 13th on the money list and secured his place for 2012 alongside stars such as Phil Mickelson , Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy . "  I got sick right after that tournament , I ended up in hospital , and the doctors put me on a lot of medication -- that 's when it sunk in and I realized what I 'd accomplished . " RoboPutt : Rise of the golfing machines ? Compton was diagnosed with cardiomyopathy at the age of nine , a condition that limits the heart 's capacity to pump blood , and had his first transplant three years later . Heavy medication restricted a sport-obsessed kid who was once bigger and faster than most of his peers , stunting his growth . But as he got stronger in his teens , his love for golf flourished . By 1998 Compton was ranked as the top junior in the United States , competing against -- and beating -- the likes of 2008 Masters champion Trevor Immelman and current world number six Adam Scott . But bad health still dogged his progress , and even caused him to pass out during an early attempt at the PGA Tour 's qualifying school . After appearing in the Walker Cup , a team event between the best amateurs from the U.S. and Europe , he turned pro . Despite taking the order of merit on the Canadian Tour in 2004 , and winning an event in Morocco in 2005 , Compton was far from fulfilling his potential when his health began to deteriorate again in 2007 . Fit-again Stricker scores win in Hawaii He was on course to make the cut at an event in Idaho , until a hook out of bounds on a closing hole resulted in him taking a nine shots and a making early exit from the tournament . As fate would have it , it was one of his worst shots that saved his life . "  I would n't be alive if I had made that cut , " he said . "  The only reason I survived was because I was close enough to drive to the hospital when I felt a heart attack coming on and they put in a stent immediately . " Compton 's heart attack -- known as a "  widowmaker " because few survive its intensity -- forced another anxious period spent waiting for a donor . "  Obviously , it put things in perspective , all I wanted to do was stay alive , " he explained . "  I was sitting in a chair , coughing up blood -- I could n't breathe at night . I thought maybe I 'll just have a house and live a quiet life . "  I never really enjoyed life until after a few weeks , the heart was shutting down , I could n't sleep . Just doing simple things , lying down on couch watching TV , I would instantly start coughing up blood . " Surviving one heart transplant , let alone two , is a feat to be proud of , but Compton says it took less than a week after surgery for his mind to turn to swinging a club again . Incredibly , just five months later he made a return to competitive action , tying for 60th at the Children 's Miracle Network Classic on the PGA Tour -- a high-pressure elite circuit where millions of dollars are at stake every weekend . His courage , and talent , propelled him into the limelight . "  The surgeons thought I was crazy , " he laughed . "  I slowly picked up my swing ; I was n't as strong as I am now but I figured out a way to get it done . I have a gift to be able to play sport and have the co-ordination to do it , so I 've been blessed that way -- not so blessed in other things . " Compton 's desire to fulfill his dream of qualifying for a PGA Tour card helped to energize his recovery , as did the birth of his first child -- another miracle given that doctors had been unsure if he 'd be able to have kids due to the medication he has taken all his life . He gradually regained full power but did have to seek special dispensation from the authorities to use a golf cart to get round the course , and to be absolved from their drug testing process , due to the medication that was vital for his survival . "  I got some letters from Ireland saying I was compromising the integrity of the game by using a cart and that Ben Hogan never would have done that ! My goal was not to use it but , hey , there may be one day I have to use it again . " In 2009 Compton received the Ben Hogan Award , for courage , presented to him by golfing legend Jack Nicklaus , and after two steady seasons he clinched his PGA Tour place with that momentous win in Mexico . "  The whole of last season was tough , I was playing but I was n't 100 % , " he said ahead of Thursday 's opening round at the Sony Open . "  This year coming up I 'm really excited playing on the Tour -- I 've played a lot of events in the past but now I 'm healthy and I can handle a lot of it . "  The only issue I have is trying to capitalize -- 100 % for me , is maybe 65-70 % for someone else , so when I have a cold or I 'm not feeling the best it 's hard to compete at a high level . "  My body has taken a hit over the years , I do n't know the difference because I feel pretty strong , but that 's the stuff I deal with on a day to day basis . My immune system is lower so I catch more colds and it takes me longer to fight them off but I 'm used to that . " Compton 's inspirational journey is sure to make even more headlines now that he will be playing side by side with the best golfers on the planet every week . "  I just try to live my own life and make the best out of what I can -- if that inspires others then that 's great . But I 'm just trying to live my life the best I can , " he said . "  I think the message is more powerful than the game itself because it can touch everybody . I enjoy speaking my message to those who understand and get life , I do n't enjoy telling it to people who do n't understand . "  Golf has given me a reason to get out of my bed , so it 's been very important . I 'm very blessed to have a passion and ability . Golf has kept me alive , there 's no doubt about it . "	Golfer Erik Compton will tee off as a fully-fledged PGA Tour member on Thursday Compton has already had two heart transplants but has still reached top of the sport He won the Mexico Open in 2011 to seal his lifelong dream of playing on the PGA Tour Compton says golf has helped keep him alive through his many years of health problems
CNN  -- When I was a child , a pale specter used to call our house most evenings , eager to chat with my doctor father about her myriad medical concerns . We called her the "  White Bread Lady , " a moniker she earned for one particularly inane call in which she panicked to my father after consuming white bread . She was n't breaking out in hives or having any adverse effects to the bread . No , she was just concerned that some future illness could befall her given that one particular dietary decision . Although we all laughed at the time , it was with a bit of shifty-eyed shame . Because most of us  including if not particularly the illustrious Ehrlich family  have lurking within us our very own "  White Bread Lady , " ready to convince us that each cough , sniffle and less-than-nutritious meal might be a detriment to our health . And , naturally , that White Bread Lady looms even larger when we can type our worries into a search bar and unlock a bevy of potentially distressing information . Yup , so quoth Google , we all have cancer . According to a recent report from the Pew Research Center , 80 % of Internet users have looked up health information online . While that practice can be beneficial in some respects , the abundance of  variably valid  information online can turn us into e-hypochondriacs .  Or , worse , can lead us to neglect getting the care we need . Read on for five mistakes -- courtesy of a selection of health-care professionals -- that people make when diagnosing themselves online . Searching blind Your eye is twitching like an overly caffeinated college student sitting behind a pretty girl in lecture hall , twirling his pencil and hoping to catch a whiff of her lovely shining hair . You type "  eye twitch " into Google and come up with a really rad website that explains that this newfound spasm is actually an indication that your third eye is fixing to open , revealing to you wonders untold . You are the chosen one . Too bad that this trove of "  medical information " is actually some dude 's fan-fiction site . Long wait at the doctor 's office ? Blame the patients Sure , the above is an extreme example , but , as Dr. Kevin Pho of KevinMD.com pointed out , "  There 's a lot of bad information on the Web and information that can be dangerous . " Especially if you 're not considering who put up that information in the first place . Pho urges users to favor Web addresses ending in . org and . edu when looking for reputable health-care info , and to check who is funding the collection of that information . "  There 's so much information from organizations trying to sell products or push their agenda on the Web , " he said . He suggests turning to sites like Mayo Clinic as well as troves of information curated by doctors  like Pho 's own website  when trolling the Web for info . And , of course , if a site mentions trolls and third eyes , one should definitely press on . Flailing in forums If there 's one thing people like to do online , it 's talk about their problems -- especially mundane things like coughs and headaches and their babies ' various and sundry discharges . And , it seems , we 're pretty interested in reading about the health issues of others , too . According to that Pew study , 23 % of social-network users have followed a friend 's health experiences online , and 34 % of Internet users have read about someone else 's medical issues on newsgroups , websites or blogs . That 's all well and good ; sharing experiences with others is enriching ! Unless the people you 're sharing with are idiots . Case in point : Here 's a Yahoo Answers thread in which folks are discussing whether you can make a pregnancy test out of bleach and Pine-Sol .  Spoiler alert : You ca n't . "  You can easily fall into that rabbit hole and find some forum that really is n't relevant but maybe sounds kind of close , " warned Craig Monsen , co-founder of symptom-checker app SymCat and fourth-year medical student at Johns Hopkins University . On the other hand , "  sometimes you 'll stumble on exactly the right forum where someone has your same exact problem , and their solution does help . " Doctor-turned-kayaker fights malaria in Uganda "  Health-care forums are definitely another tool that individuals can use in order to crowdsource a diagnosis based on their symptoms , " added Dr. Natasha Burgert of KC Kids Doc . "  I think that these can be a really powerful tool not only for discussing potential diagnosis or symptom relief but also finding a forum of individuals in which you can discuss emotional and psychological parts of an illness and develop a wonderful online support community . " The trick is to be wary about the issues being discussed in forums and how germane they are to you . And , you know , if people start talking about homemade remedies fashioned from bleach , maybe click off and see a doc . Getting emotional You know that game "  6 Degrees of Kevin Bacon " ? There should seriously be a version of that called "  6 Degrees of Cancer " -- as in , when looking up your symptoms online , how long does it take to deduce that you have a life-threatening disease instead of , say , a simple cold ? According to Burgert , the root of this whole "  worst-case scenario " thing is getting too emotional . "  For most intents and purposes , when you 're looking for online health information , it 's about yourself or a family member , " she said . "  When you 're looking through that lens , it 's very hard to keep emotional distance . So you can read about a diagnosis that either makes you very scared or calms your fears -- and that 's the path you 'll continue down , whether it 's correct or not . " Burgert suggested using online symptom checkers simply to "  understand possible diagnoses , find some initial steps for relieving the symptoms and determine if this is something that needs further evaluation or that can be managed at home . " SymCat and Mayo Clinic 's symptom checker let you type in what you 're experiencing and unearth a spectrum of diagnoses and suggestions for when to seek a doctor 's aid . Your doctor 's website might also have such a tool . Voila , you just increased your separation from cancer by at least a couple of degrees . Keeping mum around MDs "  I think , traditionally , many physicians are a little apprehensive when that stereotypical patient comes to their office with big stacks of printouts from the Internet , " Pho said . "  But I think more and more doctors are accepting it . Personally , I think that transparency of information is helpful in a way . " Translation : Help your doctor help you . If you 're worried about a particular medical situation and did some research to help narrow down what 's ailing you , share that info with your physician . "  I really appreciate when patients bring in information that they found online , because it allows me to guide my instruction and plan based on their true concerns , " Burgert said . "  People get scared when they get sick and hurt , and they want to use multiple sources of information to help themselves . The Internet adds to that physician 's expertise in order to do that . " Study : Fainting may have genetic link Pho suggests using tracking apps  Bloodnote and Tap & Track are a few examples  to keep tabs on blood pressure , weight , heart rate and other areas that are of particular concern to you and your MD. . "  These apps and sites give patients so much data about themselves that they never had before , " he said . And a log is useful to your doctor , who can scan for abnormalities and patterns that you may have missed . Remember , though , knowing how to use the Internet does n't make you a doctor . Google does n't count as a second opinion . If you 're unhappy with your doc 's diagnosis , go get one the traditional way . Putting off the inevitable If your ailment is n't going away , all the symptom-checking and Mayo Clinic-ing in the world is n't going to help you . Make a doctor 's appointment . Like , right now . Sites like ZocDoc make it super easy  and free ; doctors pay to be listed  to set up an appointment ASAP , so no whining that you 'll have to wait two weeks to see a doc and maybe by then "  it " will have gone away . Unless , of course , "  it " is that white bread you just ate . In that case , please stop calling my dad .	According to a Pew report , 80 % of Internet users have looked up health info online Sites like Mayo Clinic and others curated by doctors are safer It 's better to be cautious in online forums of non-experts Internet information does not replace a second opinion
Islamabad  CNN  -- A convoy of more than 100 vehicles left Islamabad , Pakistan , on Saturday on a march toward South Waziristan to protest U.S. drone attacks . Pakistani cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan is leading the march , which includes about 35 members of the U.S. anti-war group Code Pink . The group traveled to Pakistan last week to join the march , group representative Mirza Shahzad Akbar told CNN . "  We are here to say , on behalf of those Americans with a conscience , that we apologize to the people of Pakistan for the killing and suffering , " Medea Benjamin , a founder of Code Pink , said at a news conference Thursday . American activists in Pakistan to protest U.S. drone strikes The U.K. advocacy group Reprieve and former Prime Minister Tony Blair 's sister-in-law , Lauren Booth , are also part of the convoy . But senior government officials warn that the participants will not be allowed into South Waziristan . Opinion : A dangerous new world of drones "  We have already informed the convoy that we will not allow the participants to enter due to security reasons , " Shahid Ullah , a senior government official , said . "  The situation in the tribal areas is comparatively good but not suitable for any gathering there , " Tashfeen Khan , another government official , said . "  Visiting South Waziristan with foreigners would not be advisable . It can create problems , " he said . While the government has given no assurances for the safety of the march , the Pakistani Taliban has also voiced concern at the convoy entering the volatile region . "  We have n't given any kind of guarantee for the safety of the so-called Peace March planned to visit South Waziristan , " said Ihsanullah Ihsan , spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban . Opinion : The folly of drone attacks and U.S. strategy The counterterrorism drone strike program in Pakistan has long been controversial , with conflicting reports on its impact from the U.S. government , Pakistani officials and independent organizations . American officials insist that the choice and execution of the strikes -- begun under President George W. Bush and ramped up under President Barack Obama -- meet strict standards and that cases of civilian deaths or injuries are extremely rare . But a study released last month by Stanford Law School and New York University 's School of Law said the drone attacks have killed far more people than the United States acknowledges , traumatized innocent residents and been largely ineffective . Civilians account for a significant portion of those killed , the study said . Meanwhile , fliers were distributed in the city of Tank on Friday from a militant splinter group claiming that Imran Khan was a Jewish American agent and that he would be endangering his own life and those who were traveling with him if he entered the tribal areas . Convoy participants hope to reach South Waziristan on Sunday and hold a demonstration against drone attacks in northwest Pakistan . Journalists Amir Iqbal and Nasir Habib contributed to this report	More than 100 vehicles left Pakistan 's capital Islamabad to protest drone strikes Senior government officials warn that the participants will not be allowed into South Waziristan . American officials insist drone strikes meet strict standards
CNN  -- Nearly a quarter of all students who try to join the U.S. Army ca n't pass the entrance exam , a new study says . The study , "  Shut Out of the Military : Today 's High School Education Does n't Mean You 're Ready for Today 's Army , " puts the blame on America 's educational system . "  This is true for men and women of all races and ethnicities , but especially for young people of color , " according to the study released Tuesday by the Education Trust . "  That 's because they do n't have the reading , mathematics , science and problem-solving abilities that it takes to pass the enlistment exam , which is designed specifically to identify the skills and knowledge needed to be a good soldier . " The study 's results show disparities between ethnic groups . "  Among white test-takers , 16 % scored below the minimum score required by the Army . For Hispanic candidates , the rate of ineligibility was 29 % . And for African-American youth , it was 39 % , " the study says . Recruits must score at least a 31 on the test to meet minimum eligibility requirements . Higher scores can qualify recruits for enlistment bonuses and advanced training . "  In every state in America , the military turns away remarkably high percentages of applicants who , despite their high school diplomas , lack the reading , math , science and problem-solving skills needed to serve in the armed forces , " the study says . The United States regularly scores in the middle of the pack in educational achievement . The results of a global education survey this month showed U.S. high school students come in 26th out of 65 in combined scores for math , science and reading tests , according to the Organization for European Economic Cooperation 's Program for International Assessment . Eight out of the top 10 entries are from the Asia-Pacific region , including the Chinese cities of Shanghai and Hong Kong as well as Singapore , South Korea and Japan . The Education Trust said the results of the Army 's Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery test are indicative how America 's education system prepares students for the civilian workplace as well . "  Because the  Army test  specifically assesses readiness in a wide range of vocational pathways , it 's equally likely that the men and women who do n't pass the test are unprepared for the civilian workforce . "	Study : Army test results are indicative of how U.S. education system prepares students Minority students fail test at a rate greater than whites , Education Trust study says The United States typically scores near middle of the pack in educational achievement
CNN  -- Two heavyweights dominate the high-capacity commercial aviation industry -- Boeing and Airbus . Now the world 's third-largest manufacturer of commercial aircraft is touting an apparently lighter and quieter plane that it hopes will cut into the giants ' market share for narrow body , medium-range commercial jets . The virgin test flight of the Bombardier CS100 -- from the first new family of commercial passenger jets in decades -- took place at Mirabel Airport , in Quebec , Monday . The 110-seat , single-aisle aircraft  a 135-seat version in the CSeries is also in the works , and a maximum capacity of 149 has been reported  is in the same class as Boeing 's 737 series and Airbus 318 and 319 aircraft . Bombardier is a Canadian multinational company headquartered in Montreal . More : Jet sales boost China 's rivalry with Boeing , Airbus Apart from a minor alert going off midair , the two-and-a-half-hour flight was a success , the Age reports . "  The performance of the CSeries aircraft was very impressive , " said the new jet 's test pilot , Chuck Ellis . "  We could n't have wished for a better maiden flight . " Quiet , lightweight Expected to enter service in 2015 , the Bombardier plane has two advantages over its rivals , its makers says . Made of lightweight composite materials , the CS100 beats Airbus and Boeing for fuel performance , most industry experts reportedly agree . More : U.S. company unveils new , cheap attack jet Bombardier says its CSeries planes will also be quieter than any existing commercial jet . That 's probably not because the company has heard the cries of long-suffering residents near heavily trafficked airports around the world , but because regulation increasingly demands controls on airplane noise . Orders in The CS100 has already won orders from carriers such as Latvia 's AirBaltic , which is buying 10 of the planes . "  You could hardly hear the takeoff , " Martin Gauss , CEO of AirBaltic , said after watching the test flight in Quebec . "  This was one of the reasons we bought it , along with the cost savings from lower fuel burn . " There 's a good reason why new commercial jet series come along so rarely -- the astronomical cost involved in developing them . The CS100 had already cost $ 500 million more than its official estimate of $ 3.5 billion , Bombardier said .	Test flight for Bombardier CS100 takes place in Quebec First new jet family in decades aims to be lighter , quieter than rivals Plane already has more than 150 orders -- but that 's only half the goal Budget has overshot $ 3.4 billion estimate by $ 500 million
Real Simple  -- Visit a bathroom in a home in the Netherlands and you might find a good idea staring you in the face : a list of birthdays important to your host posted opposite the toilet . Why in that spot ? To assure that it 's viewed regularly . While you may not want to sacrifice your bathroom aesthetics for the sake of remembering key birthdays , the more often you see the dates , the more likely it is you 'll remember them . As founder and "  Exalted Queen Mother " of the Red Hat Society , an international network of women over 50 , Sue Ellen Cooper chooses to keep her long list of reminders in the kitchen . "  I have a list of every significant birthday taped to the inside of my pantry door , " she says . "  It 's impossible not to see those dates every time I open the pantry . " Whether it 's inside a cabinet , on the refrigerator , or bookmarking a page in the novel you 're reading , place your list in a spot where you are likely to view it every day and you 'll always be aware of an impending birthday . Real Simple : How to handle a milestone birthday Use a perpetual calendar to remember birthdays Traditional calendars are less than ideal for keeping track of birthdays , as they require you to pencil in all your important dates each year . A perpetual calendar solves that problem by charting the months without naming the day of the week for each date . Find 5-by-14-inch calendars for $ 10 at www.galison.com . You can also download a printable perpetual birthday-reminder calendar  for free  at Hallmark.com , or use the Real Simple : Birthday reminder worksheet . Similar to a perpetual calendar but used exclusively for birthdays , a birthday book allows you to jot down birthdays without having to rewrite each date yearly . Keep it somewhere visible , though , such as on top of a coffee table or on your desk , as opposed to placing it on a bookshelf , where it may get lost amid your Steinbecks and Angelous . The 2 3/4 - by-4 1/4-inch pocket birthday organizer from Fred Flare  $ 8  will fit in your handbag , so you can commit dates to memory as you wait for your latte . Track birthdays in your day planner For some , a day planner or a Filofax is preferable to a wall calendar because it 's portable . Erica Ecker , a.k.a. "  The Specialist , " is a New York City-based organizational specialist who recommends writing birthdays in a day planner with a colored marker . "  Pick a unique color , " she says , "  so that when you go to rewrite the dates for the next year , the birthdays stand out . " Ecker also inserts mini Post-it notes as "  birthday alarms . " Insert one in the planner a few days ahead of the first birthday for which you would like to send a card . This way , you 'll get the card in the mail on time . Once you 've done that , move the Post-it ahead in the book to a few days before the next important birthday . If rewriting birthdays feels like too much of a chore , jot down birthdays on the tabbed section dividers before each month in your day planner . Then you can simply pull out the dividers the following year and place them before each month in your new planner . Real Simple : Look great in your birthday photos Remember birthdays with computer reminders With a free membership at Yahoo! , you can take advantage of the site 's calendar feature , which allows you to schedule all kinds of appointments with alarms sent to your Yahoo! Messenger account , mobile device , or e-mail address . If you choose to share your calendar with friends and family , they can view your dates and add their own . Cost : Free . BirthdayAlarm.com This service features an easy interface , e-mail or text-message reminders , a selection of e-cards , and an option to send flowers . BigDates.com BigDates will remind you of a birthday via a cell-phone text message or an e-mail with suggestions for cards and gifts . You can even sign up for a service that will send a paper card to someone through the U.S. Postal Service  $ 3 , plus postage  . The downside is that it 's slightly impersonal ; you do n't get to compose the message in your own handwriting . HappyBirthday.com Boasting a tasteful , simple , and thoughtful interface , this site assigns each member her own Web page so she can direct friends and family there to input their birthdays , rather than having to collect the information herself . BirthdayPal.com Birthday Pal keeps track of as many birthdays as you like and will send up to four different reminders per birthday . It also automates the process of birthday collection by sending an e-mail to friends requesting their dates . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The more often you see the dates , the more likely it is you 'll remember them A specialist recommends writing birthdays in a day planner in bright colors BirthdayAlarm.com , BigDates.com and BirthdayPal.com are other helpful sites Remember birthdays on your computer calendar for easy changes
CNN  -- Actor Edward James Olmos wishes he could trace his family 's Mexican history back 100,000 years , but he 'll have to settle for 1930 for now . In what one online genealogy firm say is an extraordinary trove of data for American families of Latino descent , the complete 1930 Mexican census is being distributed publicly for the first time . It 's considered a rich mine of information because that year 's census is Mexico 's earliest , most accurate accounting of its population , with 90 % of its people counted , according to the firm Ancestry.com . That sort of family lore -- compiled just after Mexico recovered from its tumultuous , bloody Revolution of 1910-20 -- not only piques the interest of prominent Latinos such as Olmos but also stands to sate the curiosity of 31.9 million U.S. Hispanics of Mexican descent . America 's own 2010 census just elevated Latinos to the No. 2 group for the first time . The 1930 Mexican census is so antique that it consists of nearly 13 million hard-copy pages , with rows and columns filled out by hand in florid penmanship . The handwriting evokes a bygone era dramatically at odds with the digital age that is making those documents available for free on Ancestry.com . Other genealogy firms have put pieces of the census online , but Ancestry.com says it 's providing the entire 1930 census online for the first time , spokesman Sean Pate said . "  This is the most important document we have for Mexican-American people in this country , " Olmos said in an interview with CNN . The Oscar-nominated actor is working with the online firm to trace his family 's Mexican history . Like the waves of European immigrants before them , many Latinos have only oral histories of their origins , Olmos said . The 31.8 million Americans of Mexican descent account for most of the country 's 50.5 million Hispanics , according to the Pew Hispanic Center . "  Short of the verbal history that went from person to person , family to family , we really never knew more than that , " Olmos said . "  This is the first time we 've had a document . "  For me , it 's building my self-esteem and self-respect as to who I am and for the people who sacrificed for me to be where I am . Now I know who they are and what are their names . Now you want to know more about those people . I would like to go back 100,000 years if I could , " Olmos said . Mexico 's 1895 census is considered the country 's first national census , but those records are n't available to the public and are n't considered as complete as the 1930 census , said representatives for Ancestry.com , which claims to be the largest online family history resource . The 1900 , 1910 and 1920 censuses are n't regarded as complete and reliable as the 1930 census -- officially called "  El Quinto Censo General de Poblacion y Vivienda 1930 , Mexico , " or the Fifth General Census of Population and Housing , according to Ancestry.com 's representatives . The 1930 census does n't include citizens from the federal district , which includes Mexico City , but it 's historically significant because it marks how federal officials sought to make it a vehicle for national unity , said officials with the online firm . An "  aggressive propaganda campaign " emphasizing the civic duty to participate in the census resulted in the "  extremely high participation rate , " and that 's why the 1930 count is considered the best Mexican census of the 20th century , the online firm said . The records list the names of persons in a household and contain many fields of information : Name , age , gender , birthplace , address , marital status , nationality , religion , occupation , real estate holdings , literacy , any physical or mental defects and even any Indian language spoken . Ancestry.com says the 13 million records reveal several facets about Mexico in 1930 : The most common female name was Maria , and the most common male name was Juan . The three most common surnames were Hernandez , Garcia and Martinez . Famous Mexicans in the census include Maria Felix  1914 -- 2002  , who was among the best-known Mexican actresses , and Carmello Torres Fregoso  Bernardo del Carmen Fregoso Cazares ; 1927-2003  , a renowned bullfighter who later became a successful businessman , the company said . Nearly 18 % of the population were recorded as "  soltero "  single  ; 11 % were "  casado por lo civil y la iglesia "  civil and church marriage  ; 10 % were "  casado por la iglesia "  church marriage  ; and 8 % were "  union libre "  free union , or living together without marriage  . The four most populous Mexican states were Puebla , Veracruz , Jalisco and Oaxaca . "  As the United States is home to the second-largest Mexican community in the world , Mexican-Americans comprise 10 % of the total U.S. population . Therefore , it is fitting that the world 's largest online family history resource now has an expansive collection to serve this important demographic , " said Josh Hanna , Ancestry.com executive vice president , in a statement . The firm announced the free availability of the documents on its website this month because it 's National Hispanic Heritage Month . Olmos said the 1930 census would make genealogical research easier and more reliable -- especially because records have n't been evenly maintained in Mexico 's history . For example , Olmos spent eight years trying to find his father 's birth certificate in Mexico , he said . In the end , he never found the birth certificate , but he did find "  a birth memoir inside a hospital " that noted his father 's birth in Mexico City in 1922 , Olmos said . "  He walked out of the hospital and someone marked it down . That 's how we got him , " Olmos said of his father 's birth . Olmos , who himself was born in Los Angeles in 1947 , used that hospital memoir for his father 's birth to obtain dual citizenship with Mexico several years ago , he said . Olmos ' mother was also born in Los Angeles , so securing his father 's Mexican birth record was critical to Olmos ' quest to obtain a second , Mexican citizenship , he said . The 1930 census could streamline such family research , he said . "  This is where I believe people will gain strength . As soon as you start to investigate , it 's like a mystery , " Olmos said . "  My mother , who 's 85 , knows quite a bit , but we 're now finding about aunts and uncles and grandparents . That 's exciting . It really empowers us . "	The 1930 census is Mexico 's best of 20th century , online firm says Actor Edward James Olmos calls census "  most important document " There are 31.9 million Americans of Mexican descent The entire 1930 Mexican census is now online for free
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Mika knows how to dress for the occasion . Mika 's new album , "  The Boy Who Knew Too Much , " acknowledges some of his teen issues . The singer showed up to CNN.com 's interview in bright blue felt suspenders , or "  braces " as they 're called in his UK homeland ; "  suspenders " are the naughty things ladies wear to keep their stockings up . "  On CNN you 've got a thing about suspenders , do n't you ? " he says , referring to Larry King 's penchant for wearing them .  CNN International anchor Richard Quest is fond of suspenders as well .  "  So I thought , why not join the ranks ? " Not that Mika , born Michael Holbrook Penniman , likes to do what everyone else is doing . His 2007 breakout album , "  Life in Cartoon Motion , " introduced him as an eccentric , wild-haired singer with a falsetto voice that might 've seemed out of place on the modern pop scene . But he certainly commanded attention . Watch Mika hold the scene " Fueled by peppy hits such as "  Love Today " and "  Grace Kelly , " Mika 's bejeweled star shot high , with more than 6 million albums sold worldwide and top fashion designers wanting to dress him  Christian Louboutin designs shoes for the 6-foot-4 singer  . Mika , 26 , now has a follow-up album , "  The Boy Who Knew Too Much , " which addresses some of the awkwardness he experienced as a teen . "  I was terrified of talking to people , " he says . "  I was a bit of a loner . I 'm angry with myself about that . I wish I had more guts when I was younger because then I would 've said things to people 's faces instead of just running away all the time . " No matter . Now he just turns his gripes into songs . "  If you put a message and a catchy melody together , suddenly they want to listen to what you 're saying . That 's the thing about pop music : it hoodwinks you into listening to it before you even know what it 's talking about . I guess that 's why I fell in love with it . It 's funny because I think when you look at most of the people in the world who write pop music , they were never popular when they were younger . " Tracking Mika Mika kicks off a 10-city North American tour in Toronto , Canada , on October 12 . Check his Web site for dates , or just listen out for the "  doom da da di da di doom da da di da di . " Like pop , like comics Mika and his sister do all the illustrations for his album artwork and posters . Says Mika : "  I 'm a big illustration and comic book fan . In my eyes , comic books and illustration are the same kind of art forms . They 're immediate . It has to hit you really fast . Pop music works from the same principles . In comic books , you always have black outlines . It 's almost like the melody of a pop song is the black outlines you find in a comic book . " Mum kills the fun Mika had booked a luxury home in Beverly Hills , California , as a base to record his new album . But two days before he was to move in , his mother put the kibosh on the plans and insisted her son work from the same dingy apartment he recorded his debut . "  Mum said the more money you spend on your comfort , the worse your album will be . You make the choice . " He relented . Was it worth it ? "  No ! I still wish I stayed in the big fancy house . It would 've been a lot more fun ! " How high can he go ? Mika : "  Some people say I 've got a five-octave range , which is ridiculous . That would mean I 'd sing like Mariah Carey or that alien in ` The Fifth Element . ' And I 'm nothing like that blue alien . I 've got a range of about 3 1/2 octaves . "	Mika 's new album is "  The Boy Who Knew Too Much " Singer of "  Grace Kelly " says album is about awkward times as youth He 's had great success now , almost recorded new album in plush mansion Mother said he should n't , that comfort would make the album worse
CNN  -- A United States soldier captured by the Taliban says in a video posted on the Internet he is "  scared I wo n't be able to go home . " Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl shown here in a video made by his captors , members of the Taliban . The soldier was identified Sunday by the Pentagon as Pfc. Bowe R. Bergdahl , 23 , of Ketchum , Idaho . He was captured June 30 from Paktika province in southeastern Afghanistan . The Taliban has threatened to kill Bergdahl if foreign troops continue targeting civilians in the name of search operations in Ghazni and Paktika province , Taliban commander Mulvi Sangeen said by telephone Friday after being contacted by CNN at an undisclosed location . NATO-led forces in Afghanistan and the U.S. military have repeatedly denied targeting civilians . In the 28-minute video , Bergdahl becomes emotional when he speaks of his family -- his parents , siblings , nieces and nephew -- and the girlfriend he hopes to marry . "  I have a very , very good family that I love back home in America , and I miss them every day that I 'm gone , " he says . "  I miss them and I 'm afraid I might never see them again and that I 'll never be able to tell them I love them again . I 'll never be able to hug them . " He adds that he is "  scared . I 'm scared I wo n't be able to go home . It is very unnerving to be a prisoner . " However , he says his captors are treating him "  like a guest . " It was not clear whether some or all of Bergdahl 's remarks were scripted by his captors . Watch excerpt from the video " The last few minutes of the video show him eating a meal . In a statement released Sunday through the Idaho National Guard , Bergdahl 's family said , "  We hope and pray for our son 's safe return to his comrades and then to our family , and we appreciate all the support and expressions of sympathy shown to us by our family members , our friends and others across the nation . Thank you , and please continue to keep Bowe in your thoughts and prayers . " Asked by his captors if he had any message for Americans , the soldier says , "  To my fellow Americans who have loved ones over here , who know what it 's like to miss them , you have the power to make our government bring them home . Please , please bring us home so we can be back where we belong and not over here . " The Taliban earlier claimed responsibility for Bergdahl 's kidnapping , the military said . Last week , the U.S. military distributed pamphlets in eastern Afghanistan in an effort to locate him . "  As you can see , the American soldier is in good shape and good health , and he is being treated well based on the guidelines of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan regarding war prisoners , " said a statement on Islamist Web sites accompanying the video . "  Any decision regarding the American soldier will be the specialty of the high order of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan , may God protect him . " The U.S. military said it believed Bergdahl may have been moved to various locations . In the video , Bergdahl 's captor makes reference to his being moved from Paktika to Khandahar . He acknowledges it , saying the move was accomplished "  very easily . " The claim could not be independently verified . Asked the date by his captor , Bergdahl says it is July 14 . Two versions of the pamphlets were distributed in Afghanistan , written in the Pashto language . They were made available to CNN by U.S. Forces Afghanistan . One shows the image of an American soldier shaking hands in a group of kids with the message , "  One of our American guests is missing . Return the guest to his home . Call us at " -- and lists a phone number . The other shows a U.S. soldier kicking down a door , and then an outstretched hand with the superimposed image of a soldier , his head and arms drooping , and the words , "  If you do not release the U.S. soldier then ... you will be hunted , " the pamphlet says . Days after Bergdahl went missing , a senior U.S. military official said Bergdahl and the Afghan soldiers were captured by low-level militants and then quickly "  sold " to the clan and network led by warlord Siraj Haqqani -- believed to be deeply involved in the action . The Haqqani clan operates on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistani border and is well known to the U.S. military . Bergdahl apparently left his small outpost on his own on June 30 with no apparent means of defending himself , the official said . Taliban commander Mulvi Sangeen said he visited a military post in the Yousaf Khel district in the Paktika province , got drunk , and was ambushed while returning to his car . Sangeen said the soldier was taken to a safe place . CNN could not independently verify Sangeen 's claims . A source with the U.S. military denied the claim that Bergdahl was drunk . "  The Taliban are known for lying and what they are claiming  is  not true , " the source said . In the video , Bergdahl says he was captured as he was lagging behind a patrol . Ketchum Mayor Randy Hall told CNN Sunday , "  Right now , the news is still breaking through town , and as the mayor , I can say this is a community situation . " But , he said , "  I trust the leadership of this country , the wisdom of the people who are serving and the decisions that led up to the situation . " Bergdahl is not a National Guardsman , according to the Idaho National Guard statement , but the organization said it was coordinating with the Department of Defense to provide public affairs duties and other assistance to the Bergdahl family . The family has requested privacy , the statement said . CNN 's Barbara Starr and journalist Janullah Hashimzada contributed to this report .	Soldier from Idaho says he 's frightened he wo n't be able to see family again U.S. military : Pfc. Bowe R. Bergdahl , 23 , was captured June 30 from Paktika province Taliban commander : Taliban will kill him if foreign troops keep targeting civilians He was taken by members of the Taliban , the military says
A federal air marshal fired in 2006 for leaking information about air marshal travel cuts has won a victory before a federal court . The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on Friday ordered the case of Robert MacLean returned to a federal board to determine whether MacLean 's disclosures deserve whistle-blower protection . "  My smile is so wide it 's threatening my ears , " said Tom Devine , a lawyer with the Government Accountability Project who has represented MacLean . Devine said he is "  chomping at the bit " to argue that MacLean 's leak was in the national interest , saying it may have helped prevent terrorist attacks on the United States . The Transportation Security Administration declined comment , saying it is reviewing the decision . MacLean , now a resident of Ladera Ranch , California , and a storm restoration contractor , said he hopes the decision will eventually lead to his return to the ranks of the Federal Air Marshal Service , which places armed , plain-clothes officers on commercial airplanes . The case began in July of 2003 , when MacLean , then based in Las Vegas , tipped off an MSNBC reporter that the TSA was suspending overnight missions just days after air marshals were briefed about a new "  potential plot " to hijack U.S. airliners . The agency planned the cutback -- which would have kept air marshals off most long-distance flights -- because it was running out of money at the end of the fiscal year . The news caused an immediate uproar on Capitol Hill , with Sen. Charles Schumer , and then-Senators Hillary Rodham Clinton and John Kerry , among others , writing letters expressing concerns . The TSA retreated , killing the scheduling cuts before they went into effect . A year later , MacLean appeared on "  NBC Nightly News " -- in disguise and identified only as "  Federal Air Marshal ` Mike ' " -- to criticize the agency 's dress policy , which , he said , made it easier for terrorists to identify the undercover air marshals . But someone from the TSA recognized MacLean 's voice and the agency ordered an investigation into MacLean for an "  unauthorized media appearance . " During that investigation , MacLean admitted he leaked the information to the media about the 2003 suspension of long-distance flights . The agency fired MacLean in April of 2006 , saying his leak was an unauthorized disclosure of "  Sensitive Security Information , " or SSI . Supporters argued that MacLean brought to public light a TSA action that violated federal law , which mandates that the agency give priority to flights that present high security risks , specifically mentioning "  nonstop , long distance flights . " They say the information he gave was factual and that it ultimately protected passengers by changing a flawed policy . MacLean argued the information he disclosed was not Sensitive Security Information , saying the TSA sent the information as a text message on his cell phone , instead of as an encrypted message on his password-protected pager . And it was not labeled SSI . MacLean said his firing was retaliation for his union activities . But the Merit System Protection Board said that even if the scheduling directive was not labeled SSI , deployment information was "  within the definition of SSI . " MacLean "  admittedly knew that he was not permitted to tell anyone about  air marshal  scheduling , yet he did so anyway , and it could have created a significant security risk , " the board said . The board said there is "  no direct evidence " the agency retaliated or discriminated against MacLean for his union activities . On Friday , the appeals court held that MacLean had met the threshold of being eligible for whistle-blower protection . MacLean must now demonstrate that he reasonably believed that his disclosures "  evidenced a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety . " "  Frankly , that 's a hearing we would relish because there 's little question that his disclosures were worthy , " said Devine . "  Numerous members of Congress attacked  the travel cuts  as betraying the department 's  responsibilities  . The Department of Homeland Security said it was a mistake and canceled the orders less than 48 hours after his disclosure . They only corrected the mistake because of his disclosure . " Devine said the TSA has three options : appeal Friday 's decision to the Supreme Court , defend the original case before the Merit System Protection Board or settle with MacLean . If the government takes no action , the case will automatically be returned to the MSPB for a hearing , he said .	Air Marshal Robert MacLean tipped the media off to a cutback in schedules He was fired after the TSA found out he was the one who leaked the information MacLean appealed decision He will try to get federal whistle-blower protection
CNN  -- The first statuette of the 70th annual Golden Globe awards went to Christoph Waltz , whose character in "  Django Unchained " shot two men and a horse in two scenes before I even opened my box of M&M 's . But that did n't surprise me , because "  Django , " a bloody homage to spaghetti Westerns , is a creation of one of my guilty pleasures , director Quentin Tarantino . One of the most important auteurs in cinema today , Tarantino 's scripts are intoxicating -- with witty dialogue ; surprising and satisfying story arcs , and cartoonish body counts . "  Django " won him a Golden Globe for screenwriting . And thus the nation 's conundrum . A month into our post-Newtown world , "  Django Unchained " -- a movie that makes mass murder look cool -- has scooped up more than $ 125 million in three weeks . Is it me , or does it seem odd that a director known for ultra gun violence in his films has the biggest-grossing movie of his career in the wake of the massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , that killed 20 kids ? Not to get all Wayne LaPierre , but would n't you think the nation would n't have the stomach to see such a glorification of gun violence so close to the tragedy ? And yet , here we are : Bruce Willis is slated to "  Die Hard " again ; "  Hansel and Gretel " has been reimagined into a tale about siblings carrying automatic assault weapons and looking for witches to kill ; and 65-year-old Arnold Schwarzenegger is taking on the Mexican cartel , including shooting a Gatling from a school bus . And that 's just over the course of a month . Before meeting with Vice President Joe Biden to discuss violence in films and video games , Motion Picture Association of America chairman and former Sen. Chris Dodd told The Hollywood Reporter that the movie industry is vehemently opposed to content regulation , adding "  We have a free and open society that celebrates the First Amendment . " In an NPR interview , Tarantino said it was disrespectful to the victims to bring up violence in movies in relationship to Newtown . "  Obviously , the issue is gun control and mental health , " he said . I agree . But as we wait for Biden 's gun control proposals to be revealed , as well as the ensuing debate in Washington to unfold , it 's important to remember this conversation is threefold . Mass shootings -- like those at Newtown , Columbine , the Sikh temple in Wisconsin , and the Aurora , Colorado , movie theater -- and everyday street violence , like what 's going on in Chicago , can be addressed immediately by legislation . But background checks and assault rifle bans will not free us from our most debilitating shackle , and that is our numbness , if not addiction , to violence , particularly in film . Of the 100 top-grossing movies of 2012 , only three were rated G. Most in the top 10 were PG-13 , including "  The Hunger Games , " a film about kids brutally killing each other for sport ; two were PG and one was R . This is why , when celebrities came together to film an anti-gun public service announcement , they were immediately called out as hypocrites , and rightfully so . In one scene in the Tarantino movie Jamie Foxx , who plays the main character , Django , shoots a man carrying sticks of dynamite , and the guy is literally blown into pieces . And Foxx is the first person you see in an anti-gun ad ? Please . It 's hard enough to find the right balance between the freedoms guaranteed to us by the Constitution and living in a gun-happy Wild West , without cries for control coming from an industry that continues to glorify the lack of control . For those of us who feel comfortable calling out the NRA crowd for hiding behind the Second Amendment , consider the actions of the Hollywood crowd , which hides behind the First Amendment in its manipulative glorification of gun violence . Or consider the actions of We the People , who year in and year out spend billions to watch someone wielding an Auto-Assault 12 shotgun , which spits out 300 rounds a minute , mow down people on the big screen . I do n't believe the government should pressure Hollywood to make less violent movies . The industry is only giving us what we want to see . Even now , just four short weeks after 20 children and six adults were massacred in Newtown , we still crave gun violence and death by chainsaw . The White House and Congress can address mass shootings and violent crimes , but the culture of violence is n't about Biden , Foxx or Tarantino . It 's about us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Tarantino 's bloody "  Django Unchained " got two Golden Globes Film that makes mass murder look cool is hugely popular even after Newtown , he says He says celebrities who protest gun violence yet star in ultraviolent films are hypocritical Granderson : Films should n't be censored ; the real culprit is our addiction to violence
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- The wreckage of a Russian passenger airliner that went missing during a demonstration flight over Indonesia has been found in a mountainous area , a local official said Thursday . Ali Umri Lubis , the mayor of Bogor , in West Java , said that parts of the Sukhoi Superjet 100 that disappeared off radar screens on Wednesday had been located . But he did n't provide any information on the passengers who were on board . Rescue workers on the ground who have been searching for the plane have not yet been able to reach the wreckage . President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono of Indonesia said in a brief televised address Thursday that there was a strong possibility that the plane had crashed into Mount Salak , a volcano south of Jakarta . The Sukhoi jet , Russia 's newest civilian airliner , was carrying 42 passengers and eight Russian crew members , according to Sunaryo , an official with Sukhoi 's Indonesian agent , Trimarga Rekatama . However , the number was in dispute . The Indonesian National Search and Rescue Agency said only 37 of the 42 invited passengers were on board . Russian state-run news agencies reported 44 people were on the plane . The plane was on its second demonstration flight Wednesday when it lost contact with air controllers at Jakarta 's Halim Perdanakusuma Airport . "  The first demonstration flight in the morning went smoothly , " said Sunaryo , who uses only one name . "  There were no problems . " On the second flight , the plane began making its descent but vanished from radar screens at 6,200 feet in a mountainous area . The plane lost contact with air traffic controllers at 2:12 p.m. , 21 minutes after taking off , said Marsda Daryatmo , head of the search and rescue agency . Two helicopters were immediately sent out to search for the plane but had to return to their bases due to strong winds and unpredictable weather . The Sukhoi jet arrived in Jakarta as part of a demonstration tour of six Asian countries . It had been to Myanmar , Pakistan and Kazakhstan , and was due to visit Laos and Vietnam after Indonesia , said the Russian news agency RIA Novosti . Sukhoi manufactures military aircraft and is known especially for its fighter jets . Its civilian aircraft is narrow-bodied with a dual-class cabin that can transport 100 passengers over regional routes . It flew its maiden flight in 2008 . In March , a Superjet 100 operated by Russia 's Aeroflot Airlines was forced to abandon its flight to Astrakhan , Russia , and return to Moscow because of problems with the undercarriage , according to RIA Novosti . A similar defect in another Aeroflot-operated Superjet 100 plane had to be fixed in Minsk in December . Russia 's state-run United Aircraft Corp. said the defect did not affect passenger safety . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	NEW : Wreckage of the plane has been located , a local official says The Sukhoi Superjet 100 was on a multination demonstration tour The plane started to descend and then vanished off radar screens A Sukhoi representative says 42 passengers and eight crew members were on board
CNN  -- Weather , airfare and upcoming local events are criteria that typically factor into travel decisions . This week , however , far greater concerns are on the minds of potential visitors to Istanbul . Ongoing local protests , government retaliation and related unrest in the city have many wondering if they should pull the plug on upcoming trips or make any new plans at all . The British government has warned its citizens to avoid demonstrations in Istanbul and Ankara , and the US state department urges travelers to be "  alert to the potential for violence " . What began as a small , peaceful protest against a planned shopping mall in the city 's Gezi Park has quickly turned into what some protesters now call a "  war zone , " with police using brute force to quell demonstrations . A worldwide audience has watched as police fired water cannons and tear gas at defiant protesters in Taksim Square . Tourism crucial to Istanbul According to the 2012 MasterCard Global Destinations Cities Index , Istanbul is among the fastest growing tourism markets in the world , receiving 11.6 million international visitors and earning $ 10.6 billion in travel revenue in 2012 . The Turkish Statistics Institute reports the country 's total tourism revenue for 2012 was $ 29.4 billion . According to an April report by TradeArabia , Turkey expects to receive 33 million international visitors in 2013 . HÃ 1/4 nkar Akipek , a young professional who has taken part in the protests , tells CNN that protestors are aware of the possibility that recent events will harm Istanbul 's reputation abroad . "  Sure we are worried , " says Akipek . "  I got so many emails , calls from my Turkish and non-Turkish friends abroad . "  I am careful to answer their question of ` What is going on there ? ' to not make any harm to Istanbul 's reputation . This is where we live and where we want to go on living and raise our children . We do not want to damage our home . " "  Istanbul , a city that has always been known as Turkey 's cultural heart , is turning into a war zone , " says Royce Yakuppur , a local who has been to Gezi Park several times in recent days . "  Although the feeling of solidarity  among locals  should be applauded as a virtue , it is not enough to overcome the fears of tourists . " Unsurprisingly , local travel agencies report that some travelers have recently canceled trips to Istanbul or are having second thoughts about coming in the next few weeks . Yet "  many " are still going ahead with their plans . No statistics on cancellations are available . Traveler 's tales from a week of unrest By and large , for visitors and locals alike , Istanbul feels safe . Travelers across the city tell CNN that while they 've had to modify some plans , they 've felt neither threatened nor endangered . Colombian tourist Juanita Pardo arrived in Istanbul on June 10 . She says she did n't change her travel plans after learning of the protests , despite being warned by family members to avoid the area around Taksim Square . "  There was a lot of traffic , a lot of police , and  some  roads were closed so we chose to walk and could n't go everywhere we wanted to , " she says of touring the city in the midst of the protests . "  We had to cancel some plans , like having dinner at Mikla , which is located in Taksim , where we did n't want to go . "  We could n't see Istiklal Street , which we had heard a lot about . " Kevin Patnode , a 23-year-old New Yorker who has been spent the past four summers in Istanbul as a coordinator for an English language program , arrived in Istanbul on June 4 . "  The protests made me want to come even more , " Patnode tells CNN . "  Besides Taksim Square , the surrounding areas are untouched by the current situation , " he says . "  I even visited Gezi Park three times and never felt unsafe . Even though I speak no Turkish , I never felt out of place or that I was unsafe . "  The only change that has occurred has been my social life . Istanbul is a party city and Turks know how to have a good time . "  But after the protests , a lot of people find it inappropriate to be out and going to the bars and clubs surrounding Taksim . It is certainly not frowned upon for foreigners to go out and enjoy themselves , and I 've been encouraged to go out and continue to enjoy Istanbul -- however I can not expect my Turkish friends to come along and join me . " Most of Istanbul 's top attractions , such as the Blue Mosque , Hagia Sophia and TopkapÄ ± Palace , are located in Sultanahmet , far from Taksim Square . Referred to as the "  new Berlin " by some , Istanbul boasts a growing art scene , with contemporary galleries and museums , such as Salt Galata , Arter and the Istanbul Museum of Modern Art leading the field . Contemporary Turkish cuisine also draws tourists to Istanbul . The city 's historic peninsula , funky cafes and bohemian neighborhoods feel as exciting -- and welcoming -- as always . "  Istanbul is as appealing as ever , " insists one local . "  Much like a beautiful woman , but with smudged mascara . "	Demonstrations have many wondering if they should pull the plug on upcoming trips US and British governments urge travelers to avoid large gatherings Tourists report feeling neither threatened nor endangered Istanbul is among fastest growing tourism markets in world , receiving 11.6 million international visitors in 2012
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  Reuters  -- The light from the cell phone screens allowed surgeons to complete an emergency appendix operation during a blackout in a city in central Argentina , reports said on Saturday . Leonardo Molina , 29 , was on the operating table on July 21 , when the power went out in the Policlinico Juan D. Peron , the main hospital in Villa Mercedes , a small city in San Luis province . "  The generator , which should have been working correctly , did n't work , " a hospital spokesman , whose name was not given , told TN television news station . "  The surgeons and anesthetists were in the dark ... A family member got some cell phones together from people in the hallway and took them in to provide light , " he said . Ricardo Molina , 39 , Leonardo 's brother , told La Nacion newspaper that the lights were out for an hour and his brother 's anesthesia was wearing off . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Surgeons complete emergency appendix operation with light from cell phones The power went out in the main hospital in Villa Mercedes , central Argentina The hospital 's generator , which should have been working correctly , did n't work
CNN Student News  -- September 25 , 2014 At the U.N. General Assembly , two major subjects being discussed include the ISIS terrorist group and the spread of Ebola . We 'll report on President Obama 's speech and take you inside a virus-stricken region of Africa . The significance of Rosh Hashanah is also explained today , and an MIT project aims to change the lives of people who need prosthetic legs . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  The recent controversy over a video showing University of Oklahoma students , who also were members of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity , reciting a racist chant revealed a key difference in approaches to parenting . The university said Levi Pettit and Parker Rice encouraged their brothers to sing the lyrics , which included multiple references to the "  n-word " and mention of lynching . The two young men were expelled . And the fraternity was shut down . What caught my attention was the reaction of the families -- the Pettits and the Rices . They could n't have been more different . That convinced me that this story was n't just about racist and juvenile behavior , but also about parenting . Who raised these kids ? And should n't they have been taught better ? At some point , did n't it occur to these young men that they were not only shaming themselves , but also their families ? In Dallas , protesters gathered outside the Rice home , holding signs with messages such as : "  Racism is taught . " Parker Rice issued a statement , which was delivered to the Dallas Morning News by his father , Bob Rice . In it , Parker apologized for actions that he called "  wrong and reckless . " However , Bob Rice had no response to the controversy . He told reporters : "  At the moment , we are not doing interviews . " That is not good enough . Parenthood is n't like politics . It does n't come with a "  no comment " button we can press when the job gets uncomfortable . We have n't heard from Levi Pettit . His parents , Brody and Susan , addressed their son 's misbehavior in a statement , which was given to the newspaper and posted on the family 's website . It read in part : "  As parents of Levi , we love him and care for him deeply . He made a horrible mistake , and will live with the consequences forever . However , we also know the depth of our son 's character . He is a good boy , but what we saw in those videos is disgusting . While it may be difficult for those who only know Levi from the video to understand , we know his heart , and he is not a racist . ... "  Of course , we are sad for our son -- but more importantly , we apologize to the community he has hurt . We would also like to apologize to the entire African-American community , University of Oklahoma student body and administration . Our family has the responsibility to apologize , and also to seek forgiveness and reconciliation . " That 's an impressive statement . I applaud the Pettits for stepping up and refusing to blindly defend their son , as many parents might have done . They did what parents are supposed to do : They took responsibility for the actions of the person they raised . Who knew that would be so controversial ? Ever since the apologies were offered , there 's been discussions in this country about whether it 's really necessary for parents to apologize for the actions of their grown children . Last week , while hosting a radio show in San Diego , I brought up the story of the video and pointed to the different approaches that the Rices and the Pettits have to parenting -- all the way from "  we are not doing interviews " to "  our family has the responsibility to apologize . " The Pettits had the right idea , I insisted . A caller disagreed , saying he did n't see why he should have to apologize if his adult son did something wrong . "  He 's his own person , " he said . Based on what I 've heard in the last few days , I would imagine that there are many people who agree with the caller . They seem to believe that , when their son or daughter turns 18 , their job is finished . They ca n't wait to wash their hands of any additional responsibility , and they might even frame their retreat as a way of advancing the principle that everyone should take responsibility for his own actions . That sounds good . But I do n't think it 's either/or . Of course , individuals should take responsibility for their actions . Yet , as the Pettits demonstrated with their statement , when something goes terribly wrong , there is usually enough responsibility to go around . When appropriate , parents can take a slice . Besides , I bet a lot of parents believe -- as I do -- that we should never stop loving our children . But at some point , it 's perfectly fine for us to just stop claiming them as our own ? It just looks like some parents ca n't wait to find the exit . Here 's an idea . We tell people to drink responsibly . We tell them to drive responsibly . We need to start telling them to parent responsibly . After all , parenting a child is the most important job that many of us will have in this world . And there is no date of retirement .	The controversy over University of Oklahoma students reciting a racist chant raises a number of issues Ruben Navarrette : Is it necessary for parents to apologize for the bad actions of their grown children ?
CNN  -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela was discharged from the hospital Saturday , the country 's presidential office said , "  following a sustained and gradual improvement in his general condition . " Mandela "  will now receive home based high care , " the statement said . The 94-year-old , who was South Africa 's first black president , was admitted to the hospital on March 27 . He has received treatment for a recurring lung infection and pneumonia . The governing African National Congress welcomed the news . "  Let us continue to keep President Mandela and his family in our prayers as he continues to receive treatment from home , " the party said in a statement . The presidential office did not specify whether Mandela would return to his home in Johannesburg or in his childhood village of Qunu . Each home is equipped with a mini clinic that can provide 24-hour care as he continues his recovery from this bout of pneumonia . Mandela , a Nobel Peace Prize winner , has become increasingly frail over the years and has not appeared in public since South Africa hosted the World Cup in 2010 . His history of lung problems dates back to when he was a political prisoner on Robben Island during apartheid . He contracted tuberculosis during the 27 years he was imprisoned . He underwent treatment for a lung infection and had surgery to remove gallstones over the Christmas holiday in 2012 , one of his longest hospital stays since his release from prison in 1990 . President Jacob Zuma "  thanks the hard working medical team and hospital staff for looking after Madiba so efficiently , " the statement from the presidential office said . "  He also extended his gratitude to all South Africans and friends of the Republic in Africa and around the world for support . " Madiba is Mandela 's clan name , and how he is widely referred to in South Africa . CNN 's Per Nyberg and Robyn Curnow contributed to this report .	South Africa 's governing ANC welcomes the news of Mandela 's release from hospital Nelson Mandela is discharged "  following a sustained and gradual improvement " The former president was admitted to the hospital 10 days ago with a recurring lung infection The 94-year-old Nobel Peace Prize winner has become increasingly frail in recent years
CNN  -- The sharp attacks between the Republican frontrunners that have played out in media interviews and television ads largely took a backseat in the debate in Sioux City , Iowa . It was the final debate before January 's pivotal Iowa caucuses . Here are five things we learned from Thursday night 's debate : Front-runners play nice In the past week , there has been no love lost between GOP frontrunners Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich . On Tuesday , Romney called for Gingrich to return all the money he received for consulting for Freddie Mac , and Gingrich responded by telling reporters in New Hampshire that Romney should return all the money he earned "  bankrupting companies and laying off employees over his years " at Bain Capital . Most recently , Romney 's campaign sent Iowa Republicans a mailer featuring a half-page picture of Gingrich seated next to liberal Democrat Nancy Pelosi . But little of that enmity was visible on stage in Sioux City . Who do you think won the debate ? "  I 've said consistently , these are all friends of mine , " Gingrich said , referencing his rivals on stage . "  Any of these folks would be better than Barack Obama in the White House . Any of them would be great in the next administration . " "  Let 's every day remember that , time and time again , it 's President Obama we 've got to be talking about , " Romney said at the end of the debate , and for the most part he stuck to his pledge . Even when directly asked to respond to a Gingrich attack , Romney immediately pivoted to focus on Obama . Gingrich ` editing ' words as campaign acknowledges concern Perhaps Romney was responding to Gingrich 's recent call for a positive campaign , but after the debate Romney 's senior strategist Eric Fehrnstrom did not rule out future attacks . "  He has to win a primary against six or seven other candidates and so he 's going to differentiate and distinguish himself from his competitors from time to time , " Fehrnstrom said . "  We 're getting closer to the first contest and I think as that happens the campaign becomes more intense and more competitive on the part of every candidate . " Paul leaps outside mainstream Despite a recent surge in the polls and a growing base of support among early-state voters , Ron Paul showed that he 's still out of step with the Republican mainstream on one major issue : foreign policy . Paul could rock GOP race in Iowa Fox News anchor Bret Baier kicked off the second hour of debate by asking Paul if his non-interventionist position toward Iran means that if he got the nomination he 'd be running to the left of President Obama . "  But I 'd be running with the American people , because it would be a much better policy , " Paul said . He then cited the United Nations and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to argue that there is no evidence that Iran is even close to developing a nuclear weapon . "  It 's no different than it was in 2003 , " Paul said . "  You know what I really fear about what 's happening here ? It 's another Iraq coming . There 's war propaganda going on . To me , the greatest danger is that we will have a president that will overreact and we will soon bomb Iran . " Even when Baier pushed him to respond to a hypothetical situation where he "  had solid intelligence as President Paul " that Iran was close to building a nuclear weapon , the congressman stood firm . No matter the circumstances , Paul said he would remove all economic sanctions currently in place against Iran , even going so far as to compliment Obama for his handling of the situation -- virtual apostasy in a GOP debate . "  I think he is wisely backing off on the sanctions , " Paul said , warning of the effects sanctions on Iran could have on Europe . "  Sanctions are an act of war when you prevent goods and services from going into a country . We need to approach this a little differently . We have 12,000 diplomats in our services . We ought to use a little bit of diplomacy once in a while . " Paul is no stranger to going out on a limb , and although he received a smattering of applause for his principled stance , he found no agreement from his rivals on the stage . In fact , one of the largest cheers of the night came after when Michele Bachmann called his position "  dangerous . " So while Paul is finding traction with a growing section of libertarian-leaning Republicans , his approach to foreign policy may still be a little too hard-line for a majority of primary voters . Bachmann goes on the offense Michele Bachmann has been hovering in the bottom-tier ever since her Iowa straw poll win in August , but she held her own on the stage in Sioux City and may have even fared better than many of her competitors . She had the sharpest attack lines of the night against frontrunner Gingrich : "  You do n't need to be within the technical definition of being a lobbyist to still be influence-peddling with senior Republicans in Washington , D.C. , to get them to do your bidding . " The Minnesota congresswoman also drew applause when she challenged Ron Paul 's position on Iran . "  I think I have never heard a more dangerous answer for American security than the one that we just heard from Ron Paul , " Bachmann said . CNN 's Truth Squad Gingrich dressed Bachmann down for challenging his work with mortgage giant Freddie Mac , saying people like her "  ought to have facts before they make wild allegations . " Bachmann quickly deflected the criticism and charged back at the frontrunner . "  I think it 's outrageous to continue to say over and over through the debate that I do n't have my facts right when as a matter of fact I do , " Bachmann said . "  I 'm a serious candidate for president of the United States . And my facts are accurate . " But if Bachmann still feels the need to proclaim her seriousness at this point in the race , Iowa voters may have similar concerns . Perry peaks at right time ? If only Rick Perry had begun like this . The Texas governor delivered a forceful performance in a state where he hopes to reinvigorate his struggling campaign , including delivering perhaps the line of the night when he said he might just defy expectations and become the "  Tim Tebow of the Iowa caucuses . " Just like for Tebow and his fluky mechanics , expectations for Perry in this debate were certainly low . But he was warmly received by the audience on topics ranging from dismissing Attorney General Eric Holder to establishing a part-time Congress to defending the border from illegal entrants -- an issue Perry has worked to turn into a rhetorical strength . "  I 've been dealing with this issue for 11 years , " he said of sealing the Texas-Mexico border . "  I 've sent Texas Ranger recon teams there . Our law enforcement men and women face fire from across the border or in the U.S. side from these drug cartels . It is not safe there . Our country is at jeopardy . " At one point Perry , the politician with a history of verbal slips , even corrected moderator Baier when he misattributed a quote to Ronald Reagan . If Iowa voters were impressed by Perry 's performance , his rapid improvement as a debater may just come in time to make a difference on January 3 . Huntsman left his heart in New Hampshire Jon Huntsman made a rare trip to Iowa to participate in the debate , but his answers seemed directed more to the socially moderate and Independent voters who populate his adopted state of New Hampshire . The former Utah governor emphasized his conservative credentials on the economy , including instituting a flat tax in his home state and his "  limited government , pro-growth " philosophy . Asked about the United Nations -- traditionally a punching bag for Republicans -- Huntsman said "  it serves a useful purpose in the area of peacekeeping . " On a question about environmental concerns overruling energy production , Huntsman called it "  a delicate balance , " and espoused natural gas as one part of the solution . And in case anybody did n't get the message , at one point Huntsman told his colleagues on the stage : "  You do n't need to pander , " he said . "  We need to be who we are . "	Newt Gingrich : "  I 've said consistently , these are all friends of mine " Ron Paul goes against the mainstream GOP grain regarding the policy toward Iran Michele Bachmann has the sharpest attack lines against frontrunner Gingrich Rick Perry delivers a forceful performance ; Jon Huntsman likely aims for New Hampshire
CNN  A year ago at the Australian Open , Stan Wawrinka achieved something not done in five years . He became the first man outside tennis ' "  Big Four " to win a major since Juan Martin del Potro in 2009 . The women 's champion was less surprising , in the form of the now retired Li Na . With this year 's opening grand slam starting Monday , here are seven things to watch as the tennis season bursts into life . Rafa 's comeback If Rafael Nadal wins in Melbourne , he might cherish his second title more than his first . That 's because after beating Roger Federer in a thrilling five-set final in 2009 , Melbourne Park has been less than kind to the 14-time grand slam champion on the health front . Check out this list : In 2010 he retired with a knee injury , a year later he suffered a hamstring injury in his quarterfinal and last year a back problem surfaced while warming up for the final . It was the clear turning point and Wawrinka took advantage . It was his long-time rival Federer who wept after losing to Nadal in 2009 , but it was the Spaniard 's turn to cry in 2014 . Nadal has n't competed at a grand slam since Wimbledon , having skipped the U.S. Open with a wrist complaint , and his buildup has been marred by two bad losses in the Middle East . But Friday 's draw for 2015 's first major was kind to Nadal . He appears to have a smooth path to the semifinals . Should Nadal somehow be the last man standing , only two triumphs would separate him and 17-time grand slam winner Federer . Serena 's quest for 19 If it was an odd-numbered year over the last decade , chances are that Serena Williams won the Australian Open . She took home the title in 2003 , 2005 , 2007 and 2009 . But Williams ' recent appearances mirror Nadal 's . There was the ankle she hurt at a warm-up tournament in 2012 that led to a fourth-round exit in Melbourne . In 2013 a back injury was probably to blame for a quarterfinal loss and last year the back flared up again in the quarterfinals . Williams ' play early in 2015 is sure to have worried her fans , too . The 18-time grand slam singles winner complained of a lack of energy at the Hopman Cup in Perth and subsequently split two of her four singles matches . Like Nadal , Williams ' longest grand slam drought now happens to be in Melbourne . She won the U.S. Open in September by topping her BFF , Caroline Wozniacki , but they ca n't face off in the Australian Open final since they 're in the same quarter . Roger 's bid for one more major With Nadal 's performances patchy , world No. 1 Novak Djokovic getting off to a less than stellar start in 2015 and Andy Murray struggling for grand slam form , the 33-year-old Federer ca n't be discarded . While Federer did n't have to face any of his fellow "  Big Four " members as he shone in Brisbane -- where he collected his 1,000 th match win -- he defeated two players thought of as outside grand slam contenders in 2015 . He dispatched Milos Raonic in the final having routed Grigor Dimitrov in the semifinals . Aiding Federer would have been a kind draw , but unfortunately for him , it did n't happen . He found himself in the same quarter as Murray and same half as Nadal . Eugenie Bouchard and the Genie Army Can the "  Genie Army " propel Eugenie Bouchard to glory ? Although she showed flashes in 2013 , last year in Melbourne was when the tennis world truly took note of the 20-year-old . Her semifinal showing was n't an anomaly , with Bouchard then reaching the last four at the French Open and the final at Wimbledon . But Bouchard could n't duplicate her success from August onwards , the low point perhaps coming at the year-end championships where she failed to win a set in her three matches . Fatigue no doubt played a role . Bouchard arrives in Melbourne this year without a permanent coach , and you wonder how high her confidence is . The return of Juan Martin del Potro Only The Grinch would n't be happy that del Potro is back playing tennis . Skipping most of last year with further wrist troubles , his supporters must have been holding their breath when the Argentine pulled out of Brisbane . But he returned in Sydney this week -- unsure of how his left wrist would cope -- and made the quarterfinals . The pain has n't gone away yet , he said . None of the contenders would want to face del Potro early , though only the very optimistic would suggest he could win a second major over the coming fortnight . Maybe claiming a few rounds and coming through the tournament unscathed would be enough for him . He does n't face a top-10 player in his opener but it 's still an enticing -- and imposing -- encounter . The 6-foot-6 "  Tower of Tandil " plays 2013 Wimbledon semifinalist Jerzy Janowicz , who stands 6-foot-8 . Simona Halep 's opening major ? In an era where players on the women 's tour all seem to be towering 6-footers , Simona Halep -- 5-foot-6 -- is an exception . She still packs a punch from the baseline , but it 's her use of angles that so often gets her into winning positions in rallies . Her backhand is one of the best around . If Halep 's breakthrough was in 2013 , she went one better last year by making the difficult jump into the top 10 and top five . How close was the Romanian to winning the French Open ? Very . She extended one of the game 's top competitors , Sharapova , to 6-4 in the third set of the final . Halep -- the most clicked on player on the WTA 's website last year -- began this year with a title in Shenzhen . A high-profile home hope Who is the top Australian hope ? The rankings will tell you it 's Samantha Stosur , who like del Potro is a U.S. Open winner . She 's the world No. 20 on the women 's tour . But Stosur has never really flourished at the Australian Open , and she has n't been shy to admit that nerves have been a huge factor . Only once since 2007 has Stosur -- armed with arguably the best second serve in the women 's game -- exceeded the third round . Australians are probably banking on Nick Kyrgios , the athletic 19-year-old who stunned Nadal at Wimbledon , to have an extended run . Kyrgios chose to take a break in September , saying he was "  burnt out , " and injuries have crept up . He missed the Hopman Cup with a sore back . So expecting too much from Kyrgios may be a mistake .	The Australian Open starts Monday in Melbourne Rafael Nadal makes his grand slam comeback Serena Williams seeks a 19th career major Roger Federer enters with momentum after 1,000 th win
CNN  -- A jury sentenced an Arkansas man to life in prison without parole for killing a television anchor , officials said Thursday . The Pulaski County , Arkansas , jury on Wednesday convicted Curtis Lavelle Vance , 29 , of capital murder , residential burglary , rape and theft of property in the October 2008 slaying of Anne Pressly , 26 . Pressly , the morning news anchor for CNN affiliate KATV , was found beaten and unconscious in her home . She died five days later . Vance 's sentencing phase began after he was convicted Wednesday of capital murder , rape and burglary . Jurors were tasked with deciding whether the aggravating circumstances in favor of the death penalty outweighed the mitigating circumstances . "  Tonight , they have come back with a sentence , a sentence that they believe , and we share with them , is the harshest possible sentence for this gentleman going forward , where he will now spend the rest of his natural life in a 6-by-9 cell with nothing to think about but what he has done , " said Guy Cannady , stepfather of the victim . "  It 's not until he 's carried out of Tucker Max in a pine box will he really meet his true judgment , " Cannady added , referring to Arkansas ' Tucker Maximum Security Prison . He said he was not disappointed that Vance did not receive the death penalty . Prosecutor Larry Jegley said the jury gave Vance "  everything they could give him except the death penalty . " Asked if there were too many mitigating circumstances , Jegley said , "  I do n't know . I ca n't speak for the jury . Cases like this , all you can do is put 'em in front of 12 good people and ask them to follow the evidence and do what their conscience demands . " Attempts by CNN to reach members of Vance 's defense team were unsuccessful Wednesday and Thursday . "  There really are n't any winners tonight , " Cannady said . "  Nothing that 's been done here will ever bring Anne back . We 'll never see her smile , we 'll never hear her laugh , we 'll never know the joy of her presence with us until we see her again in heaven . " Among the defense witnesses presented Thursday was Vance 's mother , Jacqueline Vance Burnett , CNN affiliate KARK reported . Burnett cried on the stand as she spoke about her battle with crack addiction and admitted abusing her son when he was a child , including an incident when he was 7 years old and she slammed his head into a brick wall , the station said . A doctor testified earlier Thursday that Vance had told him school was easy for him before that incident , but difficult afterward . Both doctors said they believe Vance has frontal lobe damage to his brain as well as cognitive impairment , according to KARK . Vance was linked to the killing through DNA , however , and police said at the time of his arrest last year they were "  110 percent " sure he was guilty . He had given several statements to police , including one saying he was at Pressly 's home and another admitting to her murder . Defense attorney Steve Morley told CNN affiliate WREG as Vance 's trial began earlier this month that such evidence presented an obstacle for the defense , but said he hoped jurors could be persuaded to spare his client 's life . KARK reported that jurors heard recordings in which Vance apparently confessed to beating Pressly with a piece of wood . Pressly 's mother , Patti Cannady , told NBC last year her daughter fought hard for her life , breaking her left hand in the process . "  I found my daughter beyond recognition , with every bone in her face broken , her nose broken , her jaw pulverized so badly that the bone had come out of it , " Cannady said . "  I actually thought that her throat had possibly been cut . Her entire skull had numerous fractures from which she suffered a massive stroke . " DNA evidence has also tied Vance to a rape in April 2008 in Marianna , Arkansas , about 90 miles east of Little Rock , police said in December . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Curtis Lavelle Vance , convicted in slaying of Anne Pressly , faced death penalty Doctors , mother testify about Vance 's abuse as a child , possible brain damage "  There really are n't any winners tonight , " Pressly 's stepfather says of case
CNN  -- A bridge failed in Paulsboro , New Jersey , on Friday , sending four train cars -- at least one leaking a toxic chemical -- crashing into a creek near the Delaware River . Four of the cars involved in the crash were carrying the chemical -- a highly toxic and flammable substance called vinyl chloride -- which leaked from at least one tank car into Mantua Creek , New Jersey emergency and environmental officials said . A total of seven rail cars derailed . Some 71 patients with respiratory issues and scratchy throats went to Underwood-Memorial Hospital , officials said . Sixty-eight were later discharged ; three remained in stable condition , said hospital spokeswoman Molly Tritt . Nearby schools placed students on lockdown , and authorities ordered evacuations in a very limited area around the accident . At a news conference , a state environmental official indicated that much of the danger had passed , but he warned residents to stay alert for public safety announcements . "  It appears that all of the vinyl chloride that was in the particular car has dissipated , " said Larry Hajna of the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection . "  There 's no more release going on . " Booms have been placed in the creek as a precaution , he said , to contain about 180,000 pounds of chemicals that leaked . The air surrounding the wreck is being monitored and is safe , the official said . Later , department spokesman Larry Ragonese offered CNN a more definitive assessment , saying , "  There is no environmental emergency . " Video of the train wreck site from CNN affiliate WPVI showed two tanker cars dangling from the collapsed railroad bridge . Other cars were in the creek , partially sunken amid rising smoke . Watch helicopter video of the collapsed bridge and train wreckage Vinyl chloride is used to make plastic and vinyl products , including PVC pipes , according to the Environmental Protection Agency , which has labeled the chemical a Group A human carcinogen . "  Short-term exposure to high levels of vinyl chloride in air has resulted in central nervous system effects , such as dizziness , drowsiness , and headaches , " the EPA says on its website . The remaining overturned railroad cars "  are going to have to be righted , " said Paulsboro spokesman John Burzichelli . Mindful of the two cars dangling from the wrecked bridge , Burzichelli said that "  there 's probably going to be one car that 's going to be a very delicate move . " "  It 's a time for caution , " he said , warning residents to listen for announcements as the emergency is assessed . Burzichelli described the bridge as "  a very old structure " that underwent "  a major rebuild " three years ago . Officials said some posts had failed before the work . Three "  major trains " go across the bridge each day , he said . Federal safety officials will look at maintenance histories for the track and bridge and conduct standard drug and alcohol testing of the crew . Deborah Hersman , chairwoman of the National Transportation Safety Board , told reporters near the scene that the freight-only bridge is owned and operated by Conrail . It was too early to determine a cause of the incident , she said . Other agencies will work to remove the wreckage and get the rest of the material out of the breached tank car . "  We will be proceeding with caution , " Hersman said . The train consisted of two locomotives , 82 rail cars and a caboose and originated from Camden . Conrail said it will work closely with local , federal and public health authorities in the wake of the crash . "  We very much regret the impacts to the community and deeply appreciate the efforts of the first response teams and officials , " it said in a written statement . Related : Residents told to remain aware Immediately after the wreck , residents told WPVI that they smelled an odor in the area . Authorities warned residents to stay indoors as a precaution and to keep windows closed . The Coast Guard sent crews to the scene to begin cleanup efforts . Paulsboro is southwest of Camden , about a 20-minute drive from Philadelphia . Are you there ? Share your stories , videos and images . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : 71 go to hospital , 68 are released "  There is no environmental emergency , " a state official says A toxic chemical from one derailed train car has dissipated , an official says A National Transportation Safety Board team arrives on the scene
CNN  -- The distraught caller to 911 sobs as the police dispatcher repeatedly asks him the nature of the emergency . Finally the caller realizes someone is on the other end of the phone . "  My parents got in an argument and there were shots fired , " he cries . The man who was fatally shot was Daniel Crespo , the mayor of Bell Gardens , California , and the shooter was his wife , Levette Crespo , who shot her husband multiple times in the torso , according to police . On Tuesday , the Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department released two 911 calls from the September 30 shooting , one from the couple 's son and the other from a neighbor . "  It was n't my mom 's fault . She was defending herself , " Daniel Crespo Jr. says on the tape in the frantic aftermath of the shooting . After the Bell Gardens 911 operator confirms that the mother , 43 , has shot her 45-year-old husband , Daniel Crespo Jr. says : "  He hurt me . He hurt me . He 's on the floor dying , OK ? He hurt me . " CNN affiliate KTLA reported -- citing investigators -- that the son , who is 19 , tried to break up a fight between his parents . Levette Crespo has not been charged and a police investigation continues , KTLA reported . Born and raised in Brooklyn , New York , Daniel Crespo moved to Bell Gardens in 1987 . He worked as a probation officer , a job he held even after becoming mayor of the city of 42,000 , about 10 miles southeast of Los Angeles in 2001 .	On September 30 , mayor of California town near Los Angeles was killed at home On a 911 call , son says his mom was defending him when she fired gun "  It was n't my mom 's fault , " the frantic caller says An investigation is ongoing and no one has been charged in the shooting
CNN  -- When an anonymous donor gave art to the Goodwill as an early holiday gift this month , the staff thought it was junk . "  Across the board they thought it was ugly , " said Shea Munroe , who sorts the art and collectibles donated at Goodwill Industries in Federal Way , Washington . Co-workers told her : "  What is that ? And why would anybody want that ? " The art is actually a Salvador Dali original , by the master surrealist who in his day relished the role of public provocateur with his mind-bending imagery . The work is a colored etching , and the framed piece even features the familiar Dali motif of a melting watch , placed on the wrist of a pointing hand . Its title is "  Reflection " or "  Reflections , " from "  The Cycles of Life Suite , " and the art is signed by Dali and numbered "  126/150 . " The work is also labeled as an "  etching and photolithography from collage . " Munroe was familiar with Dali , and she researched the work and its attached letter of authenticity . She confirmed she had something special , though several co-workers knew nothing of the surrealist , not even his famously flamboyant moustache . Stolen Salvador Dali painting returned from abroad "  This is probably the real deal , " Munroe said of her discovery of the Dali work . "  The manager knew who he was right away , and we were both really excited . " Goodwill is now auctioning the art on its website . As of late Friday afternoon , the bidding reached $ 10,505 . Goodwill has noted that the artwork 's paper "  has some warping , as if from humidity , " with some discolored speckling to one part of the matting and a few deep scratches and scuffs to the glass and frame , the website says . The online auction ends Monday at 7:30 p.m. PST . Goodwill does n't know the donor , who managed to sneak away during a busy time at the drop-off facility , Munroe said . But the donor kept intact the back of the frame , which contained an envelope with a certificate of authenticity and registration number from a defunct gallery in North Hollywood , California . An appraiser retained by Goodwill also confirmed the authenticity of the Dali , and the charitable organization also ensured the art was n't stolen , said Amanda Bedell , spokeswoman for Goodwill in Tacoma , Washington . The nonprofit provides employment and training programs to people with disabilities and disadvantages , and the group sells donated goods in more than 2,600 stores . Goodwill held on to the Dali for a week in case someone claimed it was accidentally donated , Bedell said . "  We do n't know the background of what the circumstances were , " Bedell said of the donation . "  It 's a steady stream of people coming in . It 's not necessarily documented what every person comes in with . " About 74 million people in the United States and Canada donate annually to Goodwill , Bedell said . "  We have a very busy donation door , and we have several people who work that door , " Munroe said , explaining how the donor was able to remain unknown . When a signed piece of art arrives at a donation center , Goodwill sets it aside for special review , Munroe said . Most donated goods are sold at Goodwill stores , but prizes such as the Dali are auctioned online -- to maximize their value , said Munroe , who works for Goodwill 's online department . The Dali is the highlight of her past six years of working for the nonprofit , in addition to her two years of service in the 1970s , she said . Until this month , the biggest donations she oversaw were professional 35-mm cameras that fetched $ 8,400 on Goodwill 's auction website , she said . To the anonymous donor , Munroe , 58 , offered a message : "  I would say thank you for helping us with our mission because we have a lot of programs that put people to work , and it 's people right here in the communities . " The bidding for the Dali piece is still short of the most prized art auctioned by Goodwill : A Frank Weston Benson oil painting , dated 1924 and also donated anonymously , was sold online by Goodwill in 2006 for $ 165,002 .	An anonymous donor drops off a framed piece of art at a Goodwill in Washington state Goodwill staff thinks it 's "  ugly " and declares : "  Why would anybody want that ? " But it 's a Salvador Dali etching , signed by the master surrealist Goodwill is auctioning the Dali on its website until Monday : bidding is now $ 10k +
CNN  -- Armed with just a video-enabled cell phone and a YouTube account , California resident John Tyner sparked a nationwide controversy over new TSA backscatter imaging machines and pat-down procedures during the busy holiday air travel season . Tyner is the man who told a TSA agent not to touch his "  junk " while he refused a pat-down search November 13 at a San Diego , California , airport . As Americans fly to and from holiday gatherings this season , some travelers -- anxious about their rights at airport security checkpoints -- may try to follow Tyner 's lead and video their TSA encounters . Is that legal ? It depends . TSA says on its blog : "  If you are taking pictures at or near the checkpoint , do n't be surprised if someone  TSA , airport police , or a curious passenger  asks you what you 're up to . We do n't prohibit public , passengers or press from photographing , videotaping , or filming at screening locations . You can take pictures at our checkpoints as long as you 're not interfering with the screening process or slowing things down . "  We also ask that you do not film or take pictures of our monitors . However , while the TSA does not prohibit photographs at screening locations , local laws , state statutes , or local ordinances might . Your best bet is to call ahead and see what that specific airport 's policy is . " Wednesday on NetworkWorld.com , "  Ms. Smith , " the site 's privacy and security blogger , wrote about what you can do if threatened with arrest when recording video at TSA checkpoints . Smith advises : "  If you are flying and decide to turn on your phone to take video of TSA checkpoints , that is legal as long as you do not film the TSA 's monitors , or interfere with or slow down the screening process . However , if you do videotape TSA checkpoints , then you should have the TSA public affairs  TSA 's Office of Strategic Communications  number plugged into your phone : 571-227-2829 . "  Another important phone number to have with you is the TSA 's Office of Civil Rights at 571-227-1917 . It all depends where you are and if the police or TSA agents know the law . " Smith also recaps several recent incidents where travelers were threatened with arrest or had their phones or cameras confiscated by police or airport security for attempting to take photos or video at TSA checkpoints . If you do decide to shoot video with your phone of the TSA , police , or other security officials in action , it helps to keep in mind that the secret of good video is good audio . So keep talking . Tyner 's 12-minute video of his TSA encounter certainly is n't much to look at -- most of the time the camera is pointing at the ceiling or at people 's feet or waists . Tyner did not shove his phone 's camera in the faces of the officers who were questioning and detaining him . He managed to confront them clearly , and convey his concern and outrage , through talking -- rather than the more confrontational body language that pointing a camera at someone 's face implies . This can help control tension in a stressful encounter . What made Tyner 's video so popular is that you can hear pretty clearly what the people involved in the encounter were saying and the tone of their interactions . The microphone on Tyner 's phone captured sufficiently good audio to get the point across . Not all cell phones have good microphones , so make sure you record some test video -- in advance , probably before you get involved in a security confrontation -- so you know what to do .  More tips for cell phone audio recording . So if you 're shooting video of a security encounter , keep talking ; keep asking questions -- especially clarifying ones like "  What are you doing ? " rather than rhetorical ones like "  Ever hear of the U.S. Constitution ? " ; let people answer you -- do n't interrupt them or shout over them ; and generally collect as much audio information as possible . Note that Tyner apparently did not inform the TSA officials that he was recording the encounter , which may also be why he did n't point the phone at them . Recording police or security officers can be a legal gray area . As Glenn Harlan Reynolds explained in "  Popular Mechanics " earlier this year , taking photos is public places is not a crime . However , as Wendy McElroy explained in the blog , "  The Freeman , " 12 states currently have laws requiring that "  all parties must consent for a recording to be legal -- unless , as with TV news crews , it is obvious to all that recording is underway . " Three of these states have taken this recording restriction a step further . According to McElroy , Illinois , Maryland and Massachusetts have specifically made it "  illegal to record an on-duty police officer even if the encounter involves you and may be necessary to your defense , and even if the recording is on a public street where no expectation of privacy exists . " It 's unclear whether this law also applies to other security officers such as TSA , transit police , or campus security . Recording security or police officers in action definitely is not risk-free . Knowing your rights , the law in that state , location-specific policies like airport rules , your equipment , and recording technique basics can help you make the best decisions in these situations .	John Tyner sparked controversy with his 12 - minute video of his recent TSA encounter 12 states currently have laws that say all parties must consent for a recording to be legal Find out your rights , the law in that state and location-specific policies on recording
CNN  Talk about a traveler 's nightmare . Amtrak passengers cooled their heels -- and the rest of their bodies -- for 13 1/2 hours before their train finally pulled out of Chicago 's Union Station on Thursday morning . "  I had on leggings , a pair of wool socks , winter boots , a long-sleeve shirt , zip-up pullover , a fleece , a winter down jacket , hat , gloves and scarf , " said passenger Kristine Charbonneau . "  I ended up adding my sweatpants and blankets . " Some of the Amtrak passengers shivered inside Union Station during the wait , she said . "  They had the heat turned down , " Charbonneau said . "  Finally at 3 a.m. the facilities guy came in here and turned up heat -- said he did it before morning rush hour . We were freezing down there . "  People were begging for food , " she said . "  They finally brought snacks for us . " The delay for Amtrak 48/448 was caused by mechanical problems , including frozen brakes , said Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari . Winter weather caused other transportation problems , especially in the Midwest . More than 400 flights were canceled Thursday at Chicago O'Hare and Midway airports , said the Chicago Department of Aviation , and the Minnesota State Patrol reported 589 auto crashes . The Iowa Department of Transportation said a dozen snowplows were involved in crashes with other vehicles , according to the agency 's Facebook page . In Chicago , the Amtrak assengers arrived at the station expecting the train to leave at 9:30 p.m. Wednesday . After the long wait , the train finally headed to New York and Boston at 11:08 a.m. Thursday , he said . It 's expected to arrive about 5:30 a.m. Friday at Penn Station in New York , he said . Amtrak sold 144 tickets for the train , plus another 20 that will go to Boston only . Magliari said waiting passengers could sit in the station or on the train , which has sleeping compartments and reclining seats . "  We fed people and had hot chocolate and drinks , of course , on the train , " he said . To add to their frustration , the passengers endured a false start toward their destination . The train initially left Chicago about 8 a.m. Thursday , but Norfolk Southern realized train employees had been on the clock too long , said Robin Chapman , director of public relations for Norfolk Southern . The train was ordered back to Union Station for a fresh crew , Chapman said . "  Amtrak 48 was ready to go but it was 10.5 hours late because it had had an engine failure , " Chapman said . "  The crew only had 15 minutes left on their service time because of the hours of service regulation . We could not let them go . " For the passengers , it was one more thing . "  We passed White Sox Stadium and stopped for about half an hour , " Charbonneau said . "  Our conductor got back on and said that our replacement crew can only work for so many hours . ... There were some people who were really upset . " Amtrak will offer refunds , Magliari said . Charbonneau said she 'll be demanding one . Amtrak rolls out writers ' residency	Mechanical problems cause delay of 13.5 hours from scheduled departure time One passenger says Union Station was unheated during some of their wait
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has waded deep into the effort to deal with the aftermath of the world 's worst nuclear accident in a quarter century . His government said Tuesday it would spend the equivalent of $ 470 million to try to tackle the alarming toxic water crisis at the country 's tsunami-crippled nuclear power plant . National authorities are stepping in as Tokyo Electric Power Company struggles to cope with an array of daunting problems at its stricken Fukushima Daiichi plant . The move is a gamble for Abe , who comfortably won elections last year and has so far remained popular . Why Fukushima is worse than you think "  Today , instead of the previous stopgap countermeasures , we have put together a basic policy for countering the contaminated water issue , " Abe said after a ministerial meeting Tuesday . TEPCO has accumulated a huge volume of tainted water at the site since a massive earthquake and tsunami in 2011 set off meltdowns at three of the plant 's reactors . A litany of leaks Last month , it said one of roughly 1,000 huge storage tanks at the site had leaked 300 tons of toxic water , prompting Japan 's nuclear regulator to declare the situation a Level 3 serious incident , its gravest assessment since the meltdowns at the plant in 2011 . TEPCO looks for outside help to stabilize Fukushima Now , the regulator says it suspects more leaks from other containers after the company detected high radiation levels in some parts of the water storage system over the weekend . TEPCO is also having difficulty managing the large quantities of groundwater that flow into and out of the area around the plant each day . In July , it admitted that radioactive groundwater was leaking into the Pacific Ocean from the site , bypassing an underground barrier built to seal in the water . Michael Friedlander , a former nuclear plant operator and engineer , described the groundwater problem as one of the biggest long-term issues at the plant . "  It 's like having a leak in your basement , " he told CNN Tuesday . Government measures Amid mounting concerns about the crisis and TEPCO 's ability to deal with it , Abe said last month his government would step in . Fukishima tuna study finds miniscule health risks In the plan outlined Tuesday , the government said it intends to spend roughly $ 320 million on a technologically challenging project to freeze the ground around the reactors to prevent groundwater from leaking into the plant and carrying radioactive particles with it as it seeps out . Japan ponders freezing ground The plan to freeze the ground had already been proposed by TEPCO , but the government says it is trying to speed up measures to get a grip on the water crisis . It earmarked a further $ 150 million for a new , more effective processing system for the tainted water at the plant . Authorities will also replace water storage tanks that are held together by bolts with welded tanks , which have a lower risk of leaking . The three main elements of the government 's plan are to decrease the amount of contaminated water in and underneath the reactor buildings and surrounding trenches , keep groundwater away from already toxic water and prevent tainted water from seeping into the ocean . Frozen ground The plan to freeze the ground around the reactors is particularly ambitious . The Japanese government has previously described the task as "  unprecedented . " The technology has been used before in the construction of tunnels , but never on the massive scale that the Fukushima plant would require . It also has never been used for the years or decades that experts think will be needed at the plant . It is likely to involve plunging tubes carrying a powerful coolant liquid deep into the ground . The liquid would freeze the ground solid so that no groundwater could pass through it . Friedlander said that the ground freezing is "  a good solution as an interim fix " until the leaks underneath the reactors are permanently sealed . TEPCO has been grappling with water issues ever since the plant was hit by the natural disasters in 2011 . The resulting meltdowns constituted the second-worst nuclear accident in history , trailing only the 1986 disaster at Chernobyl , in the former Soviet Union . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	The prime minister vows to move on from TEPCO 's "  stopgap countermeasures " The government says it will spend about $ 320 million on a plan to freeze the ground An expert describes that measure as a good "  interim fix " It is intended to stop groundwater from entering the site and mixing with toxic water
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- Engineers succeeded Tuesday in righting the Costa Concordia cruise liner off the Italian island of Giglio , where it had capsized when it ran aground in January 2012 , killing dozens of people . "  She is standing upright better than anyone thought she would be , " said Nick Sloane , the senior salvage master , about the vessel three football fields in length . "  When she started moving , she moved slowly but surely . There was no twisting at all . It was exactly as the plan said it would be . " In an unprecedented and painstaking process that involved massive pulleys , cables and steel tanks , the 500-person salvage crew from 26 countries rolled the 114,000-ton vessel off the rocks on which it had rested since it ran aground . "  It was a perfect operation , I would say , " said Franco Porcellacchia , the head of the technical team for the cruise line Costa Crochiere , owned by American firm Carnival Cruises . The effort began at 9 a.m. Monday . By midnight , despite delays caused by thunderstorms and the need to tighten a slack cable , the ship had been hauled off the rocks and upward about 25 degrees . That was far enough for the salvage crew to start drawing water into massive steel boxes attached to the exposed side of the hull and then use the weight of that water to finish rolling the hulk onto a steel platform built off the sea floor . Four hours later , the wrecked ship was resting on the platform , said Franco Gabrielli , the head of Italy 's Civil Protection Authority . Once the ship was righted , a slashing , diagonal line could be seen separating the white paint of the exposed hull from the brownish muck that had collected on its starboard side . There appeared to be no sign of leaks , Gabrielli told reporters -- a promising sign , as the wrecked liner is full of spoiled food and chemicals in material such as paint and lubricants . "  The sides of the ship will need major work and repair , but today we have really taken a clear step to allow the ship to be taken away , " Gabrielli said . But first , authorities will temporarily take back possession of the site to look for the bodies of two crew members still missing , Sloane said . Once the salvage crew regains possession of the ship , they will find much work remains , Gabrielli said . A robotic submarine equipped with surveillance cameras will survey the damaged side of the ship and create models needed in planning for the next phase of operations -- the attachment of more buoyancy chambers called sponsons to the starboard side . Once those are installed , water will be pumped out of the sponsons to refloat the vessel . Organizers expect the ship wo n't be towed away for dismantling until the summer of 2014 . "  We will have a lot of things in the next few days to understand what needs to done to bring this venture to a conclusion , " Porcellacchia said . But Tuesday 's predawn accomplishment was met with applause from the people of Giglio , a tiny island that was transformed by the disaster . "  We are not at the end of the operation , but this is a very important achievement , " Giglio Mayor Sergio Ortelli said . No sign of lost victims ' remains The Costa Concordia ran aground off Giglio in January 2012 , killing 32 of the 4,200 people on board . The remains of Russel Rebello of India and Maria Grazia Trecarichi of Sicily have not been recovered . Rebello , 33 , was a cruise waiter who was last seen helping passengers off the ship . Trecarichi was on the cruise to celebrate her 50th birthday with her 17-year-old daughter , who survived . The nearly $ 800 million effort is the largest maritime salvage operation ever , according to Costa Crochiere and its partners , Florida-based Titan Salvage and the Italian marine contractor Micoperi . Reporters and sightseers lined the port and the hillsides during the operation . A complex process Monday 's process , known as parbuckling , was the first step in the plan to remove and scrap the 952-foot ship . The Concordia was rotated onto giant platforms 30 meters  about 98 feet  below the water level , which leaves parts of the ship that have been dry for months submerged and filled with water . No ship this large or heavy had ever been parbuckled before . Normally , crews would have blown up the ship or taken it apart on site -- a cheaper route than what 's being done now . But officials say that was n't an option with the Costa Concordia , because the ship is filled with noxious substances and because the two bodies are believed to be either trapped beneath or inside the ship . What 's inside of wrecked cruise ship ? Hundreds of people and dozens of companies have collaborated on the preparations , but the parbuckling came down to 12 people , including salvage master Sloane and specialized technicians , who guided the operation from inside a prefabricated control room set up on a tower on a barge in front of the ship . In preparation for Monday , towers were anchored onto the rocky shore and fitted with computer-operated pulley-like wheels . When the rotation began , the wheels guided thick cables and chains that pulled the middle third of the ship from under its belly toward Giglio . At the same time , more chains and cables attached to the sponsons welded onto the ship 's port side pulled the ship from the top toward the open sea . Has master mariner in charge of salvage met his match ? Noxious substances , other items on board If things had gone wrong , the ship could have broken apart , causing the toxic contents of the ship to leak . They include thousands of liters of lubricants , paints , insecticides , glue and paint thinners as well as 10 tanks of oxygen and 3,929 liters of carbon dioxide . Refrigerators filled with milk , cheese , eggs and vegetables have been closed tight since the disaster . And the freezers that remain intact contain the rotting remnants of what were once 1,268 kilograms of chicken breasts , 8,200 kilograms of beef , 2,460 kilograms of cheese and 6,850 liters of ice cream . The salvage operators set up two rings of oil booms equipped with sponges and skirts that extend into the water to catch any escaping debris . Francesco Schettino , the captain who guided the ship off course , faces charges of manslaughter , causing a maritime disaster and abandoning ship with passengers still on board . His trial resumes September 23 in Grosseto . A guarantee for the nervous cruiser 5 convicted over deadly shipwreck in Italy Barbie Latza Nadeau and CNN 's Livia Borghese reported from Giglio . CNN 's Matt Smith reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It was exactly as the plan said it would be , " the senior salvage master says The Costa Concordia righted in "  perfect operation , " the technical team 's chief says It 's a massive undertaking that had never been done with such a large ship Two bodies are believed to be in or near the wreckage
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Congress approved a $ 3.4 trillion budget for the coming year Wednesday , approving most of President Obama 's key spending priorities including increasing in health care , education and alternative energy spending . Congress approved a budget plan Wednesday , President Obama 's 100th day in office . The spending plan passed without a single Republican vote in either the House or Senate . The Senate voted for the plan 53-43 . Four Democrats , including recent party-switcher Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , voted against it . Earlier , the House approved the budget 233-193 , with 17 Democrats voting against it . The measure passed two days after congressional Democrats reached an agreement reconciling House and Senate versions of the budget package . "  Today , for the first time in many , many years , we have a president 's budget ... that is a statement of our national values , " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , said during the final debate on the House floor . "  What is important to us as a nation is reflected in this budget . It 's a very happy day for our country . " Republicans said the budget reflected reckless taxing and spending priorities that would leave the country in a more fiscally precarious position . "  Budgets are supposed to be about tough decisions , and there are no tough decisions in this budget , " said House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio . "  It spends an awful lot of money , it raises a lot of taxes , and it puts all of this debt on the backs of our kids and grandkids . This is not the American way . The American way has been about a more limited government . " In one of the most contentious and politically polarizing decisions this year , Democratic budget negotiators decided to fast-track a key part of the budget process . Major health care reform is likely to pass this year because the special process , known as budget reconciliation , wo n't allow Republicans to filibuster the legislation , as was widely expected . Democrats , who control 59 seats in the Senate , will be able to pass it with a simple majority vote instead of the 60 needed to overcome a filibuster . Senate Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad , D-North Dakota , said he did n't believe that the Senate would need to use reconciliation but noted that it is "  there as an insurance policy . " Sen. Mike Enzi , R-Wyoming , speaking for most of his GOP Senate colleagues , warned in the budget debate that if a health care "  reconciliation winds up in the budget bill , it 'll be like a declaration of war . " Under the Democratic plan , the federal government will run an anticipated deficit of $ 1.2 trillion in the next fiscal year . Their plan promises to cut the deficit by more than half by 2012 . "  It is clear that more will be needed to address the long-term fiscal imbalance confronting the nation beyond the five-year budget window , " Conrad said . Under the compromise plan , increases in non-defense discretionary spending are limited to 2.9 percent through 2014 . Obama 's signature tax cuts from the stimulus plan -- $ 400 for individuals and $ 800 for couples -- are slated to expire after 2010 . The measure also allows former President George W. Bush 's tax cuts for couples who make more than $ 250,000 to expire in 2010 . The budget compromise largely tracks the Obama administration 's initial $ 3.67 billion proposed spending plan , with the notable exception to drop his $ 250 billion request for potential bailouts of struggling financial institutions . Fiscally conservative House Democrats , known as Blue Dogs , also negotiated with Democratic leaders to cut $ 10 billion from the president 's $ 540 billion request for non-defense discretionary spending . In an additional nod to her caucus 's conservatives , Pelosi and House Majority Whip Steny Hoyer sent a letter to Senate leaders "  throwing down the gauntlet " to insist that a pay-as-you-go system be followed , which would require new federal spending to be offset with budget cuts or tax increases , a Democratic aide said . Obama called for the "  PAYGO " legislation in his weekend radio address . The president also gathered his Cabinet members last week and challenged them to cut a total of $ 100 million in the next 90 days . In the context of the federal budget , $ 100 million in savings is a tiny amount , critics say . It is the equivalent , according to one example , of having a car dealer offer to shave $ 1 from the cost of a $ 36,700 vehicle . "  Any amount of savings is obviously welcome , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said at the time . "  But -LSB- $ 100 million is -RSB- about the average amount we 'll spend every single day just covering the interest on the stimulus package that we passed earlier this year . " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said ordinary Americans would nevertheless appreciate the savings effort . "  Only in Washington , D.C. , is $ 100 million not a lot of money . It is where I 'm from . It is where I grew up . And I think it is for hundreds of millions of Americans . "	Senate votes in favor of budget 53-43 ; House votes 233-193 No Republican in either chamber voted for measure House speaker says new budget "  is a statement of our national values " Budget compromise tracks Obama 's initial $ 3.67 billion proposed plan
CNN  -- A soldier suspected of fatally shooting 12 and wounding 31 at Fort Hood in Texas on Thursday is not dead as previously reported by the military , the base 's commander said Thursday evening . A civilian officer who was wounded in the incident shot the suspect , who is "  in custody and in stable condition , " Army Lt. Gen. Robert Cone told reporters . "  Preliminary reports indicate there was a single shooter that was shot multiple times at the scene , " Cone said at a news conference . "  However , he was not killed as previously reported . " The suspect , identified as Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood around 1:30 p.m. , Cone said . Three others initially taken into custody for interviews have been released , Cone said . Hasan , 39 , is a graduate of Virginia Tech and a psychiatrist licensed in Virginia who was practicing at Darnall Army Medical Center at Fort Hood , according to military and professional records . Previously , he worked at Walter Reed Army Medical Center . A federal official said Hasan is a U.S. citizen of Jordanian descent . Military documents show that Hasan was born in Virginia and was never deployed outside the United States . In a statement released Thursday , Hasan 's cousin , Nader Hasan , said his family is "  filled with grief for the families of today 's victims . " "  Our family loves America . We are proud of our country , and saddened by today 's tragedy , " the statement said . "  Because this situation is still unfolding , we have nothing else that we are able to share with you at this time . " Hasan was scheduled to be deployed to Iraq "  and appeared to be upset about that , " Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , said . "  I think that there is a lot of investigation going on now into his background and what he was doing that was not known before , " Hutchison said . Hutchison said she was told that the soldiers at the readiness facility "  were filling out paper processing to go to Iraq or Afghanistan , " according to CNN affiliate KXAN in Austin , Texas . The readiness center is one of the last stops before soldiers deploy . It is also one of the first places a soldier goes upon returning to the United States . The base reopened Thursday night after being under lockdown for more than five hours . At a news conference earlier in the day , Cone said at least 10 of the dead were soldiers . The shooter had two weapons , both handguns , Cone said . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send pics , video A witness in a building adjacent to where the shooting happened said soldiers were cutting up their uniforms into homemade bandages as the wounded were brought into the building . "  It was total chaos , " the witness said . Cone said a graduation ceremony was being held in an auditorium just 50 meters from where the shooting took place . "  Thanks to the quick reaction of several soldiers , they were able to close off the doors to that auditorium where there were some 600 people inside , " he said . Peggy McCarty of Missouri told CNN affiliate KSHB that her daughter , Keara Bono , was among Thursday 's wounded . She said she briefly spoke to Bono , who told her she had been shot in her left shoulder but was doing well . "  She 's being deployed to Iraq on December 7 , " McCarty said . "  I thought I was more worried about her going over to Iraq than here , just doing training in Texas . She just got there yesterday . " A woman who lives on base , about eight blocks from the shooting , said she and her daughter were at home when her husband called and told them to stay inside . "  And I asked him why , what was going on . He said that there was a shooting , " said the woman , Nicole , who asked that her last name not be used . She said her husband called her back about 20 minutes later and told her to go upstairs , stay away from doors and windows and keep the doors locked . "  It 's just been crazy , " she said . "  Sirens everywhere . " A soldier who asked not to be identified told CNN that an e-mail went out to all base personnel instructing them not to speak to the media . President Obama called the shootings "  tragic " and "  a horrific outburst of violence . " He expressed his condolences for the shooting victims . "  These are men and women who have made the selfless and courageous decision to risk , and at times give , their lives to protect the rest of us on a daily basis , " Obama said . "  It 's difficult enough when we lose these brave Americans in battles overseas . It is horrifying that they should come under fire at an Army base on American soil . " Scott & White Memorial Hospital in Temple , Texas , posted an online appeal for blood as it began receving victims . "  Due to the recent events on Fort Hood , we are in URGENT need of ALL blood types , " it said . Fort Hood , with about 40,000 troops , is home to the Army 's 1st Cavalry Division and elements of the 4th Infantry Division , as well as the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment and the 13th Corps Support Command . It is located near Killeen , Texas . The headquarters unit and three brigades of the 1st Cavalry are currently deployed in Iraq . At least 25,000 people are at Fort Hood on any given day , an Army spokesman at the Pentagon said . Fort Hood is home to the Warrior Combat Stress Reset Program , which is designed to help soldiers overcome combat stress issues . In June , Fort Hood 's commander , Lt. Gen. Rick Lynch , told CNN that he was trying to ease the kind of stresses soldiers face . He has pushed for soldiers working a day schedule to return home for dinner by 6 p.m. , and required his personal authorization for anyone working weekends . At the time , two soldiers stationed there had committed suicide in 2009 -- a rate well below those of other posts . Nearby Killeen was the scene of one of the most deadly shootings in American history 18 years ago when George Hennard crashed his truck into a Luby 's Cafeteria and began shooting , killing 23 people and wounding 20 . Hennard 's spree lasted 14 minutes . He eventually took his own life .	Suspect in shootings wounded but alive , Army official says Army : Suspect is Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , a psychiatrist Senator : Hasan was "  upset " about scheduled deployment to Iraq Shooting happened in building that is one of last stops before soldiers deploy
He had been guarding the U.S. Embassy in Ankara , as he 'd done many other days -- with commitment and professionalism . She had gone there to have tea with the ambassador , a respected television journalist set to renew acquaintances with a diplomat and do her job . Then came the blast . Whether or not they 'd crossed paths before , these two people 's stories now forever will be intertwined -- thanks to a man Turkish authorities say belonged to the Marxist Leninist organization known as the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party , or DHKP-C , which the U.S. government and others label a terrorist organization . What is the DHKP-C ? Ecevit Sanli , as he was identified by Istanbul police , died after detonating his bomb near the embassy 's Gate No. 2 around 1:15 p.m.  6:15 a.m. ET  Friday . So , too , did the Turkish guard -- described by U.S. Ambassador Francis Ricciardone as a "  hero , " and identified by Turkey 's semi-official Anadolu News Agency as Mustafa Akarsu . A photo showed the journalist being carried away on a stretcher , apparently bleeding . Rather than sitting with her for tea , Ricciardone visited the woman -- Didem Tuncay -- at Ankara 's Numune Hospital , and afterward described her as "  one of the best . " While theories have been floated , neither Turkish nor U.S. authorities have detailed why they think Sanli blew himself up . Prior to Friday , he was known to U.S. and other intelligence agencies , a U.S. law enforcement source told CNN . Whatever Sanli 's rationale , the explosion spurred security clampdowns at diplomatic facilities in Turkey , plus messages of condolences and solidarity . Turkish Prime Minster Recep Tayyip Erdogan called it an attack "  against the peace and welfare of our country . " Yet the violence reverberated well beyond Turkey 's borders , however , especially in the nation whose embassy was targeted . The spotlight on U.S. diplomatic installations was already intense after violence last September in Egypt , Tunisia and Libya , where Ambassador Christopher Stevens was one of four Americans killed in Benghazi . U.S. Rep. Ed Royce said Friday 's explosion in Turkey served as "  yet another stark reminder of the constant terrorist threat against U.S. facilities , personnel and interests aboard . " "  Coming after Benghazi , it underscores the need for a comprehensive review of security at our diplomatic posts , " said Royce , a California Republican and chairman of House Foreign Affairs Committee . ` He exploded at the guard ' The bomber had first gone to the rear access of the embassy , then went to a checkpoint on the building 's perimeter where IDs are checked , explained U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . According to law enforcement sources working on the investigation , Sanli blew himself up on a walkway for embassy employees and their guests . "  He exploded at the guard , " Nuland explained . The guard , Akarsu , on one side of the security barrier was killed . Two guards on the other side of the glass survived , said the State Department spokeswoman . The blast blew a hole in what appeared to be a building that is part of the compound 's outer gate , images from CNN sister network CNN Turk showed . This was all part of a large complex that includes blast doors , reinforced windows and a series of metal detectors that visitors must navigate before reaching embassy offices . Are you there ? Send us your photos and videos , but please stay safe The attack stirred swift condemnations , as well as fresh security precautions . The U.S. Embassy in Ankara subsequently put out a statement telling Americans not to visit that facility or U.S. consulates in Istanbul or Adana "  until further notice . " Portions of Paris Avenue , where the targeted embassy is located , were shut down , according to Anadolu news . Germany and France , meanwhile , were among the countries who tightened their security in the wake of the blast . The U.S. ambassador said in a statement that he 'd "  paid my respects to the family of the Turkish hero who stood guard for us every day . " Calling him "  well trained  and  committed to his job , " Ricciardone praised the late guard as a "  good , excellent , professional guard " who "  died defending the Turks and the Americans who work at the embassy . " The ambassador also talked about visiting Tuncay , whom he recalled was "  the first person to interview me when I arrived two years ago at NTV . " Having learned she 'd recently left the Turkish network , Ricciardone said he invited her to tea . "  She serves her country by getting the truth to the Turkish people , " the ambassador said . "  She , I think , is one of the best . " Not first brush with terror for Turkey , U.S. Friday 's blast was hardly Turkey 's first brush with terror . At the nexus of Europe and Asia , and with deep roots in the Muslim and Christian spheres , Turkey has long been a boiling pot -- and , occasionally , a target . In recent years , it has been site of many acts of political violence from groups such as leftist anarchists , Kurdish separatists , Islamists and al Qaeda . Hasan Selim Ozertem , a security expert at the International Strategic Research Organization in Ankara , said Friday 's attack could be related to recent arrests of DHKP-C members . Since the beginning of January , 85 members of the group have been taken into custody , he said , adding that Turkish police have been closely focusing on the group over the past five years . The DHKP-C was established in the 1970s . Ozertem said that one plausible theory is the group is trying to send a message to Turkish authorities by attacking the U.S. Embassy because it is near the Turkish parliament building . DHKP-C has a track record as a "  subcontractor " group for other militant outfits , and it is also believed to have relationships with states in the region such as Syria and Iran , Ozertem said . The group has a relationship with the PKK , the Kurdistan Workers Party , which has been at odds with Turkey 's government for some time . Ozertem said the attack could be linked to negotiations between the PKK and Turkish government . Another possibility is that Syria or Iran could be involved , considering the recent deployment of Patriot missiles in Turkey as a defense against possible missiles from Syria . The explosion occurred as about 400 U.S. military personnel are moving Patriot missile defense equipment to a Turkish base as part of an effort to defend the country from possible attack from Syria . The first battery became operational last Saturday in the city of Adana , NATO said , and more equipment arrived Wednesday in the port city of Iskenderun . Erdogan , however , ruled out that Friday 's attack had anything to do with Syria , according to an interview on the private Habertuk channel later reported by Andolu . Of course , this may have to do primarily with the United States itself -- independent of anything involving Turkey or its government . While the U.S. Embassy in Ankara has not seen this kind of incident in decades , in 2008 three police officers died in a shootout with assailants outside the U.S. Consulate in Istanbul . Three attackers died in the incident , which the U.S. ambassador at the time called "  an obvious act of terrorism . " One of the attackers in that incident was believed to have trained with al Qaeda in Pakistan 's Waziristan region . Read more at CNN Turk .	A suicide blast occurs at a checkpoint on the perimeter of the U.S. Embassy in Ankara A wounded journalist was going to have tea with the U.S. ambassador , he says The ambassador has talked with the family of the "  excellent " guard killed in the blast The bomber , part of a leftist terror group , was known to the U.S. , source says
Washington  CNN  -- A government-appointed commission will start reviewing Thursday ways to permanently store the United States ' nuclear waste . The Department of Energy 's Blue Ribbon Commission has been given the task of finding an alternative to the Yucca Mountain site in Nevada , which President Obama has vowed to close . The government has spent nearly $ 10 billion studying the Yucca Mountain location , and the Obama administration estimates that ending the program will save $ 197 million in 2011 . The Obama administration announced in January that the blue-ribbon panel would take a new look at the problem . The panel is headed by former Democratic Rep. Lee Hamilton and former Republican National Security adviser Brent Scowcroft . Read the commission 's charter It is highly likely that the 15-member commission will abandon the option to store nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain . It is expected to take 18 months for the commission to conclude its findings , and that is n't sitting well with several lawmakers from states with temporary nuclear waste storage sites . House members Tuesday introduced a bipartisan resolution to block the closure of Yucca Mountain , according to media reports . Rep. Jay Inslee , D-Washington , said the resolution calls on the Department of Energy to follow the will of Congress . "  Keeping waste scattered across the country , or in the case of Washington State at Hanford , is no longer an option , " Inslee said in a statement . "  We have a solution to this problem and we must move forward . " The Hanford facility is one of more than 100 nuclear sites across the country where about 70,000 tons of radioactive waste are stored . An estimated 2,000 tons are added every year . How federal funds are being used to clean up Hanford After uranium has been used in a reactor , the spent fuel remains radioactive for thousands of years . It is taken out and put into a pool of water , or above ground in canisters made of concrete , steel and lead . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission says the canisters are certified for up to 90 years of use , but that term may be extended . Both supporters and opponents of nuclear power largely agree that storing the material in casks at nuclear plants is no long-term solution . If the blue-ribbon commission decides to abandon Yucca Mountain as a nuclear storage facility , there are concerns in southern Nevada over what will be done with the site . "  For years , there 's never been a fallback , there 's never been a plan B , " says Michael Voegele , who 's been involved with the Yucca Mountain project for decades . Voegele , a consultant with Nevada 's Nye County , says it was "  only recently " that people began to discuss other possible uses for the site . The search for future uses of Yucca only came into question , according to Voegele and others , when the Department of Energy filed a petition to withdraw its Nuclear Regulatory Commission license application for Yucca Mountain earlier this month , effectively killing the project . The Department of Energy filed its petition to withdraw the license application with prejudice , which would prevent it from being refilled . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada has fought hard to end the Yucca Mountain project , which is unpopular with many Nevadans . He has asked the Government Accountability Office to consider alternative uses for the site . Those alternatives include national security activities and renewable energy research . But the closure of the project could have a major economic impact in the region . Gary Hollis , the chairman of the Nye County Board of Commissioners , says closing Yucca Mountain slams the door on 4,000 construction jobs and about 1,500 permanent jobs that would have been created if the site ever got up and running . CNN 's Brian Larch , David Mattingly and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	Government panel reviewing where to store nuclear waste Process could take more than a year Panel expected to reject Yucca Mountain site $ 10 billion has already been spent on Yucca
CNN  -- Things that are about 18 feet long  sure it 's random , just go with it  . There 's the Ford F-150 pickup truck . There 's the 18-foot skiff , a kind of zippy racing boat . Then there 's the disturbing , frightening , shudder-inducing Burmese python that a Florida water-quality maintenance crew ran across this week . Yes , an 18-foot snake . Well , 17.82 feet to be exact . And 150 pounds . Workers with the South Florida Water Management District often run across the invasive snakes as part of their daily routine inspecting and maintaining canals , pump stations and the like , said agency spokesman Randy Smith . But this one was something even for the grizzled crew of snake runner-acrossers . "  Needless to say , when you get one this big , it raises eyebrows , " Smith said . "  It 's just such a large animal . They have no predators . They 'll eat anything , even alligators . They are ferocious creatures . " Python kills security guard The work crew came across the snake Tuesday in wooded uplands near wetlands a few miles north of Everglades National Park , Smith said . They called in the agency 's python coordinator , who killed the snake with a shot to the head , Smith said . Despite the snake 's size , it 's not the biggest recorded in Florida . That distinction goes to an 18-foot , 8-inch specimen killed by a Florida man who spotted it sticking out of bush in Miami-Dade County in May 2013 , according to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . Before that , the largest python captured in Florida measured 17 feet , 7 inches . 40 pythons seized from Ontario motel room Pythons are n't poisonous -- they squeeze their prey and humans are n't a frequent target . But they are killing rabbits , raccoons , opossums , bobcats and other native species and wreaking havoc with the south Florida ecosystems where they 've taken hold , according to research published in 2012 . Pythons are such a problem that the Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission held a contest last year to see who could capture and kill as many as possible . Hunters turned in 68 of the snakes , the longest measuring more than 14 feet long . Willing to capture a crocodile in Florida ? Apply now	Florida work crew finds 18-foot Burmese python Snake was about 8 inches shorter than longest ever captured A state worker killed the snake , one of thousands plaguing South Florida The snakes feed on native species and destroy ecosystems , researchers say
CNN  -- "  Everyone agrees we need to go forward with the relief well , " National Incident Commander Thad Allen said Friday of the now-plugged BP gusher in the Gulf , adding that officials are now considering other options in addition to the relief well . Work will resume on a relief well as scientists and BP engineers continue to assess whether a planned "  bottom kill " is necessary , he said . The BP oil well , which ruptured April 20 after an explosion on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig , spilled more than 2 million gallons of oil per day into the Gulf of Mexico before being successfully shut . Allen said that pressure tests were finished and that pressure within the wellhead was unchanged . That means there are options about how to handle the well , which has stopped pouring oil into the Gulf , he said . "  We have successfully shut in this well . We have something now that we have n't had before and we have we have -- I would n't call it a luxury -- but we have the trade space to consider alternatives under less than a high-pressure situation . " Allen said crews probably did "  too good a job on the top kill . " Cement and mud got into a core area of the well . But Allen said it 's not clear how thick the cement layer is , or how vulnerable it might be to pressure inside the well . "  Everyone agrees we need to go forward with the relief well , " Allen said . "  The relief well will be finished . How it gets finished will be determined on risk mitigation and the way forward is the essence of what is being discussed right now . The relief well will be finished . We will kill the well . " As they await answers about the condition of the well , businesses in the Gulf Coast are hoping high-profile visitors will help boost local economies . President Obama and his wife , Michelle , plan to travel to the region this weekend to support businesses that have been devastated by the oil disaster . One of their daughters , Sasha , will join them for the trip . Their other daughter , Malia , is at a camp and will not make the trip , a senior administration official said . The family will leave Saturday morning for Panama City Beach , Florida . "  Even as the president talks about what our next steps are in our response , obviously part of this will be highlighting the tremendous economic toll that has taken place , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters earlier this week . Visitors spent more than $ 34 billion in 2008 in congressional districts along the Gulf Coast , sustaining 400,000 jobs . The effects of the oil spill on the region 's travel industry could last up to three years and cost up to $ 22.7 billion , according to an analysis conducted last month by Oxford Economics for the U.S. Travel Association . In preparing the research , Oxford Economics looked at current spending , government models predicting oil flow and the effect of 25 past crises on tourism to develop a model to gauge the Gulf disaster 's impact . Case studies of past disasters -- including the SARS respiratory disease outbreak , Hurricane Katrina and the 2004 Asian tsunami -- show that tourism often is affected beyond the disaster area and long after the resolution of the crisis . To mitigate the effects of the disaster , changing perceptions is key . "  The president will meet with those folks and have a chance to update , I think , the region on where we are , " Gibbs said . "  And I think it will be important for the president to talk about what are the next steps in bringing the region back . " Meanwhile , work is expected to resume Friday on the drilling of a relief well that is intended to give engineers a better look at the core of the well . Pressure tests will help them make a recommendation to former Adm. Thad Allen , the federal government point man on the disaster , on whether a bottom kill is necessary to permanently seal the ruptured deepwater oil well . The well erupted after an April 20 explosion aboard the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon that left 11 dead . A temporary cap contained the spill on July 15 , and nearly 3,000 barrels of heavy drilling mud and cement drove the oil back under the ocean floor last week in the static kill process . The well gushed an estimated 53,000 barrels  nearly 2.3 million gallons  of oil per day before it was capped . Since then , fresh , green grass has started growing again in some of the hardest-hit marshes of southern Louisiana , but oil continues to wash ashore in some places . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Work on relief well will resume NEW : Unchanged pressure in wellhead gives crews more options on killing well The first family will travel to Panama City Beach , Florida , Saturday Financial effects of the spill could hurt area businesses for up to three years
CNN  -- Is there an unspoken rule in Hollywood that celebrity parents can only pick unusual names for their kids ? On Instagram on Sunday , Kourtney Kardashian revealed that she and partner Scott Disick went with Reign Aston as the name of their third child , a boy they welcomed on December 14 . Over the weekend , Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard welcomed their second child , a daughter they named Delta Bell . And that 's after the arrival earlier this year of Royal Reign , the daughter of rapper Lil ' Kim , and Apollo Bowie Flynn , the son of Gwen Stefani and Gavin Rossdale . All of those names are obviously precious to the parents who picked them , but they 're not exactly the equivalent of monikers such as Sophia or Jackson , which according to BabyCenter.com , were the top two baby names in 2014 . Not every celebrity picks the most unusual name they can think of -- John Krasinski and Emily Blunt , for example , welcomed daughter Hazel this year -- but most of the time it seems the famous are competing in some sort of special baby-name Olympics . Here are some of the more distinct baby names we 've heard of this year -- who do you think had the most unique ? .	Kourtney Kardashian named son Reign Aston See more of this year 's unique baby names
London  CNN  -- In recent months , much ink has been spilt exploring why some young British Muslims abandon a comfortable life in the UK to join one of the most brutal and blood-thirsty terrorist groups in recent history , namely the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . Sadly , much of this commentary has struggled to move beyond clichés that revolve around hate preachers and extremist websites . In order to arrive at a more nuanced understanding of why a group like ISIS is able to attract hundreds of young British Muslims , we must examine a wide range of factors that contribute towards creating a ISIS narrative that has resonance and appeal . This involves facing up to some uncomfortable truths about contemporary Muslim political discourse and coming to terms with the negative impact of the recent lurch towards vacuous literalism within British Muslim communities . There is a fundamental cognitive dissonance in the minds of many young Muslims in Britain today . On one hand a conservative religious upbringing informs individuals that they alone have the true holy book , the true God and , of course , the true religion . This gives rise to lofty expectations for Muslim societies globally . However , the reality of contemporary Muslim societies , mired in poverty , illiteracy , violence and corruption as they are , stands in stark contrast to such grand expectations . This perturbing juxtaposition requires an explanation that neither denies the perceived reality nor challenges Muslim exclusivist tendencies . Such an explanation or narrative needs to take into account the sense of victimhood and humiliation some Muslims feel and seek to externalize . It also needs to offer a program for restoring much-needed collective pride . In essence , groups like ISIS are filling this gaping void , a void other post-colonial nationalist movements have failed to fill . In the eyes of the jihadists , Muslim societies around the world are struggling today because they have been systemically undermined by western neo-colonialism and strayed from the true Islam . The solution , therefore , is to expel any semblance of western influence , along with their local stooges and puppets , and introduce a strict and harsh interpretation of Islam . The attraction for some is then obvious since by this narrative a struggle to understand complex geo-politics is replaced with a simplistic "  one size fits all " framework . It does not require one to expend energy in difficult and searching introspection since all blame can be shifted to the perceived enemy and sinister anti-Muslim conspiracy theories . It replaces the quest for a firm sense of identity in an increasingly globalized and , at times , disorientating world with a militant and aggressive Muslim identity that seeks conflict rather than co-existence in order to distinguish itself , be relevant and create tribal cohesion . Some Muslims who do n't subscribe to the tactics and ideological world-view of groups like ISIS still buy into the broad narrative such jihadist and Islamist groups purvey . The adoption of this broader narrative has become the default anti-establishment politics of today . It is a means of expressing solidarity and asserting a bold new identity while being a vehicle for seeking the restoration of pride and self-dignity . Of course , for most British Muslims the ISIS narrative has no resonance whatsoever and alternative narratives to ease the cognitive dissonance are sought . However , the steady increase in ultra-conservative Islamic mores in recent years , backed by petro-dollars from Gulf Arab States , has meant the number of young Muslims that do sympathize with the ISIS narrative is alarmingly high . After all , the ISIS reading of scripture deviates very little from the Wahabism aggressively promoted by certain Gulf States . The hundreds of British nationals did not abandon their families in the UK to join ISIS in a vacuum . The proliferation of literalist and austere strands of Islam combined with the inability of mainstream Muslim commentators to articulate a political narrative that does not reinforce the victimhood status and perceptions of grand anti-Muslim conspiracies have paved the way for ISIS propagandists . In the meantime , the over-reliance of Western states on law and war as a means of combating what is ultimately an ideological threat has meant extremist recruiters have yet to encounter a direct ideological challenge . As things stand , British and other Western-born Muslims will continue being recruited to groups like ISIS as long as we fail to diagnose the problem correctly . A correct diagnosis needs to be followed by a direct and robust ideological challenge that is accompanied by alternative models and narratives for explaining the decrepit state of Muslim societies . Of course , positive political models that young Muslims can aspire to also need to be articulated in a fashion that does not alienate or patronize . In the absence of this , dark forces that rely on unprecedented levels of brutality will continue to rise and fill a void we failed to identify .	We must examine why ISIS narrative has resonance and appeal , writes Ghaffar Hussain Hussain : Groups like ISIS restore collective pride to Muslims feeling victimized , humiliated Blame can be shifted to perceived enemy and sinister anti-Muslim conspiracy theories , he adds Mainstream Muslim commentators must promote positive role models , Hussain says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The pilot of a small Cessna 172 aircraft reported stolen from a Canadian flight school has been captured , authorities said . The pilot was flying a plane similar to this one -- a Cessna 172 -- before he landed in Missouri . The pilot reportedly stole a small Cessna 172 aircraft from a Canadian flight school , flew hundreds of miles across the Midwest , landed on a dirt road in Missouri late Monday and took off on foot , federal officials said . Federal , state and local authorities launched a manhunt for the pilot , who was identified by the FBI as Adam Leon , 31 , a native of Turkey who became a Canadian citizen last year , according to FBI spokesman Richard Kolko . He was formerly known as Yavuz Berke , though officials did not indicate a reason for the name change . He was taken into custody at an Ellsinore grocery story after a brief manhunt , according to Missouri state police and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . A federal law enforcement source said the pilot parked the plane under what appeared to be a bridge or culvert , apparently in an attempt to hide it . The plane had been intercepted and tracked by U.S. military aircraft as it flew from Canada into U.S. airspace and meandered southward for several hours before landing , a Department of Homeland Security spokesman said . It landed in the town of Ellsinore , population 360 , in southern Missouri , a dispatcher with the Carter County Sheriff 's Office said . A spokesman for the North American Aerospace Defense Command  NORAD  said the pilot flew "  erratically " over the course of the afternoon , at time reaching 14,000 feet in altitude , then dropping as low as 3,000 feet . The Cessna departed the school in Ontario at about 3 p.m. ET and flew over Lake Superior less than half an hour later , according to NORAD officials . F-16 fighter jets intercepted the pilot near Michigan 's upper peninsula border with Wisconsin at 4:43 p.m. , and tracked the Cessna until its safe landing . The NORAD spokesman , Mike Kucharek , said military pilots who intercepted the Cessna had tried repeatedly to get the pilot 's attention and at one point , the pilot appeared to acknowledge that he saw the other aircraft . "  He looked at them , " Kucharek said . But the pilot had not communicated with NORAD or the Federal Aviation Administration , Kucharek added later in the evening . At 9:20 p.m. , the pilot was believed to have had roughly 30 minutes of fuel left , Kucharek said . "  We do n't want to suppose the motive of the individual , " Kucharek told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " after the landing . "  But it certainly made a day for the professional pilots that were flying these missions and a very serious situation from a NORAD perspective . " Officials allowed the pilot "  to play his hand " because they " -LSB- did n't -RSB- want to provoke the situation , " Kucharek said . A federal law enforcement official told CNN the pilot is a naturalized Canadian citizen , but declined to give his name or country of origin . The source said the pilot was a flight school student for a "  brief " period and only clocked a few hours of flight time . Canadian officials have received some information that the pilot is "  not a happy individual , " the official said . The Cessna departed at about 3 p.m. ET and flew over Lake Superior less than half an hour later , according to NORAD officials . F-16 fighter jets intercepted the pilot near Michigan 's upper peninsula border with Wisconsin at 4:43 p.m. , and have tracked the Cessna since . Earlier in the evening , the Wisconsin National Guard deployed two F-16s of its own in an attempt to get the pilot to establish communications with FAA air traffic controllers . The state capitol in Madison , Wisconsin , was evacuated for less than an hour as a precaution . FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown said the plane was reportedly stolen from a flight school in Thunder Bay , Canada , and the pilot had been identified as a student at the flight school . Both Lt. Cmdr. Gary Ross of NORAD and Brown of the FAA said the 14,000-feet altitude is above the level at which the FAA requires use of oxygen . Brown said it was not clear whether the Cessna had supplemental oxygen on board . Ross says the plane is a long-range version of a Cessna 172 . It was fully fueled , giving it about seven hours of flying time . Ross said if NORAD officials believe the aircraft poses a threat , "  we take seriously any intent to harm any of our citizens or critical infrastructure . " He added that "  all options are on the table although we continue to move towards a resolution that does n't call for -LSB- lethal force -RSB- . " CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Adam Levine and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI identifies pilot as Adam Leon of Turkey , who is now a Canadian citizen NEW : Pilot , formerly known as Yavuz Berke , captured after landing plane , fleeing Cessna aircraft was reported stolen from Canadian flight school F-16 fighter jets intercepted plane , but pilot did n't respond
CNN  -- Here 's an unusual site . A developer in the South African city of Johannesburg has transformed an old grain silo into trendy residences , re-purposing the entire ten-story building and topping it with disused shipping containers to provide extra living space . The result may look like a giant Jenga puzzle , but the Mill Junction project aims to provide affordable accommodation to just under 400 students . See also : Paris metro stations given exciting second life South African universities have high dropout rates , according to figures from the country 's Council on Higher Education , with many students forced to quit their studies before graduating . According to Citiq , the company behind the project , Mill Junction will help students from poorer backgrounds by offering them budget living space close to school campuses . The building has been fitted with communal kitchens , study areas , free WiFi and a rooftop social area . "  Our intention with these projects is to provide people with decent accommodation at affordable prices that is well located centrally in the city , " Citiq CEO , Paul Lapham , told CNN . "  I am really excited about how these kind of projects can help address the dire shortage of good student accommodation in South Africa , " he added . As well as providing an important social function , Lapham believes the project has helped maintain the architectural heritage of Johannesburg . The distinctive grain silos had lain dormant since the late 1980s but provide a striking visual reminder of the old industries once housed in the city . Adding shipping containers , meanwhile , has put an extra five levels on the original structure  including the rooftop space  and makes creative second use of materials that would otherwise lie idle . See also : Could micro-homes offer big housing solution "  Repurposing old spaces plays a key role in revitalizing a city in terms of the people living and working there , as well as retaining the history , character and eclectic feel of these old neighborhoods , " Lapham said . "  The alternative of leaving these sites abandoned , or even demolishing them , has the potential to destroy this . " Take a tour of the Mill Junction building by clicking through the gallery atop the page . Are there any similarly creative architectural projects near you ? Let us know in the comments section below .	A developer in Johannesburg has transformed an old mill into a spectacular new student residence Mill junction is a ten-storey building with shipping containers added to the roof for extra living space The project aims to provide affordable apartments while maintaining the city 's architectural history
CNN  -- Formula One driver Robert Kubica has undergone a seven-hour operation in an Italian hospital after crashing while competing in a rally . The 26-year-old Pole lost control of his Skoda Fabia car at the beginning of the Ronde de Andorra rally near the town of Testico , causing the vehicle to leave the road at high speed . Kubica , who drives for the Lotus Renault team , was airlifted to the Santa Corona hospital in nearby Pietra Ligure where he underwent emergency surgery . "  Surgeons are trying to restore the functionality of his right hand , " Kubica 's manager Daniel Morelli told reporters outside the hospital . "  They have restarted the circulation of blood and repaired the bone structure . Now they have to think about the muscle functionality but Robert has a very strong character , he 'll be OK . " Kubica 's co-driver , Jakub Gerber , was unhurt in the incident , which occurred as he lost control of his car on a bend . The impact saw the guard rail break the drivers ' side door and cause the injuries to Kubica . Italian media reported Sunday night that surgeon Igor Rossello was pleased with the outcome of the emergency surgery on the F1 star . But he will spend the night in an induced coma and it will be some days before it is known if he will gain the full use of his hand . Kubica , who has one grand prix victory to his name and finished eighth in last season 's Formula One driver 's standings , is no stranger to serious accidents during his motorsport career . He had to undergo surgery to his left arm after an accident while driving in the Formula Three discipline in 2003 and also suffered a spectacular crash in the 2007 Canadian Grand Prix . The first race of the 2011 Formula One season takes place in Bahrain on March 13 and it appears likely that reserve driver Bruno Senna will be called in to take Kubica 's place .	NEW : F1 star Robert Kubica has seven-hour operation for serious hand and leg injuries Kubica suffers injuries in a crash while competing in a rally in Italy The 26-year-old Pole lost control of his car on a bend and was airlifted to hospital Kubica drives for Renault Lotus team and has won one grand prix in his career
CNN  -- Victorious on the ground Sunday afternoon , the New York Jets got a special welcome home in the air Sunday night when the pilot of their large charter plane and air traffic controllers lined them up for a view of the Empire State Building , which was lit up for the occasion in the team colors -- green and white . As the plane approached Newark International Airport at around midnight Sunday , the crew of Continental Flight 1915 asked air traffic controllers if the building was still lit up . After confirming it was , a controller put the plane on a course down New York 's Hudson River , telling the pilot they could see the west side of the skyscraper . "  We got 200 people looking at it , " the crew of the Boeing 767 responded . "  Really pretty night for it , too . " "  I planned that , " the air traffic controller deadpanned . A string of air traffic controllers -- neutral on most occasions , partisan on this one -- chimed in as the plane landed and taxied , proclaiming , "  Go Jets ! " The radio traffic was recorded and placed on LiveATC.net , a website for aviation hobbyists and devotees . The Jets beat the favored New England Patriots 28-21 Sunday in a National Football League playoff game , a result that evidently lightened the mood on board the Continental Boeing 767 . "  You 've got a happy bunch on board , huh ? " a controller says in the first transmission on the tape . "  Very happy , " the pilot or first officer says . "  We have a question for you : Is the Empire State Building still lit up right now ? ... I 've got an unusual request . If it 's green and white , the guys actually want us to get as close as we can to see it . " After the pilot was given a heading that put the building within view , he said to the controller , "  You guys are awesome . " Asked later by another controller if they enjoyed the trip down the river , the flight crew responded : "  We did , and the team did too . It was great . I know the coach liked it . " A Federal Aviation Administration spokesman , Paul Takemoto , said Tuesday the plane followed a normal course down the river , and the controllers did not divert from that course it to fulfill the players ' wish .	The Empire State Building was lit up in green and white The Jets ' jet 's flight path took it past the illuminated building The Jets beat the New England Patriots 28-21
CNN  -- "  I was owned by Johnson Bell and born in New Orleans , in Louisiana . " Those words were spoken by a man named Frank Bell . He said that according "  to the bill of sale , I 'm 86 years old . " His words , and those of thousands of other American citizens , were transcribed in the 1930s , at the depth of the Great Depression . As part of President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's efforts to restart the economy , the Works Progress Administration was founded , and one arm of the WPA was something called the Federal Writers ' Project . Men and women were hired by the government to work on various assignments documenting American history and American life . One of those assignments , vast in scope , came to be known as the Slave Narratives . "  If a woman was a good breeder she brought a good price on the auction block , " said Hattie Rogers , a North Carolina resident , when she was interviewed in 1937 . "  The slave buyers would come around and jab them in the stomach and look them over and if they thought they would have children fast they brought a good price . " We are in the midst of Black History Month . The slave years in the United States were not only black history , they were American history -- the ugliest and most indefensible chapter . I had long heard of the Slave Narratives , but had never read them . The original interviews comprised 17 bound volumes in the Library of Congress , filled with the firsthand accounts of more than 2,000 former slaves , and hundreds of photographs . The interviewers were sent to 17 states , and that is how the printed conversations are bound and arranged . I have been reading two volumes -- covering interviews done in North Carolina and in Texas . What is so shattering is the matter-of-fact tone of what the former slaves said . The United States was well into the 20th century by the time the interviews were conducted ; automobiles had come to the nation , as had radio and motion pictures and air travel . The country , in many ways , was beginning to resemble the nation we live in now . Yet residing in America 's cities and towns were men and women who recalled being sold at auction , of seeing brothers and sisters led away in chains , of having -- in their words -- "  good owners " or "  cruel masters . " Survivors of a time when , in many states , it was perfectly lawful for human beings to own other human beings , and to buy and sell them . Mary Armstrong , 91 and living in Houston when she was interviewed , said the person who owned her family was "  so mean he never would sell the man and woman and  children  to the same one . He 'd sell the man here and the woman there and if  there were children  he 'd sell them someplace else . " Charity Riddick , 80 , interviewed in North Carolina , had a similar memory . "  I belonged to Madison Pace in slavery time , " she said . She had a brother whose first name was Washington , she said , but he was "  sold away . " Their mother "  cried a lot about it . " The former slaves who were still alive in the 1930s were , of course , the youngest of those who were enslaved before emancipation . Many of them were relating childhood or adolescent memories , while others were passing on what their parents related to them . There were many , however , who were old enough to have vivid firsthand recollections of specific instances . Stearlin Arnwine , who was 94 and living near Jacksonville , Texas , when he was interviewed , said he would see slaves on the auction block , stripped to the waist for inspection by potential buyers . Women and their children , he said , would be crying and begging "  not to be separated , " but it did no good : "  They had to go . " As anguishing as are the stories recounted by the former slaves , troubling in a different way was the methodology many of the interviewers chose in committing the stories to written form . Most of the writers were white ; in the 1930s , apparently it was still considered acceptable to use crudely rendered dialect in recreating on paper the speech patterns of African-Americans . That is how some of the writers transcribed the interviews , and in many cases it comes off as something close to mockery , whether or not it was intended that way . The power of the stories overrides everything else . The quiet starkness of the telling : "  My father was a slave , A.H. Stewart , belonging to James Arch Stewart , a slave owner , whose plantation was in Wake County , " said Sam T. Stewart , 84 , interviewed in North Carolina in June 1937 . "  When I was two years old James Arch Stewart sold my father to speculators , and he was shipped to Mississippi . I was too young to know my father . " You can read from the volumes for hours at a time , and when you are finished for the evening you can look around you and try to comprehend that all of this was taking place in the same nation where we live today . Alex Woods , of Raleigh , North Carolina , born on May 15 , 1858 , said that as a boy he saw slaves being marched on their way to the auction block , each person chained to the one next to him , and , as he witnessed this , being "  afraid my mother and father would be sold away from me . " Story after story after story . Henry H. Buttler , 87 , living in Fort Worth in the 1930s but born a slave in Virginia : "  The plantation consisted of about 30 acres , with about 30 slaves , though this number varied and sometimes reached 50 . Mr. Sullivan owned my mother and her children , but my father was owned by Mr. John Rector , whose place was adjacent to ours . " And , when Abraham Lincoln proclaimed that this must no longer be permitted to go on , millions of Americans said that he was dead wrong . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	During Great Depression , writers project interviewed former slaves Bob Greene says the stories in the "  Slave Narratives " are shocking to read They tell of families torn apart , of people deprived of their basic freedoms
