It 's no surprise that some folks fudge their ages to get on Facebook . Anna Stoehr did . But she 's no preteen trying to sign up before the network 's minimum age of 13 . She cleared that mark more than a century ago . Now 113 and reportedly Minnesota 's oldest resident , Stoehr is a lifelong fan of learning new things . With the help of a friend , she went to sign up for Facebook this month . According to CNN affiliate KARE-TV in Minneapolis-St . Paul , when she found the earliest birth year Facebook 's sign-up page provides is 1905 , she claimed to be a spry 99 years old . "  You betcha , " she told the station . Stoehr , who lives in a retirement community and was born before her family had a telephone , car or electricity , has gotten more plugged in since striking up a friendship with a Verizon salesman . Joseph Ramireza was selling an iPhone to Stoehr 's 85-year-old son , who started talking about his mother . Ramireza said he had to meet her . "  She 's become something of a kindred spirit , " Ramireza told KARE . He 's helped her use FaceTime to video chat with friends on an iPad and has been teaching her to use email and Google search . When Facebook did n't have her birth year as an option , Ramireza helped Stoehr write a letter to CEO Mark Zuckerberg -- on a typewriter . "  I 'm still here , " she said in the letter . While Facebook might not provide turn-of-the-20th century age options , the network has publicly celebrated its oldest users in the past . In 2012 , then-101-year-old Florence Detlor got a tour of Facebook 's headquarters and a meeting with Zuckerberg and Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg . She was believed to be the oldest Facebook user at the time , though an older user was later identified . According to her Facebook page , Stoehr now has 31 friends on the site and has activated Facebook Mobile . She turns 114 on Wednesday and celebrated with a party at her retirement community on Sunday . Facebook did not respond immediately to a message seeking comment on Tuesday .	Anna Stoehr joined Facebook days before her 114th birthday She got help from man who sold an iPhone to her 85-year-old son Stoehr had to say she was 99 to get on the popular social media site
CNN  -- Wesley Sneijder 's future at Inter Milan is in doubt after the Italian club confirmed on Saturday that the Dutch playmaker will not be considered for selection until he agrees to take a pay cut . The 28-year-old is one of football 's highest-paid players , but he has struggled to regain the heights of 2010 when he helped the Netherlands reach the World Cup final after a treble-winning season with Inter . He has not played for the cash-strapped Serie A side since September 26 , at least partially due to injuries , but now Inter technical director Marco Branca says he will stay on the sidelines until he accepts a "  contract adjustment . " "  The situation with Wes , who is part of the history of this club and a player we all care about , is that we 've been discussing a possible -- and for us necessary -- adjustment to his contract for a while , " Branca said in quotes reported by Inter 's website . "  We want to give the player and his entourage all the time they need to consider the terms of our proposal carefully , so the coach and the club have decided not to use the player in this period until things are clearer . This also allows our coach to give more playing time to the other players . " In the same interview , Branca revealed that Inter coach Andrea Stramaccioni will not have any funds to bolster his second-placed team 's title charge during the January transfer window . "  As things stand , the current economic situation -- both generally speaking and in our specific case -- does n't allow us to budget for any sort of outlay , " Branca said . When asked if Inter could afford to sign highly-rated Brazil midfielder Paulinho , Branca replied : "  If there 's a ` costs ' we ca n't do it at the moment . " The announcement is likely to spark a January bidding war for former Real Madrid star Sneijder , who has been linked with a move to the English Premier League for the past two years . Inter 's financial problems mirror those of city rivals AC Milan , who have sold several top names since winning the Italian title in 2011 . Branca said Inter would not be rushing Sneijder , who moved to the San Siro in 2009 and has more than two and a half years left on his contract . "  It 's a very serious matter . We 're patient precisely because we have a certain sort of relationship with Wes , and I 'm sure it 's the same for him . We 're patient and calm as we wait for the situation to evolve . " Stramaccioni 's team travel to Parma on Monday , facing the possibility that champions Juventus ' four-point lead will be even greater following Sunday 's trip to struggling Milan . In Saturday 's only Serie A game , seventh-placed Catania lost 3-1 at Palermo . Slovenia midfielder Josep Ilicic scored twice in the second half to lift the Sicilian team up to 14th place .	Dutch midfielder Wes Sneijder in contract dispute with Inter Milan Cash-strapped Italian club asking the 28-year-old to take a pay cut He has not played since September 26 and will not be considered for selection Sneijder has been one of Inter 's key players since moving to the San Siro in 2009
CNN  -- When Vanessa Hudgens ' naked photos hit the Internet , the "  High School Musical " star quickly apologized . But sending nude or seminude pictures , a phenomenon known as sexting , is a fast-growing trend among teens . Phillip Alpert is a registered sex offender as a result of sending a nude photograph of his 16-year-old girlfriend . The National Campaign to Prevent Teen & Unplanned Pregnancy , a private nonprofit group whose mission is to protect children , and CosmoGirl.com , surveyed nearly 1,300 teens about sex and technology . The result : 1 in 5 teens say they 've sexted even though the majority know it could be a crime . Phillip Alpert found out the hard way . He had just turned 18 when he sent a naked photo of his 16-year-old girlfriend , a photo she had taken and sent him , to dozens of her friends and family after an argument . The high school sweethearts had been dating for almost 2 1/2 years . "  It was a stupid thing I did because I was upset and tired and it was the middle of the night and I was an immature kid , " says Alpert . Orlando , Florida , police did n't see it that way . Alpert was arrested and charged with sending child pornography , a felony to which he pleaded no contest but was later convicted . He was sentenced to five years probation and required by Florida law to register as a sex offender . "  You will find me on the registered sex offender list next to people who have raped children , molested kids , things like that , because I sent child pornography , " says Alpert in disbelief , explaining , "  You think child pornography , you think 6-year-old , 3-year-old little kids who ca n't think for themselves , who are taken advantage of . That really was n't the case . " Alpert 's attorney Larry Walters agrees and he 's fighting to get Alpert removed from Florida 's sex offender registry . The law lags behind the technology , he says . "  Sexting is treated as child pornography in almost every state and it catches teens completely offguard because this is a fairly natural and normal thing for them to do . It is surprising to us as parents , but for teens it 's part of their culture . " In many states , like Florida , if a person is convicted of a crime against children , it automatically triggers registration to the sex offender registry . Thirty-eight states include juvenile sex offenders in their sex offender registries . Alaska , Florida and Maine will register juveniles only if they are tried as adults . Indiana registers juveniles age 14 and older . South Dakota registers juveniles age 15 and older . Most states allow public access to sex offender registries via the Internet and anyone with a computer can locate registered sex offenders in their neighborhoods . Watch a report on the ` sexting ' trend and how police are now getting involved " A number of states have elected not to provide Internet access to registries ; Florida is not one of them . There is no hiding for Alpert , whose neighbors , he says , all know . "  I am a sex offender . If you type my name into the search engine online , you will find me . " As sexting incidents pop up around the country , prosecutors are trying to come to terms with how these cases should be handled . George Skumanick Jr. , a district attorney from Wyoming County , Pennsylvania , took a novel approach when 20 students from Tunkhannock High School were caught allegedly sexting . He gave them a choice : probation and re-education classes or be charged with sexual abuse of a minor . "  An adult would go to prison for this , " says Skumanick , adding , "  If you take the photo , you 've committed a crime . If you send the photo , you 've committed a different crime , but essentially the same crime . " Critics , however , say child pornography laws on the possession or dissemination of graphic images were never meant to apply to teen sexting and that these teenagers usually have no criminal intent when they send pictures to each other . amFIX : Should teens be prosecuted for "  sexting " ? Fifteen-year-old Marissa Miller of northeastern Pennsylvania was 12 when she and a friend snapped themselves wearing training bras . "  I was n't trying to be sexual , " she says , "  I was having fun with my friends at a sleepover , taking pictures , dancing to music . " The picture recently surfaced on a student 's cell phone and Marissa 's mom , MaryJo Miller , was contacted by Skumanick . "  He told me that he had a full nude photo of my daughter , " says MaryJo Miller , who calls the picture innocent . Rather than force her daughter to take the classes , which would have required she write a report explaining why what she did was wrong , Miller and two other families - -- with the help of the ACLU -- are suing the district attorney to stop him from filing charges . "  We believe she was the victim and that she did nothing wrong , " says Miller . "  How can I ask her to compromise her values and write this essay , when she did n't do anything ? " Although the district attorney maintains the program is voluntary , the letter he sent to parents notes , "  Charges will be filed against those who do not participate . " Seventeen of the 20 students caught in the sexting incidents have completed the 14 hours of classes . Skumanick wo n't comment on the Miller case , but says , "  You ca n't call committing a crime fun or a prank . If you do that , you can rob a bank because you think it 's fun . " In the majority of sexting cases , it 's usually girls sending pictures to boys , who then send them to their friends . Though teens may think it 's funny and a way to flirt or even seek revenge after a breakup , there can be dangerous consequences . Last year , Jessica Logan , a Cincinnati , Ohio , teen , hanged herself after her nude photo , meant for her boyfriend , was sent to teenagers at several high schools . For months after , her father says , she was the subject of ridicule and taunts . "  Everyone knew about that photo , " Bert Logan says . "  She could not live it down . " On July 3 , his wife found her . "  She had been getting dressed to go out . The curling iron was still warm . It was so unexpected , " Logan says . "  I heard my wife scream , I ran up to Jessie 's room , but it was too late . " No charges had been filed against Jessica 's 19-year-old boyfriend , who disseminated the photo , nor had the school taken any action , Logan says . He says he and his wife want to warn parents and students of the dangers of sexting . The Logans are fighting to raise awareness nationally and to advocate for laws that address sexting and cyber-bullying . As for Alpert , life is not easy as a registered sex offender , a label he will carry until the age of 43 . He 's been kicked out of college , he can not travel out of the county without making prior arrangements with his probation officer , he has lost many friends and is having trouble finding a job because of his status as a convicted felon . He says he feels terrible about sending the photo of his ex-girlfriend , especially since they were once so close . At the same time , Alpert says , "  I 'm being punished for the rest of my life for something that took two minutes or less to do . " Says attorney Walters , "  Some judges have the good sense and reasonableness to treat this as a social problem and others are more zealous in their efforts to put everybody away and I think it 's time as a society that we step back a little bit and avoid this temptation to lock up our children . "	Phillip Alpert , now a registered sex offender , sent pictures of his 16-year-old girlfriend Marissa Miller was 12 when she took cell phone photos of herself in a bra Her mother , MaryJo , is suing the DA to prevent him from filing charges Jessica Logan committed suicide after her nude photo was sent to several teens
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- At least 48 people were killed and scores were wounded Tuesday when a suicide bomber detonated his explosives-laden vest in central Baghdad as men were queuing up outside an Iraqi army recruitment center , the Interior Ministry said . At least 129 people were wounded in the blast , which took place in the morning in the Bab al-Moudham commercial area . The spokesman for the Iraqi military command in the capital , Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , said Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki ordered a number of officers who were near the attacker to be detained for questioning . Atta told Al-Iraqiya state television that Tuesday had been the final day of a weeklong recruitment drive and that a large number of recruits had been waiting to sign up when the attack occurred . Atta said the bomber 's vest was stuffed with 30 kilograms  66 pounds  of the plastic explosive C4 , TNT and ball bearings . The attack came amid the country 's failure to form a government and the United States ' troop drawdown ahead of President Barack Obama 's August 31 deadline for ending all combat operations . The U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq , or UNAMI , condemned the act and expressed concern over continued acts of violence in the country , "  including those perpetrated during the holy Muslim month of Ramadan that symbolizes the values of peace , tolerance , generosity and solidarity . " "  UNAMI reiterates that agreement on the formation of the government will greatly contribute to strengthening Iraq 's ability to protect its citizens and respond effectively to those who aim at perpetuating instability and insecurity in the country and reversing its path towards peace and prosperity . " The Iraqi government has been pushing to increase security ahead of the drawdown , which would leave a residual U.S. force of 50,000 troops focused on stability operations as well as advising and assisting Iraqi security forces . Recruitment centers for Iraqi security forces have frequently been targeted by suicide bombers . A recent campaign of bombings and shootings has targeted Iraqi forces , especially in the capital , where gunmen have attacked traffic police and attacked checkpoints , killing Iraqi troops . Many Iraqis have blamed the recent wave of violence on the current political paralysis , in which quarreling parties have failed to form a government nearly six months after parliamentary elections . The attack has increased concerns among Iraqis about the ability of security forces to protect them when they can not protect a government office . An Interior Ministry official said two roadside bombs detonated last week outside the same center , wounding three people . Extremist groups , such as al Qaeda in Iraq , are known to take advantage of political fissures to carry out more attacks to create further turmoil . A spate of other incidents occurred Tuesday , said an Interior Ministry official , who cited : -- A generator caught fire in eastern Baghdad that killed two people and injured 25 others . -- A string of drive-by shootings and bombings in Baghdad and Diyala province that killed three people and wounded five . -- A roadside bomb in the capital that seriously wounded the judge who heads Baghdad 's appeals . -- A car bomb that detonated in the town of Balad Ruz northeast of the capital , killing two other judges . -- A drive-by shooting in western Baghdad 's Ameriya neighborhood that killed a senior Trade Ministry official . -- A drive-by shooting in eastern Baghdad that wounded three occupants of a car . -- A hand grenade thrown at a police patrol in western Baghdad that wounded a policeman and a civilian . The website iraqbodycount.org estimated that nearly 2,000 Iraqi civilians had been killed this year through June . "  We continue to bleed as a nation , " Iraq 's ambassador to the United States , Samir Sumaidaie , told CNNI . He called the attacks "  despicable , " but said , "  We do not believe there is any chance that they will derail the political process or destabilize the country . People are fed up with them and I do n't believe they will achieve any political purpose . " In Washington , Deputy White House Press Secretary Bill Burton said President Barack Obama condemned the attacks . "  There are obviously still people who want to derail the advances that the Iraqi people have made towards democracy , but they are firmly on track and we 're confident that we 're moving towards the end of our combat mission there , " he said . The political crisis worsened on Monday when former Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi 's al-Iraqiya party announced that it was suspending talks with al-Maliki 's coalition in response to comments he made in a television interview . Maysoon al-Damalouji , a spokeswoman for al-Iraqiya , told CNN the group decided to suspend negotiations after al-Maliki described Allawi 's candidate list as a "  Sunni list " in an interview aired Monday by the U.S.-funded network Alhurra . Al-Damalouji said they were demanding an apology to the supporters of al-Iraqiya . Allawi , a secular Shiite , heads the cross-sectarian al-Iraqiya list , which won the largest number of seats in the March 7 national elections . Al-Iraqiya garnered most of the Sunni Arab vote . The four top blocs are involved in weekslong negotiations to try to build a coalition with enough seats to form a government . A fragile mega-Shiite coalition was formed in May between al-Maliki 's State of Law and the Iranian-backed Iranian National Alliance , which includes the followers of radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr , but the coalition collapsed this month after the INA rejected al-Maliki 's nomination for a second term . Allawi and al-Maliki both claim the right to lead the next government . The two blocs have been holding talks . To form a government , a 163-seat majority of 325 seats in parliament is needed . Allawi 's bloc had a narrow victory with 91 seats , while al-Maliki won 89 . Western and Iraqi officials , including Allawi , have said Iraq 's next government must be inclusive and representative , or violence could result . Sunnis largely boycotted the 2005 elections , leading to the emergence of a Shiite-led government . The move left the once-ruling minority disaffected and that contributed to the a bloody insurgency and sectarian warfare that gripped Iraq for years . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this story .	Suicide bomber detonates vest as men line up at army recruitment center Bomber 's vest was stuffed with 30 kilos of explosives , ball bearings Deadly attack occurs on day with a string of violent incidents in Iraq Iraq has been pushing to increase security as U.S. troop drawdown nears
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal stepped up his bid for a fifth French Open crown with a straight sets win over former world number one Lleyton Hewitt in Paris on Saturday . Second seed Nadal was made to fight hard against a determined Hewitt , but wrapped up a 6-3 6-4 6-3 victory in two hours 28 minutes on the Philippe Chatrier court at Roland Garros . Nadal was often extended in cold and windy conditions but said he is running into his best form for the second week of the grand slam . "  I am playing better now and today was a good test against Lleyton and to win against him in three sets is very good news , " he said in a courtside interview . Hewitt made an immediate break of service against Nadal , but the Spaniard immediately retrieved it and a further break saw him take the opener . It was Hewitt 's turn to hit back after the early loss of his service in the second but once again it was Nadal who pulled clear to take a two sets lead . The third set again followed the same pattern , with Hewitt having to hit back after an early loss of service before slipping to defeat on the third match point . Nadal will now play young Brazilian Thomaz Bellucci , who beats Croat veteran Ivan Lubicic 7-6 6-2 6-4 , in the fourth round . Earlier , sixth seed Andy Roddick made a third round exit to Russian qualifier Teimuraz Gabashvili to continue his dismal run at Roland Garros . The big-serving American has never got beyond the last 16 in the clay court grand slam and was roundly beaten 6-4 6-2 6-2 by world number 114 Gabashvili . "  I 've fought through a couple of matches that were a bit dicey but today I got outplayed from the first ball , " Roddick told AFP . "  He played good tennis . Credit to him . He got the best of me and he was getting the best of me on 70 percent of the points . " Gabashvili will now play Austrian Juergen Melzer , who shocked ninth seed David Ferrer , easing to a 6-4 6-0 7-6 win over the Spaniard , who had been favored to challenge in Paris . But 22nd seed Melzer was always on top and wrapped up victory in the third set tiebreak which he claimed seven points to one . Third seed Novak Djokovic booked his place in the second week with a relatively comfortable 6-3 3-6 6-3 6-2 win over Victor Hanescu , the 31st seed from Romania . The Serbian has a last 16 clash with American Robby Ginepri , who shocked Spanish 16th seed and 2003 champion Juan Carlos Ferrero , 7-5 6-3 3-6 2-6 6-4 . Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny , the 11th seed , will face French eighth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the fourth round after wrapping up a 2-6 7-6 6-2 6-3 win over Serbia 's Viktor Troicki in a match held over from Friday .	Rafael Nadal eases into last 16 of French Open with straight sets win over Lleyton Hewitt Third seed Novak Djokovic also through after win over Victor Hanescu Andy Roddick and David Ferrer make third round exits in Paris
CNN  -- Amanda Bynes has hit rough road yet again . The 28-year-old actress was arrested on a DUI charge early Sunday morning in Sherman Oaks , California , Officer Juan Galvan with the California Highway Patrol confirmed to CNN . CHP officers said they observed Bynes driving her white Mercedes Benz SUV west on Riverside Drive , where she stopped for a red light in the middle of an intersection . Bynes immediately pulled over for the highway patrol and according to police failed to pass a series of field sobriety tests . Officers transported her to the West Valley CHP office for evaluation by a drug recognition expert . Bynes was then arrested for allegedly driving under the influence of a drug and booked at the Los Angeles Police Department 's Van Nuys Jail shortly after 7 a.m. . The CHP arrest report notes Bynes ' "  disheveled appearance , " but indicates she was cooperative throughout the entire arrest process . Bynes ' attorneys did not immediately respond to requests for comment . The former child star of Nickelodeon 's "  All That " and "  The Amanda Show " was placed in an involuntary psychiatric hold last year . She had earlier been charged with a DUI after an April 2012 inident in which Bynes ' BMW allegedly sideswiped a police cruiser in West Hollywood . In February 2014 that DUI charge was dismissed in a plea deal that gave the actress three years on probation , a requirement to attend an alcohol education course and pay a fine after she entered a no-contest plea to reckless driving . Amanda Bynes gets probation in DUI plea deal Last December , following her detainment for the mental health evaluation , Bynes was in custody of her parents in California . She has been splitting her time between treatment and studying at the Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising . Her once controversial Twitter page -- where she posted photos in brightly colored wigs and professed her disdain for "  ugly " people -- was most recently filled with sunny tweets about fashion and family vacations . The actress has remained silent on Twitter since May .	Police said the actress was arrested on Sunday morning Her attorney did not immediately respond for comment Bynes has been silent on Twitter since May
CNN  -- Mitt Romney 's strong debate performance and his apology for his callous remarks deriding 47 % of the American public appear to be moving his poll numbers up in some states . But Romney 's reinvigorated campaign is unlikely to move black voters . Black support is at 0 % , according to a NBC/Wall Street Journal poll  PDF  reported in late summer . The reasons for this may have powerful implications for the future of black political strength in presidential elections . It 's worth recognizing that the unwillingness of black voters to offer any measurable support for the Republican presidential candidate is unprecedented . It 's not enough to say that blacks are voting for President Obama because he 's black and that racial solidarity trumps politics . Or to note that black voters are overwhelmingly affiliated with the Democratic Party . Sen. John McCain and vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin ran against a considerably more charismatic and untarnished Obama -- who was still black in 2008 . McCain received 4 % of the black vote . Black voters offered measurable levels of support to George W. Bush , 8 % in 2000 and 11 % in 2004 ; Ronald Reagan , 11 % ; and even Richard Nixon , 18 % . Opinion : Romney 's foreign policy twilight zone One of the reasons African-American voters do not support Romney is that they see the Republican Party 's treatment of Obama , from the first weeks of his presidency , as an assault on a kind of racial collective dignity . This includes remarks such as GOP trash-talker John Sununu 's description of the first black president of the United States as "  lazy " after his poor debate performance . It may seem like a long time ago to most Americans that Obama gave his first post-State of the Union speech before a joint session of Congress . But for many African-Americans , it seems like yesterday that the shaky credibility of the Republican Party began its final downward slide . What we now know as the "  you lie " moment , when Republican Rep. Joe Wilson actually heckled the president of the United States , will one day be remembered as a watershed moment in racial politics . Only the immediate , fierce and united Republican condemnation of Wilson could have possibly mitigated the effect of that moment on millions of African-Americans . That kind of condemnation did not happen . Interactive : Racial voting bloc At its very core , racism has always been experienced as an attack on dignity . Whether it was referring to a black man as "  boy " or to black women by their first names , exiled to the back of the bus or to a separate water fountain , racism was a daily indignity for many early 20th-century blacks . Segregation itself was an attack on dignity . The idea that the very presence of blacks would sully white schools , lunch counters or hotels struck at the dignity of blacks as human beings and fellow Americans . The civil rights movement worked to bring about economic and political power , to be sure . But at the core of those rights was that people be treated with dignity and respect . So when the Harvard-educated , eloquent , high-minded first black president of the United States is heckled in front of his wife by a member of Congress during a nationally televised speech , it is a game-changing moment for millions of blacks . Rather than an isolated event , the Wilson affair was followed by other affronts , both big and small . Republican leadership 's priority of ensuring Obama 's failure in office . The refusal of formerly moderate Republicans to stand by positions they had advocated in the past in order to isolate the president . Parental protests against Obama 's desire to send a message about studying and working hard to schoolchildren before the first day of school in 2009 . Arizona State University refusing to give the Columbia and Harvard-educated president of the United States an honorary degree . The rise of the tea party and the Republicans ' cowardly refusal to call out racist elements in the movement . The video image of a tea party advocate apparently spitting on a black congressman . Tea partiers and others who bring weapons to events marked by vitriolic anti-Obama rhetoric . The entire "  birther " movement and the ongoing attacks on Obama 's legitimacy and nationality . The bumper sticker that reads "  Do n't Re-Nig . " Opinion : Romney 's sorta-kinda call to arms Each of these affronts was directed at Obama -- but was experienced viscerally and personally by millions of black voters . The phenomenon is not easily reversible , at least not in the short term . It could even get worse : National Republican Party strategists might ramp up racial appeals to increase white voter turnout , efforts such as Romney 's "  welfare president " TV campaign and the party 's crude efforts to suppress the black vote with voter I.D. laws . In effect , having fully alienated black voters , the Republican Party may now see its only option as doubling down in an effort to increase the voting strength of white voters . It 's a cynical ploy , to be sure , but it explains Karl Rove 's recent assessment of the vote in Indiana . And it may explain why the chairman of the Republican Party insists on invoking the image of Obama as a stick-up kid who "  stole " millions of dollars from Medicare "  to fund Obamacare " and whom Republicans should "  prosecute . " The ironic result is that the election of the first black president may well have moved us further back in removing race from politics than forward . What will this mean ? For the immediate future , we should expect Republican partisan politics to be fronted by an increasingly no-holds-barred use of racial appeals , particularly in places where Rove and like-minded strategists believe that working-class whites can still be manipulated by race . This will also mean stirring up hostility to policies that have been successfully racially identified in the minds of many working class white , male voters . These include welfare , criminal justice reform , support for cities and for public schools . Until Election Day , we wo n't know whether the Republican Party assault on the president 's dignity will translate into passionate black voter turnout for Obama . But what is certain is that black voters have collectively cut ties with the "  Party of Lincoln . " Instead , for blacks , the 21st-century Republican Party may one day be remembered as the party of Joe Wilson . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sherrilyn Ifill .	NBC/Wall Street Journal poll found black support at 0 % for Mitt Romney Sherrilyn Ifill : Black voters see GOP treatment of Obama as an assault on racial dignity Ifill : Tipping point was a GOP lawmaker heckling the president during a televised speech The upshot could be a more covertly racial GOP campaign to gain white male voters , she says
Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic  CNN  -- A man who acted as a legal adviser to the American missionaries arrested on child kidnapping charges in Haiti is himself facing allegations of human trafficking in El Salvador and human smuggling charges in the United States . An international arrest warrant was issued Saturday for the legal adviser on sex-trafficking charges . Salvadoran police raided a home in May that turned up passports and an ID card in the names of both Jorge Torres Puello and his alias , Jorge Torres Orellana . Each of the documents bore photos of the same man . His wife was arrested in that raid and charged with sex trafficking , and her trial is pending . In a phone interview with CNN on Sunday , Jorge Torres Puello acknowledged he is the same man wanted by Salvadoran authorities . He denied the charges against him . Full coverage of the earthquake aftermath in Haiti According to the warrant , Torres Puello is accused of running an international sex trafficking ring that lured women and girls from the Caribbean and Central America into prostitution with offers of modeling jobs . A wanted poster released by Interpol , the international police organization , includes crimes against children as one of the offenses that Torres Puello is being sought for . "  I never did anything , " Torres Puello said Sunday . "  I started helping a Dominican pastor helping a lot of people who were stranded to get back to their home countries . We once gave some Nicaraguan and Costa Rican women some money to return home and instead they went to the authorities and put in a complaint against us . I never had anybody against their will . " Torres Puello also denied Salvadoran allegations that he ran a brothel out of his home with wife Ana Josefa Ramirez Orellana , who remains jailed pending trial , according to Salvadoran police . "  I want to clear the Salvador matter up and I am hiring a lawyer to do that , " he said . "  I know I am innocent and I want to clear my past . " His mother , Soledad Puello , told CNN Sunday that she first heard of the Salvadoran accusations when her son called to tell her of his wife 's arrest . She said her son told her he had known about the sex ring , but was n't involved in it . Soledad Puello led CNN to believe that her son remained in the Dominican Republic , but she would not say where . Torres Puello , who said he was born in Yonkers , New York , in 1977 to a Dominican mother and a Puerto Rican father , also said he is wanted in the United States on charges of smuggling people between Canada and the United States , which he also denied . He said he spent 18 months in a Canadian jail pending what he called an unsuccessful extradition request by U.S. authorities . He has served jail time in the United States before , he said -- one year in 1998 for handling funds related to a drug-trafficking operation , and was jailed again briefly between late 2001 and January 2002 for violating parole . He denied the drug charge . Both his mother and Torres Puello say he served briefly in the U.S. Army in a military intelligence unit , and Torres Puello said he also worked undercover with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and the Department of Homeland Security . A family photo shows Torres Puello in a military uniform alongside a truck with the words "  U.S. Military " printed across the bumper . CNN was unable to reach government officials to confirm his claims of working with the military , the DEA and Homeland Security . Torres Puello 's statements regarding the charges against him could not be immediately verified . But on Sunday , four men showed up at his mother 's home while CNN reporters were present . The men said they were from the U.S. Embassy and looking for Torres Puello . One of the men told Soledad Puello that her son has three outstanding arrest warrants -- two in the United States and one in El Salvador . He did not specify the charges . One of the men was wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words "  U.S. Marshals Service , Fugitive Task Force . " Torres Puello said he made contact with the Central Valley Church in Idaho and their family representatives and offered to provide legal assistance to the American missionaries shortly after they were jailed in January after trying to cross the Dominican border carrying 33 children without proper documentation . Family representatives in Idaho did not give the exact date when they were contacted by Puello but said it was "  shortly after their arrest " . Hiram Sasser , attorney with Liberty Legal of Plano , Texas , sought to distance his client , Jim Allen , from Torres Puello . He stated in an e-mail to CNN : "  No attorney has ever been authorized to represent Jim Allen other than our team , which includes Mr. Lissade . The only spokesperson for the Allen family has been me and our team . " Haitian attorney Louis Gary Lissade showed up at court in Port-au-Prince on February 9 to represent Allen , one of the 10 Americans . Another of Allen 's U.S. defense team , Reginald Brown , said he , Sasser and other U.S. attorneys were only hired to represent Allen on Super Bowl Sunday -- nine days after the Americans were arrested . In a February 9 letter from Brown to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Brown stated : "  It 's our understanding from press reports ... that all 10 Americans were represented by a single Haitian attorney . ... We 're not able to confirm if that counsel was independently chosen by Jim -LSB- Allen -RSB- . " Until February 7 , Torres Puello said he had been appointed legal adviser to all 10 Americans and Haitian attorney Edwin Coq said he was handling the case in Port-au-Prince on behalf of all 10 . Coq , who was the attorney Brown referred to in his letter to Clinton , says he resigned on February 6 over a dispute about payments . Torres Puello said he had fired Coq . Torres Puello turned up at court Monday , February 8 , saying he was there to organize legal representation for all 10 Americans after Coq left the case . Torres Puello said he read about the case and decided to offer his services for free . However , Torres Puello 's stepfather , Franco Ceminara , said the arrested Americans ' families had already wired more than $ 40,000 to his stepson . A receipt provided by Torres Puello 's family to CNN showed the Haitian lawyers are charging $ 40,000 to represent the Americans . The receipt , for an advance payment of $ 10,000 , was signed by Aviol Fleurant , one of the Americans ' Port-au-Prince-based defense team that also includes Lissade . Family and church representatives in Idaho , where most of the 10 Americans are from , told CNN earlier in the week that they had not paid money to the man they know as Jorge Puello . Regarding the American missionaries , Torres Puello said : "  Prior to this earthquake I never knew those people -LSB- the Americans -RSB- . When I read about their case I just decided to help them . I 'm in the real estate business and was working with a team of lawyers . "	Jorge Torres Puello acting as legal adviser to 10 Americans charged with kidnapping He faces allegations of human trafficking in El Salvador , human smuggling charges in U.S. An international arrest warrant was issued Saturday for the legal adviser Torres Puello acknowledges he 's wanted by Salvadoran authorities , denies the charges
Serena Williams bemoaned the amount of unforced errors she made after suffering a quarterfinal defeat to fellow former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki at the Miami Masters . The 13-time grand slam winner smashed 34 winners during her clash with the fourth-seeded Dane , but made as many errors in Tuesday 's 6-4 6-4 defeat . The American has won the U.S. hard-court event five times , a feat matched only by Steffi Graf . She is on the comeback trail after a 2011 season which was blighted by injury and illness , including life-threatening blood clots on both lungs . "  I think I just struggled a bit with a lot of errors more than anything , " the 30-year-old told the WTA Tour website . "  She did well , she moved well , and I just made too many errors . Sometimes you 're not playing well . But you have to be able to play better . "  The good thing , though , is I could have played a lot better . I probably played about 20 % . It would really suck if I could n't do any better . I 'm just looking forward to the next tournament and I 'll try not to dwell on this too much . " Wozniacki , who lost her place at the top of the world rankings to Victoria Azarenka following the Belorussian 's triumph at the Australian Open , was pleased to advance after a late rally from Williams . "  There are some players you play who , when you lead 5-1 in the second set , you know that you have pretty much won the match , " the 21-year-old said . "  But against someone like Serena , you know you need to fight until the last point . I knew she was going to step up . I could tell she was really motivated that last game . " Wozniacki 's reward is a clash with second seed Maria Sharapova , who crushed French Open champion Li Na in straight sets . The Russian , who has never won the Miami title despite reaching three previous finals , won eight games in a row on her way to a 6-3 6-0 success in just 68 minutes . The win also ended eighth seed Na 's recent superiority over Sharapova , with the Chinese player having won their last four previous meetings in straight sets -- including in the semifinals at Roland Garros last year . In the men 's section , 2010 champion Andy Roddick failed to capitalize on his shock win over 16-time grand slam winner Roger Federer as he stumbled to a 7-5 6-0 defeat to Argentine 22nd seed Juan Monaco . The 27-year-old Monaco will face U.S. opposition again in the quarterfinals , after eighth Mardy Fish beat Spaniard Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-7  2-7  6-3 . Defending champion and world No. 1 Novak Djokovic beat 17th-ranked Frenchman Richard Gasquet 7-5 6-3 to set up a last-eight clash with Spanish fifth seed David Ferrer , who won 6-3 6-3 against 2009 U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro . Ferrer 's second-seeded compatriot Rafael Nadal proved too good for Japanese rising star Kei Nishikori , winning 6-4 6-4 . The 10-time grand slam winner -- a three-time runner-up in Key Biscayne -- will play sixth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga for a spot in the last four . The Frenchman beat German world No. 19 Florian Mayer . Serbia 's ninth-ranked Janko Tipsarevic ended the run of unseeded Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov , winning 7-6 6-2 . He will next play world No. 4 Andy Murray , the 2009 Miami champion , who beat French No. 13 Gilles Simon 6-3 6-4 .	Serena Williams loses 6-4 6-4 to former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki The 13-time grand slam winner hit 34 errors during the quarterfinal match Wozniacki will play another former world No. 1 , Maria Sharapova , in the semis Roger Federer 's conqueror Andy Roddick loses to 22nd seed Juan Monaco
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Amid the swirl of claims and counter-claims involving sex , lies , and witness videotapes , one of the most intriguing aspects of Bo Xilai 's so-called "  trial of the century " in China has been the live micro-blogging of proceedings from the courthouse . Timeline : Bo 's fall from grace Case updates , photos , excerpts of video testimony and partial transcripts were posted on the court 's Twitter-like Sina Weibo account during the course of the five-day trial of the former high-flying politician on charges of bribery , embezzlement and abuse of power , attracting more than 590,000 followers . State media rushed to herald the micro-blog as a reflection of "  historic transparency " and "  historic progress for the rule of law " in a country that regularly clamps down on the free flow of information and dissent . But while the court 's micro-blog offered unprecedented glimpses into what was widely viewed as a tightly-orchestrated show trial , the flow of information was nonetheless a selective drip-feed that sparked questions about its objectivity . Five things not to have missed Some Sina Weibo users complained of deleted comments that went against the party line of the trial 's fairness and the certainty of Bo 's guilt . Speculation -- in mainstream as well as social media -- about what lay beyond the micro-blog and what was excluded from the transcripts underscored the lack of openness the party claimed to offer . People with detailed knowledge of the court proceedings told CNN that the micro-blog left out details that may have placed Bo in a good light and Bo 's claims of threats made against him and his family during party investigations . And while criminal trials in China are theoretically open to the public , in practice , the gallery is as open as the state wants it to be . Bo 's trial lacked independent observers -- Bo 's family , government officials , and a handful of pre-approved journalists were allowed into the courtroom -- while foreign media were relegated to a hotel across the street . "  For that class of trial , the Bo Xilai trial was a showcase for how to be more transparent about what goes on inside the courthouse , " said Nicholas Bequelin , a Hong-Kong-based researcher for Human Rights Watch , comparing it to the information vacuum during the brief , closed trials of Bo 's wife and his former right-hand man Wang Lijun last year . "  But that 's not real transparency ; it 's selective transparency , " Bequelin added . "  The party remains in charge of what gets said to the public . " Joshua Rosenzweig , another Chinese human rights researcher based in Hong Kong , agreed there was a relatively high amount of information released compared to the vast majority of Chinese criminal trials , but he questioned the motives behind it . "  One motivation is to control the narrative . Part of what spawns rumors online is the lack of transparency , " he said . "  When you try to take control of the release of information , it draws people into the information and does n't give as much opportunity for straying from that narrative . " Concurrently , the trial comes against a heightened crackdown on activism under President Xi Jinping -- with regular arrests of micro-blog users for "  rumor mongering " and activists for "  assembling a crowd to disrupt order in a public place . " Over the past several months , state media has reported the arrests of numerous journalists and ordinary citizens across China for "  fabricating online rumors " on their Weibo accounts . On Friday , prominent human rights advocate Xu Zhiyong was formally arrested for disturbing public order after he was detained last month . The same day , Charles Xue , a major liberal activist with more than 12 million followers on Sina Weibo , was detained by Beijing police on prostitution charges , prompting online speculation that Xue was the victim of a set-up . Read more : China 's netizens not always on side of justice The crackdown on dissent is a similar attempt to manage public opinion by setting boundaries around key opinion-makers with large followings on micro-blogging platforms , Rosenzweig said . Bequelin said the arrests reflect how the Xi administration is "  very conservative on political matters . Their rationale is that China is going through a turbulent period and they need to make some structural adjustments to the economy , civil services , all the acute problems that the system is facing . Therefore , they can not to afford to have anything destabilize the country . " For all the party 's efforts to create an impression of fairness and transparency in the Bo trial , analysts interpreted them as one-off gestures tailored for a high-profile case . "  This was a sensitive case because it revealed so much of the inner workings of the party and the abuses of power and the elite , so it needed a trial that was a match for that , " Bequelin said , calling the proceedings a "  good-quality show trial . " "  But in no way does it indicate a systemic shift in China toward greater standards in the administration of justice , " he added . Rosenzweig agreed . "  It 's far too early to see this as a transformative event that will trickle down into criminal proceedings , " he said . At the same time , human rights analysts believe the theatrics will have the unintended effect of raising public expectations of a fair trial in China . "  At the end of the day , Chinese criminal trials are primarily about reasserting social and political order over society , not providing a process that pays considered attention to the rights of defendants , " Rosenzweig said . "  The Chinese public is desirous of a criminal process that is more rights-based . So seeing this in practice in such a spectacular form , while it might be a one-off , does set a precedent in people 's memories of what a criminal trial can look like . " In China , the role of a judge is not to determine guilt , but rather to decide on a sentence based on information provided by the prosecution . The role of the defense is extremely limited , and criminal cases tend to be open-and-shut , with a conviction rate of 99.9 % . While Bo 's long and fiery rebuttal of the charges against him is unlikely to alter what is an all-but-certain guilty verdict , the fact that he defended himself at all is highly unusual in the Chinese criminal system . It is precisely this tension between a party bent on preserving its power and the public 's push for greater rights that will fuel the development of the rule of law in the China , according to analysts . "  Twenty years ago , -LSB- the party -RSB- did n't need to go through all this , " Bequelin said . "  But now , if you want to give the citizenry the impression that someone got a fair trial , the bar is much higher . " Trial by social media	Bo Xilai trial proceedings posted on live courthouse micro-blog , attracting more than 590,000 followers China hailed micro-blog as "  historic transparency " but flow of information was selective Analysts : "  Selective transparency " was one-off gesture for high-profile show trial Unintended effect is raised public expectations of a fair trial in China , analysts say
EW.com  -- Nope , season 2 is n't out yet . But Netflix has renewed "  House of Cards " for a third season anyway . The Emmy-winning political thriller will be back for another 13 episodes , the streaming company confirmed Tuesday . While the second season of the acclaimed drama starring Kevin Spacey will be launched on Valentine 's Day . Netflix might not know how well the new season will perform , but by picking up the show in advance from producer Media Rights Capital the company gets a boost of advance publicity promoting the season 2 premiere date  see above  . "  House of Cards " was Netflix 's first major entry into the original series game , launching just a year ago . It 's since been followed by "  Hemlock Grove , " "  Orange is the New Black " and the " Arrested Development " reboot . Here 's the season 2 trailer : See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  House of Cards " will be back for season 3 Second season will launch on Valentine 's Day It was Netflix 's first foray into original programming
CNN  -- Mary Lee has logged more than 16,000 miles in the past two years . She 's been to Florida , Bermuda and Cape Cod . She 's not a beach bum , though . Mary Lee is a 3,456-pound great white shark . You would n't want to run into her in the surf , but you can follow her on Twitter and track her movements online . She 's one of five great white sharks along the East Coast of the United States that is actively "  pinging " her location via satellite transmitter . An online map tracks the sharks ' courses as they go , so you can see nearly real-time data . But there 's no coast-is-clear guarantee for fearful late-summer swimmers . The trackers only ping when the animals surface , and sharks do n't have to surface to breathe . And of course there are more than five out there . So , if the recent shark-kayaker encounter or shark sightings in Massachusetts have you worried , your best bet is to look at the stats , shark trackers say . And use common sense . "  Do n't go play with the seals in the water at dawn or dusk . Other than that , enjoy life , go swimming . Because if you 're worried about a shark interaction , you should be scared to death to get in the car , " says Chris Fischer , founder and expedition leader of Ocearch , the research and educational nonprofit that tagged and tracks Mary Lee and other sharks . In 2013 , there were 72 shark attacks worldwide , according to the International Shark Attack File . Of those , 10 were fatal . There were 47 attacks in the United States in 2013 , with one fatality in Hawaii . Compare that with more than 33,000 fatal vehicle crashes in the United States in 2012 , the last full year for which figures are available . In the first half of 2013 , more than 15,000 motor vehicle traffic fatalities are estimated , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . "  If you 're the kind of person who 's scared of sharks and wants to know if there 's one around you , there 's no technology for that , " says Gregory Skomal , a biologist with Massachusetts ' Division of Marine Fisheries who has tagged sharks with Ocearch . Still , the GPS transmitters with wet-dry switches that are activated when the sharks surface provide a pretty interesting picture . On Ocearch 's online tracker you can see each shark 's tangle of pings over several years , tracing their movements over thousands of miles . Skomal has been researching sharks for more than 25 years and has teamed up with Fischer and Ocearch three times in the past few years to tag great whites along the East Coast . He 's tracking Mary Lee , Lydia , Katharine , Genie and Betsy . Lydia is a real world traveler . "  Lydia is an exciting shark . Lydia makes it look like Mary Lee is a real homebody , " Skomal said . Lydia was tagged in March 2013 and has already logged more than 25,000 miles . Over the last six years , Skomal has tagged more than 40 great white sharks using various tracking devices . The five tagged with Ocearch provide real-time tracking , while other trackers offer data after they detach from the shark . Fischer , who is not a biologist , has led more than 20 research expeditions with scientists around the world since 2007 , tagging about 80 great white sharks in total . Ocearch gathers data and tags sharks and other marine predators by taking them out of the water for about 15 minutes using a custom lift . That ability to lift sharks weighing thousands of pounds out of the water to attach tags that track their movements in real-time is what distinguishes Ocearch , Skomal says . Some of the sharks also have Twitter accounts . "  Every time a shark decides to set up its own Twitter account , it 's not really up to us . We do n't decide that , " says Fischer . It 's a personality thing , he joked . Mary Lee tweets occasionally , while Katharine , who 's in her late teens , is a "  chatterbox " with more than 16,000 followers . The real identity of the tweeters is a mystery . "  People were inspired to give these sharks voices , and we do n't know who they are , " Fischer said . Fischer credits the publicly shared shark tracker and the power of social media with helping to change the tone of the conversation around sharks . After all , they 're king of the sea , and the marine ecosystem depends on them . One-ton shark headed to Texas coast What devoured this great white shark ?	Real-time shark tracker shows movements of great white sharks Five great whites are actively pinging their locations off the East Coast Pings are activated when the sharks surface , so movements are logged erratically
CNN  -- As the relief effort in flood-hit Pakistan intensified Monday , officials were bracing themselves for an outbreak of disease among the millions affected by the country 's worst deluge in 80 years . Rushing floodwaters and mudslides triggered by monsoon rains have engulfed large swathes of northwestern Pakistan since Thursday , killing an estimated 1,500 people said Information Minister Mian Ifthikar Hussain on Monday . Now government officials are concerned a lack of drinking water is spreading conditions such as cholera and gastroenteritis in affected areas such as the Swat Valley in Khyber-Pakhtoonkhwa Province , Agence France-Presse reported . "  We estimate that about 100,000 people , mostly children , have been hit by cholera and gastro diseases , " Syed Zahir Ali Shah , health minister for Khyber-Pakhtoonkhwa , was quoted by AFP as saying . iReport : Are you there ? Send pictures , video "  Our priority is to first evacuate them to safe areas and then provide them with medical treatment , " he added . But the rescue and recovery efforts could become more complicated as monsoon rains continued to fall across much of Pakistan Monday . "  Anything they get will aggravate an already devastating situation , " said Brandon Miller , a meteorologist with CNN International . The Pakistan Meteorological Department said Monday that it expects enhanced monsoon activity for the first two weeks of August . It forecast widespread rain in the next four days in Sindh , Punjab , Kashmir , Khyber-Pakhtoonkhwa , northeast Balochistan and Islamabad . Areas along the Indus River will be badly affected due to extremely high flood conditions , the department has said . Special : Impact Your World Tens of thousands of people remain trapped on rooftops and in higher areas trying to escape rising floodwaters , according to the United Nations . "  We 've got the government sending boats and helicopters to try to reach people and bring them to safety at the same time as trying to deliver emergency relief , " said Nicki Bennett , a senior humanitarian affairs officer for the U.N. Damaged roads and bridges have made rescuing stranded residents difficult , she said , noting that even a U.N. warehouse where the organization stores food , blankets , soaps and bucks is partially underwater . The Pakistani military , which has deployed dozens of helicopters and boats across the region , said 25 bridges have been destroyed and some 36 miles  58 kilometers  of road washed away in Swat and Shangla districts . Despite these difficulties , senior commanders in the region told reporters that tens of thousands of people had been rescued from Shangla , Peshawar , Nowshera and Charsadda . In the hardest-hit province , Khyber-Pakhtoonkhwa , authorities estimate that 800 people have died and more than 100 are still missing , the World Health Organization said . "  The actual figures could be higher as communication networks in many areas are still disrupted , " it said in a report . About 15,000 families in the province need emergency assistance , such as food , clean water , shelter and medical services , the organization said . "  As the water level recedes , measures to prevent water-borne diseases will also become a priority , " it said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon late Sunday authorized $ 10 million in emergency aid . This follows an earlier pledge by the United States to send helicopters , boats , pre-fabricated bridges and water-filtration units . The European Union and China have also committed to provide humanitarian aid . A Pakistani Red Crescent official told CNN that the number of people affected by the floods has risen to nearly 2.5 million people , with infrastructure receiving major damage . Rushing water also has washed away thousands of acres of crops , government buildings , businesses , schools , bridges and homes , officials said . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Nazneen Akbari and Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	NEW : Up to 1,500 people killed in floods said Information Minister Mian Ifthikar Hussain Pakistani Red Crescent says 2.5 million people in northwestern Pakistan affected Officials fear an outbreak of gastro conditions due to lack of drinking water Destroyed bridges , roads hampering rescue efforts in flood-hit areas
CNN  -- Serbia and France are tied at 1-1 after the first day of the Davis Cup final after sharing the opening singles rubbers in Belgrade . Gael Monfils put France ahead with an emphatic 6-1 7-6 6-0 win over Janko Tipsarevic before Novak Djokovic brushed aside Gilles Simon 6-3 6-1 7-5 to level for the hosts . Djokovic hit a blistering 62 winners for his sixth win out of six in singles ties for Serbia this year as they bid for their first Davis Cup title . The world number three was always in command against Simon , who had been handed the second French singles berth in the place of the injured Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and to the roars of the capacity home crowd won in two hours 18 minutes . "  Definitely it 's an advantage for the home team playing in front of their people . To be able to have this support is really relevant , " Djokovic told the official Davis Cup website . . Earlier , the in-form Monfils silenced a partisan home crowd by thrashing Janko Tipsarevic in the opening singles rubber on Friday . Serbian tennis completes transformation Speaking to France 3 TV , Monfils said : "  I got into the match straight away and that helped settle me . "  I 'm really happy with the result . Janko started off with two double faults and straight away I saw that he was tense . That helped me to relax a little . " Tipsarevic has often been the hero for Serbia in Davis Cup over recent years , but he was subjected to booing from some of his own fans as he capitulated in a one-sided third set . Saturday 's doubles rubber will see Michael Llodra and Arnaud Clement of France take on Serbian duo Nenad Zimonjic and Viktor Troicki , but Djokovic could be drafted in at short notice to bolster the home team . His match with world number 12 Monfils in Sunday 's reverse singles is also set to have a strong influence on the outcome .	NEW : Novak Djokovic beats Gilles Simon in straight sets to level Davis Cup final at 1-1 Gael Monfils thrashes Janko Tipsarevic in straight sets in the opening singles rubber Saturday sees doubles action with reverse singles on Sunday
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A veteran social activist in India has launched an indefinite hunger strike to seek tough , overarching laws to tackle corruption as a rash of scandals undermined the reputation of the country 's government . On Tuesday , activist Anna Hazare began his "  fast-unto-death " at New Delhi 's Jantar Mantar landmark . His campaign , supported by numerous social reformists , has come in the wake of a series of high-profile alleged scandals that have rocked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's administration and investor confidence in Asia 's third largest economy . Hazare is demanding that a long-pending citizen ombudsman legislation , called the Lokpal bill , be widened in its scope . Hazare and his supporters reject the bill in its present form because it does not empower the proposed bodies to prosecute corruption suspects . Anti-graft crusaders have come up with their own draft of the legislation that seeks to create citizen ombudsman completely free from political influence and with wide-ranging jurisdiction . "  This fast-unto-death is a reflection of the people 's anger at growing , all-round corruption ... at a time when the scourge is eating into the vitals of our society , " said political commentator K.G. Suresh . A day before Hazare , 72 , began his hunger strike , the office of the Indian prime minister expressed its "  deep disappointment " over the protest . Singh 's office noted in a statement that the prime minister met with Hazare and his colleagues last month . "  I appreciate and share your concern on corruption , " the statement quoted Singh as having told Hazare . Nonetheless , a subsequent meeting between social activists and a federal committee ended unsuccessfully over demands the government accept their version of the bill in totality , Singh 's office said . As politicians from different parties visited Hazare at Jantar Mantar , the reformist announced he would allow no leader to share his platform . Rather , Hazare alleged corruption was all pervasive in India 's political establishment with only few exceptions . Last weekend , a former government minister in India was among a dozen defendants charged in a multi-billion-dollar telecom scandal . Andimuthu Raja , a former telecommunication minister , is accused of being involved in a scheme involving the underselling of cell phone licenses at the height of India 's lucrative telecom boom . Police have questioned several high-profile executives in connection with the suspected below-price sale of radiowaves in 2008 . Politicians , bureaucrats , and corporate officials linked to the probe have denied any wrongdoing . According to a government audit , the treasury lost as much as $ 31 billion from the 2008 sale of the second-generation wireless spectrum . The damning audit report came on the heels of allegations of massive fraud in sports and real estate . Two parliamentary committees are conducting separate inquiries into the case . Investigators are already probing complaints of financial malfeasance in the Commonwealth Games that India hosted in October last year . Several politicians , military officials , and bureaucrats have also been the subjects of a separate inquiry for allegedly taking apartments meant for war widows .	Hazare 's fast-unto-death comes in the wake of a series of high-profile scandals He wants a citizen ombudsman legislation widened The prime minister 's office expresses "  deep disappointment " over the protest
CNN  -- Pity the poor U.S. airport ; its self-esteem has taken a beating in recent months . In February , as reported by the New York Daily News , Vice President Joe Biden said New York 's frequently lambasted LaGuardia Airport "  feels like it 's in some third world country . " "  Why did we lead the world economically for so long ? " Biden lamented . "  We had the most modern infrastructure in the world . " In March , the UK-based Skytrax consultancy released its annual list of the world 's top 100 airports . The highest ranking any U.S. airport managed to muster was No. 27 , achieved by the relatively small Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport . Now , The Economist has joined the dogpile . After combing through data on more than a million flights in 2013 , the venerable British magazine concludes in its current issue that U.S. airports are "  awful , " beset by "  soggy pizza , surly security staff and endless queues . " The Economist article poses the million -  or , rather , multimillion -  dollar question : "  Why are foreign airports better than America 's ? " Perhaps indicative of the global traveling public 's dismissal of the standards at U.S. airports , the online article does n't bother to provide an answer . Best eats at 20 busiest U.S. airports Hope for U.S. airports ? Well ... maybe "  There 's no question that U.S. airports suffer from an image problem globally , and the main culprit is our nation 's lack of dedicated infrastructure investment , particularly in its aviation infrastructure , " Airports Council International North America President and CEO Kevin M. Burke said . "  Many of our airports are operating well beyond the capacity for which they were originally intended several decades ago , and this is the reason why air travelers -- international and domestic -- experience crowded terminals and outdated facilities . "  The other source of harm to our global reputation has been the unacceptably long waiting times to process through customs at U.S. international airports . " Burke is optimistic about correcting the problems , pointing to a recent U.S. Customs and Border Protection announcement that it will add 2,000 officers , many assigned to airports . "  ACI-NA has been working with Congress for additional staffing , and with international traffic on the rise , this increase could not have come at a more critical time for U.S. airports , " Burke said . Hong Kong airport glory days , breathtaking photos Meager public funding bedevils performance , improvement At the root of many problems experienced by travelers at U.S. airports is an atypical system of governance and finance . Unlike many of their overseas counterparts , U.S. airports are predominantly owned and operated by city , county or state governments . "  This means that how they are funded is far more restricted than the rest of the world , " Burke said . "  For our large hub airports , their primary source of funding for capital improvement projects is the Passenger Facility Charge . " The charge is a nominal user fee paid by passengers upon purchase of airline tickets in the United States , "  virtually all of which , " according to Burke , is returned to the airport for investment in infrastructure projects . 10 of the world 's top airport lounges The problem is , the fee no longer amounts to as much as it once did . "  The PFC 's ceiling of $ 4.50 has n't been raised since 2000 , and this has meant that its purchasing power has eroded by roughly half due to inflation over the past 14 years , " says Burke . Lack of Passenger Facility Charge punch has hindered significant improvements and updates at many major U.S. airports . Despite all this , Burke , and perhaps at least some of the millions of visitors who continue to pour into U.S. airports each year , remains bullish about the future of U.S. airports . But can U.S. airports realistically improve vis-a-vis their international counterparts in , say , the next five to 10 years ? "  Yes , but it 's going to take an unwavering commitment to upgrading our infrastructure , " Burke said . "  It 's crucial that Congress and the American public recognize that infrastructure investment in airports is reinvestment in the communities they connect to rest of the world . "  And in an increasingly global marketplace , the U.S. will require world-leading airports to stay competitive . " Or , by now , simply to catch up to a field that has already , by many estimates , flown far ahead of them . And the world 's best airport is ...	The Economist says U.S. airports are beset by "  soggy pizza , surly security staff " Highest placement of U.S. airport in recent "  top 100 " list is No. 27 Airports Council International North America chief reacts to spate of negative press Public management of airports at root of many problems experienced by travelers
CNN  -- From "  Mario Kart " to "  Mortal Kombat , " last week 's Electronic Entertainment Expo made one thing abundantly clear : 3-D gaming is just around the corner . But despite what the game console makers Nintendo and Sony might suggest , gamers may not be ready for another dimension to invade their lives . Thanks to the well-timed arrival of 3-D-ready TV sets and video game systems , though , players may soon have no choice but to welcome the in-your-face medium . Heroes and adventures will be designed to pop from your television screen . There will be no escaping it . Nintendo 's handheld 3DS system , for example , will showcase 3-D graphics on a small screen -- without requiring users to wear clunky 3-D glasses . The dual-screened handheld makes the strongest case for the concept yet , thanks to its convenient , affordable  at least , compared to current living room setups  and simple , no-glasses approach to three-dimensional play . It 's impressive that the Nintendo 3DS is able to offer genuine 3-D special effects on a 3.5-inch display , which is n't bigger than many smartphones . Meanwhile , the handheld system , which does not have a scheduled release date or listed price , does have a compelling list of game titles , including "  Animal Crossing , " "  Paper Mario , " "  Contra " and "  Final Fantasy . " Familiar Nintendo staples will also reappear on the new system . They include "  Kid Icarus : Uprising " and "  The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time 3-D . " Enhanced versions of popular franchises like "  DJ Hero 3-D " and "  Nintendogs " are also in the works . The three-dimensional games are restricted to Nintendo 's handheld device , however . Sony 's PlayStation 3 is the first set-top box to receive a software update that allows 3-D games . And graphics on the system burst from the TV screen like pop-up-book cutouts . The first PlayStation 3 games in 3-D were released on June 10 . They include the crash test dummy simulator "  PAIN , " a futuristic racing game called "  WipEout HD " and a modern-day "  Asteroids " clone named "  Super Stardust HD . " A demo of arcade speedster "  MotorStorm : Pacific Rift " is offered as well . Future 3-D titles such as sci-fi shooter "  Killzone 3 , " "  Crysis 2 " and driving simulator "  Gran Turismo 5 " are also planned . One drawback : All of these PlayStation games require you to have 3-D TV and a set of those stereoscopic , 3-D glasses in order to enjoy the third dimension . 3-D graphics will be coming to two other major gaming systems -- the Nintendo Wii and Microsoft 's Xbox 360 -- via two games : "  Batman : Arkham Asylum " and "  Attack of the Movies 3-D . " Both of those systems require users to wear low-tech , red-and-blue 3-D glasses , which break from the industry standard . You wo n't see 3-D images like those in movie theaters today on the Wii or Xbox yet . Finally , gamers can also turn to their personal computers for 3-D action . Graphics maker NVIDIA already offers a solution for playing over 400 games such as "  Battlefield : Bad Company 2 " and "  Resident Evil 5 " in 3-D on your PC through its 3-D Vision platform . To do so , you have to own a 3-D video card , monitor and active-shutter glasses . All of these hurdles -- combined with the price burden of getting all of this new equipment -- means 3-D games will have only a small audience for now . Plus , no one is really clamoring for these upgrades . There is n't an outcry among gamers that two-dimensional games are broken , for example . Console makers still have some work to do before the masses will make the switch to three-dimensional gaming .	It 's entirely possible that gamers are n't quite ready for 3-D to invade our world yet Thanks to 3-D-ready sets and game systems , players will have to welcome the medium Excitement seems to primarily be coming from TV and games manufacturers
CNN  -- The political infighting in Washington took on global importance Thursday when the ratings agency Standard & Poor 's released a report saying it would downgrade the world 's largest economy 's credit rating if a deal to raise its debt ceiling is not agreed on soon . This comes after similar warnings from Moody 's and Finch -- who , along with S&P , are known as the "  Big Three " global credit ratings agencies . Meanwhile , European Union markets reeled this week after Moody 's recent credit downgrades of Ireland , Greece and Portugal -- heightening fears that the EU debt crisis will hit the larger economies of Italy and Spain . Government officials on both sides of the Atlantic have railed against the agencies . So how did the global economy become so dependent on the opinions of three companies ? Who are the credit rating agencies ? The "  big three " are Standard 's & Poor 's , Moody 's Investor Services and Fitch Ratings . All originated in the United States , although Fitch has dual headquarters in New York and London . What do they do ? Before you can get a credit card , banks run a credit check on you . Similarly , the ratings agencies run credit checks on companies , countries and financial products . Countries are rated on a sliding scale : the U.S. , for example , has a top rating  AAA  which allows it to borrow cash at cheap interest rates . The lower the rating grade , however , the higher interest payments a nation must pay to attract investors to buy its bonds . Anything that slips to junk status -- as Ireland , Portugal and Greek government bonds are rated -- is considered a "  highly speculative " investment . Furthermore , the pool of eligible investors is reduced -- many institutional investors , such as government pension funds , are forbidden to invest in junk-rated bonds . Why do they wield such power ? Investors across the world look to credit rating agencies to judge where to place their bets in the market . For governments , the ratings agencies have a lot of power over the popularity of bonds : cash given to governments by investors that , over time , will pay a return on the original investment -- unless the government defaults . The downgrade of Ireland this week signaled Moody 's belief that Ireland has a higher likelihood to default on investments . And global investors have little appetite to invest in those bonds . What does a debt rating downgrade mean ? The decisions of the "  Big Three " catalyze market moves in often unpredictable ways , creating a strong ripple effect . In the wake of the Greece downgrade last year , for example , investors across the globe started rethinking investment in other governments ' bonds and began selling off more risky investments -- throwing the EU into crisis and depressing the value of the euro . There was a similar psychological ripple through the markets this week after Moody 's recent downgrades of Ireland and Portugal -- it put the spurs to Italian lawmakers to pass deep cuts in government spending on Thursday and turning up the heat on Washington lawmakers to extend the debt ceiling . How are ratings agencies paid ? Historically , they were created to give investors an unbiased assessment of investments and investors paid for access to the ratings . In the 1970s , however , credit rating agencies started charging the issuers of new investments fees for ratings . In 1975 , U.S. legislators -- fearing a proliferation of unscrupulous ratings agencies -- designated Standard & Poor 's , Moody 's and Fitch as the only ratings organizations banks and brokers could use to evaluate the credit worthiness of their products . What are the complaints against the firms ? Critics complain the agencies have lost their ability to independently judge the risk on certain investments -- especially in light of AAA ratings given to mortgage-backed securities that imploded when defaults on U.S. home loans shot up , triggering the financial crisis . Critics also note that the agencies are paid by the very entities they rate , raising questions about their trustworthiness . "  No nation , agency or organization has the authority to dictate terms to the United States Government , " U.S. Congressman Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , said on Wednesday after Moody 's placed the U.S. on review for a possible downgrade . "  Moody 's is representing people who stand to gain from the U.S. being able to issue more financing . This is an unwarranted interference in the political process and continues to raise questions about conflicts of interest among the rating agencies . " In a speech Monday in Paris , Michael Barnier , a member of the European Commission in charge of Internal Market and Services , said : "  We need to be more demanding when it comes to how credit ratings agencies rate sovereign debt . "  These ratings play a crucial role not only for the rated countries but for all our countries : a downgrading has the immediate effect of making a country 's borrowing more expensive , it makes states weaker , and there are possible effects of contagion on neighboring economies . " The agencies say they have revamped their procedures since the credit crisis . They also argue their ratings are merely opinions -- protected by free speech laws -- and ultimately , it 's up to the markets to decide .	"  Big Three " are Standard 's & Poor 's , Moody 's Investor Services and Fitch Ratings Rating agencies downgrade pressure felt this week from Washington to Rome Critics on both sides of the Atlantic say the agencies have too much power Agencies say they only give opinions on credit ; choices ultimately up to investors
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- While California 's Supreme Court on Tuesday upheld a ban on same-sex marriages that voters voters passed in November , the fight will undoubtedly go forward . Four states -- Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts and Iowa -- currently allow same-sex marriages . The ruling by the court allows about 18,000 same-sex marriages performed before the ban to remain valid . The decision was met with chants of "  shame on you " from a crowd of about 1,000 people gathered outside the court building in San Francisco on Tuesday . Proposition 8 passed in the 2008 general election with about 52.5 percent of the vote . California had been issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples since the state Supreme Court ruled in May 2008 that the unions were legal . iReport.com : Couples ' thoughts on Prop 8 ? But the question now remains whether gay rights activists across the country will take their fight -- despite the California ruling -- to state courts , push for ballot initiatives or simply pressure state politicians to move legislation . Currently , four states -- Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts and Iowa -- approved of same-sex marriages . Vermont 's legislature passed a law making same-sex marriages legal that will take effect in September . New Hampshire and Rhode Island remain the New England states that have not approved the marriages into law . Most recently , on May 6 , same-sex marriage became legal in Maine when Democratic Gov. John Baldacci signed a bill less than an hour after the state Legislature approved it . "  I have come to believe that this is a question of fairness and of equal protection under the law and that a civil union is not equal to civil marriage , " he said in a statement . But he raised the possibility that the residents of the state would overturn the law . "  Just as the Maine Constitution demands that all people are treated equally under the law , it also guarantees that the ultimate political power in the state belongs to the people . " The fight for same-sex marriage in New Hampshire , meanwhile , has hit a roadblock . The House and Senate have approved allowing gay couples to marry . But Gov. John Lynch , a three-term Democrat , said last week that he would sign a same-sex marriage bill only if it provides "  the strongest and clearest protections for religious institutions and associations , and for the individuals working with such institutions . " Lynch said that any such measure needs to "  make clear that -LSB- clergy and other religious officials -RSB- can not be forced to act in ways that violate their deeply held religious principles . " On Wednesday , the House fell two votes short of approving Lynch 's language , 186-188 . The chamber voted to send the legislation to a committee to be considered further . Others state have implemented same-sex marriages . Interactive : States that allow same-sex unions " In April , the Iowa Supreme Court ruled unanimously that it is illegal to discriminate against same-sex couples by denying them the right to marry . The first gay marriages in the state took place April 27 . The District of Columbia voted May 5 to recognize same-sex marriages performed elsewhere , though it does not itself give marriage licenses to same-sex couples . But that measure faces a potentially large hurdle : being sent to Congress for a review and vote , setting up what would amount to a straight up-or-down vote on same-sex marriage . Because Washington is not a state , its legislation must pass congressional muster . Some measures approved by overwhelmingly Democratic Washington voters , including a restrictive gun law and a proposal decriminalizing medical marijuana use , have been vetoed by Congress in recent years . In New York , Gov. David Paterson introduced legislation in April to make same-sex marriage legal . "  The time has come to act . The time has come for leadership . The time has come to bring marriage equality to the state of New York , " the Democratic governor said . The legislation would allow same-sex couples in the state to enter into civil marriages and enjoy the same rights afforded to heterosexual married couples . A similar bill died in the state Senate in 2007 . Gay rights advocates in nearby New Jersey have said they believe that the state could be the next to pass same-sex marriage into law . Although the state already recognizes civil unions for gays and lesbians , its legislature will have to take up the issue . Meanwhile , recent CNN polling has shown that a slim majority of Americans are against legal recognition of same-sex marriage . Fifty-four percent of Americans questioned in an April 23-26 CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll said that marriages between gay or lesbian couples should not be recognized as valid , but 44 percent said they should be considered legal . But there was a large gap between the opinions of younger and older people , with younger people far more likely to approve of gay marriage . Nearly six in 10 people ages 18 to 34 said same-sex marriages should be legal . Just over four in 10 people ages 35 to 49 agreed , and the number was similar for 50 - to 64-year-olds . Only 24 percent of people 65 and older agreed . The survey 's sampling error was plus or minus 3 percentage points . And the marriage debate is also changing for some Republicans , who have long opposed same-sex marriages . In a speech April 17 to the conservative gay-rights group Log Cabin Republicans , Steve Schmidt -- an architect of Republican Sen. John McCain 's 2008 presidential campaign -- said that allowing same-sex marriage is in line with the conservative credo of keeping government out of people 's private lives . "  There is a sound conservative argument to be made for same-sex marriage , " said Schmidt , who was McCain 's campaign manager . "  I believe conservatives , more than liberals , insist that rights come with responsibilities . No other exercise of one 's liberty comes with greater responsibilities than marriage . In a marriage , two people are completely responsible to and for each other . " Schmidt says he knows that his is a minority view . In the presidential campaign , McCain ran against same-sex marriage . McCain 's own daughter Meghan recently said the Republican Party needs to embrace issues facing gays and lesbians -- most notably , approving of same-sex marriage . Although moderates such as Schmidt and Meghan McCain approve , opposition is coming mainly from the party 's base : conservatives . And the fight among conservatives and religious groups will probably heat up as more states begin to examine marriage rights . CNN 's Dana Bash , Alan Duke , Peter Hamby , Laurie Segall and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Same-sex marriage is legal in four states , mostly in New England Activists across the country may push for ballot initiatives or legislation Poll finds that attitudes on same-sex marriage are generational
CNN  -- Severe storms hammered North Carolina on Sunday evening , but no fatalities had been reported as of Monday morning , and injuries were minor , officials said . Residents reported as many as eight tornadoes touching down -- overturning mobile homes , ripping out trees and plunging neighborhoods into darkness . Survey crews were meeting with local officials throughout the state to get a clearer picture of the storm damage , said Ernie Seneca , spokesman for the North Carolina Department of Crime Control and Public Safety . There were reports of damaged houses and downed trees , but injuries were limited , he said . "  It looks like people heeded the warning to seek shelter when the storm came , " he said . "  It really did sound like a train . It was pure noise , " said William Schlaeppi , who lives on a farm in High Point , North Carolina , where the National Weather Service reported damage to at least 20 homes . "  I literally watched my fields disappear in front of me under a wall of water -- circular , spinning water . " A broad band of severe thunderstorms Sunday brought heavy rain and hail , and prompted tornado warnings from Florida to Virginia , the weather service said . A tornado touched down in Oakland Park , Florida , just north of Fort Lauderdale , between 8 and 8:30 a.m. Monday , said Tyrone Mosley , a weather service specialist . There was debris but no immediate report of injuries , he said . In North Carolina , at least eight unconfirmed tornadoes were spotted along the Interstate 85 corridor between Charlotte and Greensboro on Sunday evening . Metal roofing was ripped off an industrial building in Belmont , west of Charlotte , littering nearby trees with clumps of yellow insulation . News14 : Spencer residents survey damage after storm Multiple mobile homes were overturned in Linwood , outside of Lexington , and at least three people were reported injured . And what looked like a huge funnel cloud loomed over High Point , near Greensboro . "  It 's been a very active evening for most of central North Carolina , " said Julia Jarema , spokeswoman for the state 's Division of Emergency Management . The storms caused power outages throughout the state , but because of the multiple bands of storms , "  things are changing so rapidly , we have n't been able to confirm numbers , " Jarema said Sunday night . Is severe weather happening near you ? Send photos , video Local law enforcement reported another tornado north of Greensboro , the weather service said . The storm also produced 70-mph winds and hail as large as baseballs . Late Sunday , High Point emergency management officials were going house to house to check for injuries . Schlaeppi said he spent much of the night in his darkened house , going out with his neighbors to clear downed trees whenever the rain let up . CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras contributed to this report .	NEW : No fatalities reported , injuries were minor after severe weather Sunday Tornado touched down Monday morning in Oakland Park , Florida ; no injuries reported Eight unconfirmed tornadoes spotted along North Carolina 's Interstate 85 corridor Roofing ripped off building west of Charlotte ; 3 hurt , homes damaged outside Lexington
CNN  -- Hong Kong and Singapore attract the most international travelers , according to the latest Euromonitor Top 100 City Destinations Ranking . The London-based marketing research firm , which released its 2012 report this week , spent more than a year analyzing data from official sources . Asia Pacific cities dominate the list with six of the top 10 and 32 of the top 100 spots . Twenty cities are from Western Europe . Hong Kong 's popularity comes largely thanks to its northern neighbors . Chinese visitors make up 63.5 % of the city 's inbound visitors , up 11.1 % in 2012 compared with 2011 . According to Euromonitor , international arrivals to Hong Kong would be static without this group . China 's October 2013 ban on shopping tours may result in a decrease in Chinese visitors to Hong Kong and Seoul  another prominent retail city  , the report stated . Euromonitor predicts that by 2017 , China will be the leader in international departures followed by Germany and Russia . Currently , Germany , the United States , UK , China and Russia are the top five countries for international departures , according to Euromonitor . Meanwhile , Chinese cities are struggling to attract visitors . Shanghai , Beijing and Zhuhai ranked low in 2012 because of a slowing economy , strong yuan and pollution , said Euromonitor 's report . Disputes over the Senkaku/Diaoyu Islands have further discouraged tourists from Japan , once a top source of tourism to China . Top city destinations by arrivals and growth 1 . Hong Kong -- 23,770,200  6.5 % 2 . Singapore -- 21,345,700  7.7 % 3 . Bangkok -- 15,822,600  14.6 % 4 . London -- 15,461,000  2.3 % 5 . Macau -- 13,360,800  3.4 % 6 . Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia -- 13,339,500  6.7 % 7 . Shenzhen , China -- 12,100,400  9.6 % 8 . New York City -- 11,618,000  8.9 % 9 . Antalya , Turkey -- 10,296 , 600  -1.6 % 10 . Paris -- 9,780,800  3.3 %	Asia Pacific cities hold six of the top 10 spots and 32 of the top 100 Hong Kong 's top ranking is largely due to large tourist numbers from mainland China Euromonitor predicts China will be the largest source of international departures by 2017
Beijing  CNN  Native to a remote region of China , this tiny mammal , known as the Ili pika , does n't know it 's a member of an endangered species -- and neither do most people . Rarer -- and some would argue cuter -- than the panda , there are less than 1,000 of these teddy bear-like creatures living in the Tianshan mountain range in the Xinjiang region of northwestern China , says conservationist Li Weidong . Li discovered the pika , formally known as Ochotona iliensis , in 1983 and named it after his hometown , Ili . Last July , Li spotted and photographed the elusive creature for the first time since the early 1990s . He estimates its numbers have declined by almost 70 % since its discovery . "  I discovered the species , and I watched as it became endangered , " he told CNN . "  If it becomes extinct in front of me , I 'll feel so guilty . " In 2008 , the animal was listed as endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature but there 's no official organization or team dedicated studying or protecting it , according to Li . The mammal , only 20 centimeters long , lives on sloping bare rock faces and feeds on grasses at high elevations . Li says the pika 's habitat has been affected by global warming . Due to rising temperatures , glaciers have receded and the altitude of permanent snow has risen in the Tianshan mountains , forcing the pikas to gradually retreat to mountain tops , Li said . Ili pikas were originally found at elevations between 3,200 to 3,400 meters , he said . Now they have retreated to elevations of 4,100 meters . "  They have nowhere else to retreat , " he added . It 's also a solitary animal and is not as vocal as other pika species , so if predators are near , Ili pikas are not able to alert each other , Li said . Disease may also be a factor in its decline . In 1983 , when Li first came across the mammal , nobody knew what it was . Two years later , Li found another two and it was declared a new species . In the decade following , Li and his colleagues conducted a number of studies , including a census at 14 different sites . However , in 1992 , Li left Ili to work with Xinjiang Academy of Environmental Protection in the regional capital Urumqi . No studies were conducted on Ili pika in the following decade . No one saw the pika , either . In 2002 and 2003 , Li , with a team of volunteers , conducted a fresh census . Despite spending 37 days searching the mountains for the pikas on seven separate trips , they came up empty handed . However , by analyzing droppings and snow tracks , Li , along with Arizona State University biologist Andrew Smith , was able to conclude that the Ili pika population had seen a dramatic decline . Together they calculated that there might be 2,000 mature animals , down from 2,900 in the early 1990s . The research , published in 2005 , recommended that the animal should be listed as endangered . In 2007 , Li retired early to throw himself into searching for the pika . Last year , he organized a group of 20 volunteers to conduct another survey with infrared cameras . This time , on the second day of the field trip , they finally spotted a pika , who jumped and stepped over Li 's feet while he was trying to photograph it . The volunteers dubbed it a "  magic rabbit . " They concluded that there were fewer than 1,000 Ili pikas , said Li . "  This tiny species could be extinct any time , " he said . "  They do n't exist in the sites where they used to be anymore . " Li funds the research with himself , along with donations and occasional grants from organizations like the World Wide Fund for Nature . He says he has spent more than $ 32,000 of his own money over the past three decades and he has to raise funds to pay for gas . But what upsets Li most is n't the lack of funding . It 's the lack of official recognition for the Ili , and other pikas ' plight . The Ili pika is n't included on China 's List of Wildlife under Special State Protection -- part of the country 's 1988 Wildlife Protection Law . The Department for Wildlife and Forest Plants Protection , under the Ministry of Forestry , said it was in the process of updating the list but declined to give any further details . Li and his volunteers have been calling for the establishment of a nature reserve to help protect the animal . "  I 'm almost 60 , and soon I wo n't be able to climb the Tianshan Mountains , " he said . "  So I really hope that an organization will have people study and protect the Ili Pika . "	There are less than 1000 Ili pikas in existence , says Li Weidong It was photographed for the first time in two decades last year
Eric Harroun , an Army veteran from Phoenix who was accused of fighting alongside al Qaeda-affiliated militants in Syria -- and then freed after pleading guilty to a lesser charge -- has died , according to his family and officials in Phoenix , Arizona . Maricopa County spokeswoman Cari Gerchick confirmed his death and added that the county 's medical examiner was scheduled to conduct an autopsy on Thursday . According to his family , 31-year-old Harroun died Tuesday of an apparent overdose . The family did not elaborate beyond saying on a Facebook page toxicology reports would provide more information . The former soldier , who served with the Army from 2000 to 2003 , was arrested in March 2013 and charged with conspiring to use a rocket propelled grenade while fighting with the al-Nusra Front , an alias name for the terrorist group al Qaeda in Iraq . Harroun allegedly posted videos on the Internet showing him with weapons . In September , Harroun pleaded guilty to a lesser charge to avoid a possible sentence of 30 years to life if convicted of the more serious offense . Harroun had spent six months in federal prison in Alexandria , Virginia , including time in solitary confinement , and a federal judge sentenced to time served . He was then released from custody . The case presented U.S. attorneys with the challenge of prosecuting an American citizen for fighting alongside a U.S. designated terrorist organization , despite the group 's alignment with American interests . The U.S. , like the Jabhat al-Nusra Front , both opposed the rule of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Harroun 's attorney , Geremy Kamen , said this week that , to his knowledge , Harroun 's case was unprecedented . Kamen noted that an FBI agent testified that there was no evidence of Harroun was involved in any terrorist activities .	Eric Harroun initially was charged with fighting alongside group affiliated with al Qaeda The former U.S. soldier pleaded guilty to a lesser charge , was released in September Harroun , from Phoenix , died Tuesday , according to his family and authorities
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Another player has entered the immigration battle as the Justice Department sues Arizona over its new immigration law . And the reason the fight is centered in Arizona is that reform has failed in Washington . Like the characters in "  Hot Tub Time Machine , " reformers are stuck in 1986 . That 's when Congress passed , and President Reagan signed into law , the Immigration Reform and Control Act , which married border control and the legalization of millions of illegal immigrants . Reformers today are misguided to seek a similar "  grand bargain " on immigration . History shows 1986 was an anomaly , and the desire to get everything for a controversial group typically gets nothing . But there 's hope : A few in the movement have begun to see that getting meaningful action will require small steps and "  mini-bargains . " How did we get here ? The Immigration Reform and Control Act , the bill resulting from the 1986 grand bargain , proved to be a spectacular failure . Although it legalized 3 million people , the border and enforcement provisions were toothless . By 2009 , the Department of Homeland Security said there were 10.8 million illegal immigrants in the United States -- nearly matching the population of Ohio . Reformers today still try to link legalization of the vast majority of resident illegals with stronger enforcement mechanisms -- just as they did in 1986 . But the 1986 grand bargain taught today 's immigration restrictionists a simple lesson : Do n't make any more grand bargains . Many in Congress will not support mass legalization unless the enforcement mechanisms are proven to work . That could take years . Nearly all Republicans and many Democrats will vote against legalization because their most vocal constituents oppose benefits to those they see as morally unworthy . Illegals , they say , violated the law and American sovereignty , put American security at risk and then took American jobs . The way forward out of the stalemate should start the way all policy starts that benefits unpopular groups : Target the most deserving . Modern civil rights policy started small in a 1941 Roosevelt executive order : No discrimination against African-Americans working in defense industries . Big changes start with small steps . Similarly , immigration reformers must start with the strongest claims to legalization : students and soldiers . Hundreds of thousands of kids are undocumented because their parents brought them here . The best students in cities such as Los Angeles , California -- high achieving , polite and outgoing , and as accent-free as any suburban kid -- often turn out to be illegal immigrants . They did n't choose to break any law , but their legal status leaves them with no opportunities . Thousands more young people are willing to fight with the United States military , but can not . Sens. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , and Richard Lugar , R-Indiana , introduced the "  DREAM " act in 2009 to offer legal status to these young people who were brought here as children and finished college or two years of military service . Starting reform with DREAM would target the most deserving of the undocumented . Supporters of comprehensive reform and legalization worry that the DREAM act will take away the impetus for further reform and benefit only a fraction of the illegal immigrants in the United States . Yet the current strategy has benefited no one . Although it is true that the DREAM act will initially help only a few hundred-thousand , pro-Latino reformers should not forget the lesson of minority rights since the 1940s : Rights expand over time , covering more groups and more issues . After the students and veterans gain legalization , the next step would be their families . Family unification may be another sympathetic cause and political winner . Restrictionists point out that these students and soldiers will always be lawbreakers and should remain excluded . But they need to be reminded that 2006 's enforcement-only bill not only failed , but also provoked a firestorm of protest that makes the current demonstrations regarding Arizona 's new immigration law look like picnics . Border control and enforcement , like legalization , needs to move forward incrementally and be paired with a scaled-down sweetener : DREAM . Here , then , is the mini-bargain . Supporting the DREAM act is good politics for Republican restrictionists , who need to avoid appearing mean-spirited  which turns off independents  and anti-Latino for their electoral future . Legalization forces can get DREAM , but they must also support increased border enforcement . It is time to try something new . The pursuit of a 1986-style grand bargain is blocking the path of potential patriotic soldiers and is failing good kids -- as well as America 's future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John D. Skrentny .	John Skrentny : Immigration reformers must scale back ; they ca n't get everything at once 1986 act tying legalization and border control failed ; wo n't work today , he writes Skrentny says start with the strongest claims to legalization : students and soldiers Author supports bipartisan DREAM act , which offers "  mini-bargains " for legalization
London  CNN  -- Bamboozled by eurozone debt crisis jargon ? CNN is here to help you tell your bond yields from your banking interventions , your defaults from your haircuts . And if you need anything more explained , please submit your questions to Soundoff at the bottom of the story . Eurozone The euro is the common currency used by a bloc of nations within the European Union . The 17 states that use the euro -- including Germany , France , Italy and Spain -- form the eurozone . A further 10 EU nations -- including the UK , Sweden and Denmark -- continue to use their own currencies . Recession A recession is technically defined as two consecutive quarters of shrinking output -- or a country going backwards financially . The eurozone is currently teetering on the edge of recession , triggered in part by the crisis which has rolled on since May 2010 . A double dip recession is when a country which has been in recession enters a downturn again after a brief and weak recovery . Contagion The "  contagion effect " referred to in the eurozone crisis is the fear that one country 's financial problems will spill over to another country . This happens because the capital markets -- where sovereign bonds are bought and sold -- can be influenced by sentiment as well as the fundamentals of each country . Contagion can also occur because the more countries within the bloc struggle , the higher the cost to others of giving aid . Default Countries , or companies , default when they can no longer pay their bills on time . Defaults can come in different forms : "  Orderly " -- when investors holding the bonds can agree to take haircuts  see below  -- or "  disorderly , " where losses are unexpected and sudden . Bond yield Countries raise money by issuing sovereign bonds which are then purchased by investors . The ' "  yield " of the bonds - which can be thought of as IOUs -- is how much the investor wants to be paid to hold that bond . So , a higher yield indicates a higher risk bond . For sovereign bonds a yield of more than 7 % is considered unsustainable for any extended period of time , because a country 's earnings are unlikely to be able to cover repayments . Liquidity Liquidity is the oil which greases the world of finance . It refers to the ease at which funds -- cash , for example -- can flow through the system . A market with lots of buyers and sellers is liquid , while one without is illiquid . Haircut A haircut refers to a cut in the value of investments lenders are asked to take . For example , a 50 % haircut on an investment means you 'll get back only half of what you paid . Investors in Greek bonds have been asked to take a haircut on their debt . It would be in their interest to do so if they thought the value of the debt could drop further in the future . Investors can also be asked to swap bonds maturing soon for longer dated ones which would pay out at a much later date . Junk The ratings agencies -- Moody 's Investors Service , Standard & Poor 's and Fitch Ratings being the big three -- award scores based on a company or country 's credit worthiness . "  Junk " refers to when that rating drops below investment grade . Once a credit rating drops below the BBB level , it is "  sub-investment " grade and is commonly referred to as junk . Eurobond Eurobonds are being suggested as a way to tie the finances of the eurozone 's 17 countries more closely . A eurobond would be a bond -- or debt which investors buy in return for yield -- backed by all the countries of the bloc . The idea remains under discussion , although it has rejected by the eurozone 's two most powerful leaders , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy . Fiscal union Fiscal unity is centered on integrated taxation and spending . The eurozone is a monetary but not fiscal union , meaning its 17 members maintain their own taxation policies and also raise money to fund themselves . However , the bloc does have a central bank -- the European Central Bank  see below  -- which maintains monetary policy . The bloc appears to be moving toward closer fiscal integration as it seeks to stem the crisis . European Central Bank The European Central Bank , based in Frankfurt , Germany , was set up in 1998 to maintain monetary policy for the eurozone under its common currency , the euro . The ECB 's mandate is to keep inflation at around 2 % or below , and ensure some level of stability for the countries that use the euro . Like other central banks , the ECB 's main tool for keeping to these targets is by raising or lowering interest rates -- a key tool for influencing financial markets . The ECB has also been actively buying the sovereign bonds of troubled eurozone economies , in the hope that it will lower those countries ' funding costs . European Financial Stability Facility The European Financial Stability Facility  EFSF  is Europe 's temporary bailout fund . It was hurriedly set up after Greece needed its first bailout in May 2010 , and has since become a key tool to combat the debt crisis . European leaders have increased its lending capacity from around    250 billion to    440 billion , and are investigating ways to boost its clout . A permanent bailout fund , the European Stability Mechanism , or ESM , should be available as early as next year . International Monetary Fund The International Monetary Fund , which is based in Washington D.C. , is an organization of 187 countries . It is designed to assist countries in financial trouble . Member countries contribute to the fund , relative to their economies , when assistance is needed . It has been a key player in the European bailouts .	The crisis in the eurozone has dominated the region 's finances and disrupted global markets The crisis has introduced financial jargon into everyday conversation CNN can help you understand your bond yields from your banking interventions
Oprah.com  -- Finding a partner in crime when it comes to navigating your love life can be challenging . Girlfriends tend to be over-supportive  "  I think he 's really into you -- it 's only been a month since your last date . Give him time to call . "  . Mom and dad can be overprotective and judgmental  "  Independent consultant is a fancy way to say unemployed . "  . And then ... there 's grandma -- a wealth of knowledge and experience , and someone who 's already landed a man once . Oprah.com : How to know it 's real love Which is exactly why Kayli Stollak , 24 , turned to her Granny Gail , 75 , when she decided to jump into the online dating scene in New York City -- especially since Granny  who lives over 1500 miles away in South Florida  is playing the digital dating game herself . As Stollak says , "  She 's a 24-hour cocktail party full of jokes , gossip , and advice . " To record their triumphs  and low points  , which they discuss almost daily over the phone , Stollak started a blog "  Granny Is My Wingman . " Oprah.com : Pacing a relationship : A step-by-step guide to getting it right Kayli and Granny share what they 've learned since they logged on : The profile mistake to avoid : Do n't skimp on the details . "  In most cases less is more , " says Granny . "  But when it comes to online dating that 's not necessarily true . " As Stollak explains : "  Initially , we did n't share enough information about ourselves or the qualities we 're looking for in future partners . We thought we were coming across as mysterious , but I think men probably saw us as vague or boring . " If it 's not working , do n't give up -- switch sites : Just as in the real world , some locations are better for meeting potential partners than others . Granny recently left JDate.com for Match.com . "  The pool of men is much smaller for people of my age and Match has more guys in my area , " she says , "  As soon as I signed on , I attracted more messages and online winks . " Project the right image : Stollak 's sister -- an OKCupid success story -- told her that people who have pictures of their faces rather than full-body shots get more clicks , so Granny and granddaughter both opt for headshots on their profile pages . Oprah.com : 11 reasons to worship your body  and his How the dating rules have changed : "  I 'm learning that men expect a woman to be more forward , " Granny says , which includes calling him . "  You have to be more aggressive , show more chutzpah , " she adds . Another observation she 's made -- especially within her granddaughter 's generation -- is that sex is now part of the program . "  I 'm not promoting promiscuity , " she says , "  But if the sex is bad , why go further ? " One thing they 'll never discuss : Nitty , gritty bedroom details . "  That would be weird , " says Stollak . The ultimate deal-breaker : For Stollak : "  A topless photo -LSB- of a potential suitor -RSB- taken in a mirror while flexing and sporting a kissy-face . I come across them way more than you 'd think . " For Granny , it 's a show-off , "  He is dead wrong if he thinks I care about the kitschy list of homes he owns , " she says . But a cheap man does n't do it for her either : "  A few months ago I was set up with an old fart who did n't want to pick me up because of the price of gas . Then he wanted to meet me at a quarter to six so we could make the early bird special , " Granny says , "  When I ordered a second glass of wine he looked at me and asked , ` Are you sure ? ' I was positive . " Orpah.com : A grandmother of 12 goes on a memorable first date The # 1 thing Kayli has learned from Granny : "  She taught me to be more relaxed and open to new encounters , " says Stollak , "  She 's always preaching that I 'm young and need to take advantage of this time in my life and the options that are out there . " The # 1 thing Granny has learned from Kayli : "  She 's always keeping a positive attitude -- I try to adopt her approach , " Granny says , "  If it 's not fun , do n't do it again , but find the humor in -LSB- the date -RSB- so we can laugh about it after . " Where they are now : Neither granny nor granddaughter have met their match . "  Some guys come off hilarious , attractive , and intelligent online , but then you meet them and they 're total duds that are clearly masters of deception and Photoshop , " says Stollak . But until they both find "  The One , " married readers can still live vicariously through their stories  and voicemails  and those still dating can know that they 're not alone . Oprah.com : Seduction instructions even a klutz can follow Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Today 's singles scene is diverse enough to include young professionals and granparents Do n't be afraid to try a different dating site if you 're not getting the results you desire Granny Gail : "  Sex is now part of the program "
New York  CNN  -- Volunteers toiled for hours on Friday cleaning mostly man-made debris from a New York coastline , the scattered religious offerings from a growing Hindu population in Queens . The group has drawn concern among local conservationists after leaving offerings -- clothing , statues , plastic flowers and other items -- along the Gateway National Recreation Area near Jamaica Bay . "  I was appalled to see the condition of the place , " said New Yorker Nagassar Ramgarib , a practicing Hindu . "  It was really disgustingly filthy . " Many defend the practice , considered a sacred Hindu tradition . Millions of worshippers leave offerings to the gods at India 's Ganges river each year . "  There are times when we feel that we need to come to the sea , to offer flowers and of course ... material things because we feel that flowers , they just go , " said Esther J. Ramdeen , a spokeswoman for the East Elmhurst temple , Shiva Mandir , who helped organize Friday 's clean-up . "  We see God in the sea , " she said . What remains is a standoff between those who insist on practicing their beliefs unfettered and environmentalists who are trying to preserve the area for local marine life . Affected by the buildup and inspired by a park ranger who helped remove debris with him several years earlier , Ramgarib returned to his temple to encourage executives and its members to visit the park and see the destruction . "  It is the sea . It is something that we as Hindus worship , " he told them , "  It is the medium that we use from this life to the after-life . " Ramgarib warned that if the area was continually polluted , his people could be banned . Kathy Krause , a supervisory park ranger of the Gateway National Recreation Area who attended the clean-up , agrees the religious practices have put definite pressure on the bay . "  It 's a rich biodiverse ecosystem but it 's definitively suffering some major environmental issues , " Krause said . These extra items left on the bay are one of its biggest threats for Jamaica Bay , a national park that 's home to more than 325 species of birds , invertebrates and sea life , Krause said . "  They release nutrients into the bay that do n't belong there , and it exacerbates the water pollution problem we have , " she said . Volunteers picking under rocks and through grass Friday filled garbage bags of bottles , coconut shells , figurines and yards of cloth , all of which the group says they will try to recycle . Ramdeen said the fabric , pulled and sometimes ripped from beneath the shoreline , is just another part of the material possessions offered to the gods . "  You see that the colors we 're picking up are very pretty colors , " she said "  and we as Hindus think that we should give God the best . " The material collected by Ramdeen 's organization is washed before being sent back to India as clothing . "  So it was kind of a recycling process , " she said of their efforts . "  It 's amazing , " Krause said of the group 's efforts . "  This just shows such wonderful turnout from the local community . "	Conservationists , park rangers concerned about water pollution Hindus say it 's religious tradition to bring items to bodies of water Cloth will be recycled , volunteer says
CNN  -- Too lazy to have a shower ? Worry no more , there 's a lotion for that . DryBath is a germ-killing gel that allows you to take a bath without using a single drop of water or soap -- all you need is to apply the gel on your skin and then vigorously rub it off using your hands . "  The special formula will cover the whole body with the cleansing gel , which will use the vigorous rubbing to lift the dirt off the skin , " explains Ludwick Marishane , the inventor of DryBath and founder of Headboy Industries . The 23-year-old entrepreneur came up with his revolutionary idea back in 2007 , during a hot winter day when he was relaxing with some friends under the blazing sun in Limpopo , northern South Africa . "  Man , why does n't somebody invent something that you can just put on your skin and you do n't have to bathe , " quipped one of his pals , complaining that he did n't feel like having a shower -- and this got Marishane thinking . Still in high school , Marishane immediately took to Google and Wikipedia to start researching creams and lotions , learning everything about their components and how they are produced . Since he did n't have a computer he carried out his investigations using his mobile phone and a few months later he 'd devised his own special formula -- at the age of 17 , Marishane became South Africa 's youngest patent-filer . Marishane , who won the global student entrepreneur award in 2011 , went on to study at the University of Cape Town and soon got his DryBath-producing business running . He says his trademarked invention can be a "  precious tool " for the millions of people lacking access to clean water and sanitation , as well as an an attractive option for corporate groups -- from airlines and hotels to gyms and even aid agencies -- who want to encourage their clients and users to save water . CNN 's African Start-Up caught up with Marishane to speak about DryBath , his plans for the future and why he does n't shower on the last weekend of September every year . CNN : How would you describe DryBath to someone who 's never used it before ? Ludwick Marishane : DryBath is a bath-substituting gel , designed to replace the need for soap , water and skin lotion . DryBath provides its users with a fun and convenient alternative to traditional bathing and showering , a precious tool for helping people to lower the excessive water use that is leading to a looming global water crisis . CNN : What are DryBath 's ingredients ? LM : It is a proprietary blend of cleansers and moisturizers that make it a uniquely viscous blend of bioflavonoids , natural emollients , and fruit acids to cleanse the skin , while preventing dryness , irritation and body odor . CNN : Can you talk about your company 's social goals ? LM : As it stands , there are almost two billion people in the world without adequate access to water and sanitation , all while people in urban societies consume an average of 80 liters of water every time they bathe/shower . It is our goal for DryBath , and other products like it , to change the way society practices personal hygiene , and to provide cheap personal hygiene alternatives to the poor . We know we can not do this on our own , and we request any and all help that anyone can provide . The easiest way to provide assistance to our cause is by participating in our annual "  DryBath No-Bathing Weekend " -- this is our strategy to allow the public to participate in helping us skip one million or more bathes/showers by skipping them for a whole weekend in September . CNN : What are the challenges you 've faced so far ? LM : The challenge our business has been facing in recent years is pricing ; we have constantly been struggling to produce and distribute the product at prices that are affordable for people in water-insecure communities -- ideally less than $ 0.10 per bathe . As a startup , we have had to create a parallel product  DryBath Premium  for the urban market -- campers/hikers , parents with kids , shared/public-shower users , etc. -- that can be sold at a reasonable margin to allow us to make the original DryBath product affordable . CNN : Which entrepreneurs do you most admire ? And what advice would you give to those aspiring to start their own business ? LM : I admire the everyday entrepreneurs -- those who sell fruits from their stall at the corner , have a great barbershop/salon , use their car as a taxi cab , etc. . They do n't do it for any glory or adoration , they just wake up every day to get the job done while still dealing with the risk of not breaking even each month . I urge all aspiring entrepreneurs to have this approach to business , because it 's what every great business -- big or small -- succeeds on . READ THIS : Teen turns $ 14 into paper bag empire READ THIS : Pizza maker ` gets Nairobi naked '	South African Ludwick Marishane has invented a bath-substituting lotion Users need to put DryBath on their skin and then rub it off with their hands Marishane says DryBath can be a valuable tool for people lacking water access In 2011 , Marishane won the global student entrepreneur award
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A vast majority of 2,500 Afghan elders voted Sunday at a traditional gathering to recommend a joint security agreement with the United States . Members attending the 4-day-long loya jirga urged President Hamid Karzai to sign it before the end of the year . Thousands of tribal elders made their way to the capital to join the loya jirga , a grand assembly , to confer on the key issue of whether or not to support the presence in their country of a limited number of U.S. troops beyond next year . Amid some skepticism , they decided it was a good idea . U.S. Secretary of state John Kerry , who finished hammering out the deal with Karzai the day before the loya jirga began , was hopeful that they would . The assembly 's decision is not binding , but Karzai has said he will follow their recommendation under one condition -- that U.S. forces do not conduct house raids . "  If US military forces conduct military operations on Afghan homes even one more time , then there will be no BSA and we wo n't sign it , " Karzai said Sunday . "  They should give assurance about this to us before I sign it . " Home raids have been one of the main sore spots between Afghans and Western military presence led by the United States . In spite of the broad backing , elders wanted to see one article changed . The current agreement gives the United States full jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed by the military on Afghan soil . Many at the loya jirga would like to see the cases prosecuted on U.S. bases in Afghanistan , so that victims and their families may have their say in court . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Afghans want alleged crimes by U.S. soldiers prosecuted at U.S. bases on their soil Most Afghan elders at the loya jirga approve of the security deal with the U.S. At a loya Jirga , elder aim to bridge divides among ethnic groups , create consensus Their decision is not binding , but Afghan President Karzai has said he will abide by it
CNN  -- What is it with juries in high-profile cases in Southern California ? Over the years , they 've become a national joke . But no one is laughing . Instead , with each travesty of justice and every acquittal that should have been a conviction , you 're left wondering just what trial these 12 folks were watching and questioning whether we should have higher standards for who sits on a jury . Sometimes , the juries in local and state courts get it wrong , and the Justice Department must step in and make it right . Think back to the acquittal in April 1992 of four Los Angeles police officers who , one year earlier , savagely beat motorist Rodney King . They walked out of a courtroom in Simi Valley , California , as free men -- sparking days of rioting , looting and violence . At the time , the conventional thinking on newspaper editorial pages and on talk radio was the jurors in that largely white suburb of Los Angeles , which was itself home to many active-duty and retired police officers , saw the police force as their line of defense against undesirables like King . So naturally , the argument went , they would cut them some slack . The officers were tried again , and convicted in federal court of violating King 's civil rights . Justice was finally served . Here we go again . There has n't been much civil unrest over what happened to Kelly Thomas , the homeless and mentally ill man who -- on July 5 , 2011 -- was beaten to death by a swarm of police officers in Fullerton , California . But now that the verdict is in , literally , on the two former officers who were charged in his death , there is plenty of outrage on talk radio , online and in other public forums . Another 12 people who swore an oath to consider the evidence and the law and make sure that justice is served appear to have gotten it terribly wrong . This week , that jury in Santa Ana , California -- a city about 30 miles southeast of Los Angeles -- produced a wave of gasps in the courtroom when it announced that it had found Manuel Ramos , who had been charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter , and Jay Cicinelli , who was charged with involuntary manslaughter and excessive use of force , not guilty on all counts . What ? The beating was caught on a surveillance tape . When you watch those 33 minutes of footage , assuming you can stomach the experience , it 's hard to believe that anyone could declare the perpetrators "  not guilty . " The surveillance camera footage shows Thomas being beaten and stunned with a Taser by police until he was unrecognizable and unconscious . You see a defenseless and compliant young man screaming in pain , saying he 's sorry and pleading for help from his father . His words will haunt you , "  Daddy , help ! They 're killing me ! " According to prosecutors , the young man suffered brain injuries , facial fractures , broken ribs and extensive bruises and abrasions . He wound up lying in a pool of blood . He died five days later . This was not a by-the-book case of police officers using all necessary force to subdue a suspect who was resisting arrest -- a suspect , by the way , who had committed no crime . This was not , as Ramos ' attorney claimed , a case of police offices simply "  doing their job " with "  no malice in their heart . " Check the video . Early on in the confrontation , Ramos appears to tell the young man who is sitting on the ground : "  You see my fists ? They 're getting ready to f -- you up ! " Another officer is heard telling a comrade : "  We ran out of options so I got to the end of my Taser and I ... smashed his face to hell . " There is the malice . This was abuse of power and an instance of bullying behind a badge . It happens more than we 'd like to think in America . But this time , it went too far . And a man died , and a family was shattered . Yet , the jury somehow missed all this ? How does this happen ? In Los Angeles , people are saying that the mentally ill are the new Rodney King . In the same way that the jury in Simi Valley was inclined to back the officers who it saw as protecting them from people like King , now the jury in Santa Ana is backing the officers who it counts on to prod people like Thomas to move along , leave the streets , and get out of sight . It 's a plausible explanation . Human beings are n't perfect , and sometimes those who sit on juries are plagued by their own prejudices -- in this case , against those who behave in erratic ways which we do n't understand . This much we can understand : Cops are supposed to protect the weak , not prey on them . Just like they 're supposed to protect all of us . The tragedy of Kelly Thomas raises a question : When police officers lose control and go from public servants to violent bullies , who will protect us from them ? In this case , there is only one answer and one place left that can right this wrong : The Justice Department . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Too many high-profile cases in California produce travesties of justice He says jury acquitted two ex-cops in malicious beating death captured on video He says case showed abuse of power , bullying behind badge ; happens too often in U.S. Navarrette : Only one place left that can right this wrong : The Justice Department .
CNN  -- John Isner has defeated Nicolas Mahut 70 games to 68 in the final set of their first round marathon match at Wimbledon . After 11 hours and five minutes , spread over three days , the 6-foot-9 American finally broke his French opponent 's serve in the 138th game of the fifth set , putting an end to one of the most extraordinary matches of tennis ever played . The final score read 6-4 3-6 6-7 7-6 70-68 . Interviewed after the match , Isner had warm praise for Mahut . "  What can I say , The guy is an absolute warrior . To share this day with him was an absolute honor . I wish him nothing but the best . Maybe we 'll meet again somewhere down the road and it wo n't be 70-68 , " Isner told the BBC . Mahut described the last three days as an amazing experience . "  The Crowd was fantastic , John deserved to win , " he told the BBC . Immediately after the match ended , officials from the All England Club presented both players with momentos for their record-breaking feat . The players then posed for a photograph by the scoreboard , alongside match umpire Mohamed Lahyani . A huge crowd greeted the players as they returned to Court 18 a little after 2.30 pm GMT , Thursday , with spectators and press lining the walkways above the court . Isner , serving first , took the opening game of the day , but Mahut followed up by holding his serve to level the match 60 games all . The match quickly resumed the pattern established on Wednesday with each player rarely looking in trouble on their own serve . The pair battled on for a further 20 games before Isner , who served a record breaking 115 aces during the match , triumphed . The pair had already made history on Wednesday contesting the longest grand slam singles match of all time . It was called off for the day due to bad light at 59 games all in the fifth and deciding set after 10 hours of action . During their marathon fifth set , the pair surpassed the previous record of six hours and 33 minutes set at the 2004 French Open , when Fabrice Santoro beat fellow Frenchman Arnaud Clement 6-4 6-3 6-7 3-6 16-14 . Isner had match point at 59-58 , but Mahut saved it with an ace and went on to level again . The match had also been stopped on Tuesday night due to bad light . "  This is beyond anything I 've ever seen . It 's absolutely amazing , " Defending champion Roger Federer told reporters , Wednesday . "  I have almost no words anymore watching this . I do n't know how their bodies must be feeling . This is incredible tennis . Someone has to lose , but in this match both will be winners , " Federer added .	John Isner beats Nicolas Mahut 70 games to 68 in final set of first round Wimbledon match Match is the longest in terms of time at 11 hours and five minutes and also games contested Isner and Mahut tied at 59 games all in fifth and final set when bad light stopped play Wednesday American Isner hit world record of 115 aces
CNN  -- A decade after Elizabeth Smart 's kidnapping ended , she is sharing intimate details of her 9-month-long nightmare . Smart , now 25 and married , spoke to CNN 's Anderson Cooper Monday about her book "  My Story , " which she said tells 100 % of what happened to her . "  I did n't just want to go 10 % and sugarcoat the rest , " Smart told Cooper . "  I wanted it to be really what happened and what it was like every single day I was there , because I do n't think I 'm doing anyone any favors by sugarcoating it . " Her motivation for opening up is the realization that people do n't often acknowledge the "  just staggering " fact that one in four girls and one in six boys are sexually abused before age 18 . "  I want to reach out to those survivors and those victims , " Smart said . "  I want them to know that these things do happen , but that does n't mean that we have to be defined by it for the rest of your life . You can move forward and you can be happy . " Abused but alive : Lessons for Cleveland 's survivors Smart 's abduction Smart 's horrific story began on the night of June 5 , 2002 , when Brian David Mitchell dragged the 14-year-old from her bedroom in her family 's Salt Lake City home . "  To me , in my bedroom is the ultimate place in safety , " she said . "  I mean , I felt like that was the safest place in the world for me , so waking up in the middle of the night in my own bedroom having this strange man standing over me , someone I did n't recognize , not only that but having a knife being held to my throat , I was terrified . I had grown up in a very happy home and I really did n't know what the definition of fear was until that moment . That brought whole new meaning . " The street preacher threatened the child unless she left with him quietly , she said . "  He said ' I have a knife at your neck , do n't make a sound , get up and come with me , ' " Smart told Cooper . "  And then I remember getting up and going with him , and then on the way through my house he bent over to my ear again and said ` If you make any sound , if you do anything that causes any attention or causes someone to come , I not only will kill you , but I will kill anyone who tries to stop me . ' " Smart described the first hours of her ordeal , when she was "  praying so hard for an escape . " "  I kept looking , I kept waiting for something to happen , for some way for me to get away , " she said . "  I kept looking and it did n't happen . When I did n't see an escape route , I thought ` Oh , my goodness , I 'm going to be raped and then I 'm going to be murdered , because that 's what happens to all of the other kids I 've ever seen on the news who had been kidnapped . " Mitchell forced her to hike with him for hours that morning , away from her home , she said . "  I remember stopping him and asking him ` Well , if you 're going to rape and kill me , could you please do it here ? ' because , in my mind , I wanted my parents to know what had happened to me , " she said . "  I wanted them to know that I had n't run away , that this was n't my choosing , I was n't upset with them . I wanted them to know what had happened to me . " Mitchell 's response was chilling . "  I remember he just looked back at me and said , ` Oh , I 'm not going to rape and kill you yet . ' And then we kept going and I remember we got a little further and I stopped him again and I said ` Well , do n't you realize what you 're doing , I mean , if you get caught you 'll spend the rest of your life in prison ? ' And he looked at me again and he said , ` Well , I know exactly what I 'm doing and I know what the consequences are . The only difference is I 'm not going to get caught . ' " After several hours , they arrived in a mountainside camp where Mitchell 's wife , Wanda Barzee , was waiting . "  I was terrified when I got to the camp , but the scariest thing about the camp was this woman , " she said . "  I remember she came out and she had on robes and she had on a headdress and she came up to me and she hugged me . But this hug was not comforting . I mean , if hugs could speak this hug would have said , ` You 're mine , you will do exactly what I tell you to do . ' " Lessons from ` America 's Most Wanted ' : Never give up Nine months of terror The constant sexual abuse by Mitchell began that day . "  The next nine months , my days consisted of being hungry , of being bored to death because he talked nonstop always about himself , " she said . "  I mean , talk about self-absorbed . And then my days consisted of being raped . I mean , not just once , multiple times a day . " While Smart 's story is about hope and survival , the details are filled with despair . "  Every time I thought ` OK , this is rock bottom , ' I mean , my pajamas have been taken away from me and I 'm being forced to wear this nasty robe , the next thing I knew they 'd say , ` We 're going to have you go naked now , ' or I had been forced to drink alcohol , which I had never done before , " she told Cooper . "  I would throw up and I would pass out and when I 'd wake up I 'd find that my face and my hair was just crusted to the ground in vomit . I mean , just every time I thought it could n't get worse , something always happened . " Smart said she eventually decided she would be a survivor and she would get back to her family . Smart 's rescue on March 12 , 2003 , was followed by second-guessing by people who wondered why she had n't escaped on her own . Why had she told a detective who talked to her at a library that she was not the kidnapped girl ? In 2011 : Judge sentences Smart kidnapper to life in prison Smart : Never judge a victim "  You can never judge a child or a victim of any crime on what they should have done , because you were n't there and you do n't know and you have no right just to sit in your armchair at home and say ` Well , why did n't you escape ? Why did n't you do this ? ' I mean , they just do n't know , " she said . "  That 's wrong . And I was 14 . I was a little girl . And I had seen this man successfully kidnap me , he successfully chained me up , he successfully raped me , he successfully did all of these things . What was to say that he would n't kill me when he 'd make those threats to me ? What was to say that he would n't kill my family ? " The second half of Smart 's interview with Cooper , in which she reveals details of how she was rescued , will air on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " Tuesday night . Smart will speak at Penn State 's sex abuse conference Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Smart says book tells "  what it was like every single day I was there " "  My days consisted of being raped ... not just once , multiple times a day , " she says Smart says she decided to be a survivor and get back to her family Second installment of the interview airs on "  Anderson Cooper 360 " Tuesday
A shooting instructor is dead , the victim of a gun-range accident . A 9-year-old girl is surely traumatized . And plenty of people , including many gun enthusiasts , are asking : Why give a child a submachine gun to shoot ? The deadly incident occurred Monday morning at a gun range in Arizona that caters to Las Vegas tourists , many of whom drive an hour from the gambling center to fire high-powered weapons . Charles Vacca was accidentally shot in the head as he instructed the 9-year-old girl how to fire an Uzi , an Israeli-made 9mm submachine gun . As she pulled the trigger , the gun jumped out of her left hand toward Vacca , who was standing beside her . "  To put an Uzi in the hands of a 9-year-old ... is extremely reckless , " CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes said . Gun experts contacted by CNN on Wednesday said young children should be taught to shoot with single-shot firearms rather than submachine guns . They also said that safe learning is connected to the ability and experience of the instructor . "  It 's always the supervision , " said Greg Danas , president of Massachusetts-based G&G Firearms . "  But you also have gun enthusiasts running businesses where they place firearms in the hands of the uninformed , whether they 're 9-year-old kids who are not capable or adults . It all stems from gun enthusiasts running businesses that require a level of professionalism and education . The unexpected with firearms is something that 's only learned through years of being a trainer , not a gun enthusiast . " Representatives of the gun range declined CNN requests for comment on the incident . But Sam Scarmardo , who operates Bullets and Burgers , told CNN affiliate KLAS on Tuesday they "  really do n't know what happened . " "  Our guys are trained to basically hover over people when they 're shooting , " Scarmardo said . "  If they 're shooting right-handed , we have our right-hand behind them ready to push the weapon out of the way . And if they 're left-handed , the same thing . " Vacca had his right hand on the girl 's back and his left hand under her right arm when he was shot . Opinion : Why is a 9-year-old firing an Uzi ? Danas questioned why the instructor in Arizona was standing immediately to the left of the Uzi , which would have recoiled in that direction . "  It 's an awful shame , " he said . "  He should n't have been to the left side of the gun ... But that child should not have been shooting anything other than a single-shot firearm . " Danas , whose daughters are 11 and 13 , said his girls learned to shoot when they were 4 years old , with a single-shot , .22 - caliber pistol . Fuentes , who was a firearms instructor while he was with the FBI , said students are taught to fire in three-round bursts . It 's not like in the movies where somebody shoots 30 rounds nonstop , he said . "  You 're going to lose control . " The wrong gun ? Greg Block , who runs California-based Self-Defense Firearms Training , said not only was the Uzi the wrong gun to use -- "  That 's not a kid 's gun " -- but that instructors should stand to the rear and to the right of the shooter . "  He was literally in the line of fire , " Block said of the instructor . "  He did pretty much everything wrong , and I do n't like saying that because it cost the man his life . " Steven Howard , a Michigan-based gun expert who runs American Firearms & Munitions Consulting , said it was difficult to comment based on the limited information available about the Arizona shooting , but added that the clip on the submachine gun should not hold more than three rounds during instruction . "  Teaching people machine gun 101 , even with adults , even with people going through military training , the first few times they shoot machine guns you do n't have them shoot a full freaking clip , " he said . "  The thing begins to fire and it begins to jump and buck all over the place . Your first human instinct is for your hands to clamp down , and you clamp down on the trigger and if the thing has a 32-round magazine ... it starts spraying all over and people get killed . " Some Uzi submachine guns can be modified to control the powerful recoil . Howard said some submachine guns can be used to train children . "  It can be done under the right circumstances , " Howard said . "  There are some machine guns that I could have trained my 8-year-old on . " The website of Bullets and Burgers , the shooting range where the accident happened , says children between the ages of 8 and 17 can shoot a weapon if accompanied by a parent or guardian . Kids and guns : What 's your parenting style ? No charges to be filed Chief Deputy Mohave County Attorney Jace Zack told CNN on Wednesday that prosecutors did n't foresee criminal charges . The Mohave County Sheriff 's Office said the girl was with her parents . The three reside in New Jersey . Asked about the culpability of the girl 's parents , he said : "  We have considered the parents , but if anyone was culpable it would be the instructor for putting a deadly weapon in her hands . " Authorities said the death was being handled as an industrial accident , with state occupational safety and health officials investigating . The federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives also was notified . An autopsy on Vacca was completed but the cause and manner of death were pending , according to Colleen Pitre , a representative of the medical examiner 's officer . She would not say how many times Vacca was shot . Video shows fatal shooting In Arizona , cell phone video released by authorities Tuesday shows the moments before the fatal shots were fired , CNN affiliate KLAS reported . In the video , Vacca and the girl are at an outdoor range . The wind blows a target in the distance . Vacca shows the child how to hold the gun and then helps her establish her grip and her stance . She fires one round and dirt flies above the target . Vacca adjusts the Uzi , places his right hand on her back and his left under her right arm . She fires several rounds in rapid succession and the gun kicks to the left as she loses control . Experts said an Uzi can fire five rounds one third of a second . The video ends before the fatal head shot . In releasing the video , authorities did not identify who made it . Vacca was married and well-liked , KLAS said . He was an active member of the California National Guard since May 1995 , National Guard spokesman Brandon Honig said . The range says on its Facebook page : "  We separate ourselves from all other Las Vegas ranges with our unique ` Desert Storm ' atmosphere and military style bunkers . " Bullets and Burgers is part of a tourism niche offering packages costing up to $ 1,000 to shoot different high-powered weapons . The range offers bachelorette parties , birthdays and weddings events . It is one of at least a dozen gun ranges in the Las Vegas area catering to tourists from around the world . "  This tragedy illustrates how you never know what could happen , and we really do need to use common sense when thinking about when a child can have access to a weapon like that , " said Michael McLively of the California-based Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence . Child dies at gun show In the Massachusetts incident , former Pelham Police Chief Edward Fleury was found not guilty in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter in the 2008 death of 8-year-old Christopher Bizilj , who was firing the micro Uzi when he accidentally shot himself in the head at a gun show Fleury helped organize . The boy died instantly . Fleury also was acquitted of three counts of furnishing a machine gun to a minor . Christopher 's father , Charles Bizilj , was present at the time of the shooting and videotaped the entire incident . Parts of that tape were shown to the jury , which also heard emotional testimony from the father . "  I ran over to him . His eyes were open and I saw no reason for him to be on the ground , " Bizilj told members of the Hampden County jury . "  And I tried to talk to him and he did n't respond . I put my hand behind his head to try to pick him up and there was a large portion of his cranium missing . And I put my hand against the back of his head . "	Experts question whether girl should have been handling a submachine gun Charles Vacca died Monday night after he was accidentally shot in the head Police said he was showing a 9-year-old girl how to shoot an Uzi Vacca was a military veteran , CNN affiliate reports
CNN  -- They came from all across America -- from Connecticut to Florida to Illinois and many points in between . One had been in the Marines for nearly four and a half years , another for just a few months . Many served in Afghanistan , earning numerous honors before making it safely back home to the United States . On Wednesday , the military released the names of the seven Marines killed Monday night during a training exercise at Hawthorne Army Depot in western Nevada . 7 killed in explosion at Nevada Marine training exercise "  Our hearts , thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of our fallen angels , " said Lt. Col. Andrew J. McNulty , commanding officer of the 1st Battalion , 9th Marine Regiment . Those killed are :  Lance Cpl. David P. Fenn II : The Polk City , Florida , resident joined the Marines in June 2010 and was promoted nine months later . In that time , he 'd deployed to Afghanistan where -- among other honors -- he earned a NATO Medal-ISAF Afghanistan and Afghanistan Campaign Medal . The mortarman was 20 .  Pfc. Joshua M. Martino : The 19-year-old from Clearfield , Pennsylvania , was a mortarman in the regiment . He joined the Marines in July , but already had earned the National Defense Service Medal and Global War on Terrorism Service Medal .  Lance Cpl. Roger W. Muchnick , Jr. : Muchnik , 23 , hailed from the southwestern Connecticut town of Fairfield , and ended up in Afghanistan as a mortarman with the 1st Battalion , 9th Marine Regiment . Like his fallen colleagues , he amassed a host of honors in his military career , such as the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal and Sea Service Deployment Ribbon .  Cpl. Aaron J. Ripperda : At 26 , Ripperda was the most senior of those killed Tuesday , both in his age and rank . The Madison , Illinois , resident joined the Marine Corps in September 2008 , with his latest promotion to corporal coming in April 2011 . Among his numerous honors were a Navy Unit Commendation and a Humanitarian Service Medal .  Lance Cpl. Joshua C. Taylor : The Marietta , Ohio , resident , 21 , was a teenager when he joined the Marines in June 2010 . In 2011 , the decorated mortarman was promoted to lance corporal -- the same year he deployed to Afghanistan as part of Operation Enduring Freedom .  Lance Cpl. Mason J. Vanderwork : Another mortarman with a host of medals to his name , the 21-year-old Vanderwork was from Hickory , North Carolina . He , too , served in Afghanistan and accumulated a number of medals along the way .  Lance Cpl. William T. Wild IV : In October 2010 , the Anne Arundel , Maryland , resident joined the Marines . By December 2011 , the mortarman had earned his new rank -- and he also earned a number of recognitions , such as the Combat Action Ribbon and Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal . He was 21 . Authorities still do n't know how the men died . McNulty said Wednesday they know only that the "  60 mm mortar system failed to function as designed , " and are trying to find out why . Hawthorne Army Depot , about 140 miles southeast of Reno , is used for storing ammunition and weapon stocks awaiting demilitarization . The facility also provides high-desert training facilities for military units . The night after the incident , the Marines issued a statement saying that 60 mm mortar rounds and tubes used to fire them are being pulled pending the investigation . In addition to the dead , eight servicemembers were injured in the explosion . The Wednesday night update from the Marines indicates that a Navy Corpsman remains "  very seriously injured , " while five others are "  seriously injured " and two Marines have been treated for minor injuries and released . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Mike Mount and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	Those killed hail from seven states One has been in the Marines since 2008 , another joined a few months ago 8 were injured in the explosion , one of them "  very seriously , " the Marines said Authorities still do n't know why the mortar system "  failed to function as designed "
Moscow  CNN  -- In an apparent attempt to address popular discontent following the recent parliamentary elections in Russia , President Dmitry Medvedev announced sweeping political reform in his fourth -- and last -- annual state-of-the-nation speech Thursday . Medvedev said he hears those "  who are talking about the need for change " and understands them , agreeing that "  all active citizens should be given a legal opportunity " to play a larger role in the country 's political life . Speaking before the newly elected parliament members in the Kremlin 's St.George Hall , Mevdedev proposed that Russia return to direct elections of regional governors , simplify the registration of political parties and presidential candidates , and establish a new editorially-independent national public TV channel . In essence , Medvedev called for lifting many of the political restrictions imposed in the past several years by his predecessor , Vladimir Putin , Russia 's current prime minister and the Kremlin candidate for the March 2012 presidential elections . In addition to the modernization of Russia 's political system , Medvedev announced a number of new anti-corruption measures and called the redistribution of power and financial resources from the federal government to local governments across the country . At the same time , he rejected widespread public criticism of the parliamentary elections December 4 , which were reportedly marred by fraud and other irregularities , and blamed anti-Kremlin opposition figures for their "  attempts to manipulate the people and foment social discord . " "  We will not allow instigators and extremists to involve society in their reckless schemes , nor will we tolerate interference in our internal affairs from the outside , " Medvedev said . "  Russia needs democracy , not chaos . We need to have a faith for the future and justice . It is a good sign that society is changing , and citizens are expressing their position more actively , setting legitimate demands to the authorities . It is a sign that our democracy is growing more mature . " On December 10 , tens of thousands of people across Russia turned out to protest the election results that returned Putin 's ruling United Russia party to power , but with a smaller majority . Police estimated crowds in Moscow at 25,000 , while organizers said at least twice as many participated . In either case , the protests were the largest in the past two decades . Claiming the results of parliamentary elections were rigged , protesters chanted "  Putin out . " A similar protest is scheduled to take place in Moscow next Saturday . Despite a mostly positive reaction to Medvedev 's speech , a number of opposition figures have told Russian media his latest proposals would n't have have been made , had there not been a strong public demand for change . And , they said , he still did n't address the issue of what the authorities are planning to do about the recent alleged voting fraud , as well as whether fair and free elections are guaranteed in the future .	Medvedev calls for a larger role for citizens in politics Recent protests in Moscow focused on what some say were rigged parliamentary elections Putin is running for president again in 2012
CNN  -- England took a big step towards a Six Nations Grand Slam with a 17-9 win over defending champions France at Twickenham on Saturday , in which Jonny Wilkinson regained the record for the most points in international rugby . Coach Martin Johnson 's team clinched a third successive victory in this year 's competition courtesy of fullback Ben Foden 's only try of the match two minutes after halftime , with the scores level at 9-9 . Replacement fly-half Jonny Wilkinson then gave England an unassailable eight-point lead with a 51st-minute penalty that took the 31-year-old Toulon player back above New Zealand 's Dan Carter on 1190 overall . Defeat for France ended coach Marc Lievremont 's hopes of achieving a second successive Grand Slam . Will French barbs derail England 's rugby revival ? Unbeaten England next play host to Scotland on March 12 , and victory at Twickenham will see the team able to clinch a first Grand Slam crown since 2003 in the closing match in Ireland . "  It was a good performance in that we did n't play well in the first half , but we were able to change our game in the second period and we could have had three tries , " Johnson , who was captain of that World Cup-winning side eight years ago , told reporters . "  It was n't as spectacular as our win over Italy a fortnight ago but I am very happy with the win . " Both teams converted three penalties in a tense first half , as England 's Toby Flood and his French counterpart Dimitri Yachvili both registered a trio of successful kicks . The crucial moment in the match arrived early in the second half after Yachvili 's attempted clearance was charged down , resulting in a five-meter scrum . Winger Mark Cueto attempted to advance beyond the French try-line before the ball was fed to Foden , who touched down to put England 14-9 ahead . "  I think the English are better than us at the moment . We 're very fragile , " Lievremont told AFP . "  I think and I hope that they win the Grand Slam this year . "  For me they are the best team in the northern hemisphere at the moment . The path to the Grand Slam is open to them . " In Rome , Wales registered a second success of the 2011 tournament with a 24-16 defeat of Italy at Stadio Flaminio earlier on Saturday . The hosts started well and went ahead in the fourth minute when center Gonzalo Canale went over , before Warren Gatland 's side responded with two tries from winger Morgan Stoddart and flanker Sam Warburton . The reliable kicking of fly-half Stephen Jones helped Wales open up a 10-point advantage with the score at 21-11 . Argentina-born Italy captain Sergio Parisse registered a try for the Azzurri after 50 minutes , but Wales held on to secure the win .	England defeat France to keep alive hopes of a Six Nations Grand Slam success Fullback Ben Foden scored the only try of the match in England 's 17-9 victory Replacement Jonny Wilkinson sealed win as he regained points-scoring record Wales survive an Italy fightback to triumph 26-14 win in Rome earlier on Saturday
CNN  "  India 's Daughter , " the BBC Four documentary about the infamous 2012 gang rape in Delhi , premiered in the U.S. last week . If you have n't seen it , you have likely heard selections from the film 's interview with Mukesh Singh , who is on death row for the crime . "  A decent girl wo n't roam around at nine o'clock at night . A girl is far more responsible for rape than a boy , " he says . "  When being raped , she should n't fight back . She should just be silent . " Certain other men interviewed for the documentary say such things as , "  In our culture , there is no place for a woman " and that if a daughter or sister "  engaged in pre-marital activities ... I would put petrol on her and set her alight . " Note : Those men are not rapist-murderers . They are their lawyers . Many  I 'd like to think most  of us cringed at these comments and their garishly clear misogyny . But these words were not just a window into one uniquely deranged soul . Let 's be clear : Singh is just reading -- perhaps more loudly and cruelly than others , but still -- from a cultural script we all share . Yes , we all . Perhaps your first thought when you heard or read those words was , "  Violence against women is really bad ... in India . " And in many ways , of course , it is . Reports this weekend of a robbery at a Christian school in eastern India , in which , officials said , one of the assailants allegedly raped a 70-year-old nun , add to the narrative . But as unfathomable as this brutality is , we must resist the temptation to presume some sort of American violence-against-women exceptionalism , making others the bad guys while crowing about "  how far women have come " in the United States . Or to say , "  Sure , we still have issues , but not like that . " I know that temptation is there . Our global human rights organization , based in the U.S. and India , works to inspire individuals and institutions to drive the culture change needed to make violence against women unacceptable . When I describe our work -- including our campaigns and issues in both countries and beyond -- the questions people ask often reveal their at least initial assumption : that we here in the U.S. are working solely to stop violence against women in India . Yet we do have issues in the U.S. , issues "  like that . " We have mass murderer Elliot Rodger , who before he killed six people and injured 14 others in Isla Vista California last year , wrote his own 137-page version of that same misogynist script . We know from "  The Hunting Ground , " documentarian Kirby Dick 's film about sexual assault on college campuses -- also now in theaters -- that multitudes of women , and many men , have had violated their right to an education free from violence . We know that women are leaving the tech industry , Wall Street , and Internet feminism in droves due to untenable discrimination and violence . We know that women  and people of all genders  are assaulted by strangers and intimates every day . And what of the response ? As Zak Cheney-Rice noted , discussing "  India 's Daughter " in Mic.com , "  from India to the U.S. , citizens and officials alike display a troubling inclination to sympathize with rapists and vilify their victims . " A United Nations report released last week , marking the 20th anniversary of the landmark women 's rights conference in Beijing , confirms that  as The New York Times put it  "  violence against women -- including rape , murder and sexual harassment -- remains stubbornly high in countries rich and poor , at war and at peace . " Everywhere . We ca n't relegate such violence to "  the other , " to the "  not here , not us , not me . " To do so is not only incorrect , it is damaging . Yes , we must be concerned for the human rights of all the world 's citizens . Yes , violence against women varies in form and degree . But to imagine that violence against women happens only , or mostly , "  somewhere else , " is exactly what keeps the culture of violence alive at home . Concern for others does not absolve us of responsibility for ourselves . Likewise , the extreme actions or words of a few marquee misogynists , wherever they live , do not absolve us . We must all ask ourselves : To what degree do we repeat those scripts , or stay silent when we hear them from others ? Our actions , and inactions , fuel the culture from which both extreme and everyday violence and discrimination emerge . We can not furrow our brows about India , or any of those "  others " -- abusive men in fraternities , for example -- and be done . Indeed , "  India 's Daughter " premiered in the U.S. with the intent of drawing attention to gender inequality and sexual violence worldwide . So let 's bring about the day when the next buzzworthy documentary is about the women and men and allies of all genders who have stepped up , together , to say no more : not in my home , not in my school , not in my country , not anywhere .	Phoebe Schreiner : We react in horror at comments in BBC doc where India rapist says women err in fighting back But she says Americans should look inward at their own tolerance for violence against women , demonstrated in sobering assault stats Schreiner : We dodge accountability for misogyny and sexual abuse in our own culture by focusing on countries that are "  the other "
CNN  -- Lucky fans were treated to the first ever footage from upcoming teen dystopic film "  Divergent " at Comic-Con yesterday . The primary cast of the film , as well as director Neil Burger  "  Limitless "  and book author Veronica Roth , spoke about the film 's potential as the so-called next "  Hunger Games " and offered hints about what 's to come from the franchise . The futuristic film stars Shailene Woodley as a teenager named Tris who is forced to decide between the societal faction her family belongs to and the one she feels is right for her . It will be released in theaters on March 21 , 2014 . Woodley , who finished filming only two days prior to Comic-Con , is already preparing for the wash of fame that will follow should the movie be a success . Harrison Ford talks ` Ender 's Game ' "  I did audition for ` The Hunger Games ' back in the day , " Woodley told reporters at a press conference on Thursday , July 18 . "  Jennifer Lawrence actually helped me with ` Divergent ' because I asked her to tell me how her life has changed from going from small indie movies to something as big as ` Hunger Games . ' And she gave me really beautiful advice saying how much she appreciated it and how much it 's changed her life in positive ways . She really helped me on this journey . " The actress cited filming the book 's integral scene on Chicago 's famous Navy Pier -- Ferris wheel as her favorite moment in the film -- as well as one of her favorite moments in her life . The big-budget , action-based picture is a far cry from some of Woodley 's previous roles , which include "  The Descendents " and next month 's "  The Spectacular Now . " For the actress and her co-stars , many of whom are largely unknown actors , "  Divergent " was a chance to experience new methods of filmmaking . "  Green-screen acting is by far way more difficult than human interaction , " Woodley said . "  I 'd never done a movie of this scale before with themes that are somewhat different than the world we live in today . So it was challenging for me I found because I had to erase my previous notions of acting , which is generally reacting off of somebody else , and create a new world and adapt my style of artistry to what we were doing . " An adaptation of the series ' second book , "  Insurgent , " is expected for 2015 . Roth said she has been present on set and feels that the film remains true to her original text . The author confirmed that the final book , "  Allegiant , " will be written from two perspectives : Tris and her love interest Four , who is played in the film by Theo James . But since the third book in the series will be released October 22 , 2013 , the actors and filmmakers still do n't know the final fate of the characters . "  Not everyone on this panel lives , " said Miles Teller , who plays Peter , as he motioned to the 10 cast members at the press conference . "  But I 'm excited . " ` Kick-Ass 2 ' : Not your average sequel	Dystopic "  Divergent " is said to be the next "  Hunger Games " Star Shailene Woodley asked Jennifer Lawrence for advice Comic-Con panel breaks the news "  not everyone lives "
New Delhi , India  CNN  There 's no shortage of politicians in India . But the capital of the world 's largest democracy appears set to hand over the reins of power to an activist . New Delhi votes this weekend to elect a new state administration . In the race for the city state 's top job are two anti-corruption protesters -- Kiran Bedi and Arvind Kejriwal . Both were comrades-in-arms some four years ago when a massive anti-graft movement swept the country . They also share a common background as civil servants . Now , the two stand as rivals to rule the state of New Delhi , the center of India 's politics . Prime minister Narendra Modi 's Bharatiya Janata Party  BJP  has handpicked Bedi , a former policewoman , as its candidate for the city 's chief minister . In this , it sidestepped old , political loyalists . The move , analysts say , was calculated . In New Delhi , the BJP is faced with stiff competition not from career politicians but from Kejriwal 's two-year-old Aam Aadmi  Common Man 's  Party or AAP . The upstart group of activists stunned the country 's politics when it surged to a close second place in city elections in 2013 . Kejriwal , a former tax official , became the capital 's chief minister after he struck a coalition deal with the Congress party that his AAP had pushed to the third spot in the legislature . With that , the BJP lost the opportunity to govern New Delhi despite winning the largest number of seats . "  This time , it has taken the pulse of voters . It has fielded Bedi , an activist without a political record , as its face in the capital . This completes the setting by pitting an activist against an activist . One of them is going to make it , " said K.G. Suresh , a New Delhi-based political commentator . Kejriwal 's stint as New Delhi 's chief minister lasted 49 days , when he resigned after New Delhi lawmakers from other parties rejected an anti-corruption bill his government proposed last year . His short term was marked by his trademark activist-type sit-ins and run-ins with electricity and water utilities over tariffs . Critics labeled him a quitter for resigning prematurely . And his party flopped in last year 's national elections . Still , Kejriwal remains a darling of a large section of New Delhi voters divided along layers of economic classes facing day-to-day problems in the congested city , observers say . Known for his populism , the 46-year-old maverick is seen to be successfully tapping into his constituency of lower-income groups . His AAP has promised 500 new schools , 20 new colleges , greater investment in public transport and tens of thousands of new public toilets in the city of more than 17 million people . "  His support base among the middle-class and the elite may have eroded for quitting office abruptly last time , but he appears to have the backing of economically-weaker communities because of his promises , " says Suresh . Kejriwal and Bedi were two of the main strategists of the 2011 anti-corruption agitation that rattled the then federal government of India 's oldest Congress party . During those demonstrations , Bedi rose to prominence after her scathing attacks on politicians and flag-waving made her a central figure . Then , hundreds of thousands of Indians hit the streets to protest endemic graft and called for cleansing the nation 's political system . A winner of Asia 's premier Magsaysay award , Bedi has a history of courting public attention , which has made her a household name in India . As a young traffic officer , she was nicknamed "  Crane Bedi " for her clampdown on wrongly-parked cars . She also received international acclaim for reforming Tihar jail , India 's largest prison complex , after taking over as its inspector-general in 1993 . As the candidate for BJP , Bedi faces a close contest against Kejriwal . But the Congress party appears out of the picture and headed for its worst-ever defeat in New Delhi , according to opinion polls released this week . As front-runners for chief minister , both Kejriwal and Bedi have vowed to make the city safer . The fatal attack and rape of a student in a moving bus in 2012 brought international spotlight on New Delhi and its public safety . In its election manifesto , AAP has promised a million CCTV cameras across New Delhi and free wifi . The upcoming election in India 's capital megacity is also billed as a popularity test for prime minister Modi . His grand rise to national power last May is often called the Modi wave . The prime minister has received praise for his reform-minded initiatives and impressive oratory . At the same time , his BJP and affiliate Hindu groups have come under fire for sporadic Hindu-Muslim clashes over the past few months in parts of the country . Also , Modi 's party is in a minority in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Indian parliament . That limits his efforts to push his economic agenda . Winning states in the coming years is therefore crucial for Modi 's government as regional lawmakers play a key role in electing the upper parliament members .	Two activists vie for New Delhi 's top job Both were comrades-in-arms some four years ago during massive anti-graft movement Election also tests India 's PM Narendra Modi 's influence
CNN  -- The world has a new alliance to save vanishing frogs , toads and salamanders . A frog swims in a pond in Munich , Germany , in June . A coalition of organizations established the Amphibian Survival Alliance this month to conserve species threatened by deadly fungus , habitat loss , pollution , pesticides and climate change . The scientists said amphibians are the world 's most threatened group of animals . Though they thrived on Earth for more than 360 million years , one in three of the 6,000 recognized amphibian species are now at risk of extinction and as many as 122 species have gone extinct since 1980 , according to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature 's amphibian specialist group . "  The world 's amphibians are facing an uphill battle for survival , " said James Collins of Arizona State University , co-chairman of the group . He said the new alliance , formed at the Amphibian Mini Summit at the Zoological Society of London , will focus efforts on the biggest threat to amphibians : infectious disease and habitat destruction . The group includes amphibian specialists working in the wild as well as those in zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens worldwide . "  Amphibians have so much to offer humans , " said amphibian specialist Simon Stuart . "  Many have an arsenal of compounds stored in their skin that have the potential to address a multitude of human diseases . " But as amphibians die out , so do opportunities to develop new medicines , he said . The southern gastric brooding frog , for instance , could have led to the development of a treatment for human peptic ulcers had it not gone extinct , Stuart said . "  We simply can not afford to let this current amphibian extinction crisis go unchecked , " he said . Andrew Blaustein , who began documenting amphibian declines two decades ago , said the loss of species was part of an overall biodiversity crisis . "  Amphibians seem to have been hit the hardest of all vertebrate species , " said Blaustein , a professor of zoology at Oregon State University . "  The long-term ecological repercussions of their decline could be profound , and we have to do something about it . "	Amphibian Survival Alliance aims to save threatened frogs , toads , salamanders One in three of 6,000 recognized amphibian species at risk of extinction , group says 122 amphibian species have gone extinct since 1980 , group says Amphibian species could help in development of medicines , scientist says
CNN  -- As Manchester City 's delirious fans spilled onto the pitch to revel in their team 's remarkable English title win on Sunday , the celebrations also kicked off thousands of miles away in Abu Dhabi . In one cafe in the United Arab Emirates capital , some fans stood and danced , one even leaped onto a table , while others simply smiled contentedly as they puffed on their shisha pipes . City 's dramatic 3-2 win over Queens Park Rangers was beamed to an estimated global audience of 4.7 billion in a powerful advert for just why Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan splashed out $ 320 million to buy the English Premier League club in 2008 . The title was won at the Etihad Stadium . The players wore shirts emblazoned with the Etihad Airways logo -- the Abu Dhabi-based airline . The title-clinching goal was scored by record $ 62 million signing Sergio Aguero in the dying seconds of the game . It was , in short , the brightest indicator yet of the Middle East 's growing influence within European football . "  For a lot of the people here , they say that they did n't even follow the Premier League until Manchester City was bought by the Abu Dhabi group , " reported CNN 's Leone Lakhani in Abu Dhabi , "  so you can imagine they 've been extremely happy with the results the entire year . "  It elevates the country 's emergence as a major sporting power . " Owner Sheikh Mansour , a member of the country 's ruling family , was n't at the stadium on Sunday -- he has been to only one match at the Etihad -- and has n't yet commented on the club 's first title win in 44 years . But it was Sheikh Mansour who invested more than $ 600 million on players like Aguero , Yaya Toure and Carlos Tevez , and helped the perennial underachievers beat neighbors Manchester United to the title on goal difference . The incredible images on Sunday delivered the message on his behalf . Etihad Airways , which carried a message of congratulations to City on its website on Monday , reportedly paid more than $ 600 million for stadium naming rights and shirt sponsorship over 10 years , but the benefits are huge . "  When you win national and international titles , the exposure to a very , very relevant target audience for us could n't be better , " Peter Baumgartner , chief commercial officer of the airline , told CNN . While so many European countries are in financial difficulties , it is n't just Abu Dhabi taking advantage of football 's global appeal . Dubai airline Emirates has a high-profile stadium and shirt sponsorship deal with Arsenal , and the Dubai-based Royal Emirates Group took over La Liga club Getafe last year . Getafe managed an 11th-place finish in Spain , seven places behind the league 's other Middle Eastern-owned club , Malaga . Sheikh Abdullah Bin Nassar Al-Thani , a member of the Qatari royal family , bought out Malaga in 2010 when the modest club had never finished higher than seventh in the top flight . Veteran Dutch striker Ruud van Nistelrooy helped the club to a fourth-place finish this season and a place in the Champions League qualifiers . Emboldened by the country 's shock winning bid to host the 2022 World Cup , Qatar has since worked on spreading its influence across Europe . Qatar Sports Investment  QSI  reportedly paid $ 220 million over five years to put the Qatar Foundation name on Barcelona 's shirt , but it is in France where the tiny natural gas-rich nation is really making its presence felt . QSI took over Paris Saint-Germain last summer , hoping not just to awake a sleeping giant of the French game but to create a new European powerhouse . "  This is our strategy to bring PSG on long term to be one of the biggest in the world , " club president Nasser Al-Khelaifi told CNN in March . To that end , PSG brought Brazilian Leonardo on board as sporting director , paid a French record $ 56 million to sign Javier Pastore and hired Carlo Ancelotti as coach . PSG might miss out on the league title -- trailing Montpellier by three points with one game remaining -- but the potentially exciting end to the season at least justifies al-Jazeera 's investment in the Ligue Un domestic television rights at a reported    510 million a year until 2016 . Al-Jazeera also has the international rights to the league , as well as most of the UEFA Champions League rights in France from 2012 , and there are even suggestions that the broadcaster could make a bid for the UK rights for the English Premier League . It is all designed to establish Qatar as a global sporting power , which the country hopes will be confirmed in 2022 when it hosts the biggest single-event sporting competition in the world . The growing appeal of Qatar 's domestic league has also been highlighted in recent times , with former Spain and Real Madrid striker Raul swapping German Bundesliga side Schalke for Al-Sadd in the Qatar Stars League . For now , though , it is Abu Dhabi in the spotlight as it joins the blue half of the city of Manchester in joyous celebration .	Manchester City 's title win celebrated in Abu Dhabi , home of the club 's owners Club was brought out by member of Abu Dhabi royal family in September 2008 Sheikh Mansour has spent estimated $ 600 million on players alone since then Qatar and Dubai also making their presence felt in European football
Taipei  CNN  It 's midnight in the capital of Taiwan . While some people are slowly walking home through the neon-lit streets , or getting ready to hit the club scene , others are on their way to a more unusual nocturnal hangout -- a bookstore . The Eslite store in central Taipei opens 24 hours and has more night owl visitors than most Western bookstores could dream of during their daytime hours . Here , young and old sit side-by-side on small steps or around reading tables , deeply engrossed in literary worlds . Others stand and some sit on the floor , all reading in hushed silence as soft classical music seeps out from the speakers . "  People in Taipei do many things by night , " says Wan Hsuan Chang , a teacher who sits on a step in the middle of the store , skimming through the children 's classic "  When Marnie Was There " by Joan G Robinson . "  You can go to the night market , shopping or nightclubbing . I read , " she adds , before telling me to keep my voice down . "  There are people trying to concentrate on their books here . " Trend dodger The Eslite Group , that runs the five-story store , opened its first branch in Taipei in 1989 . Today , 25 years on , the company runs 42 stores in Taiwan , one in Hong Kong and has ambitious plans to expand in China . The chain 's rise comes at a time when bookstores in the United States and Europe are struggling to survive , with some forced to shut down due to growing pressure from online competitors like Amazon . In the United Kingdom , a third of all independent bookstores have closed down in the last decade , according to the Booksellers Association . And the last major book retailer in the U.S. -- Barnes & Noble -- is shutting stores as its management struggles to meet the challenges from its digital rivals . Eslite has hit upon a concept to dodge this trend -- making the store as much a place for books as it is for design , fashion and home styling , small cafes and restaurants . It reported revenue of around $ 425 million in 2013 , with books accounting for some 40 percent of sales , according to company spokesman Timothy Wang . Sales are expected to increase by almost eight percent this year . Hipsters and bookworms The mix of literature and design has made the store a hangout for hipsters as well as bookworms , allowing the company to shrug off the challenges of the digital age . "  It is our belief that the more digital the society  becomes  , the more we treasure the warmth of the interconnection , " Wang says . "  This core idea makes Eslite barely impacted by the changes of the industry . " In some stores , books and products are displayed next to each other at the same table . The 24-hour store at Dunhua Road has five floors , each dedicated to different categories , like fashion , music , food or events . The top floor is all books . Chia Hsiang and Huang Yu Han , two friends from Taipei , are typical customers . They sit in the bookstore caf sipping hot chocolate and coffee and plan to spend the night gossiping . But why here and not just a bar or restaurant ? "  It 's a cool place , a bit like Soho in New York , " Huang says . "  Many cool people hang out here . Some come here to read , others just to kill time and meet friends . It 's like a place for modern culture and it 's close to some of the best nightclubs and bars . " Online , many reviewers say the bookstore is a great place to pick up girls or guys , although none of the people I spoke to confessed to that . Censorship ? It has also become a magnet for tourists visiting the island , some from the mainland China in search for literature banned under the Communist Party 's strict censorship . One of every four visitors to Taiwan visits an Eslite Bookstore , according to the firm . However , Eslite has come under fire over allegations of self-censorship as it gears up to tap the Chinese market . Earlier this year , the company reportedly stopped selling sensitive books about Tibet and human rights issues , possibly in an attempt to appease Chinese authorities becoming uncomfortable ahead of the planned new stores in Shanghai and Suzhou . The company denied the allegations and I found books by both Wang Lixiong and Tsering Woeser , the supposedly banned dissident writers . It 's also not clear whether the company will be able to replicate its 24-hour model outside Taiwan where the bookstores have become a cultural phenomenon . The chain 's Hong Kong store revised its round-the-clock schedule after a month-long trial , although it still opens until 11pm on weekdays and midnight on Friday and Saturday . Counter-intuitive ? Eslite 's success may seem counter-intuitive especially when it seems most late-night visitors treat it like a library , leaving empty handed after hours of free reading . Eslite 's Timothy Wang claims that the business is successful because it creates "  a friendly environment " and treats "  books as well as the visitors with great hospitality . " That 's good news for Tom Chen , a 30-year-old police officer reading about global manufacturing trends on a recent Friday night . Going out to drink alcohol is too expensive , while reading books at the store is free , he explains . "  I love this place . I come here every weekend . "	Bookstore chain in Taiwan thrives while stores elsewhere fold Main store opens 24 hours , attracting hipsters as well as bookworms Company has ambitious plans to expand in China
CNN  On Sunday , at almost the same moment that dozens of world leaders linked arms and led millions of people through the streets of Paris to commemorate the 17 victims of last week 's terror attacks in France , explosives carried by two young girls ripped through a mobile phone market in the northeastern Nigerian town of Potiskum . The blasts , which killed three people besides the bombers and injured 46 more , came just a day after another bomb , strapped to a girl described by witnesses as about 10 years old , exploded in a busy market in the city of Maiduguri , killing at least 20 people . While coming in widely divergent settings , thousands of miles apart , the attacks in France and Nigeria were both motivated by an Islamist extremist ideology that rejects a modern world shaped by political , economic , and social liberalism -- and in the case of Boko Haram , whose name can be roughly translated as "  Western  education is forbidden , " also abhors scientific progress . To achieve this end , no deed is too brutal or tactic too low , as is underscored both by the recent actions of Boko Haram and the posthumously posted video by the gunman who killed four hostages in a kosher grocery store near Paris . The difference has been that while there has been an outpouring of solidarity for the French victims and pledges of international solidarity for France 's stand against violent extremism , nothing similar has been forthcoming for Nigeria 's fight against the growing power of Boko Haram , at least not since the ephemeral and largely ineffectual global social media phenomenon of the #BringBackOurGirls campaign last year . This is despite the fact that over the course of recent months , Boko Haram has proven itself to be as much of a threat to international peace and security as the so-called Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , which has received so much attention . In fact , as Jamestown Foundation terrorism analyst Jacob Zenn has pointed out , Boko Haram 's videos show a troubling convergence between the Nigerian militants and their ISIS counterparts not only in terms of symbolism and ideology , but also insurgency doctrine . Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau , for example , first expressed "  support " for the ISIS caliph , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , this past summer . Meanwhile , Boko Haram has added the jihadist black banner to its logo and the ISIS anthem to the musical repertoire on its videos . In one recent video , Shekau even seemed to declare that he is establishing his own "  Islamic Caliphate " and greeted his "  brothers " in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Somalia , and Yemen , as well as "  the Caliphate in Iraq and Syria . " Even more worrisome than Boko Haram 's extremist ideology and gruesome terrorist acts should be the increasing military sophistication demonstrated by the Nigerian militants . Alas , while it is largely ignored by American and European leaders and only sporadically covered by major media outlets , Boko Haram has been steadily gaining ground in its war against Nigeria . As I wrote several months ago , Boko Haram has , like ISIS , clearly moved beyond one-off asymmetric attacks to sophisticated military operations resulting in the assimilation of increasingly large chunks of territory , successfully overrunning and now effectively controlling large portions of three states in northeastern Nigeria -- by some estimates , a total area larger than the Netherlands , Belgium , and Luxembourg combined . Boko Haram 's territorial base has been used by the group as a staging ground for what has become a steady campaign of terrorist attacks , like the past weekend 's suicide bombings , which regularly hit more than half a dozen other Nigerian states as well as neighboring countries like Niger , many of which are already under significant pressure from militants linked to al Qaeda 's North African affiliate . Niger 's President Mahamadou Issoufou has even gone so far as to declare to the newsmagazine Jeune Afrique that "  the Islamic State is at our door . " By some estimates , more than 10,000 people in Nigeria alone have died as a result of Boko Haram-related violence in 2014 , while more than 1.5 million others have been displaced . Just last week , the militants stormed Baga on the shores of Lake Chad , one of the last towns in the region remaining in government hands , reportedly killing more than 2,000 civilians . Moreover , the militants are showing increasingly advanced conventional military capabilities , in contrast with the demoralized Nigerian military forces they square off against . In early September , for example , the group shot down a Nigerian attack jet that was operating against it and captured the pilot , whom it later apparently beheaded , according to a video obtained by The Associated Press . What makes the threat from Boko Haram all the more significant is the political and economic context of Nigeria , Africa 's most populous country and the largest economy on the continent . The West African country is in the midst of a hotly contested general election , including a rematch presidential race between incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan and former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari , with votes to be cast just a month from now . No doubt Boko Haram , which rejects democratic politics along with other "  infidel " ideas , will take advantage of the campaign and voting process to step up attacks . It is hard to imagine how the threat could not have an impact on the vote . In Paris on Sunday , police and military forces fanned out across the French capital , meaning there was a reasonable sense of safety for marchers . In Nigeria , even if the country deployed every last soldier and policeman , it would barely be able to put one security officer at each of its polling stations . And , as if this were not bad enough , declining oil prices have slashed Nigerian government revenues , substantially diminishing the resources available to defeat the extremists in battle and win the subsequent peace with social and economic development of an area whose long-running marginalization helped give rise to the insurgency in the first place . It does , of course , go without saying that both the Nigerian political class and its military , with all their attendant pathologies , bear responsibility for the dire situation the country finds itself in . But that fact alone should not absolve the international community of its obligation  and self-interest  in helping to tackle the growing threat posed by Boko Haram -- any more than legitimate concerns about generally lackluster leadership by French President Franois Hollande and the French political elite 's failure to deal squarely with the potential for radicalization among segments of the country 's marginalized Muslim population prevented world leaders from showing their support for France in recent days . As the Roman Catholic archbishop of Jos , Nigeria , pleaded on the BBC recently , "  We need that spirit to be spread around ... Not just when it happens in Europe , but when it happens in Nigeria , in Cameroon . " In the struggle against Islamist extremism and for peaceful coexistence and progress , it is time the international community recognized there is no place for a tale of two cities .	J. Peter Pham : Boko Haram makes significant territorial strides Its attacks show growing military sophistication , he says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Taliban is claiming responsibility for an attack Friday on a convoy of U.S. Consulate vehicles in northwest Pakistan , saying it was in retaliation for the killing of Osama bin Laden . A car bomb targeted the vehicles in Peshawar , killing one person and wounding 11 others , police said . The bombing is the latest in a series of attacks in the nation following a raid this month by U.S. commandos that left the al Qaeda leader dead . In a telephone call to CNN , a Taliban spokesman said the remote-controlled car bomb attack was also retaliation over ongoing military operations targeting the militant group . The car bomb , packed with 50 kilograms  110 pounds  of explosives , detonated as the consulate cars passed by in Peshawar , said Liaqat Ali Khan , the police chief . It was unclear whether the vehicles were stationary or moving at the time , he said . The blast killed a motorcycle rider passing by , said Ibrar Khan , a Peshawar police official . The motorcyclist was identified as a local resident , and he was not a suicide bomber , Khan said . But a U.S. Embassy spokesman said it was a suicide bomber , who detonated himself next to one of the two vehicles in the convoy as it was making its way to the consulate . The blast injured two U.S. government employees , said spokesman Alberto Rodriguez . He said the employees suffered minor injuries . Nine others , described as bystanders , were wounded in the blast , Khan said . Peshawar is about 90 miles west of the capital , Islamabad . CNN 's Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : The Taliban says the attack was an act of revenge over the killing of bin Laden NEW : The bombing kills one and wounds 11 , including two U.S. employees The bombing comes less than a month after U.S. forces kill the terror leader Police say the car bomb was packed with 50 kilograms of explosives
Washington  CNN  -- Maryland 's highest court has ruled that a lesbian couple married out of state can legally file for divorce , even though Maryland 's own same-sex marriage law does not take effect until next year . The issue is whether states without legalized same-sex marriage can recognize gay or lesbian weddings outside their borders . The appeal involved a Prince George 's County couple , Jessica Port and Virginia Anne Cowan . "  Maryland courts will withhold recognition of a valid foreign marriage only if that marriage is ` repugnant ' to state public policy . This threshold , a high bar , has not been met yet , " the seven state Court of Appeals justices said in their 21-page opinion . "  The present case will be treated no differently . " The couple were married in a 2008 civil ceremony in San Francisco , during a short window when California recognized same-sex marriage . A voter referendum in California later outlawed same-sex marriage , but a federal appeals court recently ruled against that ban . It said such a ban was unconstitutional and singled out gays and lesbians for discrimination . The case appears to be headed to the U.S. Supreme Court . The couple , who did not have children , settled in suburban Washington . They eventually separated and filed for divorce in Maryland when their relationship went sour , their attorneys have said . But a Maryland judge denied the couple 's filing , ruling in 2010 that the divorce could not be recognized under the current state constitution . The "  same sex marriage in which parties hereto participated is not valid pursuant to Maryland law , " the judge said . "  To recognize the alleged marriage would be contrary to public policy of Maryland . " Port and Cowan appealed , and the justices unanimously ordered the county court to grant the divorce , saying that "  a valid out-of-state same-sex marriage should be treated by Maryland courts as worthy of divorce . " Gay rights group praised the ruling . "  There are many same-sex spouses who married elsewhere who now live in Maryland , " said National Center for Lesbian Rights Legal Director Shannon Minter . "  This ruling ensures that they have all the same rights as any other married couple in Maryland . This is a powerful decision that will provide enormous security and protection to thousands of families . " Susan Sommer , director of constitutional litigation at Lambda Legal , said , "  The high court of Maryland confirmed today in this divorce case that out-of-state marriages of same-sex couples are entitled to legal recognition under longstanding principles of comity , allowing this couple the same access to a divorce as other married couples whose relationships have ended . " While the case highlights state differences in the recognition of same-sex marriages , analysts have said it will probably have little influence outside Maryland because federal law allows states to ignore how other states define marriage . "  This is simply going to be a case about the Maryland state constitution , " said Mark A. Graber , a law professor at the University of Maryland School of Law . Gay rights activists say the matter often leaves same-sex couples in legal limbo when moving between states , claiming that Maryland state courts have also inconsistently ruled on issues relating to same-sex marriages . "  Divorce is never easy , but when a couple has made the decision to end their marriage , there is no reason why the state should prevent them from ending their legal relationship and moving on with their lives , " said Erik Olvera , a spokesman for the National Center for Lesbian Rights . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley signed into law a bill that allowed same-sex couples to wed. . The law , however , is n't scheduled to take effect until January 1 . The measure 's opponents have pledged to challenge it by holding a referendum during November 's election . The Maryland Marriage Alliance group says it 's gathered thousands of signatures and is approaching the threshold required to put the issue on the ballot , adding further uncertainty to the Port and Cowan case . "  If anything , it shows the nuttiness of the interim period , " Graber said of the unclear nature of Maryland state law in apparent transition . A recent public opinion poll conducted by Annapolis-based firm OpinionWorks found that a slight majority of residents would vote for repealing the new law . Of those responding , 43 % "  would vote to make same-sex marriage illegal in Maryland , while 40 % would vote to make it legal , " the poll said . The poll had a sampling error of plus or minus 4 % . "  Although this result is within the poll 's margin of error , it is the intensity of feeling among same-sex marriage opponents that causes the overall result to lean slightly towards repeal , " said Steve Raabe , OpinionWorks president . Currently , Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire , New York and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples . In February , Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire signed a bill into law that legalizes same-sex marriage , but it does not take effect until June . Opponents there have pledged to block the bill , also calling for a referendum . Five states -- Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , New Jersey and Rhode Island -- allow civil unions that provide rights similar to marriage . North Carolina residents voted this month to outlaw same-sex marriage , which was already prohibited in the state . A 1996 federal law known as the Defense of Marriage Act would not force states to recognize same-sex marriages allowed in other states . That law -- now being challenged in federal court -- was not the case in the current dispute , the Maryland high court said . "  Some states have elected not to recognize valid foreign same-sex marriages for purposes of domestic divorce proceedings , " the court said . "  Those states , unlike Maryland , expressed clear public policies . " CNN Legal Affairs Producer Bill Mears contributed to this report .	The appeal involves a couple married in California They were denied a divorce in Maryland two years ago The Maryland law is scheduled to go into effect in January
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Iran halted work toward a nuclear weapon under international scrutiny in 2003 and is unlikely to be able to produce enough enriched uranium for a bomb until 2010 to 2015 , a U.S. intelligence report says . A file satellite image shows Iranian nuclear facilities . A declassified summary of the latest National Intelligence Estimate found with "  high confidence " that the Islamic republic stopped an effort to develop nuclear weapons in the fall of 2003 . The estimate is less severe than a 2005 report that judged the Iranian leadership was "  determined to develop nuclear weapons despite its international obligations and international pressure . " But the latest report says Iran -- which declared its ability to produce enriched uranium for a civilian energy program in 2006 -- could reverse that decision and eventually produce a nuclear weapon if it wanted to do so . Enriched uranium at low concentrations can be used to fuel nuclear power plants , but much higher concentrations are needed to yield a nuclear explosion . "  We judge with moderate confidence that the earliest possible date Iran would be technically capable of producing enough highly enriched uranium for a weapon is late 2009 , but that this is very unlikely , " the report says . A more likely time frame for that production is between 2010 and 2015 , it concludes . Watch what new report says about Iran 's nuclear ambitions " Iran has insisted its nuclear program is strictly aimed at producing electricity , and the country has refused the U.N. Security Council 's demand to halt its enrichment program . Monday 's report represents the consensus of U.S. intelligence agencies . It suggests that a combination of "  threats of intensified international scrutiny and pressures , along with opportunities for Iran to achieve its security , prestige and goals for regional influence in other ways , " could persuade the Iranian leadership to continue its suspension of nuclear weapons research . Available intelligence suggests the Iranian leadership is guided "  by a cost-benefit approach , " not a headlong rush to develop a bomb , the report concludes . U.S. National Security adviser Stephen Hadley expressed hope after Monday 's announcement , but he said Iran remains a serious threat . "  We have good reason to continue to be concerned about Iran developing a nuclear weapon even after this most recent National Intelligence Estimate , " he told reporters at the White House . "  In the words of the NIE , quote , Iranian entities are continuing to develop a range of technical capabilities that could be applied to producing nuclear weapons if a decision is made to do so . " He said technology being developed for Iran 's civilian nuclear power program could be used to enrich uranium for use in weapons , and that Iran is continuing to develop ballistic missiles . Hadley said the intelligence community came to the new conclusions on Tuesday , based on information gathered over the past few months , and President Bush was briefed about them on Wednesday . He said U.S. policy toward Iran has not changed because of the new report . "  If we want to avoid a situation where we either have to accept Iran ... with a path to a nuclear weapon , or the possibility of having to use force to stop it , with all the connotations of World War III -- then we need to step up the diplomacy , step up the pressure , to get Iran to stop their so-called civilian uranium enrichment program , " he said . "  That 's our policy going forward -- no change . " Sen. John D. Rockefeller IV , chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , welcomed the news . "  The key judgments show that the intelligence community has learned its lessons from the Iraq debacle , " the West Virginia Democrat said in a statement . "  It has issued judgments that break sharply with its own previous assessments , and they reflect a real difference from the views espoused by top administration officials . "  This demonstrates a new willingness to question assumptions internally , and a level of independence from political leadership that was lacking in the recent past . " Sen. Joe Biden , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said the fact that Iran was several years away from nuclear weapons capability meant "  the international community has a significant window of opportunity in which to act to avoid the stark choice between going to war or accepting a nuclear Iran . " "  But the Bush administration has long lacked a comprehensive strategy to take advantage of this window , " the Delaware Democrat and Democratic presidential hopeful said in a statement . "  Instead of continuing its obsession with regime change and irresponsible talk of ` World War III , ' we need a policy that focuses on conduct change . " The International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. nuclear watchdog , has reported that Iran is cooperating with inspectors by providing access to declared nuclear material , documents and facilities . However , the agency also said Iran is withholding information in other areas , and as a result , the IAEA 's knowledge about the status of the program is "  diminishing . " Iran says its uranium enrichment work is allowed under the 1968 Non-Proliferation Treaty . The U.N. Security Council has passed two rounds of sanctions against Tehran , but Washington missed its goal of reaching consensus on tighter restrictions by the end of November , the State Department said last week . The report comes amid widespread accusations that the Bush administration is attempting to maneuver the United States into a conflict with Iran , which it accuses of meddling in the war in Iraq . In October , the United States designated elements of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps as supporters of terrorism . NIEs examine current capabilities and vulnerabilities and , perhaps more importantly , consider future developments . Policymakers usually request the estimates , but the intelligence community also can initiate them . E-mail to a friend	White House says new report does n't change U.S. policy toward Iran Declassified summary of intelligence estimate on Iran 's nuclear work released Estimate says Tehran is "  less determined to develop nuclear weapons " Report : Iran unlikely to have enough material for nuclear bomb until 2010-2015
CNN  -- The pilot who made a treacherous crash-landing on New York 's Hudson River look like a routine maneuver got a hero 's welcome Saturday in his California hometown . Chesley B. Sullenberger was honored Saturday with a celebration in his hometown of Danville , California . Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger put his US Airways jetliner down on the Hudson minutes after both engines failed , then walked the length of the drifting Airbus A320 twice to make certain that all 155 people on board got off safely . He was greeted by several thousand cheering people gathered around the town square in Danville , California , for a celebration in his honor . Mayor Newell Arnerich presented Sullenberger with a ceremonial key to the city , an upscale suburb near San Francisco . Sullenberger , who has avoided public comment since the January 15 incident , made very brief remarks . He thanked the crowd for an "  incredible outpouring of support . " "  Circumstance determined that it was this experienced crew that was scheduled to fly on that particular flight on that particular day , " Sullenberger said . "  But I know I can speak for the entire crew when I tell you we were simply doing the jobs we were trained to do . Thank you . " Watch Sullenberger address the crowd " Sullenberger 's wife , Lorrie , fought back tears as she spoke of her husband . "  I have always known him to be an exemplary pilot . I knew what the outcome would be that day , because I knew my husband , " she said . "  Mostly for me , he 's the man that makes my cup of tea every morning . " Investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board continue to piece together details from the double engine failure that hit the plane after it took off from New York 's LaGuardia Airport for Charlotte , North Carolina . The jet 's left engine , which apparently tore away from the plane on landing impact , was raised from the bottom of the Hudson on Friday . Sullenberger reported to air controllers that his plane had hit birds shortly before both engines shut down . On Saturday , the NTSB said a preliminary examination of the left engine found evidence of "  soft body impact damage , " the same kind of damage reported on the right engine . An NTSB spokesman said that there was no evidence of organic material such as a dead bird in the left engine but that was not surprising because the engine had been under water for a week . Although the NTSB has not officially confirmed reports of a bird strike , the agency 's findings and statements have not done anything to discount the bird-strike reports . Both engines will be shipped to the manufacturer in Ohio , where NTSB investigators will tear them down completely for examination .	NEW : Left engine shows evidence of "  soft body impact damage , " NTSB says Thousands greet US Airways pilot in Danville , California "  We were simply doing the jobs we were trained to do , " he says Investigators continue to piece together what happened
Sabha , Libya  CNN  -- A military site containing what appears to be radioactive material has been uncovered by revolutionary forces near the southern Libyan city of Sabha . Military forces loyal to the country 's National Transitional Council took a CNN crew Thursday to the site , not far from Sabha in the Sahara desert . The crew saw two large warehouses there , one containing thousands of blue barrels , some marked with tape saying "  radioactive , " and several plastic bags of yellow powder sealed with the same tape . The material has not been confirmed as being radioactive , but the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  , the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog agency , confirmed Thursday that the Libyan government had yellowcake stored near Sabha . Yellowcake is processed uranium ore that can , after extensive refining , be used to produce enriched uranium for nuclear purposes . Fighters entered Sabha , long regarded as a pro-Gadhafi stronghold , on Wednesday afternoon and met initially no resistance , officials said . Elsewhere , revolutionaries have taken control of the southwestern town of Ubari , chasing toops loyal to now-deposed leader Moammar Gadhafi from the area as Libya 's new leaders continued to gain momentum , NTC field commander Al-Amin Shtawi said Thursday . In another event likely boost to revolutionary morale , Libya 's most recent prime minister under the Gadhafi regime , al-Baghdadi al-Mahmoudi , was arrested Wednesday night in Tunisia , the government confirmed to CNN Thursday . Al-Mahmoudi was detained in Tamaghza , near Tunisia 's border with Algeria , the Tunisian interior ministry said , having entered Tunisia illegally without a visa . He was attempting to cross into Algeria at the time of his arrest , a ministry spokesman said . "  I believe the Libyan people will want to see him brought to Libya and put on trial here for his crimes under Gadhafi 's rule , " Abdul Rahman Busin , an NTC spokesman , told CNN . The NTC has not yet formally requested al-Mahmoudi 's extradition , he added . The Algerian government on Thursday also declared its willingness to work "  closely " with the new Libyan authorities , the official Algeria Press Service reported . This cooperation would benefit both countries and "  stimulate the appropriate conditions to maintain peace , security and stability in the region , " the foreign ministry said in a statement quoted by APS . Algeria had previously declined to recognize the NTC as the new government in Libya . A number of Gadhafi family members , including his wife and three of his children , fled Libya for Algeria last month . In another sign that stability may be returning to Libya , the United States reopened its embassy in Tripoli Thursday , in the former residence of the U.S. ambassador to Libya . The old embassy building in the center of the city was trashed by Gadhafi supporters in May . The military site outside Sabha , found Wednesday night , is now guarded by about a dozen lightly-armed revolutionary fighters . It does not appear to have been left unfrequented for long . Protective suits were found hanging in offices that appear previously to have belonged to the Libyan government , along with rubber gloves , devices for measuring radioactivity and various military documents . The second warehouse at the site contains rockets and old surface-to-air missiles on which the fuses have deteriorated , making them liable to explode if they 're struck . A field commander for the revolutionary forces said the NTC wanted the international community to come in , identify the suspect material and take it to a place of safekeeping . The forces fear it could cause an environmental disaster if it were to explode during fighting , he said . John Pike , a defense expert at Global Security , told CNN the elderly rockets might pose a greater threat to safety than the suspected radioactive material . The discovery of the material is not a surprise , he said , as the IAEA had established that yellowcake was at the site . The current status of the material is not known , however . A U.S. Defense Department official , who declined to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the issue , told CNN that Libya 's remaining stock of highly enriched uranium was removed from the country as of 2009 . "  We also continue to monitor Libya 's stockpile of uranium yellowcake , " the official said . "  This material would need to go through an extensive industrial process , including enrichment , before it could be used in building a bomb . Such processes do not exist in Libya . " The official said it was important that the NTC fully secured the site and that it worked to allow international monitors to return to Libya as soon as possible . Gill Tudor , a spokeswoman for the IAEA , said it could confirm that previously declared yellowcake was stored in drums at a site near Sabha . "  The IAEA has tentatively scheduled safeguards activities at this location once the situation in the country stabilizes , " she said in a statement . These "  safeguards " measures would not mean the IAEA was physically protecting the material -- a national responsibility -- but rather that it was carrying out technical checks on what was there to avoid proliferation , she said . Libya declared its previously covert nuclear program in December 2003 and Gadhafi 's government cooperated with verification efforts by the IAEA from that point on . An IAEA report from 2008 states that Libya had declared that between 1978 and 1981 it imported 2,263 tonnes of uranium ore concentrate , which was being stored at Sabha . However , plans to build a uranium ore concentration and conversion facility in the Sabha area were not carried out , the report says . The latest territorial gains by the revolutionary forces come days after the NTC received the significant milestone of being recognized by South Africa and the African Union as Libya 's legitimate rulers . Troops loyal to Libya 's new leaders have been putting pressure on several regime holdout cities in recent days . Along with Thursday 's military action in Ubari , fighters also clashed with Gadhafi loyalists in the northern town of Bani Walid and in Sirte . Ahmed Bani , an NTC military spokesman speaking in Tripoli Thursday , said revolutionary fighters had encountered mercenaries who appeared to be from Chad or Niger , and had uncovered caches of weapons and military supplies . He said most of the towns in southern Libya had been "  liberated " from Gadhafi loyalists and that revolutionary forces would continue to fight for control of Bani Walid . "  Our revolutionaries wo n't lose hope , " he said . Despite not yet having complete control over the entire country , the NTC says it is planning on how to set up a new government . Elamin Belhaj , a senior member of the NTC , told CNN Wednesday that the formation of a Libyan government will not be announced until anti-Gadhafi forces control the borders of the country and liberate the three cities of Bani Walid , Sirte and Sabha . That effort could take up to one month , he said . After liberation , the NTC will create an interim government by appointing a prime minister who will be responsible for forming the government . The prime minister will decide how many ministers will be in that interim government , but he must return to the NTC for approval of that government . That government will create a new constitution that will be put before the Libyan people for approval in a referendum . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Barbara Starr , Houda Zaghdoudi , Zied Mhirsi , Kamal Ghattas , Brian Walker , Mohammed Fahmy , Pam Benson , Jill Dougherty and Helena DeMoura contributed to this report .	NEW : Tunisia says it has detained Libya 's former prime minister under Gadhafi The U.S. has been monitoring Libya 's yellowcake stockpile , a defense official says A military site containing barrels and bags of powder marked "  radioactive " is revealed Troops have been putting pressure on several regime holdout cities in recent days
CNN  -- Indiana investigators and the FBI began combing through a western Indiana landfill Tuesday in search of fresh clues to the June disappearance of college student Lauren Spierer . The Bloomington Police Department has isolated a roughly 170,000-cubic-foot patch of garbage at the landfill and may need two weeks to sort through it , the department said in a statement announcing the search . The site holds waste transported from Bloomington , including from bins intersection where the Indiana University student was last seen . "  While working with the company that operates the landfill , Republic Services , waste that was taken from the city on and around the dates of Spierer 's disappearance was identified at the landfill site , " police said . "  That location within the landfill has remained isolated and secured since that time with no additional waste placed in the identified area . " The landfill is in Pimento , about 60 miles west of Bloomington and about 10 miles south of Terre Haute . In a statement issued through police , the Spierer family offered investigators their "  sincere thanks and appreciation for their continued support in our efforts to find Lauren . " Spierer , a 20-year-old sophomore , disappeared early June 2 after leaving a Bloomington sports bar with a male acquaintance . Police said surveillance video from an alley showed them walking toward his building around 3 a.m. Spierer 's keys were later found in that alley , but the petite blonde never made it home . One of her companion 's neighbors reported seeing Spierer leave around 4:30 a.m. , but police said they found no sign of her after the 3 a.m. sighting on any of the surveillance video they viewed from the blocks between the two buildings . In a statement posted on their website over the weekend , Spierer 's parents expressed frustration at the "  deafening silence " among her friends and acquaintances and pleaded for them to come forward with any information . "  There is no reason to think the people Lauren was last with would n't do everything in their power to help us find her , " they wrote . "  The silence compounds our frustration , our desperation and our grief in not having found Lauren , " they added . "  It threatens to be our undoing , but make no mistake , we will never give up . "	NEW : The missing woman 's parents blast her friends ' "  deafening silence " Indiana University student Lauren Spierer disappeared in June A landfill near Terre Haute holds waste from near intersection where she was last seen The search may take up to two weeks , police say
CNN  -- To all the locals who have been hoarding the following beaches , please forgive us . But c'mon , how can you really sleep at night , knowing you 're sending all those well-meaning tourists to the same old beaches with the same old towel-to-towel crowds , the same old overflowing trash cans and the same old high-rise hotels blocking the view ? Is it really fair that you keep these gifts from Mother Nature all to yourself ? So , yeah , the jig is up . As for the rest of you , you can thank us later . 50 states , 50 spots : Natural wonders Zmudowski State Beach Monterey County , California This tongue-twister of a beach  the Z is silent  has miles of dreamy sand and knock-out views of both sides of Monterey Bay , but because getting there is complicated , you often get the place to yourself . Slackers usually settle for its more accessible clones  Salinas River State Beach , Moss Landing State Beach and Marina State Beach also front Monterey Bay  . What they do n't realize is getting to Zmudowski is half the fun . It 's about 20 miles northwest of Monterey , and the last two miles are along a narrow two-lane road . Not only will you be humming a particular Beatles tune as you wind through endless strawberry fields , but you 'll make a big dent in your bird-watching aspirations . California brown pelicans , red-tailed hawks , American kestrels and western snowy plovers are just a few species that hang out with the playful sea otters in the adjoining Pajaro River estuary . During 2012 budget reductions , the state of California threatened to close this stretch of gorgeous land that was donated to the state by Watsonville schoolteacher Mary Zmudowski , but finally concluded its maintenance cost was next-to-nothing anyway . www.parks.ca.gov 29 beach photos that 'll make you drool Carova Beach Outer Banks , North Carolina By law , visitors to this remote , 11-mile beach are required to stay at least 50 feet from the wild Spanish mustangs , but nobody bothered to tell the horses , who are curious about visitors who four-wheel drive in to this spit of land straddling the Atlantic and Currituck Sound . With a delicious lack of paved roads , grocery stores , restaurants and hotels , Carova has little but wide , sand-packed beaches and a scattering of rental homes ranging from modest bungalows to million-dollar mansions with heated pools and hot tubs . It 's a perfect place to collect showpiece whelks , hike through preserved maritime woods or just set up a beach chair and chill . www.outerbanks.com Kauapea Beach Kauai , Hawaii Ansel Adams would have felt right at home at this gorgeous beach on the north shore of Kauai . With stark white sand and black lava cliffs , it 's not only a study in contrast , but it takes effort to find and get to . Whatever you do , do n't rely on Google maps , which has been known to send seekers astray . If you do find the unmarked , unpaved path , just know that it 's steep , requires a good 10 to 15 minutes to traverse and when it rains , it gets slippery and the red clay is likely to permanently stain your beach shoes . Locals tend to go barefoot . But oh , is it worth it . Located between Kalihiwai Bay and the Kilauea Point National Wildlife Refuge , Kauapea Beach offers stellar views of Moku'ae ` ae Island , Kilauea Lighthouse , a 15-foot waterfall and nude sunbathers who have taken up residence on the east end of the beach . Locals nicknamed it "  Secret Beach " and not surprisingly , there are no lifeguards or restrooms or beach umbrellas . Shade can be found toward the back of the beach near the 100-foot cliffs . Turn makai  seaward  at Kalihiwai Road  1/2 mile north of the gas station  and turn right onto the first dirt road . The trailhead begins in the plum trees . Watamu Beach Kenya There are five main reasons you 've never heard of this wide , idyllic beach on the Indian Ocean : lions , elephants , rhinos , leopards and buffalo . Most tourists associate Kenya with safari and the Big Five . But with some 330 miles of Indian Ocean coastline , that 's a gross oversight . Granted , it 's a long flight just for a beach , but why not combine a week at a Maasai Mara safari camp with one of the most interesting spits of sand on the continent ? Watamu offers all the normal sandcastle building opportunities , but there are also other unique local attractions including Watamu Turtle Watch conservation programs and the 13th century Gede ruins . Excavations of the ruins of this ancient Swahili trading village have turned up beads from Venice , a Ming vase from China , lamps from India and scissors from Spain . And , if you 're still jonesing for animals , Gede ruins are home to a troop of friendly Skye monkeys , and the Watamu Marine National Park boasts some of East Africa 's best coral . The largest spitting cobra  Naja ashei  in the world was also discovered here in 2007 . Good Harbor Bay Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore , Michigan This long stretch of sand has everything you could ever ask for in a beach : spectacular views , soft white sand , an aquamarine paint palette of Lake Michigan blue . There 's even a stream leading into the woods and a hiking trail . In fact , the only thing it really lacks is large populations of humans . Michael Norton , a PR guy who let the cat out of the bag , says locals "  who guard their secret beach rather fiercely " guiltily prefer to send tourists to the beaches at Empire and Grand Haven . Once a bustling port with a sawmill , a hotel , a saloon and a 500-foot dock , Good Harbor Beach today has nothing but scenery , overlooking the Manitou Islands , Pyramid Point and Whaleback , a glacial moraine that looks exactly like it sounds . The marked access road to Good Harbor is just off Leelanau County Road 651 . You 'll pass through the villages of Cedar and Maple City on the way . nps.gov/slbe/index.htm Keewaydin Beach Florida When developers set their sights on this 1,000-acre barrier island off Naples , locals put up their dukes and an impressive fight to keep their beloved weekend getaway free from cars , bridges , roads and high-rises . After all , this seven-mile , baby powder beach is where they go to get away from tourists . The result ? There are a few private houses on the north end of the island , but there are no hotels or vacation rentals . That 's what makes it special : You have to boat here to enjoy it . The homes on the scrub-covered island are solar powered , sit on stilts and use water caught in rain barrels . When vice-president Joe Biden rang in the New Year at his brother 's newly purchased home on Keewaydin , he and wife Jill , like everybody else , came by boat . Pristine and populated with deer , eagles , boars , the occasional panther , sea turtle hatchlings and iguanas , Keewaydin is part of the Rookery Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve . On weekends , a food boat docks on the south end to dish up icy drinks and freshly caught seafood . Godahl Beach Canouan , The Grenadines Unless you 're a 2009 Sports Illustrated swimsuit model or in Bill Gates ' income bracket , you 've probably never heard of exclusive Canouan Island . As the UK 's Telegraph recently reported , this hook-shaped island is where billionaires go to get away from millionaires . Two-thirds of the island is owned by wealthy Irish financier Dermot Desmond , who invested $ 120 million to spiff up his about-to-debut Pink Sands Club . The resort surrounds Godahl Beach , but the beaches on the other 600 acres of the island are just as beautiful and surprisingly welcoming to average Joes . So , if you can get by without a Jim Fazio-designed golf course , water spa treatments that require canoes to get there and mirrors that , with the touch of a button , turn into a TV , you can enjoy the nondeveloped part of this green hilly island that exudes a laid back Carib vibe . Isla Holbox Yucatan Peninsula , Mexico Only 100 miles from Cancun , this low-key island is a million miles away in temperament . There 's nary a parasail boat or Jet Ski in sight at 26-mile-long Isla Holbox . For that matter , you wo n't see any cars or banks or ATM 's . Just mile after mile of beautiful beaches , fishermen and a few palapas . Oh yeah , and a school of whale sharks that hang out here between June and September . The cool thing about these 30-plus foot monsters is they 're harmless and , if you ask nicely , one of the island 's 1,600 locals will take you out to swim with them . Without a cage . At the very least , you 'll want to nod at the flocks of pelicans and flamingos you 'll pass on the ferry from Chiquila . Samuel H. Boardman State Scenic Corridor Oregon Despite the lack of crowds on this string of beaches punctuating Oregon 's rugged coastline , skinny dipping is probably out . Even though it has been nicknamed Oregon 's "  banana belt " and many a daredevil has been known to swim under the majestic Arch Rock , let 's just say it 's far from balmy and anyone who does n't want to resemble a Smurf should probably stick with Gore-Tex . More than 27 miles of trails wind through 300-year-old Sitka spruces and seaside prairies in this park that was named for Oregon 's first park superintendent . Should you go , it 'll likely just be you , the seals , the whales and Mother Nature showing off her finest work on more than a dozen stretches of spectacular beach . www.oregonstateparks.org Little St. Simons Georgia On a busy day , there could be 31 other peeps on this island 's undeveloped 7-mile beach . But count it unlikely . There 's so much to do on this 10,000-acre barrier island that those interlopers , the other 31 sharing the upscale resort 's grand total of 16 rooms , are apt to be busy drooling over the food at a clam bake or stalking the more than 280 species of birds on the 20 miles of wilderness trails . Privately owned since 1760 when Swiss colonist Samuel Ougspourger bought it from King George II , Little St. Simons has been a rice plantation and , since 1908 , the personal retreat of the Berolzheimer family . Today , it 's owned by relatives of Philip Berolzheimer and Henry Paulson  yes , that Henry Paulson  . Everything 's included in the rather steep price of The Lodge on Little St. Simons Island  starting at $ 450 a day  from full moon beach picnics and cocktail cruises to face time with the on-island naturalist . Ooh-la-la all the way . www.littlestsimonsisland.com	Locals tend to keep secrets when it comes to the best stretches of shore Northwest of Monterey , Zmudowski State Beach is likely to be largely deserted Kauapea Beach in Kauai is actually called "  Secret Beach " by the locals
Washington  CNN  -- A controversial and leading U.S. general is in line to oversee the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , according to U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates . U.S. Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis -- if he wins presidential and Senate approval -- will move from being the outgoing commander of U.S. Joint Forces Command to leading the U.S. Central Command , which oversees U.S. military operations in the Middle East and Southwest Asia , including Afghanistan , Pakistan and Iraq . The command also monitors Iran . He would take over the post left open by the departure of Gen. David Petraeus , who was asked to take over command of the war in Afghanistan . Mattis was an effective leader in the Marine Corps , in the eyes of the Pentagon , while commanding troops in Iraq and Afghanistan . Known for his straight talk and hard-core leadership of Marines in the 2004 battle of Falluja , Iraq , Mattis is considered a dark-horse pick by many in the halls of the Pentagon . His blunt talk has gotten him in trouble : In 2005 he said , "  It 's a hell of a lot of fun to shoot them , " referring to Afghan fighters . Asked if the general would be an effective leader for the Central Command region with the shadow of the comments still lingering , Gates said Thursday , "  Appropriate action was taken at the time . I think that the subsequent five years have demonstrated that the lesson was learned . " "  Obviously , in the wake of the Rolling Stone interview , we discussed this kind of thing . And I have every confidence that General Mattis will respond to questions and speak publicly about the matters for which he is responsible in an entirely appropriate way , " Gates said . The Rolling Stone interview led to the resignation of Gen. Stanley McChrystal , then the commander in Afghanistan , because of negative comments about Obama administration officials made by him and his aides . Mattis ' comment in 2005 was made when the then-three-star general was in a panel discussion before an audience . "  Actually , it 's quite fun to fight them , you know . It 's a hell of a hoot , " he said , prompting laughter from some military members in the audience . "  It 's fun to shoot some people . I 'll be right up there with you . I like brawling , " he said . "  You go into Afghanistan , you got guys who slap women around for five years because they did n't wear a veil , " he said . "  You know , guys like that ai n't got no manhood left anyway . So it 's a hell of a lot of fun to shoot them . " The commandant of the Marine Corps at the time , Gen. Michael Hagee , counseled Mattis about the remarks but defended him publicly , calling him "  one of this country 's bravest and most experienced military leaders . " "  While I understand that some people may take issue with the comments made by him , I also know he intended to reflect the unfortunate and harsh realities of war , " he said in a written statement . "  Lt. Gen. Mattis often speaks with a great deal of candor . " Mattis also was the commanding general overseeing the case of the now-infamous slayings of civilians by Marines in Haditha , Iraq . Some 24 civilians were killed on November 19 , 2005 , in what a human rights group and military prosecutors said was a house-to-house rampage by Marines after a roadside bomb killed one of their comrades . Eight Marines were charged , and all but one were cleared , some of them by Mattis . Mattis also was the overseeing authority in the murder case involving eight Marines found guilty of taking part in a plot to drag an Iraqi man from his home , kill him and then make it look like the man was an insurgent . That incident occurred near the western Iraqi town of Hamdania in April 2006 . Mattis later cut the sentences of at least two of the Marines involved in the plot . Mattis had been preparing to retire after finishing his latest command , Gates said . "  General Mattis is one of our military 's outstanding combat leaders and strategic thinkers , bringing an essential mix of experience , judgment and perspective to this important post , " Gates said . "  General Mattis has proven to be one of the military 's most innovative and iconoclastic thinkers . His insights into the nature of warfare in the 21st century have influenced my own views about how the armed forces must be shaped and postured for the future . "	Gen. James Mattis recommended as next Central Command leader He is known for his leadership in the 2004 battle of Falluja His blunt talk has gotten him in trouble Defense secretary : Mattis will speak "  in an entirely appropriate way "
CNN  -- When it comes to advertising on mobile devices , banner ads and pop-ups are the norm . But for Boston-based company SessionM , it 's out with the old and in with the new . Lars Albright co-founded the organization in 2011 with business partners Mark Herrman and Scott Weller . The company aims to flip mobile advertising on its head by allowing users to interact with apps and adverts , and then rewarding consumers for engaging . CNN spoke with Albright to find out how SessionM is changing the nature of advertising on mobile . CNN : How does SessionM work ? Lars Albright : The way it works is that the core software is getting integrated into a whole host of different applications . So it can be sports , news , weather , games . And with that base of applications that we have that gives us access to millions of users , we 're then able to deliver very , very targeted advertising and affective advertising to those users . CNN : How do these rewards appear on-screen for users ? LA : What it generally looks like , is you have a program where someone reaches an engagement milestone , like you 've checked in for the day or you shared content with a friend or you 've watched a video and a little message will pop-up and say , congratulations you 've unlocked this achievement . And that achievement is something they can choose to claim at that time . Or they can ignore and claim later . Once they claim the achievement the loyalty layer comes full screen and they have a chance to then get congratulated by a sponsor and then they can go in and browse our store front the actual rewards they want to choose . And you can take your points and apply them for a sweepstakes , you can give to generate clean water , or get a Starbucks gift card . CNN : You previously worked in Apple 's mobile advertising unit before transitioning to your own start-up . How did you make customers see the innovative potential in SessionM ? LA : When you 're truly doing something new , there 's the advantage that you may be one of the few players that 's doing something like this . But the challenge is that you have to educate the market and share your vision with the market . For us , part of it was just being really tenacious and persistent with getting our first customers to sign on and really and really saying or pitching that this was a chance for them to be a first , to be innovative as an organization and to be cutting edge on what 's new and what 's gon na work .	SessionM is redefining mobile advertising with customer rewards Users are encouraged to interact with adverts , with their engagement being rewarded The company currently works with over 1,000 app developers
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Natasha Richardson , the Tony Award-winning stage actress and member of the famed Redgrave acting clan , died Wednesday from injuries suffered in a ski accident . She was 45 . Comedian Joan Rivers says actress Natasha Richardson had "  such a family . " On Wednesday night 's "  Larry King Live , " comedian Joan Rivers remembered Richardson for her marriage to actor Liam Neeson and used her sharp wit to recall her own skiing experience . The following transcript has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : You knew Natasha Richardson . What was your reaction ? Joan Rivers : Oh , -LSB- it -RSB- should n't have happened . We were more acquaintances than friends . But we spent one amazing day on a boat with my whole family and she and Liam and the boys . And they were such a family . King : What was the occasion ? Rivers : We were all in the Caribbean , and we all kind of knew each other from dinner parties and so forth . And we met at the airport , and we said , "  Oh , let 's get together , with the kids . " And it was one of those wonderful days . We laughed and talked and had lunch , and the kids were jumping off the boat and we were drinking wine . She was just amazing and darling . King : Have you seen her work on Broadway ? Rivers : I 've seen her work . I love actresses who go back and forth . I always have such great respect for someone who goes to Broadway and then film and goes back again . I saw her in "  The Philadelphia Story " years ago in London when she won an award . She was very young in a musical version of that . King : What was your read on them as a couple that day ? Rivers : Totally happy , totally devoted to each other . That 's what kills me . I mean -LSB- it -RSB- just should n't have happened . ... And they made such a good-looking couple , too . He doted on what she said , she doted on -- it was just perfect . King : How did you learn of this yesterday ? Rivers : One of our mutual friends called me and said , do you know about -- I just saw them recently in the thing that Prince Charles gave in England , and a mutual friend said , did you heard about what happened to Natasha ? I said , what are you talking about ? And he said , she 's brain-dead . Watch King talk to celebrities about Richardson " King : So you knew yesterday ? Rivers : I knew yesterday . And I knew yesterday that she was brain-dead . And I was told , which is , again , so dear , that they kept her alive purposely to bring her back to New York , so that the boys could say goodbye to her before -- King : Really ? Rivers : Yes . King : That 's both beautiful and sad . Rivers : Look at this , it gets me crazy . It 's sad . King : Do you ski ? Rivers : I had a terrible fall about 12 years ago . And I lay there in the snow and I said to myself , "  If I get up , I 'm not coming back and I got up . " King : You 're like , "  Goodbye . " Rivers : Goodbye . And I swear to you , I laid on the ground and I go , "  If everything works , that 's it . That 's it . " King : You 've heard the doctor . What do you make of this ? There must have been something previously . It was a slight fall ? Rivers : You do n't know ; you hit your head wrong . You walk out of your house and it 's over . We all know that , especially at this age . You understand that it 's over , it 's gone . It 's just not that -LSB- Richardson 's -RSB- age , not with a good marriage , not with two young boys . It should n't be . King : John Kennedy said life is n't fair . Rivers : It is n't . It is n't . And anyone who does n't get up in the morning and say , "  How lucky I am , " is an idiot .	Joan Rivers says Natasha Richardson and her family sailed in Caribbean together Stage actress and husband Liam Neeson were "  totally devoted , " Rivers recalls Rivers says life can be taken in a flash : "  You walk out of your house and it 's over "
CNN  Pleading innocence , immunity and ignorance , the city of Cleveland responded to a wrongful death lawsuit filed by Tamir Rice 's family by saying the 12-year-old 's death was his own fault . In November , Cleveland Officer Timothy Loehmann fired the fatal shots at Tamir within two seconds of arriving outside a recreation center where the sixth-grader was playing with a pellet gun . In the 41-page response to the family 's lawsuit filed Friday , the city says that Tamir 's injuries "  were directly and proximately caused by the failure of Plaintiffs ' decedent to exercise due care to avoid injury . " The response further says that "  Plaintiffs ' decedent 's injuries , losses , and damages complained of , were directly and proximately caused by the acts of Plaintiffs ' decedent , not this Defendant . " The city also claims it is entitled to all "  full and qualified " immunities under state and federal law . As to the scores of other allegations in the lawsuit , the city responds by saying that they are untrue , that the independent investigation by Cuyahoga County is still going on , or that the city "  is without knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth . " Cuyahoga County 's medical examiner has ruled the death a homicide but has issued no determination as to whether the events that caused the boy 's death constitute a crime . Cleveland authorities have repeatedly said that Loehmann mistook Tamir 's fake gun for a real one . A witness called 911 on November 22 to say there was "  a guy with a pistol " and that although the weapon was "  probably " fake , Tamir was scaring people . It does n't appear the dispatcher relayed the information to Loehmann and Officer Frank Garmback . Video of the incident shows the two pull up on the snowy grass near a gazebo where Tamir is standing . Within two seconds of exiting the police car , Loehmann shoots the 12-year-old . The boy died the next day of injuries to "  a major vessel , intestines and pelvis . " In the video , neither Loehmann nor Garmback appears to provide medical assistance to the boy , and Police Chief Calvin Williams has said that Tamir did not receive first aid until an FBI agent arrived on the scene four minutes later . An attorney for the Rice family says the city 's response to the lawsuit is indicative of well-documented problems within the Cleveland Police Department . "  The Rice family maintains that Tamir was shot and killed unnecessarily by Cleveland police officers , " Rice family co-counsel Walter Madison said in a statement . "  Their tactics that preceded his death and the subsequent victim blaming are examples of the institutionalized behavior that has beset the Cleveland Police Department . The Rice family 's lawsuit seeks to eliminate certain institutional behaviors and practices that have no place in our diverse community . " Rice family co-counsel Benjamin Crump said the family was "  just in disbelief " after reading the response . Crump went on to attack the police department 's assertion , put forth in December , that Loehmann gave Tamir three verbal commands to put his hands up . "  It is just incredible that the police officer , based on what we see on the video surveillance recording , gave Tamir three verbal commands to put his hands up and drop the weapon , based on what we see in the video . It was less than 1.7 seconds . The car had n't even stopped . It 's unbelievable . " CNN could not immediately reach the Cuyahoga County Sheriff 's Department for comment . Cleveland Police Department spokesperson Ali Pillow declined comment and referred questions to a city spokesman , who could n't be immediately reached . In December , the U.S. Justice Department released the results of a two-year investigation that found Cleveland officers use guns , Tasers , pepper spray and their fists excessively , unnecessarily or in retaliation . The police force has used unnecessary and unreasonable force at a "  significant rate , " employing "  dangerous tactics " that put the community at risk , the investigation stated . It was also reported in December that Loehmann 's previous employer , the Independence Police Department in a Cleveland suburb , had numerous complaints about the officer , including that he was "  distracted and weepy " and "  emotionally immature " and had demonstrated "  a pattern of lack of maturity , indiscretion and not following instructions . " He also showed "  dangerous loss of composure during live range training " and an "  inability to manage personal stress , " the department said . In December , Crump called for Loehmann and Garmback to be charged and decried what he said was a police tendency to let grand juries determine whether to charge officers involved in shootings . In Tamir 's case , he said , "  several things were done inappropriately , " which is probable cause to charge the officers . "  There is nothing written anywhere in the law that says police officers are to be treated differently from any other citizen , " Crump said . "  We can not have children playing cops and robbers on a playground and police officers coming and claiming their lives . " Loehmann and Garmback have been placed on paid leave pending the outcome of the investigation . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia , Catherine E. Shoichet and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Cleveland : Tamir Rice died because he failed "  to exercise due care to avoid injury " A police officer killed Tamir , 12 , last year as the boy played with a pellet gun Officers mistook fake gun for a real one , Cleveland Police Department has said
Beijing  CNN  -- Do n't post rumors -- or else . That was Sina.com 's message to millions of micro-bloggers recently , when China 's leading content portal warned it will penalize users if they find them spreading false rumors on their Weibo account . Weibo is Sina 's Twitter-like social media service , which boasts of 200 million registered users . Speaking at the China Digital Media Summit recently , Sina.com 's CEO Charles Chao pledged to curb irresponsible rumors . "  Weibo is a microcosm of a big society and a society needs to be properly managed by regulations , " he said . Chao said Sina has been working to set up a "  credibility system , " which would rate Weibo posts . This , Chao said , will "  spread the real valuable information and punish those who make up rumors . " The punishment includes imposing a temporary freeze on Weibo accounts , from one week to one month . Observers of China 's new media industry say this is another attempt by Beijing to tighten the control of the internet . Earlier this year , Chinese bloggers battled through targeted internet censorship in the wake of dissident artist Ai Weiwei 's release after nearly three months in police custody . On Weibo words with the slightest linkage to Ai were banned , including "  release , " "  AWW " and "  the fat guy . " The phrase "  love the future , " which looks and sounds like his name in Mandarin , was also blocked . "  There has been government concern about the way the internet spreads information for years , " says Beijing-based media observer Jeremy Goldkorn . "  Sina , like all internet companies , has no choice but to work with the government , which is something they have always been good at doing . " In August , Sina sent out "  notices " to all users citing reports circulating in cyberspace that were untrue . One claimed that the Red Cross Society has been selling blood to Chinese hospitals at 200 yuan per pack even though it had been donated for free . Weibo also set up an account intended to refute malicious rumors circulating among netizens . In a public statement issued in early September , Sina.com said Weibo Piyao would "  ensure the authenticity " of information across the site . "  After the Wenzhou train accident , which saw a frenzy of angry posts on Weibo , the government wants internet companies to make sure that their websites do not pose any threat to social stability , " said Goldkorn . The high-speed train collision killed 39 people and sparked a massive outpouring of anger directed at officials for their handling of the crash . Much of that outrage played out on Weibo . Weibo has long played host to fierce online debates about corruption and social injustice in China -- a delicate balancing act between meeting the expectations of a Web audience accustomed to speaking their minds and not offending the Chinese government to the point of a shut-down . "  Sina and other companies will have to regulate themselves and decide , in real time , what kinds of information to police , " said Goldkorn . But he said it is unclear what criteria would be used to identify the rumors to censor . In a recent interview with CNN , the Sina.com founder declined to offer specific numbers about how many Sina employees were managing and censoring Weibo content , but he conceded that "  there are people working in terms of looking at the content itself and the message itself . "  There are a lot of rumors on the micro-blog itself , a lot of fraud on the micro-blog . There are a lot of things we need to take care of . " As if to reinforce that point , Beijing Communist Party chief Liu Qi recently visited Sina and Youku.com , China 's leading video sharing website . According to the Beijing Daily , he urged them to "  firmly end fake and harmful information " and to use new technology to "  solve problems of online video management . " He added : "  Internet companies should work to get rid of damaging or untruthful information and help to create a healthy positive online environment . "	Sina.com CEO Charles Chao pledges to curb irresponsible rumors Chao said Sina has been working to set up a "  credibility system " Observers fear this is an attempt to tighten the control of the internet
CNN  -- Republican kingmaker or entertainer ? Truth teller or "  big fat idiot " ? How about "  lightning rod " ? Once again , Rush Limbaugh -- the conservative provocateur with the self-described "  talent on loan from God " -- is in hot water . Limbaugh , who has been the leading talk-radio host for more than two decades , ignited this most recent controversy when he made comments about Georgetown law student Sandra Fluke , who had testified as an advocate for contraception at a Capitol Hill hearing . "  What does it say about the college co-ed Fluke , who goes before a congressional committee and essentially says she must be paid to have sex ? " Limbaugh asked on his show last Wednesday . "  What does that make her ? It makes her a slut , right ? It makes her a prostitute . She wants to be paid to have sex . She 's having so much sex , she ca n't afford the contraception . She wants you and me and the taxpayers to pay her to have sex . " His remarks set off a major outcry , prompting top Republicans and Democrats alike to denounce the famed talk show host . Limbaugh apologized Saturday , saying his "  choice of words was not the best , and in the attempt to be humorous , I created a national stir . " He added , "  I sincerely apologize to Ms. Fluke for the insulting word choices . " The damage , however , has been done . Eight companies , including AOL , Quicken Loans and ProFlowers , have announced they will pull ads from Limbaugh 's show , the No. 1 radio show in America . What effect this will have on Limbaugh -- and the 600-plus radio stations his show airs on -- is anyone 's guess . Limbaugh 's situation is complicated by the politics of his show , said Michael Harrison , founder and publisher of Talkers magazine , which covers the talk industry . Talk radio "  has such a high profile and so much buzz factor , people tend to give these big-time talk-show hosts " far more sway than they actually have , Harrison said . "  People who see things through the political lens only see things politically . " But politics is only part of the story , he said . "  The fact is , he 's primarily an entertainer . " Glory in fury The Fluke controversy is far from the first time Rush Hudson Limbaugh III has made controversial statements -- or backtracked . In 2006 , Limbaugh mocked Parkinson 's - afflicted actor Michael J. Fox after Fox appeared in a political commercial for Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill . He later offered a conditional apology : "  I will bigly , hugely admit that I was wrong , and I will apologize to Michael J. Fox , if I am wrong in characterizing his behavior on this commercial as an act . " Three years earlier , Limbaugh resigned from ESPN 's "  Sunday NFL Countdown " after igniting a controversy with statements about African-American quarterback Donovan McNabb . "  My comments this past Sunday were directed at the media and were not racially motivated . I offered an opinion , " Limbaugh said . "  This opinion has caused discomfort to the crew , which I regret . " Limbaugh has also mocked presidential children Amy Carter  "  the most unattractive presidential daughter in the history of the country "  and Chelsea Clinton  comparing her to a dog  . Both times , he apologized , though some critics questioned the spirit of his regret . His words still carry weight within the Republican Party , and just as often raise the hackles of his ideological opponents . Limbaugh often glories in their fury , letting fly with such terms as "  feminazis "  "  Feminism was established so as to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream of society , " he once said  , "  caller abortions "  disconnecting unwanted callers  , "  banking queen "  for the openly gay congressman and House Financial Services Committee member Barney Frank  and "  state-run media "  mainstream media  . Indeed , before a number of advertisers had announced their intent , Limbaugh doubled down on the Fluke controversy . After President Obama called the student , Limbaugh mocked the story on his show . "  The president called her to make sure she 's OK , " Limbaugh said . "  What is she , 30 years old ? Thirty years old , a student at Georgetown Law , who admits to having so much sex that she ca n't afford it anymore . " Limbaugh has been stoking passions since he first went on the air as a talk-show host in 1984 , replacing the equally outrageous Morton Downey Jr. in Sacramento , California . Previously , Limbaugh -- part of a noted southeast Missouri Republican family -- had worked as a music DJ under the name Jeff Christie and as director of promotions for the Kansas City Royals . In Sacramento , he found his exaggerated "  El Rushbo " persona and set about raising ratings and emotion in equal measure . By 1988 , he had moved to New York and his show went national . He quickly became a star , reaching more than 5 million listeners for his "  EIB Network " by 1991 .  Current numbers are difficult to determine , says Harrison , but Talkers believes Limbaugh reaches 15 million people a week . Others question the figures .  "  EIB " stood for "  Excellence In Broadcasting " -- a typical mock-heroic Limbaugh touch befitting his golden voice . Even those who disagree with him acknowledge his radio talent . "  Rush is just an amazing radio performer , " "  This American Life " host Ira Glass told The New York Times Magazine in a 2008 Limbaugh profile by Zev Chafets , who later wrote a Limbaugh biography . "  Years ago , I used to listen in the car on my way to reporting gigs , and I 'd notice that I disagreed with everything he was saying , yet I not only wanted to keep listening , I actually liked him . That is some chops . You can count on two hands the number of public figures in America who can pull that trick off . " The power of the bully pulpit Limbaugh also became a power within the Republican Party , using his bully pulpit to promote conservative views and denigrate Democrats and their fellow travelers . The GOP appreciated the boost , naming him an honorary member of the 1994 "  Contract With America " congressional freshman class . He branched out , writing best-selling books -- the first two were titled "  The Way Things Ought to Be " and "  See , I Told You So " -- and starting a syndicated TV talk show , which was produced by future Fox News head Roger Ailes . Limbaugh 's popularity naturally led to detractors . Perhaps the most publicly outspoken was comedian Al Franken , who ripped Limbaugh 's books with his own , titled "  Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot and Other Observations . " That book , along with regular Comedy Central appearances opposite such political personalities as Arianna Huffington , helped establish Franken as a left-wing force . The Democrat is now one of Minnesota 's U.S. senators . Given the mockery Limbaugh dishes out , his personal life has left him open to jokes . He 's been divorced three times ; he married his fourth wife , Kathryn Rogers , in 2010 . He 's struggled with weight problems . He suffered from addiction to pain medication and was named during a 2003 investigation into a black market drug ring in Palm Beach County , Florida . He also was detained by drug enforcement agents in 2006 after returning from the Dominican Republic . The agents confiscated a supply of Viagra ; the prescription was not in Limbaugh 's name . Democratic Party leaders have also found Limbaugh a useful target , making him the center of a 2009 advertising campaign . Over the years , several Republicans have backed off positions on issues after being taken to task by Limbaugh . In 2009 , Rep. Phil Gingrey , R-Georgia , criticized Limbaugh and fellow conservative talk-show host Sean Hannity for their attacks on the congressional GOP leadership ; he apologized within 24 hours . Other Republicans have spoken out against handling Limbaugh with kid gloves . "  The problem I 'm having with the party right now is when he says things that I consider to be completely outrageous , I would like to see other members of the party do likewise , and they do n't , " former Secretary of State Colin Powell told CNN in 2009 . Powell had been a subject of Limbaugh 's gibes . Talkers publisher Harrison -- who describes Limbaugh personally as "  basically a shy man , " sensitive to slights but "  intelligent enough to have overcome his emotions and stay out of the public profile " -- believes that Limbaugh will weather this storm , as he has so many others . "  I suspect he will come through this , because Limbaugh is not an elected official , he 's not a clergyman , he 's not a member of the government , he 's just basically in the same business Ryan Seacrest is in , " he said . "  In the end , all of this talk helps keep him out there as one of the big controversial talk-show hosts of our time . " That does n't mean , however , that Limbaugh is done dodging bullets . In our passionate times , a person who rouses of any sort of emotion is bound to stay a target .  On Monday , attorney Gloria Allred jumped into the fracas with an open letter calling Limbaugh 's apology "  meaningless . " Don Imus was suspended after racially insensitive remarks in 2007 . Shock jock Howard Stern had several run-ins while broadcasting in local New York radio and in syndication . Dr. Laura Schlessinger , the moralistic commentator and author , left broadcast radio in 2010 , telling CNN 's Larry King : "  The reason is , I want to regain my First Amendment rights . " Stern and Schlesinger now ply their trades for the subscription-based satellite radio company Sirius XM . "  Anybody in talk radio who states a political opinion gets as many enemies as they get supporters , " Harrison said . "  Being a celebrity today is dangerous , and being a controversial talk-show host is a very dangerous profession . " CNN 's Political Unit contributed to this report .	Rush Limbaugh 's words about student land him in hot water Limbaugh is no stranger to controversy , or apologies Talk-radio host has been raising hackles for more than 25 years He 's become political symbol , valuable to both parties
Washington  CNN  -- Who needs the Kardashians -- or has time for them , anyway -- when "  Keeping up with the Clintons " is so entertaining . Not to mention exhausting . Karl Rove raises the idea that Hillary Clinton suffered a traumatic brain injury , and the debate rages : A . A low blow reckless gossip nugget ? B . A legitimate point about her health and her transparency ? C. Proof Republicans are so afraid of her they are getting hyper-tough now , hoping she chooses the calm of civilian life ? D. All of the above ? As you debate that , consider this sage observation from Bill Clinton , the former President who for decades now has reveled in dishing out political advice and analysis : "  You ca n't get too upset about it . It 's just the beginning . They will get better at it . " Speaking in his signature raspy drawl , laughing the entire time , he also worked in a priceless nugget that reminds us the Clintons know hardball , and are hard to surprise no matter how loud , low , or legitimate the attack : "  I 'm still waiting for them to admit there was nothing to Whitewater . It 's just part of the deal . " Bill Clinton : Nixon was a communist compared to modern GOP Too young to get the Whitewater reference ? Try your favorite Internet search engine . Or call an Arkansas real estate agent and suggest you are looking for a nostalgic vacation retreat . Democratic strategist Paul Begala , a veteran of both Bill Clinton campaigns who remains a family confidant , offered this take on the Clintons-dominated political week : "  The Clintons learned a long time ago that no matter what they do , the kook right will attack them and the media will cover them . " "  Rove was being stupid , not smart . His comments anger principled conservatives and engender support for Hillary , both among the Rove-hating Democratic base and the smear-hating center . Plus , if I know Hillary , Karl 's cheap shot makes her more likely to run , not less -- which is something Karl does not want . " Details aside , it was a week to remember that -- love them or not -- the Clintons are a formidable political team . And a week , or maybe two weeks , of building the list of questions , both policy and personal , awaiting a Clinton 2016 campaign . Pelosi : Attacks make Hillary stronger From Benghazi to Boko Haram , there were fresh assertions from Republicans that Citizen Clinton often exaggerates her successes or ignores her shortcomings as secretary of state . America Rising , a GOP group that critiques Secretary Clinton on a near-daily , sometimes hourly basis , was quick on Thursday to distribute a report from Josh Rogin of the Daily Beast that led with this : "  Hillary Clinton is now claiming to be the architect of crippling sanctions on the Iranian economy . But during her tenure as secretary of state , her department repeatedly opposed or tried to water down an array of sanctions measures that were pushed into law by Democrats and Republicans in Congress . " A pattern of avoiding the reality of her record , America Rising suggested , noting recent Clinton statements about Russia and the Nigerian kidnapping it said could not be squared with her actions at Foggy Bottom . Rove attacks show GOP 's concerns about Clinton Bill Clinton stepped up this past week as his wife 's chief defender , specifically addressing Benghazi but suggesting she did all she could , and then adding that Republicans never talk about the deaths at overseas diplomatic outposts during the George W. Bush administration . Rove 's "  TBI " suggestion was first reported by The New York Post , with a dramatic headline suggesting the GOP strategist had suggested she had brain damage . "  I never used that phrase , " Rove said on Fox News . Still over the line if , as reported , he suggested she had some lasting traumatic brain injury . Cleaning up his language later is a time-tested method of attack politics : say something provocative to plant a seed -- and start the conversation -- and then stage a rhetorical retreat filled with softer language . But Rove 's broader point is legitimate : If she runs for president , Secretary Clinton will face enormous pressure to release more details about her December 2012 fall and concussion . Bill Clinton guaranteed that this week even as he shrugged off the Rove attack . "  First they say she faked her concussion and now they say she is auditioning for a part on ` The Walking Dead , ' " the former President said . But he went on to say this , proving this was no minor fall : "  She had sustained what was a terrible concussion . Required six months of very serious work to get over . " The former President said his wife , "  never low-balled " the severity of her injury with the American people . Gingrich slams "  Republican consultant class " Perhaps not , but she never discussed it in great detail , either . In a January 2013 interview with CBS , she said : "  I still have some lingering effects from falling on my head and having the blood clot . But , you know , the doctors tell me that that will all recede . And so thankfully I 'm , you know , looking forward to being at full speed . ... I have some lingering effects from the concussion that are decreasing and will disappear . But I have a lot of sympathy now when I pick up the paper and read about an athlete or one of our soldiers who 's had traumatic brain injury . I 'd never had anything like that in my family . And so , you know , I 'm very conscious of how lucky I was . " If she is a candidate for president , she will be asked for her medical records , and to make her doctors available . Those questions are not ageist or sexist , but routine . As the Rove-Clinton drama played out , and most everyone in Washington took Bill Clinton 's vocal and aggressive defense of his wife as more proof she will run , Matt Bai of Yahoo News weighed in with a thoughtful look at the constant Clinton speculation . He took issue with reporters and pundits who see all the stories and maneuverings as carefully orchestrated from within Camp Clinton . "  What we 're really looking at is a campaign orchestrated by nervous Democrats and aimed at persuading Clinton herself , " Bai writes . "  The truth is that , leaving aside all this bravado about happy demographics and the disunion of Republicans , Democrats are scared out of their minds right now . The House is solidly out of reach . The Senate is slipping away . And the White House could be close behind , especially if Clinton does n't run , and if Republicans can rally around a credible candidate . " All true . All very true . A leading reason so many Democrats jumped to endorse Hillary Clinton so early is that they believe only someone as formidable as her can keep the White House in Democratic hands after two Obama terms , It 's part of what makes the Hillary chatter so fascinating . And entertaining . And remember , to borrow that line again from Bill Clinton : "  It 's just the beginning . "	Republican strategist Karl Rove asked if Hillary Clinton had suffered brain injury Bill Clinton laughed off Rove 's attack , saying , "  They 'll get better at it " Clinton confidant thinks the "  cheap shot " makes it more likely that she 'll run
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Deaths in Zimbabwe related to the cholera epidemic are approaching 2,000 , the World Health Organization said Tuesday , and close to 40,000 people have been affected by the preventable water-borne disease . Two men rest in a cholera rehydration tent on the South Africa-Zimbabwe border in December . Statistics released by the Geneva , Switzerland-based organization WHO on Tuesday show 1,937 people have died in the raging epidemic from the 38,334 who contracted the disease since its outbreak in August . Cholera has spread to neighboring countries South Africa and Botswana . The epidemic comes at a time when President Robert Mugabe 's government is facing its worst economic crisis , manifested in shortages of all essentials from food , fuel , cash , foreign currency and electricity and a hyperinflationary economy . Health experts have said Harare 's failure to import adequate stocks of water-treating chemicals is the main driver of the disease . Most residents have resorted to rivers and shallow wells for drinking water , because taps are usually dry . On top of that problem , the waste-disposing system has collapsed . Children can be seen playing on heaps of uncollected garbage in the suburbs of most urban areas in Zimbabwe . Last month , Mugabe 's government declared the cholera epidemic a national emergency . Since then , international governments and organizations such as WHO , Doctors Without Borders , Oxfam , USAID and other U.N. groups have moved in to combat the disease that has engulfed all of Zimbabwe 's provinces . But the situation has not immediately improved . Zimbabwean Health Minister David Parirenyatwa warned this month that the epidemic could get worse as the rainy season develops . Harare issued a warning Monday that some parts of the country are going to experience floods during rainy season , further compounding the fight against the disease . The season peaks in January or February and ends in late March . Mugabe and rival Morgan Tsvangirai signed a power-sharing deal in September to run the government after a hotly contested presidential election . It was widely hoped that the deal would be the panacea to the humanitarian and economic problems bewildering the once-prosperous Zimbabwe , but the pact is yet to take effect . The sides continue to debate the sharing of key Cabinet ministries such as information , local government , finance , defense and home affairs .	World Health Organization says 1,937 people have died since outbreak in August Cholera epidemic comes as Zimbabwe faces worst economic crisis Expert : Failure to import adequate stocks of water-treating chemicals behind disease Cholera has spread to neighboring countries South Africa and Botswana
Mental Floss  -- There have been presidential daughters almost as long as there have been presidents .  George Washington had no children . President Warren Harding made child-care payments to his mistress for years until his death in 1923 . What these women did -- both under the influence of and independent from their influential fathers -- make fascinating stories . Here are five you might not have heard : 1 . Sarah Knox Taylor Davis She packed a lot of drama into her 21 years . The second daughter of future U.S. President Zachary Taylor , Sarah also was the first wife of future Confederate President Jefferson Davis . Her parents gave her the middle name Knox after Fort Knox , in pre-state Indiana , where her military father was stationed and where she was born in 1813 or 1814 . Sarah was often called Knox or Knoxie . The life of an army brat was certainly more dangerous in the early 19th century . During Taylor 's posting in Louisiana , Sarah and her two sisters came down with "  bilious fever , " now thought to be malaria . Sarah survived , but her older and younger sisters died . The Taylors were stationed at Fort Crawford  now Prairie du Chien , Wisconsin  in 1832 , when Sarah met and fell in love with a young officer named Jefferson Davis . Zachary Taylor opposed the relationship , and accounts vary as to why -- because he did n't want his daughter to continue to be exposed to the hardships of army life , or because he and Davis did n't get along . Or both . Davis was transferred , so he and Sarah conducted a long-distance relationship for two years . They even planned their wedding by mail . The ceremony took place in June 1835 , in Louisville , Kentucky . Sarah 's parents did not attend . Once again there is disagreement over why they were absent . The newlyweds immediately headed south , and they visited Davis 's relatives in Louisiana . Sarah , mindful of the family tragedy the last time the Taylors traveled those parts , wrote home , "  Do not make yourself uneasy about me , the country is quite healthy . " But while staying with Davis 's oldest sister at "  Locust Grove " in West Feliciana Parish , Louisiana , the couple fell ill with malaria . Jefferson Davis recovered , but Sarah died , barely three months into her marriage . Mental Floss : 5 memorable White House weddings 2 . Elizabeth Harrison Walker Her life straddled the Gilded Age of her father , President Benjamin Harrison , and the Television Age , when accomplished women were just beginning to enter in numbers into the mainstream of public life . Elizabeth was born in 1897 , four years after her father left office . A widower with two children by his first wife , Harrison had married Mary Scott Lord Dimmick , and Elizabeth was the couple 's only child . She was just 4 when her father , the last of the bearded presidents , passed away . If Elizabeth 's dynastic 1921 marriage to James Blaine Walker -- grandnephew of her father 's secretary of state and onetime Republican presidential nominee James G. Blaine -- was conventional , much of the rest of her life was not . By the time of her wedding , she had received several academic degrees , including a law degree from New York University Law School , and was admitted to the bar in New York and Indiana at age 22 . After her marriage , she began publishing a monthly newsletter , "  Cues on the News . " Geared toward women , it offered economic and investment tips , and was distributed nationally by banks . Her expertise led to appearances on radio and , later , television , where she spoke on economic issues pertaining to women . She died in 1955 , at the age of 58 . Mental Floss : Quiz : Post -- White House lives of presidents 3 . Margaret Woodrow Wilson Thirty years before the Beatles went to India to sample and popularize its spiritual wonders , another musician and political activist , Margaret Woodrow Wilson , had already been . It was the final chapter in the peripatetic life of the eldest of President Woodrow Wilson 's three daughters . Margaret was born in 1886 , in Gainesville , Georgia . During her father 's presidency , both of Margaret 's sisters had White House weddings . So when their mother died in 1914 , it fell to the unmarried eldest Wilson sister to become White House hostess . The president 's remarriage a year later allowed Margaret to pursue her passion -- music . She studied piano and voice at the Peabody Institute of Music in Baltimore . In 1915 , she made her singing debut with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , in Syracuse , New York . During World War I , she gave recitals that benefited the Red Cross and performed at Army camps . In 1918 , she began nearly a year 's stay in France , singing before Allied troops . The experience led to a breakdown , the loss of her singing voice , and the end of her musical career . Mental Floss : Why do we sing the National Anthem at sporting events ? With the war over and women gaining the right to vote , Margaret became an advocate of a style of local participatory democracy in which neighborhood schools would become community centers . The annual $ 2,500 stipend bequeathed by her father upon his death in 1924 was not enough for her live on , so Margaret entered the advertising business . A speculation in oil stocks went sour , and as the 1920s ended , she ceased being a public figure . In the 1930s she discovered the writings of Sri Aurobindo , a contemporary of Mahatma Gandhi 's , whose philosophy for ending foreign rule in India was grounded in yoga and meditation . Eventually she followed her guru east . When a New York Times reporter found Margaret in Aurobindo 's ashram in Pondicherry , India , in 1943 , she had been living there four years . At the ashram she was known as Dishta . She died there in 1944 at the age of 57 of uremic poisoning . 4 . Elizabeth Ann Christian Blaesing Probably the only advantage to being the child of one of America 's worst presidents was not having his last name . Warren G. Harding had no children with his wife , but a married man with two mistresses is bound to leave a legacy . Elizabeth Ann was the daughter of Nan Britton , who as a teenager began a six-year affair with Harding , which lasted until his death in 1923 . Elizabeth Ann was conceived on a couch in Harding 's Senate office and was born in 1919 . On the birth certificate , Britton wrote Christian as the baby 's last name . Until his inauguration in 1921 , Harding made child-care payments to Britton in person , but always refused to meet Elizabeth Ann . After he entered the White House , Secret Service agents delivered the payments . But when Harding died , the money stopped . In 1927 , after Harding 's widow refused to continue child support , Britton published The President 's Daughter . The tell-all book became a bestseller . As the years passed , the story of Nan Britton and the president 's "  love child " faded , along with memories of Harding 's inept presidency . As an infant , Elizabeth Ann was adopted by Britton 's sister and brother-in-law for the sake of appearances . As an adult , she married Henry Blaesing . They lived quietly in Glendale , California , and raised three sons . Elizabeth Ann gave one of her first interviews , to The New York Times , in 1964 . In it she revealed that her mother was living secretly nearby . Nan Britton died in 1991 , "  evidently so forgotten by history that no obituary was published , " the Los Angeles Times later wrote . Elizabeth Ann died in 2005 . 5 . Margaret Truman Daniel The helicopter parent is nothing new . But that pesky parental hovering can whip up a lot of dust when Dad is straight-talking President Harry S Truman . Born in 1924 , Margaret was Harry and Bess Truman 's only child . Like Margaret Wilson , she began her career as a singer . She was studying history and international relations at George Washington University when her father became vice president in January 1945 . Less than three months later , Franklin Roosevelt died and Harry Truman became the 33rd president . After intensive musical training , Margaret made her singing debut in 1947 with the Detroit Symphony Orchestra on a nationally broadcast radio program . She began touring the country , appeared on radio and television , and signed a recording contract . Then came her infamous 1950 concert in Washington , D.C. 's Constitution Hall , in which her father played a role perhaps larger than hers . "  Paul Hume , the music critic of The Washington Post , while praising her personality , said that ` she can not sing very well , ' added that ` she is flat a good deal of the time ' and concluded that she had no ` professional finish , ' " The New York Times recalled at the time of Margaret 's death last January . "  Incensed , President Truman dispatched a combative note to Mr. Hume , who released it to the press ... It said , in part , ' I have just read your lousy review ... I have never met you , but if I do , you 'll need a new nose . ' "  Read the review and President Truman 's response here . The episode did n't seem to impact her career , but her professional singing days were numbered anyway . Margaret would become a radio and television personality , co-hosting the 1950s radio program , "  Weekday , " with Mike Wallace . She acted in summer stock . And in 1956 she married New York Times editor Clifton Daniel , with whom she had three sons . But Margaret still had other media to conquer . She became a prolific author , writing several non-fiction books , including biographies of her parents . And she penned 13 mystery novels , beginning with "  Murder in the White House . " For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	President Harding 's illegitimate daughter was conceived on couch in Senate office Review of Harry Truman 's daughter prompted presidential threat against reporter President Taylor 's daughter married future president of an enemy power Woodrow Wilson 's daughter followed a guru to India
New York  CNN  -- The federal government moved Thursday to seize assets belonging to the Alavi Foundation and the Assa Corp. , including a Manhattan skyscraper and four mosques , citing alleged links to the Iranian government . Preet Bharara , the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York , announced Thursday 's filing of an amended civil complaint seeking forfeiture of the Alavi Foundation 's interest in the 36-story office tower located on Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan . The tower is owned by 650 Fifth Avenue Company , a partnership between the Alavi Foundation and Assa Corp. , the Justice Department said . The amended complaint alleges that the Alavi Foundation provided services to the Iranian government and transferred money from 650 Fifth Avenue Company to Bank Melli , Iran 's largest state-owned financial entity . U.S. and European Union officials last year designated Bank Melli as a proliferator for supporting Iran 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs and funneling money to the Revolutionary Guard and Quds Force , considered terrorist groups by the United States . Bank Melli issued a statement last year denying involvement in any deceptive banking practices . Thursday 's amended complaint seeks forfeiture of all assets of the Alavi Foundation and Assa Corp. , including bank accounts owned by 650 Fifth Avenue Company , the Alavi Foundation and Assa Corp. ; and properties owned by the foundation in New York , Maryland , Virginia , Texas and California . It alleges that the properties were "  involved in and -LSB- were -RSB- the proceeds of money laundering offenses , " and that the owners violated the International Emergency Economic Powers Act , executive orders and U.S. Department of Treasury regulations . "  As today 's complaint alleges in great detail , the Alavi Foundation has effectively been a front for the government of Iran , " Bharara said . "  For two decades , the Alavi Foundation 's affairs have been directed by various Iranian officials , including Iranian ambassadors to the United Nations , in violation of a series of American laws . The Alavi Foundation 's former president remains under investigation for alleged obstruction of justice , and both the criminal and civil investigations are ongoing . " John Winter , a New York lawyer representing the Alavi Foundation , said his client would challenge the complaint . "  We 're obviously disappointed that the government brought this action because we have been cooperating with the government since this investigation began about a year ago and we intend to litigate this matter , " he said in a telephone interview . "  It may take some time , but at the end of this litigation , we 're of the mind that we 're going to prevail here . " The buildings remained open and were continuing to operate as usual . "  There are no allegations of any wrongdoing on the part of any of these tenants or occupants , " said Yusill Scribner , a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York in a written statement . "  The tenants and occupants remain free to use the properties as they have before today 's filing . " According to the complaint , the New York tower was built in the 1970s by a nonprofit organization operated by the Shah of Iran to pursue the country 's charitable interests in the United States . Bank Melli financed its construction in prime real estate near Rockefeller Center . In 1979 , after the Iranian revolution , the Islamic Republic of Iran established the Bonyad Mostazafan of New York , since renamed the Alavi Foundation , to take possession of and manage property it had expropriated from the former government , including the Fifth Avenue building . Calls to the Iranian Mission were not immediately returned . The mosques are in New York , Maryland , California and Texas . At the Islamic Institute of New York in Queens , two worshipers said they found out about the move Thursday as they arrived for evening prayers . The front page of the court document stating the terms of the case was tacked to the front door accompanied by a letter from the U.S. Attorney 's office to the Mostazafan Foundation . A senior Justice Department official , trying to blunt any criticism from Muslim groups , told reporters that the government is moving against the Iranian landlords of the buildings , not targeting or "  seizing mosques " as religious-oriented facilities . The mosques just happen to be among the tenants of the buildings in question , the official said . But , in a statement , the Council on American-Islamic Relations called the move unprecedented and said it may have First Amendment implications . "  Whatever the details of the government 's case against the owners of the mosques , as a civil rights organization we are concerned that the seizure of American houses of worship could have a chilling effect on the religious freedom of citizens of all faiths and may send a negative message to Muslims worldwide , " said CAIR National Communications Director Ibrahim Hooper . He said the move comes at a bad time , given the community 's fear of a backlash resulting from a Muslim psychiatrist being charged in the deadly shooting spree at Fort Hood in Texas . Relations between Iran and much of the international community have been tense in recent years over Iran 's nuclear ambitions . Iran states that it wants to develop its nuclear program solely for peaceful purposes ; the United States and a number of other countries have said they suspect the oil-rich nation is pursuing a nuclear bomb . In another U.S.-Iran development , President Obama said Thursday in a letter to Congress that the national emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in 1979 during the Iranian revolution has not ended . "  Our relations with Iran have not yet returned to normal , and the process of implementing the January 19 , 1981 , agreements with Iran is still under way , " Obama wrote in an official "  notice of continuation " required to extend the emergency status with Iran beyond the anniversary date of November 14 . "  For these reasons , I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared on November 14 , 1979 , with respect to Iran , beyond November 14 , 2009 . " CNN 's Terry Frieden , Brian Todd , Deb Feyerick , Eddie DeMarche and Ross Levitt contributed to this story .	Alavi Foundation , Assa Corp. accused of transferring money to Iran U.S. Attorney : "  Alavi Foundation has effectively been a front for the government of Iran " Companies own 3 mosques , have interest in New York skyscraper U.S. wants company to forfeit the mosques and skyscraper
CNN  -- Authorities have charged a man with being a stowaway after he allegedly took a flight from New York to Los Angeles , even though he did n't have a proper boarding pass and was not on the flight manifest . It was n't until after Virgin America Flight 415 took off from John F. Kennedy International Airport on Friday that the airline discovered the man , identified as Olajide Oluwaseun Noibi , was n't supposed to be on the flight , according to an FBI affidavit . The flight crew became aware of him when two passengers complained about his odor , FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller said . He was seated toward the front of the plane , in seat 3E , according to the affidavit . But authorities did not arrest Noibi on Friday . They arrested him this week , on Wednesday , when he returned to Los Angeles International Airport and tried to fraudulently board a Delta flight bound for Atlanta , according to the FBI . Officials found he was carrying numerous boarding passes , none in his name , the FBI said . Eimiller said the FBI did detain Noibi when the flight from New York landed in Los Angeles . Agents investigated to see if he or his luggage posed any immediate threat . They then released him , Eimiller said . The FBI is not saying what investigative steps it may have taken in the following days , nor whether it knew Noibi would appear for the Delta flight . The FBI affidavit says an agent was at the Delta departure gate when Noibi arrived . "  We are investigating his motivation , and whether it was anything beyond not wanting to pay for a ticket , " Eimiller said . Authorities are also looking to see whether Noibi has used aliases or multiple addresses , she said . Noibi appeared in court Wednesday , where his case was continued . He is expected back in U.S. District Court on Friday , Eimiller said . A law enforcement official told CNN there is nothing at this point to indicate terrorism in the case . However , the incident has raised questions about airline security and how someone could get through security and board a plane without a valid ticket and proper documentation . Transportation Security Administration spokesman Greg Soule issued a statement saying , "  Every passenger that passes through security checkpoints is subject to many layers of security including thorough physical screening at the checkpoint . TSA 's review of this matter indicates that the passenger went through screening . It is important to note that this passenger was subject to the same physical screening at the checkpoint as other passengers . " Disciplinary action for the TSA officers involved is under review and at a minimum , the officers will receive remedial training , a TSA official speaking on the condition of anonymity told CNN . In an updated statement Thursday , the agency said its "  initial review of this matter indicates the officer reviewing the passenger 's travel documents did not identify that the passenger was traveling with improper travel documents . " Rep. Peter King , R-New York , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , sent a letter Thursday to TSA Director John Pistole asking for a briefing by July 8 "  on the immediate measures TSA is taking to address these recent failures and any disciplinary action being taken against the travel document checker " at Kennedy airport . King also called for an audit of the performance by all personnel who check travel documents , adding that almost a decade after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , "  failures of this kind should be a thing of the distant past . " A Virgin America spokeswoman said the airline "  maintains security and other screening systems in place to prevent such an occurrence ; however , in this case it appears staff may have missed an alert when the passenger presented a boarding pass from a prior flight . " After discovering that Noibi should not have been on the flight , the crew kept him "  under surveillance , but at no time felt there was any threat to the security of the flight , " the statement said , adding that the man slept for most of the flight . "  We take security matters very seriously and are reviewing our training to ensure that this anomaly does not occur again , " spokeswoman Patricia Condon said . Noibi is from Nigeria and is a U.S. citizen , Eimiller said . Public records show he is 24 years old . When flying to Los Angeles last week , Noibi was questioned by a flight attendant . He produced a boarding pass from a different date that was not in his name , FBI Special Agent Kevin Hogg said in the affidavit . The man whose name was on the boarding pass told Hogg that his boarding pass had disappeared from his back pocket after he took the subway to the airport last Thursday , the day before the flight Noibi was on , according to the affidavit . It was not clear how Noibi got to the gate for the flight at JFK . Noibi said he has a U.S. passport that had been stolen and that he had his Nigerian passport at home , Hogg wrote in the affidavit . Federal law states that being a stowaway on board a flight is a felony punishable by up to five years in prison . A flight attendant noticed that Noibi was "  occupying a seat that the other attendants said was supposed to be empty , " the affidavit says . When the attendant , Satoshi Saito , asked to see his boarding pass , Noibi responded that it was in his bag in an overhead bin , the affidavit said . After the bag was retrieved , Noibi reached in and handed Saito a boarding pass , which had a different date . Noibi said he had missed the flight the day before . Saito then brought the boarding pass to the captain , who instructed Saito to request further ID . "  At that point , Noibi did not want to talk with Saito and was hesitant . Eventually Noibi produced a University of Michigan identification card with his photo and his full name . Saito took the identification card to the captain , who observed that the names did not match and the date was wrong on the boarding pass . The flight crew noted that Noibi was not on the flight manifest . " It is not clear what Noibi did for several days in Los Angeles , but he later told authorities he was recruiting people for his software business . The University of Michigan website lists someone by that name as affiliated with an electrical engineering program . University spokeswoman Kelly Cunningham said Noibi was enrolled at the College of Engineering from 2004 through the fall of 2006 , but is not a current student , and there is no record of his graduation . Cunningham said she could not comment on the circumstances of his leaving the university , nor whether he had ever had problems while at the university . The university lists an e-mail address for Noibi . A message from CNN to that address Thursday morning was not immediately returned . A page on the website LinkedIn for someone with Noibi 's name lists him as "  president , CEO and co-founder " of a company and links to its website . The site says the company is in Lagos , Nigeria . A man who answered the phone listed for the company and gave his name only as "  Timi " said Noibi does some consulting for the company . The LinkedIn page also links to his Facebook account . A message sent to that account was not immediately returned . On Wednesday , Hogg wrote in his affidavit , he was with an officer from Customs and Border Protection when Noibi approached the Delta departure gate counter at LAX for a flight to Atlanta . Noibi showed a Delta agent "  a portion of a green boarding pass , " but the agent told him the ticket was for the previous day and was not a valid boarding pass for the flight . Noibi insisted that he had been told he could go to the gate for the flight , the affidavit said . When Hogg approached Noibi and read him his Miranda rights , Noibi acknowledged that he had not paid for his flight to Los Angeles . He also said he spent the night at LAX in the secure portion of the airport , the affidavit said . "  Noibi claimed he was able to go through passenger screening by obtaining a seat pass and displaying his University of Michigan identification and a police report that his passport had been stolen . " Authorities found he had two boarding passes in his pocket and more than 10 in his two bags . "  Noibi did not have any boarding passes in his own name , " the affidavit said . FBI spokeswoman Eimiller said the FBI has not determined how he came into possession of the boarding passes . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Josh Levs , Susan Candiotti , Carol Cratty , and Diane Ruggiero contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep. King seeks TSA report to Congress on the security breach TSA says an officer "  did not identify " that the passenger lacked proper travel documents The TSA officers involved are under review , an official says Virgin America says its crew may have missed an alert about Noibi 's boarding pass
CNN  -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid reversed plans Wednesday to hold a test vote on an automakers ' bailout bill on Thursday . Reid had planned to move on legislation that would have taken $ 25 billion from the $ 700 billion already approved for Wall Street and diverted it to the big three automakers . Filmmaker Michael Moore says the collapse of General Motors could mean the loss of millions of jobs . CNN 's Larry King talked Wednesday with Michael Moore , a filmmaker with deep ties to the auto industry . Moore 's father worked for General Motors for 35 years . In 1989 , Moore became an international figure for his film , "  Roger and Me , " which centered on the declining auto industry in his hometown of Flint , Michigan and the ripple effect on the town 's residents . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : Michael , was  the movie  prophetic ? Michael Moore : When I made that film , there were still 50,000 people working at General Motors in Flint . I mean they had eliminated 30,000 jobs , but there were still some jobs there . Today , I think there 's less than 12,000 working in the area , so it has devastated Flint . Flint was one of the first towns to go . When I made that movie almost 20 years ago , I hoped that the film would be a warning to other cities that this corporation was intent upon removing jobs from this country and taking them to Mexico and Brazil and other places . When I made that movie that year , General Motors made a profit of over $ 4 billion , and they were still laying off people simply to make a bit more money , the people who helped to build the company , the workers in their hometown of Flint , Michigan , they just forgot about them and took the money and ran . King : Since the principle was , ` We 'll have the cars built elsewhere and many of the cars are built elsewhere now , ' what went wrong if they were paying less out of the country to build them ? Moore : Well , what really went wrong is that General Motors has had this philosophy from the beginning that what 's good for General Motors is good for the country . So , their attitude was we 'll build it and you buy it . We 'll tell you what to buy . You just buy it . Eventually , the consumer got smart and said , ` You know what , I 'd like a car that gets a little better gas mileage . I 'd like a car that 's safer on the road , ' so they started to buy other cars . General Motors still would n't change . They still kept building the wrong cars , and more and more people stopped buying them . Watch how Moore feels about auto bailout " At a certain point , you know , General Motors lost such a large part of the market share that there probably was a point of no return . Now , here we are on the verge of this collapse . If General Motors collapses , then there goes hundreds of thousands of jobs , if not millions of jobs of the ripple effect of this . King : And the same is true of Ford and Chrysler ? Moore : Absolutely . I 'll tell you , it was hilarious just watching these CEOs there  Tuesday  and  Wednesday  testifying in Congress , saying that , you know , that the problem was n't theirs , you know , the cars they were building . It was the financial situation that we 're in now . Watch automakers get grilled on Capitol Hill " The problem is the cars they 've been building . They 've never listened to the consumers . They 've just gone about it their own wrong way . I 'll tell you , you know , I 'm of mixed mind about this bailout , Larry , because I do n't think these companies , with these management people , should be given a dime , because that 's just going to be money going up in smoke or off to other countries . GM is currently building a $ 300 million factory in Russia right now to build SUVs , right outside of St. Petersburg . That 's where your money 's going to go , no matter what they say . King : Why  do you have  mixed feelings ? Moore : Well , because we ca n't let all these people lose their jobs because of the bad decisions , the stupid decisions made by the management of these auto companies . I think what has to happen here is that Congress needs to pass some legislation , and our president-elect needs to do what Roosevelt did . When Roosevelt came in and when World War II faced the country , Roosevelt said to General Motors and Ford , you 're not going to build cars anymore . You 're going to build airplanes and tanks and guns and the things that we need for this war because we have a national crisis . General Motors had to do what Roosevelt told them they had to do . King : What do you want them to do now ? Moore : President-Elect Obama has to say to them , yes , we 're going to use this money to save these jobs , but we 're not going to build these gas-guzzling , unsafe vehicles any longer . We 're going to put the companies into some sort of receivership and we , the government , are going to hold the reigns on these companies . They 're to build mass transit . They 're to build hybrid cars . They 're to build cars that use little or no gasoline . iReport.com : New emissions standards , other improvements needed We 're facing a national crisis , not just an economic crisis , but a crisis of the polar ice caps are melting . There 's only so much oil left under the Earth . We 're going to run out of that , if not in our children 's time , our grandchildren 's time . There 's got to be a plan set out to find other ways to transport ourselves in other ways than using fossil fuels .	Michael Moore : Automakers "  took money and ran " GM , Ford and Chrysler CEOs plead to Congress seeking auto bailout Moore : Bailout money should be used to save workers ' jobs Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid cancels plan for test vote Thursday on auto bailout
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The man charged with murder in the shooting death of a guard at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum was denied bail Wednesday and will undergo psychiatric testing against his will . "  Your Constitution guarantees me a speedy and fair trial , " James von Brunn said from his wheelchair . James von Brunn ignored the advice of the judge and his defense attorney and addressed the court during a hearing to fight any delays as prosecutors press their case . "  Your Constitution guarantees me a speedy and fair trial , " he said from his wheelchair during the hearing before U.S. District Judge Reginald Walton . But Walton granted the defense request for a mental evaluation , which will take place within the next 30 days at a facility in Butner , North Carolina . Von Brunn , a self-avowed white supremacist , will remain in custody after the judge said there were no conditions for release that would protect the public . Federal prosecutor Nicole Waid said von Brunn is "  dangerous because this defendant has nothing to lose , " and that he wants to be "  a martyr for his cause . " Von Brunn 's attorney , public defender A.J. Kramer , did not challenge the government 's request to deny bail , saying "  we do n't have any evidence to offer at this time . " Kramer also convinced the judge to order a competency exam , which will include observations as to whether von Brunn understands the charges and can assist in his own defense . Prosecutors said four of the charges in the indictment are capital offenses and could mean the death penalty if he is convicted . Waid told the judge the government 's evidence is "  overwhelming " and includes security camera video from the June 10 attack , in which von Brunn is seen raising a gun and shooting guard Stephen Tyrone Johns , who had opened the door for him . As Johns stumbled back mortally wounded , Waid said , "  you can see the defendant fire two more times , " before he is shot and wounded by other guards . Also seen on the tape is the weapon being taken from von Brunn 's hands , the prosecutor said . During the discussions about psychiatric testing , von Brunn looked at spectators in the courtroom and shook his head as if to say "  no , " when it became clear he would not be arraigned on the charges unless he is deemed competent . "  Mr. von Brunn , I advise that you not speak , " the judge said , explaining that his attorney can best represent him . But von Brunn ignored his advice . "  I 'm a United States citizen , and as a U.S. Naval officer , I swore to protect my country , " he said . "  I take my vows very seriously . " The 89-year-old World War II veteran did not explain his remarks .	NEW : Bail denied for accused Holocaust Memorial Museum shooter During hearing , James von Brunn says he does n't want a psychiatric evaluation U.S. District Court judge orders an evaluation anyway , within 30 days Von Brunn is charged in the death of Holocaust museum guard Stephen Johns
CNN  -- In Wes Anderson 's latest film , "  Moonrise Kingdom , " he tells the tale of two young lovers who reunite and run away into the wilderness after a year apart . It 's 1965 , and a major storm is bearing down on New Penzance Island , off the coast of New England , and their disappearance sets off an island-wide search and rescue mission . The film stars Bruce Willis , Francis McDormand , Tilda Swinton and Ed Norton along with Anderson favorite Bill Murray and Jason Schwartzman . But it 's the two young lovers , portrayed by newcomers Jared Gilman and Kara Hayward , who steal the show . "  Moonrise Kingdom , " which opens in New York and Los Angeles on Friday , has the look and tone of Anderson 's prior films "  Rushmore , " "  The Royal Tenenbaums " and "  The Darjeeling Limited . " But here , Anderson is examining the notion that love is a driving force that causes a range of different reactions -- especially when those at the center are just 12 . CNN spoke with Anderson from Santa Margherita Ligure , Italy , about the making of "  Moonrise Kingdom , " the film 's lack of nostalgic impulses and the impulse for audiences to read deeper into on-screen metaphors . CNN : The word "  twee " is often used by people these days to describe your work . Does that word mean anything to you ? Wes Anderson : Virtually nothing .  laughs  I get the thrust of it , but it 's really kind of like white noise to me . I have no opinion about it CNN : "  Moonrise Kingdom " tells the story of two 12-year-olds who fall in love and run away . Is this a universal feeling of youth ? Anderson : My point of view about it was the memory of feeling that way is so strong for me . Rather than starting with an idea of a character or characters and a setting , instead I was starting out with a feeling . An emotion . A memory of an emotion that I was hoping to re-create in some way . So , that 's where it came from . CNN : Is it wrapped around nostalgia ? Anderson : Even though there 's every reason to think its nostalgic : It 's set in the '60s , and it 's childhood and first love and that sort of thing . But I do n't really associate it with nostalgia . Somebody in Cannes asked me , "  is it your memory of a fantasy ? " It took me a second , to think , "  I do n't even know what you mean . " But I see that is exactly what it is . This fantasy I had at that time . CNN : Over the years , your films paint these pictures of various male figures that struggle in some way to grow up or face reality . What 's interesting about that for you ? Anderson : I kinda think probably the adult and the children -- at least in this new story -- are on parallel tracks . They 're not going the same direction , but they 're all having these romantic relationships that they 're trying to find a way to make work and rescue themselves through them . The kids are the ones that have a clarity about what they want . They do n't have any wisdom , but they do have a clear understanding about what they want to have happen . And the adults do n't . It ends up making them more confused than the kids . CNN : That clarity , the directness , is intriguing about the worlds and characters that you portray . You do n't do macho , "  I do n't care " guys . They know what they want and get a little bit psycho for the girl . Anderson :  laughs  You 're right . You could say they get a little psycho for the girl , and you could put this on any of the guys . I 'm sure you could track that back over a number of different films . I do n't know how it relates to real life . I 'd rather not . The psychological indication it makes about myself . But it does seem to be a continuing thread . CNN : "  Moonrise Kingdom " is the two young actors ' first roles in anything . What was the logic behind this casting ? Anderson : When you 're going to cast people this age , you 're assuming that they 're not going to be professional . Even if they are , it just means they 've been working for eight months or something like that . I had no preconception about what they were supposed to look like , sound like or act like . Even their personalities . I knew what the characters were like and that they had to sort of relate to that . They 're sort of outsiders . They 've got to be convincing in that . But we started really early in the casting process and set aside a long time to do it . Just looked at one audition after another , waiting for someone to appear that we all felt like we could shut down and move on to the next phase of production . CNN : How much does the setting in "  Moonrise Kingdom " factor into this story ? Anderson : I feel like I want the movie to happen in a place where the audience has never been before . That 's sort of a slightly magical world . I started feeling like the movie ought to feel like -- the girl is carrying around a suitcase full of fantasy books -- somewhere along the way , I started to feel like the movie should feel like it could be in that suitcase . That it could be one of those books . So everything that goes into the movie -- where we shot it , the locations , the houses , the sets -- are all my way of make this world that 's not a familiar reality . CNN : During the film , there 's the idea that a major rainstorm is bearing down on the island . Should I read into that as a metaphor about what 's brewing between everyone on screen ? Anderson : I 'm up for reading into it . I like to hear people reading into it . I tend to try to keep it very abstract from myself . I like to put things and work things in to these stories that feel like symbols to me . But I do n't really want to know what they symbolize . I 'd rather have someone say , "  I got this out of it . " I want to feel like I 'm working with some subconscious stuff that could be stronger because we do n't simplify it too much . Let it be open to different connections . I 'm sorry I 'm sounding a little cosmic about it . The storm should feel like it 's about a lot of things . Now I 'm going to try one : It could even have to do with what 's coming in America or something like that . 1965 is sort of an end to a period . I 'm just trying this out , though . That 's my first time to have that thought .	Wes Anderson 's "  Moonrise Kingdom " is about young lovers who reunite and run away The film stars Bruce Willis , Francis McDormand , Tilda Swinton , Ed Norton Anderson : "  I want the movie to happen in a place where the audience has never been "
CNN  -- The driver of a truck that crashed into a crowd of spectators in a California desert , killing eight , will not face criminal charges , a spokesman for the highway patrol said on Monday . Four people were also taken to hospitals in serious condition after the Saturday crash at an off-road race in Southern California 's Mojave Desert . Five others suffered minor to moderate injuries . "  The reason we are not going to file criminal charges is because it was a sanctioned event , " said Mario Lopez , a California Highway Patrol spokesman . Lopez added that California vehicle codes did not apply to the race because permits were issued to the event 's organizers . He said any safety violations would be investigated by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management , which owns the land where the race happened , or by agencies that handle permitted events . The 200-mile race was part of an amateur series on a course in the Lucerne Valley area of San Bernardino County , east of Los Angeles , said Tim Franke of the San Bernardino County Fire Department . The Bureau of Land Management has said it is looking into the deadly crash , as well as conducting a safety review of other off-road vehicle events in the state 's deserts . The race 's sanctioning body , Mojave Desert Racing , urges spectators to stay back 100 feet from the 50-mile course . "  But as you can tell , there are no delineations to where the track begins and where the track ends at this point , " said Joaquin Zubieta , a California Highway Patrol spokesman . Images from the night of the crash show trucks speeding within feet of spectators . Mojave Desert Racing was not immediately available for comment . The land management bureau has said the group was responsible for the safety of everyone at the race . "  You can give all the warnings you want , but at the end of the day , they 're out there , they 're on their own and they do what they want , " Larry Webster , automotive editor for Popular Mechanics magazine , said about off-road race crowds . "  It 's almost like a vehicular version of running with the bulls , and obviously we can tell it 's really dangerous , " he told CNN . Authorities have identified Brett Sloppy as the driver of the out-of-control truck . In a Facebook message , Sloppy , who has not responded to repeated requests by CNN for comment , said he was devastated by what happened . "  Soo incredibly lost and devistated -LSB- sic -RSB- my thoughts and prayers go out to all the familys and friends involved , " the San Marcos resident said on his Facebook page late Sunday . "  Thank you too all my friends for sticking with me even thru these tragic times I love you all . " Vince Dimiao , a driver who was running just ahead of the truck that crashed , said races often take place at night because of the extreme daytime heat . He said officials initially halted the race for an hour because of the crash , then canceled it when the scope of the "  carnage " became known . Keith Carty , who had a friend killed in the California crash , told CNN 's HLN that races attract a certain type of person -- someone who wants to participate as much as watch an event . "  These are hard-core , off-road enthusiasts , " he said about people who attend off-road races . "  It 's not anybody 's turn to baby-sit us . We 're out there -- we understand the risk . Everybody that was there understood the risk -- the drivers , the spectators , everybody , " said Carty . Jonathan Davy , who attended Saturday 's deadly race and captured the accident on video , said he sensed the danger even before the crash . The event was his first off-road race . "  What seemed to be like a great day ... something I had never been to before , just turned tragic , " he said . "  It 's forever going to be in my head . I could n't sleep last night . I got chills right now just thinking about it . " CNN 's Stan Wilson , Nick Valencia , Chuck Johnston and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	The Bureau of Land Management says it will review accident , other desert events The California Highway Patrol says it will not file criminal charges against the driver The driver says he is devastated by the incident Truck crash at the off-road desert race leaves eight people dead
CNN  -- When 3-year-old Finnegan Burns fell ill with complications from cystic fibrosis , his parents did what any loving parents would do . Kerry and Patrick Burns put their lives on hold to see their son through his medical travails . Surgery after surgery , hospital after hospital , they remained by their child 's side as he fought to recover . This past March , at age 4 1/2 , Finnegan lost his battle with this terrible disease . Following the indescribable anguish that comes with the death of a child , Kerry and Patrick might have hoped to resume their jobs and begin the process of moving forward with their lives . What should have been a private and quiet period has instead been marked by a mountain of medical debt , home foreclosure and bankruptcy . Like three-quarters of the families driven to bankruptcy by health-related costs , the Burns family had health insurance when Finnegan became ill . In fact , through a combination of employer-provided insurance , COBRA coverage and state-sponsored care , the vast majority of Finnegan 's medical expenses were covered . But to be by their son 's side during his treatments , Finnegan 's parents both took time off from work . With their reduced income , it was impossible for them to make ends meet . According to a recent study by researchers at Harvard University and published in The American Journal of Medicine , medical costs , including lost wages , copays , deductibles , premiums , coverage limits and uncovered expenses , contributed to more than 62 percent all personal bankruptcy filings in 2007 . These costs can bankrupt even those with health insurance they thought was solid as a rock . As Congress moves forward with long-overdue legislation to improve and expand health insurance coverage , we should help the millions of Americans drowning in medical debt get a fresh start . By ensuring that the vast majority of Americans have access to affordable health insurance , the broad health care reform legislation being debated in the Senate will reduce the number of bankruptcies caused by medical debt . Even so , uncovered expenses such as lost wages can drive people to bankruptcy . The Medical Bankruptcy Fairness Act would make it easier for those with high levels of medical expenses to discharge their debt and move on with their lives , by lifting unnecessary and burdensome procedural requirements for people who become insolvent because of unavoidable health costs . For example , under the current system , a prospective bankruptcy filer must complete credit counseling , a requirement that includes a fee and is geared to people whose irresponsible spending led to bankruptcy . For Kerry and Patrick Burns , the counseling was a cruel reminder of their loss . They were unable to , and should not have had to , answer the question : What could you have done differently to avoid your financial hardship ? To add to the heartlessness of this nonsensical , government-imposed obligation , the credit counseling was an online program . A person would have seen how inappropriate it was to be asking that question . In addition , the proposed legislation -- which has been offered as an amendment to the larger health care bill and also is pending before the Senate Judiciary Committee as a stand-alone bill -- would give the medically bankrupt increased flexibility in paying attorneys ' fees and a greater chance of retaining their homes . The bill , which would cost the taxpayers nothing , does not propose a bailout or handout . It would merely adjust the current bankruptcy rules to make the process less expensive and more accessible for those on the verge of losing everything because of uncontrollable medical expenses . We hope that Congress will swiftly approve this common sense dose of compassion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elizabeth Edwards and Sheldon Whitehouse .	Authors tell story of Kerry and Patrick Burns , who lost home , went bankrupt after son died Authors : Couple took time off work to be with son and were left with huge medical bills Authors cite study that 62 percent of 2007 personal bankruptcies were medical They write Medical Bankruptcy Fairness Act would help people in such a crisis get fresh start
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard sank a Japanese fishing trawler off the coast of Alaska on Thursday , more than a year after it was swept away by a tsunami off the east coast of Japan , authorities said . The trawler capsized hours after the Coast Guard set fire to it , causing it to begin taking on water , said Petty Officer 1st Class David Mosley , a Coast Guard spokesman . The sinking of the Ryou-Un Maru brought about the end of a journey for the rust-stained ship that drifted across the Pacific Ocean as part of a giant debris field generated by a tsunami that struck Japan following a 9.0 earthquake on March 11 , 2011 . The Coast Guard determined the trawler posed a threat to other ships navigating the area , and had been broadcasting the unmanned , unlit vessel 's location to mariners to alert them to the hazard . The U.S. Geological Survey advised the Coast Guard where the ship 's sinking would have the least environmental impact . "  The potential for a pollution incident is unknown at this time , but officials have limited concerns about any biological threats due to the length of time the vessel has been at sea , " the Coast Guard said in a statement . The Coast Guard opened fire on the Ryou-Un Maru at 1 p.m. Thursday . The ship drifted from Canadian waters into U.S. waters on Saturday , and was located about 180 miles west of the Dixon Entrance in Southeast Alaska , the Coast Guard said . The trawler was first spotted floating near British Columbia by a Canadian military air patrol , and it was then determined that it had been adrift since the tsunami , Canadian officials said last month . The Japan Coast Guard identified the owner of the vessel after being contacted by Canadian officials , who were provided the identification number on the hull . The vessel , which was used for squid fishing , was moored at Hachinohe in the Aomori prefecture when the tsunami hit , Japanese authorities said . A Canadian vessel , the Bernie C , had expressed an interest in salvage , which delayed the operation , but officials deemed that it would be too unsafe to tow or attempt to salvage the vessel , said Coast Guard spokesman Kip Wadlow . CNN 's Leslie Tripp , Tina Burnside , Jake Carpenter , Jack Maddox and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Coast Guard official says Japanese trawler has capsized NEW : It sank about 180 miles west of Southeast Alaska , an official says Authorities say it is a navigation hazard The boat is part of a giant debris field making its way toward North America
CNN  -- Iraqi authorities executed 17 people , including an Egyptian man and two Iraqi women , most of whom were convicted of terrorism , Iraq 's Ministry of Justice said in a statement released Monday . "  The Ministry carried out the executions against the terrorists after it was approved by the presidential council , " the ministry said in the statement . The prisoners were put to death in what appears to be the latest of several executions carried out by authorities in recent months , despite a United Nations call for restraint . Nearly 70 people were executed in Iraq in 2013 , according to CNN tally , and Human Rights Watch reports that more than 120 people were executed between 2011 and 2012 . The executions come as Iraq smolders with sectarian tension and political infighting . Violence in Iraq surged in May , with 1,045 deaths , the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq announced . That had been the deadliest month since 2008 . In June , terrorism and other violence claimed 761 Iraqi lives . And in July , the death toll hit 1,057 , UNAMI said . Insurgent attacks against civilians and security forces persist in the country , though violence has dropped dramatically since the peak of Sunni-Shiite clashes in 2006 and 2007 . Baghdad 's Shiite-dominated government has blamed the recent attacks on Sunni insurgents with ties to al Qaeda .	An Egyptian man and two Iraqi women are among those executed , a statement says It says most of them had been convicted of terrorism This appears to be the latest of several executions in recent months They come despite a United Nations call for restraint
CNN  -- Be warned Novak Djokovic , Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray -- from here on in it 's all about grand slam titles for Roger Federer . The 31-year-old Federer has done it all in the world of tennis , winning more championships than any other male player in history and spending a record number of weeks at the top of the world rankings . But as he approaches the twilight of his glittering career , the 17-time major winner is prioritizing adding to that record haul over returning to the No. 1 spot . After clinching a record-equaling seventh Wimbledon singles title last year , the Swiss maestro occupied the top berth for a 287th week , breaking the previous record held by U.S. icon Pete Sampras . While admitting reaching No. 1 for the first time in 2004 was a special achievement , when asked by CNN 's Leone Lakhani whether he would rather win grand titles or returning to the top , the current No. 2 replied : "  At this stage in my career grand slam titles . "  Last year , to get back to world No. 1 was incredible , but I think it is really the first time you get there . You can not match that up with any other moment , maybe in your career , because it 's such a big thing . "  At this point in my career its titles . I 've won a lot and I feel if I keep playing the way I am I can still achieve a bit more . So I guess its titles now . " Records Since turning professional 15 years ago , Federer has notched up a steady stream of records , but surpassing landmarks has never been something he has paid much attention to . "  I never had a ` to do ' list , " continued the 31-year-old Swiss player . "  It 's really the media who talk about it . "  When I was close to the all-time grand slam record or the all-time weeks at world No. 1 , I was one week away , one slam away , of course you 're going to push to try and beat that , but I never adjusted my schedule accordingly . "  I knew if I played well , records would fall along the way . " Motivation Despite his unparalleled success , in recent years Federer has seen his position as the reigning power in tennis taken by the all-conquering Djokovic . The Serb has won five of his six grand slam titles in the last two years , while world No. 3 Andy Murray has also risen to the top by winning his first major title as well as reaching the last three showpiece finals . It was Britain 's Murray who eliminated Federer at the semifinal stage of last month 's Australian Open , an event Djokovic won . "  I still have the hunger and the urge to achieve more , because I truly love this sport , " added Federer . "  That 's the easiest part for me , the motivational part . "  I get a lot of questions asking how I do it , but for me it 's pretty simple . I wake up in the morning excited to be a tennis player . " Balance Despite his sporting ambition , Federer is very conscious of the importance of spending time with his wife and twin daughters . "  I 'm working hard I 'm training hard , but at the same time I 'm making sure I have enough rest and family time , " said the Swiss star . "  At my stage of my career , I need to make sure I get the balance right . "	Roger Federer would rather win more grand slams than return to No. 1 ranking The Swiss has won 17 grand slam titles , -- more than any other male player in history Federer has spent more weeks at world No. 1 than anyone else The world No. 2 insists motivation is not a problem after 15 years as a professional
CNN  -- In South London , a life-size wax house is melting . In the city 's busy Covent Garden shopping piazza , a building floated above the ground . A 20-minute walk away , a townhouse is flipped on its head . No , you 're not hallucinating . These are the most recent irreverent installations from Alex Chinneck , the British artist making a name for himself with site-specific works that appeal to the imagination and beg for a photo-op . For the past year , he 's been achieving this through architecture . "  Architecture is the fabric and surroundings of our daily and habitual environments , " says Chinneck , 30 . "  It provides a very good canvas for creative exploration and abstraction . " An architectural chapter When I meet with Chinneck at his psychiatric ward-turned-apartment in Hackney  seriously  , Take My Lighting , But Do n't Steal my Thunder -- the polystyrene building floating above Covent Garden -- has just been taken down after its three-week run . "  It was on the national news in 24 countries that piece , and footfall was up 18 percent in respect to trade and the piazza . So that 's just great , " he says . The floating building is part of what Chinneck calls the "  architectural chapter " of his career , which has born four large-scale installations that use the materials , language and shapes associated with the craft . Though he 'd previously used construction materials to create small sculptures , he only recently started working on a larger scale , partly inspired by Rachel Whiteread 's House  a concrete mold of a Victorian house that won the Turner Prize in 1993  and the installations of Richard Wilson . "  It just made sense to integrate those creative explorations into an architectural context and scale , back to where they belonged . " Making the familiar strange What makes Chinneck 's work distinctive -- other than its obvious mind-bending properties -- is how each one seems both at home and out of place in its surrounding neighborhood . A Pound of Flesh for 50p , built in Southwark as part of Merge Festival , would look like a typical Georgian house were it not made of wax and melting a little more each day . The floating building looks like a part of the 184-year-old market has just been plucked and suspended in mid air . "  I do n't like to disrupt a district too much , so the work is contextually sensitive . The material and visual decisions are informed by the district and the area and the architectural language of that region , " he explains . "  The concepts are extremely considered despite their playfulness and simplicity . They 're tailored to their environment and their audience . " His installation in Covent Garden , for example , needed to speak to the piazza 's high levels or foot traffic and tourists to please the commissioning landlords . "  The demographic through the piazza is incredibly eclectic , but it 's very fast-paced and recreational . People come and go , take a photo and move on , so the artwork had to deliver an impact for the Instagram generation . " This last phrase seems to sum up his installations well . The pieces are difficult to execute , simple to enjoy and , he insists , free of any particular meaning or concept . The priority is public enjoyment . Conceptually light , sculpturally complex The response to the floating house , as well as his other works , has been overwhelmingly positive . Along with comments on-site , Chinneck says he regularly receives emails , tweets and links to articles from people who have enjoyed his installations . The owner of a vintage shop near From the Knees of My Nose to the Belly of my Toes , his sliding house in the seaside town of Margate , even gifted him a free suit because of the number of shoppers his installation attracted . Though he tries to avoid the usual traps -- internet comment sections , namely -- Chinneck still receives his share of negative criticism too . He 's grown immune to accusations that his work is pointless , a waste of taxpayers ' money , or , alternately , a waste of private commissioners ' money , but he 's still occasionally frustrated by the assumption that his work is easy or banal because of its simplicity and lack of intellectual intent . "  I do n't understand at what point the experience needed this intellectual justification to be an important and valuable one , " he says . "  I 'm often criticized for this lack of conceptual content . But what we lose in conceptual content we make up for in structural and sculptural complexity . " To wit : The floating house took eight months to realize , and had over 100 people involved from design to construction , The melting house -- which was commissioned , designed and constructed concurrently -- required about 75 people to take care of wax fabrication , carpentry , steelwork , painting and brick-laying . "  With art , and I think really a lot of public art , you create it and then you have to abandon it a little bit , distance yourself from it , because it 's not really yours anymore , " he says . "  There 's no safe place in the public eye . " Creating a legacy With the melting house now a pile of hardened goo being scraped off a pebbled lot  the installation finished Sunday  , and the floating building broken down and hauled away , Chinneck is focusing on the future . He 's currently investigating how to tie the Tate Modern 's distinctive chimney into a knot , and developing a windmill that has fallen from its base , causing the building to spin while the sails remain stuck in the ground , efforts he suspects could trump his past projects in size and ambition . "  I 'm kind of bored by the last and excited by the next , which is a healthy attitude , " he says . "  I think it encourages progress . " The greatest buildings you 'll never see : Priceless monuments lost in conflict Art works that mess with your sense of scale ` Avant gardens ' : When art , design and a whole load of plants collide The most spectacular buildings of 2014	British artist Alex Chinneck creates large-scale installation art inspired by architecture His most recent works include a melting house made of wax , and a floating building in Covent Garden market His installations are largely inspired by the neighborhood they inhabit , and take up to eight months to execute
CNN  -- At least one corner of the solar system may be serving up an ice-and-water sandwich , with the possibility of life on the rocks . NASA researchers , publishing in the journal Planetary and Space Science , have demonstrated that this "  club sandwich " phenomenon may be happening on Ganymede , the largest moon in the solar system and a satellite of Jupiter . This finding means that life could have even arisen on Ganymede . The study suggests there may be a layer of salty water directly on top of Ganymede 's rocky core . Chemical interactions between rock and water could lead to the formation of life , scientists say . "  This is good news for Ganymede , " said lead study author Steve Vance of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in a statement . "  Its ocean is huge , with enormous pressures , so it was thought that dense ice had to form at the bottom of the ocean . When we added salts to our models , we came up with liquids dense enough to sink to the sea floor . " The oceans of Ganymede may have 25 times the volume of Earth 's oceans , scientists said . But Ganymede is also smaller ; it has an average radius of 1,634 miles , about 41 % of Earth 's . There is only a handful of places in the solar system thought to have subsurface oceans . There is strong evidence that Europa , another moon of Jupiter 's , and Saturn 's moons Enceladus and Titan have oceans under ice as well . Jupiter 's moon Callisto is also a contender . Data from NASA 's Cassini spacecraft suggested last month that Enceladus has an ocean at least the size of Lake Superior under its ice layer . Signs of underground ocean found on Saturn moon Vance and colleagues did not visit Ganymede , obviously , but they performed laboratory experiments here on Earth to simulate what would happen to ice and salty water on the Jupiter moon . They showed that the density of liquids goes up with the presence of salt under extreme conditions inside moons such as Ganymede . Because salt ions attract molecules of H2O , liquid water becomes denser when salt is added . There are many forms of ice , which makes modeling conditions on icy moons complex . You are probably most familiar with Ice I , the ice that floats in a soda fountain beverage because it is lighter than water . But ice molecules get packed together more tightly at high pressures , Vance said . In deep oceans , the dense ice would actually be heavier than water , plummeting to the ocean floor . Vance and colleagues use Ice VI to refer to the most dense and heavy ice that Ganymede may have . On this moon , however , scientists believe the saltiest liquid would be so dense that it would be at the very bottom , above the rock . Computer models taking all of that into account suggest that Ganymede has as many as three ice layers with liquid ocean between them . The models also suggest that ice could form in the seawater -- a process that leaves heavy salts to fall down and lighter ice to float up -- an upward snow effect . In the middle of the layers may be slush from that ice that then melts . Scientists do n't know if this model is correct , of course . Senior author Christophe Sotin , also of NASA 's JPL , said in a statement that the "  sandwich " model reflects a stable state , but there are various reasons why the moon might not achieve this structure ; it may even alternate between a "  club sandwich " phase and a structure with fewer layers : light ice , ocean , high-pressure ice . Galileo Galilei discovered Ganymede as well as three other moons of Jupiter in 1610 . These moons contributed to the knowledge that our sun and other planets in our solar system do not orbit the Earth , but rather the solar system revolves around the sun . We may learn more about Ganymede and other moons with the potential of life through a space mission called Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer , or JUICE . The mission , being developed by the European Space Agency , will visit Europa , Callisto and Ganymede . It is scheduled to launch in 2022 .	Ganymede 's oceans may have 25 times the volume of Earth 's Life may arise from chemical interactions between water and rock , scientists say Ganymede is one of several moons in our solar system that may support life
Washington  CNN  -- The United States spent $ 80 billion on spy activities in 2010 , the first time the government has officially announced the total tab for intelligence spending . The amount included $ 53.1 billion on non-military intelligence programs , a 6 percent boost from the previous year , according to a statement released Thursday by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence . The military spent an additional $ 27 billion on its intelligence apparatus , said Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan . No further details were released . The government is required by law to reveal the total amount of money spent to spy on other nations , terrorists and other groups by the CIA , the National Security Agency and the other agencies and offices that make up the 16-member intelligence community . While the total intelligence spending has never formally been announced , this is the fourth year the Office of the Director of National Intelligence has released the national intelligence budget figure for non-military activities . The intelligence community had resisted efforts to reveal the number , arguing that enemies of the United States could learn valuable information by watching trends in spending . The amount designated for military battlefield intelligence had remained classified . Last year , however then-Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair revealed to reporters the total cost for all intelligence gathering was $ 75 billion , and indicated the amount spent on strictly military intelligence was approximately $ 25 billion . At the urging of the commission set up to investigate the 9/11 terrorist attacks , Congress passed a law in 2007 mandating public disclosure of the non-military spending number at the end of each fiscal year . Specific details on how much each agency spends and on what remain classified . The current director of national intelligence , James Clapper , had said at his confirmation hearings this past summer that the budgets for both strategic intelligence and military spying should be officially made public . The head of the Senate Intelligence committee said it is time to pare down non-military intelligence spending , which has doubled since the 9/11 terrorist attacks in 2001 . "  Given the nation 's financial situation , it is my view that the intelligence budget needs to be carefully reviewed and that cuts will be necessary , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , a California Democrat . The senator indicated there is waste and duplication within the budget and added , "  It is clear that the overall spending on intelligence has blossomed to an unacceptable level in the past decade . " Approximately 100,000 people work on national intelligence , with the majority of employees serving at the big four intelligence agencies : the National Security Agency , the CIA , the National Reconnaissance Office and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency . The United States spent $ 49.8 billion on its national intelligence programs in 2009 , $ 47.5 billion in 2008 and $ 43.5 billion in 2007 , according to the previous reports .	$ 53.1 billion was spent on non-military intelligence , the administration says The military spent about $ 27 billion on its spy activities Sen. Dianne Feinstein says there is waste and duplication in the budget
CNN  -- Argentina 's president declared three days of national mourning Wednesday after heavy rains claimed dozens of lives . At least 48 people were killed in La Plata , outside Buenos Aires , officials said Wednesday . "  In 12 hours it has rained what it normally rains in the entire month of April , " Santiago Martorelli , cabinet chief of the city , told the state-run Telam news agency . The rainfall in that period was 13 inches , he said . "  This storm is a catastrophe without precedent , " Martorelli said . Some 3,000 residents of La Plata have evacuated due to the rain , officials said . Earlier , eight storm-related deaths were reported in Buenos Aires , the capital . President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner toured some of the most heavily damaged areas Wednesday evening . "  I have come to see what happened with this disaster , " she said as she entered a flooded home , according to Telam . "  I am not going to leave you alone . " Police patrols in the area will increase , she said , due to residents ' concerns for their safety . "  People told me that they are afraid , " she said , "  beyond what they 've lost . "	NEW : 48 deaths are reported in the city of La Plata NEW : President declares three days of national mourning Earlier , eight deaths were reported in Buenos Aires Officials call it a storm without precedent
Norwegian interior designer Marte Deborah Dalelv has spoken out after being handed a 16-month prison sentence in Dubai -- after she went to police to report she had been raped by a colleague . The 24-year-old was convicted and sentenced on charges of having unlawful sex , making a false statement and illegal consumption of alcohol . Her story is dominating the headlines in Norway , and has raised serious questions over the way women who allege sexual assault are treated in the United Arab Emirates . Dalelv , who had been working at an interior design firm in Qatar since September 2011 , told CNN on Saturday how a work trip to Dubai in March with three colleagues turned into a nightmare . She said she had been out at a bar with her colleagues and friends , and asked a male colleague to walk her to her room when they returned at 3 a.m. to the hotel . She 'd asked him to escort her because the hotel was large and confusing , and she did n't want to be wandering on her own , knowing she 'd been drinking , she said . When they reached a room , she realized it was n't hers -- but the man then pulled her inside despite her vocal objections , according to Dalelv . "  He dragged me by my purse in , so I thought , ` OK , I just need to calm the situation down . I will finish my bottle of water , I will sit here and then I will excuse myself and say I feel fine , ' " she said . That was pretty much the last thing she said she remembers before the alleged sexual assault . "  I woke up with my clothes off , sleeping on my belly , and he was raping me . I tried to get off , I tried to get him off , but he pushed me back down . " After someone knocked -- the hotel wake-up call -- she managed to get dressed and make it downstairs to the hotel reception , Dalelv said . "  I called the police . That is what you do . We are trained on that from when we are very young , " she said . Some 10 or 12 male police officers arrived , but no female police officers were present , she said . Statements were taken from both Dalelv and the alleged rapist . She was then taken to Bur Dubai police station , she said . 6 men convicted of raping Swiss tourist in India After again giving her version of events to officers , Dalelv said , "  They asked me , ` Are you sure you called the police because you just did n't like it ? ' I said , ` Well of course I did n't like it . ' That is when I knew , I do n't think they are going to believe me at all . " Dalelv says she was taken for an intimate medical exam and tested for alcohol consumption . Her belongings were taken and she was kept in jail for four days , she said , with no explanation as to why . Dubai police and UAE government officials have not responded to repeated CNN requests for comment . Dalelv said she managed to call her parents on the third day to tell them she had been raped and ask them to contact the Norwegian Embassy . A day later , a representative from the Norwegian consulate came to the police station and she was released -- but her passport was not returned . A piece of paper with Arabic text was handed to her , she said . An Arabic speaker told her it listed two charges against her : one for sex outside of marriage and the other for public consumption of alcohol . Both are violations of the law in the United Arab Emirates . It was the first time she was made aware that she faced charges , Dalelv said . She was allowed out on bail and has been staying since at the Norwegian Seaman 's Center in Dubai . Subsequently , she said her manager advised her to tell the police it was voluntary sexual intercourse and likely the whole issue would just go away . She followed the advice and in one of the many hearings at the public prosecutor 's office , she made a statement saying it was voluntary . Dalelv was then charged with making a false statement . "  That was my biggest regret because it was n't voluntary . I just thought it would all go away , " she told CNN . But a representative of Al Mana Interiors , who Dalelv worked for , told CNN that she was not advised by her manager to say the sex was consensual but rather by a police officer , who told her that in Arabic and it was translated into English by her manager . Dalelv said a month after the rape , while forced to stay in Dubai as the case wound through the legal system , she was fired . The representative , who declined to be publicly identified , said Dalelv and the Sudanese man she accused -- who is married with three children -- have both been terminated by Al Mana Interiors for "  drinking alcohol at a staff conference that resulted in trouble with the police . " A statement released late Saturday by Al Mana Interiors spokesman Hani El Korek said the company was sympathetic to Dalelv "  during this very difficult situation . " It also said that company representatives were by her side through the initial investigation , spending "  days at both the police station and the prosecutor 's office to help win her release . " "  Only when Ms. Dalelv declined to have positive and constructive discussions about her employment status , and ceased communication with her employer , was the company forced to end our relationship with her , " the statement said . "  The decision had nothing to do with the rape allegation , and unfortunately neither Ms. Dalelv nor her attorneys have chosen to contact the company to discuss her employment status . " Opinion : Gang rapes , the dark side of Egypt 's protests The company is owned by Qatari billionaire Wissam Al Mana , who made headlines earlier this year after it was revealed that he has secretly married singer Janet Jackson in 2012 . Dalelv was convicted Tuesday on all three charges and was sentenced to one year in jail for having unlawful sex , three months in jail for making a false statement and one month for illegal consumption of alcohol . CNN could not immediately confirm what happened to the alleged perpetrator , who was charged with public intoxication and having sex outside of marriage . Dalelv is scheduled to appear at the court on September 5 to begin the appeal proceedings . Dalelv , who is not allowed to leave the UAE pending the appeal , said her lawyers have instructed her to be prepared to go back into jail while they submit a request for bail while the appeal is ongoing . As a rule , CNN does not identify victims of sexual assault , but Dalelv went public with her story . A Facebook page has been set up calling for Dalelv 's release , as well as a petition urging the Norwegian government to take action on her behalf . Her conviction may risk wider diplomatic repercussions . Norwegian Foreign Affairs Minister Espen Barth Eide called his UAE counterpart , Sheikh Abdullah Bin Zayed al-Nahyan , on Friday night to protest Dalelv 's sentencing , a statement from the Norwegian ministry said . "  I emphasized that we believe that the conviction is contrary to fundamental human rights , including conventions that the UAE have officially ratified , " Eide is quoted as saying . "  Norway will continue to do what we can to support her in what is a very difficult situation . Our cooperation with the UAE is strong and good , but I conveyed to my colleague that we are worried that this difficult case may disturb our good relations if we do not reach a good solution in the near future . " Dalelv told CNN she received a call from Eide on Friday reiterating Norway 's support . While Dubai has a reputation as a cosmopolitan city that boasts Western influences , where visitors can drink at bars and restaurants and unmarried couples can share hotel rooms , the country adheres to Islamic laws and traditions . The United Arab Emirates has been heavily criticized by rights groups , which say it condones sexual violence against women . Human Rights Watch has called its record "  shameful , " saying it must change the way it handles such cases . In December 2012 , a British woman reported being raped by three men in Dubai . She was found guilty of drinking alcohol without a license and fined . In January 2010 , a British woman told authorities she was raped by an employee at a Dubai hotel . She was charged with public intoxication and having sex outside of marriage . An Australian woman reported in 2008 that she was drugged and gang-raped . She was convicted of having sex outside marriage and drinking alcohol , and she was sentenced to 11 months in prison . Keeping chivalry alive in India : Men respond to rape crisis	Marte Deborah Dalelv says she was sentenced to prison in Dubai after reporting she was raped The Norwegian alleges she was attacked by a colleague after a night out on work trip Norway 's foreign minister tells UAE her conviction "  is contrary to fundamental human rights " Dubai police and UAE authorities have not responded to CNN 's requests for comment
CNN  -- Tuesday was the first day of classes at the Portland , Oregon , school where Kyron Horman allegedly was last seen in early June . The new year at Skyline Elementary also brings additional security measures to protect the children and staff . In a letter to parents , Principal Ben Keefer said video cameras will be installed this weekend at Skyline . "  These cameras will show external views of the building as well as the main hallway , " he wrote . Also , security procedures will be reviewed to ensure they are effective , he added . Tributes , messages , posters and cards that adorned a "  Wall of Hope " for the missing 7-year-old boy were moved Tuesday from school property to a fence outside a nearby fire station , said the Multnomah County Sheriff 's Office . "  We 're happy that the fire district can provide this service to the community , " said Tualatin Valley Fire & Rescue Communications Officer Brian Barker . "  Our hearts go out to Kyron 's family and we all hope for a positive resolution to this case . " The criminal investigation into Kyron 's disappearance has now entered its fourth month with no signs of the child . Police searches are ongoing as officials ask the public for tips and leads on his whereabouts . Kyron 's stepmother , Terri Horman , who said she dropped him off at school on the morning of June 4 , has been the subject of intense scrutiny for several months . In divorce filings , her ex-husband , Kaine Horman , said he believes that Terri Horman "  is involved in the disappearance of my son Kyron . " Court documents also allege Terri Horman attempted to hire a man to kill her husband . Investigators are seeking anyone who may have seen a white pickup truck believed to have been driven by Terri Horman on the morning Kyron vanished . Thursday will mark Kyron 's eighth birthday . Desiree Young , his biological mother , said she will celebrate the birthday by releasing red balloons outside a church in Medford , Oregon .	Video cameras are being put in place at Skyline Elementary in Portland Police continue to search and seek witnesses Kyron Horman 's father has said he thinks his now-ex-wife was involved
CNN  -- Planning on building an igloo or snowman this winter ? Sorry , we 're not impressed . The neighborhood kids might not be , either , after they see what ice sculptors have planned for the 2014 Harbin Ice and Snow Festival . Kicking off on January 5 , this frosty wonderland in northern China features crazy sculptures made from massive ice blocks and illuminated with colorful LED lights . Sculptors have been carving away with ice picks , chisels and lasers for the last two weeks in preparation . The result is an exhibition of extravagant castles , a Colosseum and Empire State Building , all made with ice blocks from the frozen Songhua River . Is anything in China not getting bigger ? Celebrating its 30th anniversary in 2014 , the winter festival gets more impressive and more extravagant each year . The highlight is a towering replica of the Hallgrimskirkja church in Reykjavik , Iceland . According to organizers , the structure is the tallest ice sculpture in China  46 meters  and was made with 12,000 meters of ice . The replica features a 240-meter-long slide for visitors . Apart from replicas , the North Korea Pyongyang National Acrobatic Troupe will perform . Visitors can skate on ice rinks and snowboard . As China 's most famous and popular winter attraction , the festival has drawn a combined 28.5 million visitors in the past two years . To combat Harbin 's sub-zero temperatures , organizers have set up 13 hot beverage stations around the park and offer complementary ginger tea at its concierge hall . Depending on weather , the festival is open until March 2014 . Harbin Ice and Snow Festival , Songbei , Harbin , Heilongjiang , China ; +8645184884363 ; RMB 300  $ 50  for adult entrance	Harbin Ice and Snow Festival kicks off January 5 Festival gets more extravagant each year Replica of Iceland 's Hallgrimskirkja church made with 12,000 meters of ice Fest attendance 28.5 million visitors over past two years
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- Julian Castro is ready for his close-up . The Mayor of San Antonio is already a hot commodity in his home state of Texas and throughout the Southwest . Tonight , when the 37-year-old steps up to the lectern and becomes the first Latino to deliver a keynote speech at the Democratic Convention , the rest of the country will get a chance to see what all the fuss is about . There 's a lot to see . I 've known Julian for eight years , and I 've interviewed him a dozen times . He 's one-half of a dynamic duo ; his twin brother , Joaquin , a Texas state representative who is a shoo-in to win a new congressional seat in November , will introduce him tonight . Both are graduates of Stanford University and Harvard Law School . Preview Castro 's speech With the news that one brother would introduce another , what was already going to be a big story for the Latino community in America -- 50.5 million strong , 16 percent of the U.S. population on its way to 25 percent a few decades -- just became a huge story . The optics will be out of this world . According to the polls , Obama is still ahead of Romney by more than 30 points with Latino voters . But Obama 's Latino support has taken a hit because of his heavy-handed immigration enforcement record . Now , thanks to the Castros , do n't be surprised if that support jumps 5 points overnight . The twins ' message will be something like this : Thanks to the hard work and sacrifice of our family , we have lived the American Dream . We love our community and our country , and -- if you support this president and this party -- more of these types of stories will be written . Mitt Romney 's Latino outreach efforts are about to take a direct hit . I spent the morning of the speech shadowing my friend from one media interview to another , and squeezing in a few questions of my own whenever I could : -- About what it 's like to live a moment like this : "  The enormity of it is really impressive , " Castro told me . "  This is one of those moments where you know you need to be enjoying it as it 's happening , but that 's also hard to do because it 's moving so fast . " -- About what he hopes his 3 1/2 - year-old daughter Carina , who accompanied her father to Charlotte and knows only that "  Daddy is giving a big speech , " takes away from tonight when she reads press clippings years from now : "  What I hope is that one day when she watches it that she understands that her family came here and sacrificed and worked hard to achieve the American Dream , " he said . "  And that this was the moment , the pinnacle of it . And I hope that she 's very proud . And I also hope , like any dad , that she goes further than I did . " Live blog : Democratic National Convention -- About what he hopes his speech will mean to his mother , Rosie , who a generation ago was active in the Raza Unida Party  a third party born in the 1970s out of frustration with both Democrats and Republicans : "  I hope that my mother takes away that all her generation did , the sacrifices she made , the activism that she engaged in with folks of her generation , led us to this moment , " Castro said . "  This is the wonderful progress that the country has achieved not just for them but for so many Americans , that America has lived up to its highest ideals and our family is one example of that . " -- Lastly , about the reaction he 's getting from the large contingent of Spanish-language media that is covering the convention , whose audience is more Mexican than Mexican-American , more immigrant than native-born : "  The interviews are always very warm , " he said . "  You can hear in people 's voices a certain pride and aspiration , and of course that feels very good to me . I just want to make sure that I do a great job , and that I do n't let people down . " There is little chance of that . The Castros do n't let people down ; they lift people up . Get ready , America . A new generation offers a leader . And a population of people who helped build this remarkable country , and who have repeatedly answered the call to defend it , have finally come into their own . We Mexican-Americans are known for our humility . But is there pride in that ? You had better believe it . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Julian Castro is the first Latino to deliver a keynote speech at the DNC Ruben Navarrette : Castro will help Obama gain votes among Latinos He says Mitt Romney 's Latino outreach efforts are about to take a direct hit Navarrette : Latinos ca n't be more proud of Castro , who is a rising political star
CNN  -- A Belgian city has decided to go "  veggie " for a day in an effort to highlight the environmental and health costs of eating meat . Stock breeding is a significant contributor to global greenhouse gas emissions . The city authorities in Ghent , some 50 kilometers  30 miles  west of Brussels , have declared Thursdays "  Veggie Day , "  Veggiedag  and are asking residents to get involved and opt for vegetarian meals at least one day a week . It says Ghent is the first city in Europe to try such a scheme . According to the city 's campaign publicity , eating less meat can help to minimize the ecological footprint of your food because stock breeding has a detrimental impact on the environment . It points to data from the United Nations which says livestock is responsible for generating around 18 percent of the world 's greenhouse gas emissions . It is also hoped that Veggie Day will have a positive health impact in the fight against diet-related illnesses such as obesity , cancer and diabetes . On Wednesday organizers provided residents with meat-free recipes and a list of vegetarian restaurants at a "  launch party " in the center of the city . Ghent claims to have more vegetarian eateries per inhabitant than Paris , London and Berlin . Demonstrations were also on offer to people looking for green cooking tips .	Thursdays will be declared "  Veggie Days " in Ghent Residents asked to opt for vegetarian meals at least once a week City says eating less meat is healthy and can minimize ecological footprint
CNN  -- So this is Christmas . A coquettish Santa Claus , rocking a sexy version of his traditional red suit while doing his best Marilyn Monroe "  Seven Year Itch " pose . The wide-mouthed blowup doll was erected outside a mall in Taiyuan , the capital of China 's northern Shanxi province , to appeal to shoppers and tourists . Santa Monroe 's face , like some other displays around the world , is n't entirely what the holiday season is all about and certainly rather extreme . China is n't Germany , for example -- a country in which you 'd expect to find yourself caught up in the Christmas spirit . But not unlike other parts of the world , every November many shopping malls , hotels , restaurants and other commercial venues across China coat themselves in a sugary sweet layer of beautiful and occasionally unusual trees , festive light displays and other holiday kitsch . And they can come by the decorations cheap thanks to the Chinese city of Yiwu , often called "  The Christmas Capital of the World " for the high number of factories producing holiday decorations that are exported globally . Though there are reports Christianity is on the rise in China , it would n't be accurate to say most ordinary Chinese equate Christmas with religion or the celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ . It 's not a public holiday in China so all businesses and schools remain open on December 25 . That has n't stopped many locals from buying into the gift giving and party traditions of the season . It 's a trend retail outlets are more than happy to cater to , piping Christmas music through speakers and laying on the tinsel to get shoppers in the mood to spend . If you really want to enjoy the season , there 's no Christmas theme but China 's most wintery attraction is the annual Harbin Ice and Snow Sculpture Festival . Though it does n't officially kick off until January 5 , many of the displays go up in mid-December and are open for visitors .	Santa Claus doll outside China shopping mall imitates Marilyn Monroe 's famous "  Seven Year Itch " pose In China , Santa Claus is referred to as "  Christmas Old Man " Christmas is not a public holiday in China , so all businesses and schools remain open
CNN  -- With nothing more than a piano , a little black dress and a microphone , Adele rouses crowds using her emotions and her voice . It 's her modus operandi , and it 's likely how viewers will see the British songstress perform at the Grammy Awards on Sunday . The awards show will be Adele 's first time taking the stage since she underwent laser microsurgery on a benign polyp on her vocal cords in November . That , in addition to the fact that she 's credited with the music industry 's 2011 uptick , means all eyes will certainly be on her . Nominated for six Grammy Awards , including nods for album of the year and song of the year , Adele surprised fans when she tweeted about her impending performance . Keith Caulfield , the associate director of charts at Billboard , said he expects the singer to captivate viewers on Sunday night , just as she did at the BRIT Awards in February 2011 and then again at the MTV Video Music Awards in August . "  On the off chance that she has a bum note , everyone has survived from a not great performance , " Caulfield said . "  I do n't expect anything less than really good . " And still , a simple performance will be enough , he added . "  You do n't see pyrotechnics and fog behind Adele , " Caulfield said . "  She does n't need that . ... There are no bells and whistles . It 's just her , great song writing , a beautiful voice and great charisma . " Having already spent 18 weeks atop Billboard 's Hot 200 , sold more than 6 million albums and spawned three chart-topping singles , Adele 's ballads have also become anthems for scorned lovers everywhere . "  Every year , some album ends up at No. 1 , " said David Bakula , Nielsen 's senior vice president of analytics for entertainment . "  There 's always going to be something that rises to the top . But when it 's this unique and sales are this unprecedented , it 's special . " Album sales rose in 2011 , marking the music industry 's first uptick since Usher 's "  Confessions " sold 8 million units in 2004 . And Adele is partially to thank for the boom . Sales from her two albums -- her 2008 debut , "  19 , " and "  21 , " her sophomore album , released early last year -- accounted for 2 % of all industry album sales in 2011 . "  19 " sold 460,000 units in 2009 , the year Adele won two Grammys for the album . But , more than three years after its release , the singer 's catalog title had its best week in December , selling 71,000 units , Bakula said . And so Adele finished out 2011 with two of the year 's best-selling albums . "  It does take a very special artist , and a very special song and album release , to move the type of quantities we 're talking about here , " Bakula said . According to Nielsen SoundScan , "  21 " is the first album to sell more than 1 million digital copies in a year . "  People say , ` How can there still be 100,000 people who do n't have this album ? ' ... It just shows the latent demand for great music out there , " Bakula said . And there 's a good chance that after Adele performs at the Grammys , the numbers will continue to grow throughout 2012 , he added . "  Every day , more and more people are just discovering her , or just being convinced that they should buy her album and not be content with listening to her on Spotify or YouTube , " said Caulfield , the associate director of charts at Billboard . Speculation was heavy as to whether the British chanteuse would be able to perform at the Grammys after her surgery . Since the debut of her sophomore album , there have been breathless reviews and almost constant praise heaped upon the single-named singer . She 's even crossed over into meme territory in the form of a "  S *** Adele says " video . During her February 2011 appearance on E! 's "  Chelsea Lately , " Adele said she sees the constantly evolving interest in her music firsthand at her shows . "  I love seeing the way people respond to my music , " she said . "  I love it when , like , a husband or a partner gets dragged along who does n't want to be there , and you 've got to win them over because they 're giving you the evil  eye  . ... And by the end , they 're hugging their girlfriend ... or crying . I love it . " Because her vocal cord issues forced her to cancel the remainder of her 2011 appearances , she was n't able to convert the disillusioned partners that might have been present at her shows . After falling ill , Adele stayed off the radar to rest up , Caulfield said , adding , "  Meanwhile , her singles are going to No. 1 , her albums continue to sell -- that 's the kind of career an artist would kill for . ... Everyone else is slogging around ... doing TV shows and concert tours . " Bakula agreed , referencing artists such as Lady Gaga and Katy Perry , who made their presence known in 2011 with advertisements and various appearances . Yet , Adele 's singles are still permanent fixtures on the radio , but not in the same way that Bruno Mars and the Black Eyed Peas are , Yahoo.com music columnist Paul Grein said . "  Some pop artists  live and die by their latest hit single , " Grein said . "  And Adele , even though she 's having big hits , too ... you have the sense that her career probably wo n't always be as a big radio star . " She could be compared to someone like Sade , he said , "  who has had hits , or not had hits , but has sold albums throughout a very long career . " Regardless of how we 're hearing her music , Caulfield said , many people are finding it "  refreshing that it is n't necessarily programmed for your enjoyment . " In fact , some people have said her music is actually programmed to play in the background while you weep . And there 's a "  Saturday Night Live " sketch to prove it . One Boston Globe writer even profiled a few people brave enough to admit to crying along to Adele 's "  Someone Like You . " "  Adele  really struck a chord at the right time , " Bakula said . "  As soon as people heard it , it was gold . Well , platinum , in this case . "	Adele will perform at the Grammy Awards on Sunday night It will be her first performance since undergoing surgery on a benign polyp The British singer 's sales have helped give the music industry a boost
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States is keeping a close eye on Pakistan after this week 's Taliban surge into the Buner district brought them just 60 miles from the capital , Islamabad . A Taliban fighter in the district of Buner , which is only 96 kilometers from Islamabad . A Pakistani government official said Friday that the insurgents had completely withdrawn from the district by the end of the week , but a human rights group said people in Buner were reporting that local Taliban remained in the district . And senior U.S. officials cautioned that any withdrawal by the Taliban was likely meaningless and that the fundamentalist group now holds large areas of the country with the government seemingly unable to stop them . "  We 're certainly moving closer to the tipping point , " Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff said on NBC 's "  Today " show Friday . In the interview from Afghanistan , Mullen said he was "  extremely concerned " about indications the Taliban is moving closer to Pakistan 's capital of Islamabad . Syed Mohammed Javed , commissioner of the Malakand Division that includes Buner , said the Taliban withdrew on Friday without any conditions . Earlier in the day , Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan told CNN that the militants would pull back from the district . Pakistani Express TV showed live footage of armed and masked Taliban militants in Buner , loading pickup trucks and driving away . Sufi Muhammed , an Islamist fundamentalist leader who has been negotiating on behalf of the Taliban , was on scene overseeing the withdrawal , police said . U.S. military commander Gen. David Petraeus credited about 300 Pakistan 's Frontier Corps with driving Taliban militants out of Buner . The U.S. Central Command chief spoke to CNN on Friday after testifying before a Congressional panel about the need for the United States to boost its support for Pakistani counterinsurgency troops such as the Frontier Corps . But Amnesty International 's regional chief said people in Buner are reporting a different situation . "  What we 're hearing from people in Buner ... is that the Taliban that have moved out are the non-local ones , " Sam Zarifi , Amnesty 's Asia Pacific director , told CNN . "  So the local branch of the Taliban are still in place in Buner . " Amnesty International is concerned that those local Taliban will continue to enforce the Taliban 's "  abusive and repressive " control of Buner . Girls over the age of 7 are forced to wear a burka , a head-to-toe covering that the Taliban say is required of Muslims under its radical interpretation of Islamic law , or sharia . "  I think we 're going to see those harsh edicts stay , " Zarifi said . The Taliban installed strict Islamic law when it took over Afghanistan after a two-year fight with warlords , many of whom surrendered without a fight . They fought with a coalition of some of those warlords known as the Northern Alliance from 1996 until U.S. forces , seeking the leadership of al Qaeda after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , added bombing raids to Northern Alliance ground operations and successfully drove the Taliban out of most of Afghanistan . iReport : Should the U.S. intercede in Pakistan ? But the Taliban regrouped in 2004 , launching a guerrilla war against the Afghan government while operating from the tribal areas of that country and Pakistan . Meanwhile , senior U.S. officials said that the "  retreat " was likely meaningless . Control was the impetus behind the Taliban move into Buner , and the fundamentalist group now controls large areas of Pakistan , they said . The officials said , however , that they did not believe the Taliban 's goal was to take over the government of Pakistan but rather to create instability by taking advantage of Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari 's apparent inability to cope with the situation . Zardari , they said , does not understand the gravity of the situation , remains distracted by domestic politics and appears unable to make critical decisions to deploy the army to stabilize the country . State Department envoy Richard Holbrooke has been on the phone "  nonstop " with officials in Islamabad and Washington , the officials said , providing frequent information to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President Obama . Holbrooke 's read on the situation , officials familiar with the conversation said , is that the Pakistani government does not know how to handle the situation and is looking to the United States for direction . A senior military official , however , presented a more dire case . Pakistan is "  rapidly deteriorating , " he said . He said that he could not rule out the possibility of a military takeover in Islamabad , although he added that such a prospect was not in the immediate future . As for Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal , he said the weapons "  are safe for now " but that the United States is monitoring the safety systems in place . Administration officials said that the Pakistani military had assured the United States it would not act without an express order from the civilian leadership . Earlier this week , Clinton warned that nuclear-armed Pakistan was in danger of falling into terrorist hands . Before the Taliban 's apparent withdrawal Friday , a local Pakistani official expressed doubt about whether the militants would leave , as they pledged to local elders on Thursday . "  Nobody can trust them , " Sardar Hussain Babik , the provincial education minister , said by phone from Buner . The Taliban have broken promises before and probably would do so again , he said . Militants who swarmed into Buner subsequently locked up courthouses , seized court documents and battled Pakistani troops who were sent to protect residents . The militants said they took control of the district to ensure that Islamic law was properly imposed . The Pakistani government called the land grab a breach of a recent peace agreement . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Elise Labott , Ivan Watson , Tricia Escobedo and Samson Desta contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistan situation "  rapidly deteriorating , " says senior U.S. military official NEW : U.S. officials : Any Taliban withdrawal from Pakistani territory likely meaningless NEW : Fundamentalists hold large areas of the country , military officials say Pakistan had reported Taliban withdrawal from captured district 60 miles from capital
CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI urged warring parties in Syria on Tuesday to end the 21-month-old civil war . "  May peace spring up for the people of Syria , deeply wounded and divided by a conflict which does not spare even the defenseless and reaps innocent victims , " the pope said in his traditional Christmas message , delivered from the balcony of St. Peter 's Basilica . "  Once again , I appeal for an end to the bloodshed , easier access for the relief of refugees and the displaced , and dialogue in the pursuit of a political solution to the conflict . " Read more : Syrian military police chief defects to join ` the people 's revolution ' Sunni Muslims make up three-quarters of Syria 's 22.5 million people . But Christians , who represent 10 % of the population , have been drawn into the war , which has largely been fought by the Alawite-dominated government and the largely Sunni opposition . Christians have been historically protected by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad , and have been reluctant to take sides . Some Christians in Syria abhor al-Assad , and others support the government . Many have been apprehensive about the prospects of an opposition government and fear the influx of jihadists in rebel ranks . Jaramana , a town in the Damascus suburbs with a Christian and Druze population that has mostly been pro-regime , was the site of violence Monday night . Read more : U.N. envoy meets with Syrian president as deaths mount The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said rebels ambushed and killed a military intelligence officer there . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition network , said Tuesday that Free Syrian Army rebels killed five military intelligence soldiers in clashes with government forces . A report issued last week by the U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Syria focused on sectarian hostilities and referred to dangers faced by Christians . It cited a car bombing outside a bakery in Jaramana and the kidnapping of Christians in September . Read more : Opposition : More than 100 Syrians killed in bakery attack Before the conflict started in March 2011 , the largest Christian communities were in the Damascus , Aleppo and Homs regions , it said . But many Christians have fled their homes because of the violence . Homs Christians have escaped to Damascus , and some have made their way to Beirut ; Armenians who had been living in Syria have sought refuge in Armenia . Syria 's Armenian Orthodox and other Christian communities "  have sought protection by aligning themselves with the government , with the consequence that they have come under attack from anti-government armed groups , " the report said . Read more : Refugee figures fail to give true picture of Syria crisis Some Christians have formed "  armed self-defense groups to protect their neighborhoods from anti-government fighters by establishing checkpoints around these areas . " More than 40,000 Syrians have been killed since March 2011 , and hundreds of thousands have been displaced from their homes . At least 171 people were killed Tuesday , the LCC said . Of those , 61 died in Damascus and its suburbs . The Syrian Observatory reported that rebel fighters had taken over the town of Harem in Idlib province . Regime forces and militia allies surrendered ; many of them and pro-government civilians died during clashes , it said . Tuesday 's violence occurred after two days of air assaults on Syrians who had been waiting on line for bread . An air assault in Homs province killed at least 15 people Monday , a day after more than 100 were killed at a bakery in Hama province , opposition activists said . Both bombings took place in areas known for anti-government sentiment . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  blamed "  armed terrorist groups " for the Hama province attack . Read more : U.N. envoy meets with Syrian president as deaths mount Doctor : Mystery gas kills six , injures dozens A doctor in Homs said six people have died after exposure to a mysterious gas . Dr. Abu al Fida said he treated about 30 of the more than 60 people who were affected by the gas this week . Those who were close to the source of the gas suffered symptoms such as paralysis , seizures , muscle spasms and , in some cases , blindness , he said . Those who were farther from the source suffered difficulty breathing , disorientation , hallucinations , nervousness and a lack of limb control similar to excessive tear gas exposure , he said . Al Fida said those affected responded well to atropine , which is used to treat sarin gas patients , but it was unclear what the substance may have been . He said the gas appeared as a white flash that went clear . Opposition activist Rami Abdulrahman , director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , said six rebel fighters died after inhaling a white gas that had no smell . "  Gas was released and spread in the area after members of the regime forces threw canister bombs , " Abdulrahman said . " ... The activists said that everyone who  inhaled  the gas felt severe headaches , and some had seizures . " CNN can not independently confirm government or opposition reports from Syria because the government has severely restricted access by journalists . State-run SANA quoted Fyodor Lukyanov , the editor-in-chief of the journal Russia in Global Affairs , as warning that "  allegations of the Syrian government using chemical weapons could be excuses for foreign military intervention in Syria . " It added , "  In a statement to journalists on Tuesday , Lukyanov said that the reports on chemical weapons in Syria could be exploited to undermine the authorities and motivate foreign forces , stressing that there 's no proof that chemical weapons have been used and that these reports seem to be another round of the media war against Syria . " U.S. President Barack Obama has previously warned that any use of chemical weapons by Syria in its civil war would be crossing a "  red line " that would prompt a swift U.S. response . Diplomatic front : More talks , but no clear results On the diplomatic front , U.N. peace envoy Lakhdar Brahimi met Tuesday with members of the National Opposition Coordination Commission at a hotel in Damascus . Commission Chairman Hassan Abdel Azim said possible solutions to the crisis were reviewed with the envoy . The group is seen as a government-approved opposition group or regime front . It is not recognized by other opposition groups , such as the LCC or the Free Syrian Army . Read more : U.N. announces $ 1.5 billion aid effort for Syrian refugees Tuesday 's meeting came a day after Brahimi met with al-Assad . The LCC on Tuesday laid out its demands for peace talks . It said it would reject any initiative that would force Syrians "  to choose between accepting unfair compromises or the continuation of the regime 's crimes against them . " The group also warned against granting the government "  more time to continue to destroy and kill . " The LCC said that the president and his officials must leave power in order for any initiative to work , and that any plan to give the government immunity against prosecution would be "  immediately rejected , as it threatens the chance for Syrians to succeed in achieving justice . " In Bahrain , the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council called for an immediate end to violence in Syria , and pledged support for the opposition , Kuwaiti state-run news said . Members of the group , such as Qatar and Saudi Arabia , have supported the Syrian opposition . The four other Gulf Cooperation Council members are the United Arab Emirates , Kuwait , Bahrain and Oman . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Samira Said and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Gas reports "  could be excuses for foreign military intervention " A flare-up is reported in a Christian-Druze enclave outside Damascus Rebels hold a town in Idlib province , says opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights A mysterious gas kills six people in Homs , a doctor and an opposition group say
Freetown , Sierra Leone  CNN  -- Millions of people will breathe a sigh of relief that Charles Taylor has finally been held to account for the years of violence , misery and suffering that he brought to the people of West Africa . Taylor , a former president of Liberia , was found guilty after a lengthy trial by a special court sitting in The Hague for aiding and abetting rebels during the bloody conflict in Sierra Leone between 1996 and 2002 . The violence in Sierra Leone shocked the world as thousands of civilians were caught up in the fighting . Limbs were hacked off as punishment , mass killings and gang rape were common and thousands of children were forced to fight or become sex slaves . The survivors still struggle with the mental and physical scars of their ordeals . Incredibly , despite the tens of thousands of cases of documented atrocities , only 13 people have been held to account for these crimes . And , under a 1999 amnesty agreement drawn up in a desperate bid to end the fighting , Taylor may be the last to stand trial for what happened . Everyone else -- his commanders and lieutenants and fighters on all sides -- remain free to go about their lives as if nothing happened . Taylor 's conviction brings some measure of justice to the people of Sierra Leone , but it is only the first step in a long journey back to normalcy for the people . Years after the end of the war , people are still grappling with the challenges and the legacies of the violence . Since the Truth and Reconciliation Commission published its report in 2004 , only a limited number of recommendations on reparations have been implemented . Without a long-term , sustainable plan and sufficient funds to assist survivors to rebuild their lives , many are begging in the streets for a living . Failing to prosecute the perpetrators of crimes under international law gives the impression that they will not have to face the consequences of their actions . It ignores the distress of the victims and creates a risk of further violations . The failure to address impunity weakens state institutions , denies human values and debases the whole of humanity . Prosecutions serve to clarify the truth about what happened , establish accountability for human rights abuses and contribute to building confidence in the rule of law . Without them , victims are left to suffer without official acknowledgment of the crimes committed against them or assistance to rebuild their lives . Although the initial prosecutions of Taylor and his cronies were restricted to those individuals considered to bear the "  greatest responsibility " for crimes under international law , the government of Sierra Leone authorities must now move to hold others to account . It must rescind the 1999 amnesty and strengthen and build an independent criminal justice system so that further investigations and prosecutions can be made . Justice needs to go hand in hand with peace . In neighboring Liberia , similar violence between 1989-1996 and 1999-2003 saw countless attacks on civilians resulting in death , disfigurement and displacement . As in Sierra Leone , government and armed opposition groups used rape and other forms of sexual violence against women and girls as deliberate strategies , as a weapon of war and to instil terror . Women of all ages were victims , including very young girls and older women . It is estimated that as much as 60-70 % of the population suffered some form of sexual violence during the conflict . By the end of the war in Liberia , more than 20,000 children were believed to be involved in the conflict . Both boys and girls were abducted and forced to fight , carry ammunition , prepare food or go to the front line . In many cases , child soldiers were forced to carry out killings , torture , rape and other forms of sexual violence , looting and abducted and forcibly recruiting other children . Currently , there are no plans for Liberian authorities to investigate the crimes under international law committed during the 14-year conflict . Instead , the people in Liberia are expected to forgive and forget the past and just move on . But , like the people of Sierra Leone , the victims of past human rights violations in Liberia have the right to know the truth , obtain justice and be granted full reparations for what they suffered . With similar investigations now under way involving grave crimes committed in northern Uganda , Darfur and the Democratic Republic of Congo , Taylor 's conviction sends a signal that authorities are finally moving to end impunity , establish the rule of law , promote and encourage respect for human rights and restore and maintain international peace and security . But official moves to hold perpetrators to account must be transparent , comprehensive and fair . They must remember and involve the thousands of victims . And they must ensure that justice is done . Otherwise , those who committed some of the most egregious crimes imaginable are getting away with murder . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brima Sheriff .	During Sierra Leone fighting , limbs were hacked off as punishment Brima Sheriff says survivors still struggle with mental and physical scars He says Taylor 's conviction sends signal authorities moving to end impunity Moves to hold perpetrators to account must be transparent and fair , he says
CNN  In 1796 , in his final annual address to Congress , President George Washington called for the creation of : " ... a National University ; and also a Military Academy . The desirableness of both these Institutions , has so constantly increased with every new view I have taken of the subject , that I can not omit the opportunity of once for all , recalling your attention to them . " The Military Academy was soon built at West Point . But despite leaving $ 22,222 for its establishment  a lot of money back then  in his last will and testament , Washington 's National University never came to pass . Instead , lawmakers chose to rely on state governments and religious denominations to build and finance new colleges and universities . Today , the American higher education system is in crisis . The price of college has grown astronomically , forcing students and parents to take out loans that now exceed $ 1.2 trillion in outstanding debt . Many of those loans are falling into default as graduates struggle to find work . The latest research suggests that our vaunted universities are producing graduates who have n't learned very much . The time has come to revive George Washington 's great idea , in 21st century form . Advances in information technology that would have seemed like pure magic in colonial times mean we can now create a 21st Century National University that will help millions of students get a high-quality , low-cost college education -- without hiring any professors , building any buildings or costing the taxpayers a dime . To see how , it helps to understand the three ways the federal government currently supports higher education . Two of them are well known . First , the Defense Department , National Institutes of Health , and other federal agencies spend hundreds of billions of dollars financing university-based research , contributing to countless scientific breakthroughs and commercial innovations . Second , the U.S. Department of Education provides $ 150 billion annually in grants and loans to help students pay for college . As tuitions rise and states continue to slash funding for public universities  Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker recently proposed $ 300 million in new cuts  , the federal government has become the college financier of last resort . But there is a third essential federal role in higher education that is far less well known . In many ways , it 's the most important of them all , and the key to creating a 21st Century National University . In addition to funding colleges , the federal government approves colleges . It does this through a little-understood process called accreditation . To be eligible for those billions of research and financial aid dollars , colleges must be accredited . Technically , accreditors are nonprofit organizations run by consortia of existing colleges . But in order to make a college eligible for federal money , accreditors must first be approved by the federal government . Without that approval and the money that goes along with it , both colleges and accreditors would immediately close up shop . In other words , Uncle Sam ultimately decides who gets to be an American college and grant college degrees . So , here 's the big idea : In order to build a 21st Century National University , all the federal government has to do is something very simple : Approve itself . In George Washington 's days , this would have been only the first step of a process subsequently involving the construction of an actual university . Doing this today would accomplish little in solving the higher education crisis , because physical universities cost billions of dollars to construct from scratch and can still only enroll a handful of the many students who ca n't afford a good education . Fortunately , there 's no need for new buildings -- or , for that matter , administrators , libraries , faculty , and all the rest . Existing colleges and universities , flush with federal dollars , have already created all the essential building blocks for National U. Anyone with an Internet connection can log on to Coursera , edX , saylor.org , and many other websites offering high-quality online courses , created by many of the world 's greatest universities and taught by tenured professors , for free . Tens of millions of students have already signed up for these courses over the last four years . Yet enrollment in traditional colleges has n't flagged , and prices have continued to rise . The reason is clear . The free college providers ca n't  or wo n't  give online students the one thing they need more than anything else : a college degree . Elite universities like Harvard and Stanford do n't want to dilute their exclusive brands . Nonelite universities do n't want to give away something they 're currently selling for a lot of money . That 's where the federal government comes in . With some authorizing language from Congress and a small , one-time start-up budget , the U.S. Department of Education could create a nonprofit , bipartisan organization with only two missions : approving courses and granting degrees . Do n't worry , federal bureaucrats wo n't be in charge of academic matters . Instead , National U. would hire teams of leading scholars to evaluate and approve courses . Some of the decisions should n't be difficult . For example , this week , edX is launching a free , nine-week-long online course called "  Introduction to Computational Thinking and Data Science . " It will be taught by Dr. Eric Grimson , who is the chancellor of the renowned Massachusetts Institute of Technology , and Dr. John Guttag , who leads the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory 's Data Driven Medical Research Group . The course materials mirror those taught to some of the smartest students in the world on MIT 's campus in Cambridge , Massachusetts . It seems likely that this is a good course . National U. , moreover , would n't be limited to courses from existing colleges . Any higher education provider , public or private sector , could submit a course for approval . Those that are n't already accredited would pay a fee to cover the cost of evaluation . National U. would also map out which courses students need to take to earn an associate or bachelor 's degree . This wo n't be difficult , since existing colleges have already established a standard set of requirements : a certain number of approved lower - and upper-division courses , plus an approved sequence in an academic major , adding up to 60 or 120 credits . Once students complete the credits , National U. will grant them a degree . While many of the courses will be free , students will bear small costs for taking exams through secure online channels or in-person testing facilities .  Textbooks will be free and open-source  . Students will also pay a modest fee of a few hundred dollars for the degree itself , enough to defray the operating costs of National U. Lower-income students will be able to pay for those expenses using the same federal grant and loan programs they currently use to pay tuition at accredited colleges . Since National U. will likely be much cheaper , this will actually save the taxpayers money in the long run . If it all sounds too good to be true , keep in mind that free online courses from the likes of MIT are a very recent phenomenon . Higher education policies just have n't adapted to them -- yet . The federal government 's higher education approval powers are long-established . Now it just needs to use them on behalf of students , instead of traditional colleges and universities that are charging far too much . George Washington was right all along .	In 1796 , Washington called for a national university and even left money behind to fund it Kevin Carey : We could build a 21st century version of a national university at no cost to taxpayers
Malakal , South Sudan  CNN  -- South Sudan forces have captured a disputed oil-rich area along the border with Sudan , escalating tensions between the two longtime rivals and threatening a return to war . Sudan claims the oil fields in the town of Heglig , which account for about half of the nation 's oil production . A spokesman for South Sudan 's military said Wednesday that his country 's soldiers have been defending the territory from attacks by Sudanese forces for the past two days . South Sudan 's military now occupies oil fields and other areas of Heglig , according to Philip Aguer , the spokesman . "  That is South Sudan , " he said . "  Khartoum has refused to demarcate the border . We know where the border is . " Sudan also claims ownership of Heglig and lodged complaints with the United Nations Security Council and the African Union on Wednesday , urging them to pressure South Sudan to withdraw troops from its territory . Sudan 's parliament approved "  general mobilization " of the country 's resources to support the military . It also voted to withdraw from negotiations with South Sudan that have been ongoing since the South declared independence last July . Aguer called the parliamentary decisions "  a public relations exercise " and accused Sudan of carrying out attacks even during the peace talks . "  There was no negotiation as far as I am concerned , " he said . "  The SPLA  South Sudan military  at the border were being bombed even when the politicians were talking . " Sudan has repeatedly bombed southern territory since independence , including the November attack of a refugee camp in the neighboring nation 's Unity state . South Sudan fought a two-decade civil war against the government in Khartoum , which led to secession . When they separated , South Sudan acquired three quarters of Sudan 's oil reserves . The two countries have been locked in negotiations about how much the landlocked South Sudan should pay to use a pipeline and processing facilities in the north . In late July , South Sudan halted oil production after accusing Sudan of "  stealing " $ 815 million worth of its crude . Sudan said it confiscated the oil to make up for unpaid fees . The African Union-led negotiations also cover other outstanding issues since secession , including the status of citizens of both countries who find themselves living on either side of the world 's newest international border . The fate of the Abyei region and other disputed border areas are also a point of contention . Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir was scheduled to travel to the southern capital of Juba earlier this month to meet with his counterpart Salva Kiir . The presidents were to sign agreements on citizenship and border demarcation , but Khartoum canceled the trip after fighting broke out along the border . South Sudan 's sovereignty officially broke Africa 's largest nation into two , the result of a referendum last year overwhelmingly approved by voters . The referendum was part of a 2005 peace deal that ended decades of civil war pitting a government dominated by Arab Muslims in the north against black Christians and animists in the south . The war killed about 2 million people .	The oil-rich border area remains disputed between Sudan and South Sudan Sudan claims the oil fields in the town of Heglig The oil fields account for about half of Sudan 's oil production .
CNN  -- The U.S. space shuttle program retired in 2011 , leaving American astronauts to hitchhike into orbit . But after three long years , NASA 's successor is almost ready to make an entrance . Orion , the agency 's newest manned spaceship , is being prepared for its first mission in December . In future missions , it will journey into deep space -- to Mars and beyond -- farther than humans have ever gone before . Orion comes loaded with superlatives . It boasts the largest heat shield ever built and a computer 400 times faster than the ones on the space shuttles . It will be launched into space on the most powerful rocket NASA has ever made . No astronauts will be aboard the December flight , which will test the spacecraft 's systems for future manned missions . Final work on the spacecraft is under way at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida . Orion came one step closer to completion this month with the stacking of the crew module atop the service module . "  Now that we 're getting so close to launch , the spacecraft completion work is visible every day , " Orion Program Manager Mark Geyer said in a statement . A 3,600-mile journey When complete , the Orion capsule will resemble a fencing foil , with a tall spire shooting up from a rounded base . At the top will sit a launch abort system , with downward-facing thrusters that would save the crew from a jarring crash in the event of a rocket malfunction . The bottom portion , the service module , will perform various functions such as in-space propulsion and cargo storage . Nestled between the two will be the crew module , capable of supporting human life from launch until recovery . Attached to the service module will be a United Launch Alliance Delta IV Heavy rocket . For the first time since the space shuttle 's debut launch in 1981 , the crew compartment will ride on the tip of the rocket rather than hanging onto its side , evoking the configuration of the famous Apollo or Gemini missions . Come December , Orion will be wheeled onto the Cape Canaveral launch pad and the countdown will begin . If all goes as planned , the engines will rumble and its rocket will thunder in an explosion of liquid oxygen , thrusting it toward the stars . The rocket will carry the modules 3,600 miles above Earth , or about 16 times higher than the average altitude of the International Space Station . Orion "  is built to take humans farther than they 've ever gone before , " NASA says . Orion will orbit our planet twice on its own during a 4 1/2 - hour journey before screaming back into the Earth 's atmosphere at nearly 20,000 miles per hour and splashing down in the Pacific Ocean . Future missions Orion astronauts will enjoy access to unprecedented space travel technology . NASA says the spacecraft 's onboard computer system can process 480 million instructions per second , which is 400 times faster than the systems on the space shuttle and 4,000 times faster than those on the Apollo flights of the 1960s and early 1970s . Orion also boasts the largest heat shield ever built , designed to withstand temperatures that would cause a nuclear reactor to melt down . "  Orion 's flight test will provide us with important data that will help us test out systems and further refine the design so we can safely send humans far into the solar system to uncover new scientific discoveries on future missions , " Geyer said . After Orion splashes down , NASA will begin preparing the spacecraft for the future manned missions for which it was designed . "  In the future , Orion will launch on NASA 's new heavy-lift rocket , the Space Launch System , " the agency said . "  More powerful than any rocket ever built , SLS will be capable of sending humans to deep space destinations such as an asteroid and eventually Mars . " The first astronauts will travel into space aboard Orion in 2017 . NASA hopes its Exploration Mission-1 , a 25-day flight around the moon 's dark side , will demonstrate Orion 's reliability for deep space missions . Exploration Mission-1 will send four astronauts farther than any human has been since the last Apollo moon mission in 1972 , laying the groundwork for future endeavors . NASA hopes Orion will ring in a new era for crewed American space exploration , and American flags may someday fly on more space outposts than just the moon . NASA 's bold plan : Landing people on asteroids	Orion , NASA 's newest manned spaceship , will have its first mission in December A rocket will carry the Orion modules 3,600 miles above Earth It 's designed to journey into deep space -- to Mars and beyond -- in 2017 NASA : Orion "  is built to take humans farther than they 've ever gone before "
CNN  -- Johannes Mehserle , a former San Francisco Bay Area transit police officer , is appealing his involuntary manslaughter conviction for the killing of 22-year-old Oscar Grant in Oakland . The move has deeply angered Grant 's family , who say the appeal is an attempt for Mehserle to clear his name so that he can become a police officer again . "  I 'm here to denounce his attempt to clear his record . He committed such gross negligence that he should not be allowed back on the streets to protect and serve again , " said Grant 's mother Wanda Johnson at a news conference Friday in Oakland . The appeal to overturn the conviction was filed this week and argued during a court hearing on Wednesday , according to Michael Rains , Mehserle 's defense attorney . The appeal questioned some of the evidence and instructions that were given to the jury at Mehserle 's 2010 trial . The three-judge panel of the First District Court of Appeal in San Francisco could make a decision on the appeal in 90 days . Mehserle was accused of fatally shooting Grant on New Year 's Day 2009 on a platform of a Bay Area Rapid Transit station . Mehserle said at the trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun . He was sentenced to two years in prison for the involuntary manslaughter conviction , but was released last year because of a California law that allowed him to reduce his sentence to nearly a year . Grant 's family members said they were also angry that they were not informed about the court hearing . "  We 're angered . We are hurt , " said Cephus Johnson , Grant 's uncle . "  We were denied our right to be at this hearing . We applied to be informed about any hearing that pertained to Johannes Mehserle . This proceeding is an example of shutting victims out of the process . The family is outraged . " This case has been controversial in California 's Bay Area community for years . The 2009 shooting was captured on a bystander 's cellphone video camera . The video showed Mehserle pulling his gun and fatally shooting Grant in the back as another officer knelt on the unarmed man . The video was widely circulated on the Internet and on news broadcasts , and it spurred several protests in and around Oakland . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Johannes Mehserle was convicted in 2010 of killing an unarmed man The appeal to overturn the conviction was filed this week It was argued in a court hearing on Wednesday Grant 's family is angry that they were not informed about the hearing
CNN  -- Manchester United moved to within two points of leaders Manchester City at the top of the English Premier League with a 3-1 win at third-placed Tottenham Hotspur Sunday . A Wayne Rooney goal on the stroke of half time and two second half strikes from England teammate Ashley Young knocked the stuffing out of Harry Redknapp 's men . Substitute Jermain Defoe scored a late consolation for the well-beaten home side , who had started brightly . Emmanuel Adebayor forced a fine save from David de Gea and had a goal ruled out for handball before Rooney took advantage to head home from Young 's corner after slack home defending . Chelsea sack Villas-Boas De Gea made a superb reaction save from a deflected Jake Livermore drive as Tottenham pressed for a deserved equalizer and Adebayor went down in the area , appealing in vain for a penalty . But United broke upfield and Kyle Walker miscued his clearance from Nani 's cross straight to Young , who volleyed in from the angle . Thomas : Abramovich was right to sack AVB Almost immediately , Young made it 3-0 as he made space for himself to curl a shot past Brad Friedel . Defoe , left on the bench with Louis Saha preferred , may have made a point to Redknapp with a fine 20-yard strike to cut the deficit but it was academic . After a 5-2 defeat to north London rivals Arsenal last Sunday , the early promise of Tottenham 's season is eroding , but champions United continue to put pressure on their archrivals at the top of the league . The pair meet on April 20 in a clash which looks likely to decide the outcome of the title this season . United manager Alex Ferguson was delighted by his team 's display at White Hart Lane . "  A battling performance today tells you that we are up for it , " he told Sky Sports . He added : "  It 's an entirely unbelievable result . I would say that 's our hardest away game of the season . " Earlier , Newcastle United salvaged a 1-1 draw in an action-packed north east derby against Sunderland . Shola Ameobi 's injury-time equalizer rescued a point for the home side at St James ' Park -- his seventh goal against their bitter local rivals . Nicklas Bendtner 's first-half penalty put Sunderland ahead but the visitors had Stephane Sessegnon sent off for elbowing Cheik Tiote with half an hour left . Sunderland goalkeeper Simon Mignolet produced a stunning save to keep out Demba Ba 's 83rd-minute penalty for Newcastle , who looked to be heading for defeat until Ameobi 's late strike . Sunderland captain Lee Cattermole , who was cautioned after just 40 seconds of the match , was shown a straight red card after the final whistle for dissent . Fulham increased Wolverhampton Wanderers ' problems with a 5-0 beating of the relegation candidates at Craven Cottage . Russian star Pavel Pogrebnyak , on loan from Stuttgart , grabbed a hat-trick , making it five in three games since his move , while Clint Dempsey scored twice . U.S. international Dempsey now has 12 for the season with Wolves dropping into the bottom three with the heavy defeat .	EPL champions Manchester United win 3-0 at Tottenham Hotspur Two goals from Ashley Young seal valuable three points Newcastle grab late equalizer in north-east derby against Sunderland Fulham beat struggling Sunderland 5-0 at Craven Cottage
Perth , Australia  CNN  -- The underwater hunt for wreckage of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has started in the southern Indian Ocean , the Australian agency coordinating search efforts said Friday . But the area where two naval ships are deploying sophisticated technology remains nothing more than an educated guess at where the plane may have hit the water . The Royal Navy survey ship HMS Echo and the Australian naval supply ship Ocean Shield are searching along a single 240-kilometer  150-mile  track , said retired Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston , the head of Australia 's Joint Agency Coordination Centre . The Ocean Shield is equipped with the TPL-25 , a giant underwater microphone that will listen for the pings from the flight recorders and the Bluefin-21 , an underwater robot that can scour the ocean bed , looking for signs of wreckage . Time is running out in the efforts to detect the pings , as the batteries that power the recorders ' beacons are expected to run out in the coming days . And there are no big , new clues behind the area where the underwater search is concentrated . It 's based on the same kind of analysis of radar , satellite and other data that investigators have used to determine a series of shifting search areas in recent weeks . "  The area of highest probability as to where the aircraft might have entered the water is the area where the underwater search will commence , " Houston said at a news conference Friday . "  It 's on the basis of data that arrived only recently , and it 's the best data that is available . " ` Just a guess ' Until searchers can find a confirmed piece of debris from the plane , which would give them a clearer idea of where the main wreckage might be located , there is no certainty the technology is being pointed in the right direction . "  Really the best we can do right now is put these assets in the best location -- the best guess we have -- and kind of let them go , " U.S. Navy Cmdr. William Marks told CNN . "  Until we get conclusive evidence of debris , it is just a guess . " A huge search is also continuing above the waves . Friday 's area of focus covers about 217,000 square kilometers  83,800 square miles  of the Indian Ocean , 1,700 kilometers  1,050 miles  northwest of the western Australian city of Perth , authorities said . A total of 14 aircraft and nine ships will scan the area over the course of the day . Officials have warned of a potentially prolonged hunt for the missing passenger jet , which vanished nearly four weeks ago with 239 people on board . Long days spent combing vast tracts of ocean have so far turned up no traces . ` We can not be certain of success ' Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Thursday described the search as "  the most difficult in human history " and warned there was no guarantee the missing plane would be found . "  We can not be certain of ultimate success in the search for MH370 , " he said at a news briefing in Perth , the western city that is serving as the hub for search operations . "  But we can be certain that we will spare no effort -- that we will not rest -- until we have done everything we humanly can . " Abbott was speaking during a visit to Perth by Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak , who met with members of the search teams who have been scouring a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean for traces of the jetliner . "  They told me of the difficulties of a search like this , of distance and weather and of maintaining morale over a long period , " Najib said . His visit came on the 27th day of the hunt for the passenger jet , which disappeared March 8 over Southeast Asia . Investigators are yet to provide an explanation of why the plane flew way off course or pinpoint exactly where it ended up . Officials say that an analysis of the available data suggests the jet 's journey finished in the southern Indian Ocean . 6 missteps in the investigation 'Till hell freezes over ' Weeks of combing vast areas of ocean have turned up plenty of floating junk , like old bits of fishing gear , but so far no sign of the plane . Authorities say they will persevere despite the challenges . "  We 'll keep going till hell freezes over , " Kim Beazley , Australia 's former defense minister and current ambassador to the United States , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  It could take months , it could take years . " Malaysian officials held a briefing for Malaysian relatives of those aboard MH370 Thursday evening at a Kuala Lumpur hotel , but those present told CNN nothing new had emerged . Mohammad Sahril Shaari , whose cousin Mohammad Razahan Zamani was a honeymooning groom on the plane , said the three-hour session had felt like a "  waste of time . " He added , "  I was hoping for some news that they had tracked the plane or some parts of it , but nothing like that happened . " Selamat Bin Omar , the father of another passenger , Malaysian civil flight engineer Mohammed Khairul Amri Selamat , said officials explained in detail the satellite data that has led investigators to the search area in the southern Indian Ocean . But , he said , "  They could not tell us if the plane crashed . They said they were still looking into it . " Ocean Shield : A mission of hope in search for Flight 370 Police investigation continues With the hunt at sea so far proving fruitless , there are no signs of a breakthrough in the investigation into those on board the plane . All 227 passengers have been cleared of any role in hijacking or sabotage or having psychological or personal issues that might have played a role in the plane 's disappearance , the inspector general of Malaysian police , Khalid Abu Bakar , told reporters Wednesday . Police said a review of a flight simulator found in a pilot 's house proved inconclusive . And senior Malaysian government officials told CNN last week that authorities have found nothing about either of the two pilots to suggest a motive . There have been no such public comments about the other 10 crew members , however . Investigators are still questioning relatives of all of those on the plane -- having already interviewed about 170 people -- as well as those who may have had access to it . That includes scrutinizing those who prepared food for the flight , those who packed the cargo , and those who were to receive the cargo in China . "  Everything from beginning to end , " said Khalid , stressing that getting answers wo n't be easy or quick . "  We have to clear every little thing , " he said . "  You can not hurry us in whatever we are doing . " His comments were echoed by K.S. Narendran , who spoke to CNN 's Erin Burnett from India . His wife , Chandrika Sharma , was on the flight . "  This is an event that is so unprecedented and I think that is so significant that it can never be allowed to get off the screens , get off the radar , " he said . "  My concern is that if we do n't really get to the bottom of it , we can not really be certain that we are safe and that we are secure every time we board a flight . " Flight 370 : High-tech search tools Inside the flight simulator Read the cockpit transcript CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph reported from Perth , Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's David Molko , Will Ripley , Kyung Lah , Greg Botelho and Tom Watkins , and journalist Ivy Sam contributed to this report .	NEW : Two naval vessels begin the underwater search using listening technology They focus on the "  area of highest probability " of where the plane may have hit water The overall search resumes Friday with nearly two dozen ships and aircraft The search is "  the most difficult in human history , " Australia 's Tony Abbott says
CNN  -- The Justice Department is set to make it easier for more federal prisoners sentenced for crack cocaine offenses to get clemency applications into the bureaucratic pipeline . Attorney General Eric Holder said Monday that expanded criteria will soon be put in place , and anticipates a sharp increase in the number of eligible petitioners . Inmates seeking a reduced or suspended sentence must first ask the department for relief , and those applications are then reviewed by the president . The pending changes are the latest step in an ongoing effort to remedy the once-common wide disparity in sentences handed down over powder versus crack cocaine , based on guidelines first enacted by Congress more than 25 years ago . The issue has been a major policy priority for Holder and President Barack Obama . In addition to the clemency angle , the administration has been pushing to give prosecutors more flexibility in certain non-violent criminal cases , and recommending rehabilitation instead of warehousing of prisoners . "  The White House has indicated it wants to consider additional clemency applications to restore a degree of justice , fairness and proportionality for deserving individuals who do not pose a threat to public safety , " said Holder in a videotaped message posted on the department 's website . "  The Justice Department is committed to recommending as many qualified applicants as possible for reduced sentences . " Holder : I back a plan to reduce some drug-related sentences The department later this week promised more specifics on the new criteria , including how it will handle an expected flood of clemency requests . Obama three years ago signed the Fair Sentencing Act to address the larger issue . And last December , he commuted the sentences of eight federal inmates convicted of crack cocaine crimes , concluding those offenses that did not justify such lengthy prison terms . The issue has racial overtones , since U.S. Sentencing Commission figures in 2006 showed African-Americans made up nearly 82 percent of defendants sentenced in federal court for dealing crack , but only 27 percent of those sentenced for dealing powder cocaine . In 2011 , federal courts dealt with more than 10,000 cocaine sentences a year , roughly evenly divided between crack and cases involving the powdered substance . Until the changes started nearly a decade ago , the sentencing guidelines provided for a 100-to-1 ratio between the penalties for crack cocaine offenses versus those for powdered cocaine . Dealing 5 grams of crack meant some defendants could get as much prison time as someone who dealt 500 grams of powder . The 100-to-1 factor had long been a source of contention between government prosecutors and civil rights advocates , who argued crack dealers were targeted for longer prison terms because that drug is prevalent in urban and minority communities , while the powdered version is more commonly associated with higher-income users . Actions taken by the President , lawmakers , and the Sentencing Commission -- an independent federal agency that advises all three branches of government on sentences -- served to cut the gap in recommended prison time for offenses involving the two varieties of cocaine . In the private sector , Families Against Mandatory Minimums has fought for changes in mandatory cocaine penalties for years . The fair sentencing law changed the 100-to-1 disparity between minimum sentences for crack and powder cocaine to 18 to 1 . The Sentencing Commission subsequently voted to make the reduced crack penalties retroactive , which meant more than 12,000 current inmates are eligible to request reduced sentences . Previous presidential administrations had argued that Congress made a special point of creating the 100-to-1 ratio to send a tough message to crack dealers . The harsher sentences came after a social epidemic of crack cocaine began destroying many urban areas in the 1980s . Congress then established guidelines to ensure relatively consistent sentences for federal criminal defendants . But the Supreme Court in 2005 concluded that while the guidelines are constitutional , they should nevertheless be considered "  advisory , " not mandatory . Judges could consult them as needed when imposing sentences and their decisions would be given deference on appeal , so long as they were not "  unreasonable . " Congressional lawmakers -- Republicans and Democrats -- then went back in 2006 with various bills that eventually reduced the disparity in cocaine sentences . Nevertheless , said Holder , "  There are still too many people in federal prison who were sentenced under the old regime -- and who , as a result , will have to spend far more time in prison than they would if sentenced today for exactly the same crime . This is simply not right . " CNN 's Justice Reporter Evan Perez contributed to this report .	The Justice Department will make it easier for certain prisoners to get clemency petitions Attorney General Eric Holder said new criteria would be put in place soon He anticipates a sharp increase in the number of inmates eligible to apply The move aims to remedy disparity in sentences involving crack vs. powdered cocaine
CNN  Erika Langhart had a zest for life . By the time she finished college she had already visited 37 countries . After graduating from college she was working in Washington and thinking about going to law school . Her life was full of promise , but all that ended suddenly when she was just 24 years old . In Phoenix , Karen Langhart was looking forward to her daughter coming home for Thanksgiving when she received a call from Erika 's cell phone . In an interview with CNN , Erika 's mom said she "  picked up the phone and answered it , ` Hi Schmoo , ca n't wait to see you ' -- Schmoo-bear is our nickname for her -- and it was Sean . " With groceries in hand , Erika 's boyfriend , Sean Coakley , had arrived at her apartment to make dinner and found Erika collapsed on the floor . The fire department and paramedics were already on the scene . The attendant at the front desk had heard Erika screaming for help and called 911 . " -LSB- The paramedics -RSB- tried to revive her with CPR and while they were in the apartment , I think she had a heart attack and then two more on the way to the hospital in the ambulance , and another one in the hospital , and she never woke up , " Erika 's father , Rick Langhart , said . Karen knew it was serious when the emergency room doctor said they needed to come to the hospital in Arlington , Virginia . She said the doctor asked her whether Erika was using any birth control . According to Karen , when she told him Erika was using the NuvaRing , "  He said well there 's a link between NuvaRing and pulmonary embolisms , " Karen Langhart said . Rick Langhart said doctors removed the NuvaRing immediately . "  It was , it was a nightmare , " he added . By the time Rick and Karen arrived at the Virginia Hospital Center , Erika was in a coma , in the ICU . "  They had determined that Erika had no brain activity and that because of her heart attacks they basically told us that she was brain dead and that 's it , " Rick Langhart said , fighting back tears . Hospital records cited the NuvaRing as a risk factor for Erika 's multiple pulmonary embolisms . Records confirm what Erika 's parents told CNN : that a blood clot started in an artery/vein in her right thigh and traveled to her lungs , causing "  massive " pulmonary embolisms and "  multiple episodes of cardiac arrest " on the way to the hospital and overnight . The Langharts never heard their daughter 's voice again . She died on Thanksgiving . "  We miss her so much , " Karen Langhart said . Less than a year later , 2,000 miles away in Utah , Megan Henry had the scare of her life . Henry , it turns out , was a classmate of Erika Langhart 's at American University . She 's training to compete in the Olympics in skeleton , a type of high-speed downhill sledding . The scare that shook her in August 2012 threatened her Olympic dreams . Within weeks of starting the NuvaRing , Henry said she collapsed during training , unable to breathe . "  I mean I was struggling , I was struggling to breathe . " Henry said . "  It 's like an elephant was sitting on my chest all the time . " After seeing five doctors who were unable to tell her what was wrong , she finally got a diagnosis from a pulmonologist . He told her he thought she had blood clots in her lungs . "  I said , you know I started taking this birth control , is it related to this ? " Henry said . "  And he was like , yeah , I definitely think that you have blood clots and it 's from the birth control . " X-rays , followed by an ultrasound and a CAT scan , revealed that Megan 's life was in danger . " -LSB- The doctor -RSB- started to tell me , you have multiple pulmonary embolisms in both lungs , " said Megan . "  They 're sending an ambulance , they 're going to come and they 're going to rush you to the emergency room ... it just really took me by surprise and you know I knew it was something bad but I never imagined it would be something like that . " According to her hospital discharge papers , the NuvaRing Henry was using "  was probably the risk factor " for her pulmonary embolisms . Henry went from peak physical condition to using a breathing machine . She was put on blood thinners , too . Her doctors told her it 's too risky to use hormonal birth control again . "  Easy . Safe . That 's really how it was presented -- easy , safe , low-dose hormone -- you know , and it turns out it was n't . It was n't that at all , " she said . Even though NuvaRing has about the same risk for blood clots as newer birth control pills , Henry said she wishes she had known that the incidence of life-threatening blood clots is double with NuvaRing compared to older birth control pills . "  There are other options out there for birth control that have risks , but not doubling the risks , " Henry told CNN . "  If I would have known that I never would have taken it . " And thinking about what happened to her classmate , Erika , Henry said , "  I think if I knew what I know now and , you know , if Erika had known that , a number of people , I think that they would have made a slightly different choice . " The NuvaRing is one of the most popular birth control products on the market . A flexible ring inserted vaginally , it releases a combination of hormones . By 2010 as many as 830,000 women were using the vaginal ring as a contraceptive method , according to the Guttmacher Institute , a nonprofit organization advancing sexual and reproductive health worldwide . At least 10.5 million women use hormonal birth control pills . The NuvaRing was approved by the FDA in 2001 and became available to women in the United States in 2002 . The Dutch pharmaceutical company , Organon , developed the device and manufactured it until 2007 when the company was sold to Schering Plough Corporation , which was then acquired by Merck in 2009 . According to Merck , the NuvaRing is sold in more than 50 countries , and 44 million prescriptions have been filled for women in the United States alone . The NuvaRing dispenses what 's called a third-generation progestin , or synthetic hormone . When it first came on the market , the device was touted as a breakthrough -- inserted vaginally to release a "  continuous low dose of hormones . " It stays in for three weeks , so no bother of taking a daily birth control pill . The ring was branded in a television commercial as "  a different way to do birth control " and "  Oh ! It 's easy to use . " Convenient ? Absolutely . But safe ? That depends on whom you ask . The Langharts had no idea the NuvaRing birth control their daughter had been using for four years had already been linked to other women 's deaths , according to unconfirmed claims of problems reported to the FDA . Merck acknowledges a very small risk of blood clots but stands by its product , saying , "  There is substantial evidence to support the safety and efficacy of NuvaRing . " While studies have shown that the number of severe adverse events is extremely low -- fewer than 11 cases per 10,000 women who use it for a year -- the families who have lost loved ones point out that the incidence of life-threatening blood clots is double with NuvaRing than with older birth control pills . Since the mid-1990s there have been multiple studies suggesting that while third-generation progestins are generally safe , they are approximately twice as likely to cause blood clots than older , second-generation birth control pills . Merck denied CNN 's request for an on-camera interview . Instead , it gave this statement : "  While there is a very small risk of a blood clot when using NuvaRing or any combined hormonal contraceptive , this risk is much less than the risk of blood clots during pregnancy and the immediate post-partum period . " Among 10,000 women , between five and 20 women run the risk of developing a serious blood clot during pregnancy ; the risk increases to between 40 and 65 women during the 12-week postpartum period . Among 10,000 women in a year using combination hormonal contraceptives -- that includes birth control pills , the ring and the patch -- the risk of developing serious blood clots ranges between three and 12 women . NuvaRing users are on the higher end of that risk . Two studies conducted in 2011 and 2012 reveal the risk of developing a serious blood clot among NuvaRing users is 11.4 and 8.3 per 10,000 women in a year , respectively . The NuvaRing 's label was updated in 2013 by the FDA with information about both studies . The Langharts , Megan Henry , and 3,800 others sued Merck . According to claims filed in federal and state courts , the lawsuits allege Organon , the original manufacturer of the NuvaRing , "  failed to adequately warn consumers about a heightened risk of blood clots associated with the use of NuvaRing , even though the manufacturer was aware that NuvaRing posed greater risks than other hormonal contraceptives . " In February , without admitting any wrongdoing , Merck agreed to pay $ 100 million in damages . But the Langharts did not settle , insisting Merck be held accountable for what the family said was Merck 's failure to properly warn users of the risk . They believe what Merck is getting away with is "  criminal . " "  I do n't understand why a company in the United States would allow that kind of product on the market . It 's not the way Americans do business , " Rick Langhart said . "  And for them to do what they do in total disregard for what 's going on . It 's criminal to me . " Instead , to honor Erika 's memory , they decided to create a nonprofit to inform women of the dangers they believe are related to the NuvaRing and the comparative risks of all forms of hormonal contraceptives . The nonprofit 's name , "  Informed Choice for Amerika , " honors their daughter 's name .	The NuvaRing is one of the most popular birth control products on the market Lawsuit cites "  a heightened risk of blood clots associated with the use of NuvaRing " Maker : "  There is substantial evidence to support the safety and efficacy of NuvaRing "
North Korea has no athletes at the Sochi Olympic Games , and skiing is not the first thing that springs to mind when thinking about the isolated nation . That 's why tour operators are billing North Korea 's luxury new Masik Pass as "  the most exotic ski resort on Earth . " Located in Kangwon province , the hotel and resort -- the only one of its kind in the country -- opened January 1 after a series of reported setbacks . Earlier this year , CNN Travel reported on the experience of one of the first visitors to the resort , Simon Cockerell , from Beijing-based Koryo Tours . More recently we spoke to another visitor , snowboarding journalist Jean Lee , whose video of her Masik trip is shown above . Surprised by the caliber of the equipment at the resort , Lee also notes that she got to chat to ordinary North Koreans -- because her government minders could n't ski . Pyongyang made a failed bid to co-host the Summer Olympics when Seoul held the games in 1988 . Who knows ? Maybe Masik signals North Korea 's intent to try again when its southern neighbor hosts the winter games in 2018 . What follows is an edited version of our story on Simon Cockerell 's visit to Masik earlier this year . Koryo Tours is one of the few foreign tour companies operating in North Korea . ` Fancy and comfortable ' Cockerell found Masik Pass to be "  fancy and comfortable . " Along with 11 ski runs , there are 120 hotel rooms housed in two buildings , a swimming pool , bars , cafs , billiard tables , a karaoke room , a steam room and a dry sauna . Local tour guides speak English but do n't tend to ski ; for the large number of ski instructors , you 'd need a translator . The resort is "  clearly built for locals , " Cockerell said , although it was expected to draw some foreigners coming with tour operators such as his own . "  The number of local Korean skiers was a surprise , considering that -LSB- before Masik opened -RSB- there was just one ski slope in the country -- and in a very remote and hard to reach area , " Cockerell said . At the time of writing , foreigners could n't book at Masik Pass directly but would have to come with a group tour . Controversial construction "  We 're aware of the controversies surrounding -LSB- Masik -RSB- , " wrote Cockerell on the Koryo Tours blog . "  It 's a highly expensive construction project that many see as economically doubtful . " The resort has been scrutinized abroad from conception to construction . Austrian and French companies declined to sell ski lifts to North Korea . Even the neutral Swiss refused , calling Masik a "  propaganda project , " according to the Washington Post . Masik 's ski lifts were made in China .	Snowboarder and journalist Jean Lee checks in at N. Korea 's new luxury ski resort Masik , which opened on January 1 , has 11 ski runs and a 120-room hotel Resort "  built for locals " -- foreigners may come with tour groups
CNN  Andrew Getty , the 47-year-old grandson of J. Paul Getty , died Tuesday afternoon in his home in Los Angeles , according to a statement from his mother and father . Ann and Gordon Getty also "  requested that members of the media and the public respect  the family 's  privacy during this extremely difficult time , " the statement added . Getty 's death "  appears to be natural  causes  or an accident , " Ed Winter , assistant chief in the Los Angeles County coroner 's office , told CNN affiliate KTLA Tuesday night . Some medication had also been recovered from Getty 's home , though investigators do n't know if Getty was currently taking it or what his medical history was , Winter said . A female friend was at the home where Getty died and is cooperating with investigators , Los Angeles Police Department Capt. William Hayes said . KTLA reported that Getty was found on his side near a bathroom in his home . Where the Getty family fortune came from Gordon Getty is one of three sons of J. Paul Getty , the oil tycoon who was thought to be the richest man in the world at the time of his death in 1976 . Gordon Getty , 81 , has a net worth of $ 2.1 billion , according to Forbes . Court records show Andrew Getty had recently filed to get a restraining order against a woman . A hearing in the case was scheduled for next week . CNN 's attempt to reach Getty 's attorney was not immediately successful . People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Doug Criss , Janet DiGiacomo , Mike Love , Julie In and Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report .	Getty 's death appears to be natural causes or accident , coroner 's office says Mother and father of Andrew Getty confirm death , asks for privacy
CNN  -- It 's an itch he just has n't been able to scratch . More than 54 years after he announced the success of Fidel Castro in the Cuban revolution , Larry King still has n't been able to interview him . "  The day Castro marched into Havana , I was on the air in Miami doing my morning show and I made the announcement , " King told Ismael Cala in an interview for the "  Cala " talk show on CNN en Espaol . Just two years ago , King was in Cuba to try to get that elusive Castro interview , but the Cuban leader remains the only major figure he has n't interviewed , he said . "  Forget politics , he has run a country for 50 years , he 's a successful revolutionary , an intriguing person , " said King about why he remains fascinated . One top interview he did secure -- with the late Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in 2009 -- came back into focus recently with Chavez 's death . "  What 's funny is that he spoke perfect English off air , but once the interview started , we had an interpreter , " King said . "  He wanted to talk in his native language . " King -- the last person to interview Chavez on CNN -- recalls Chavez being easy to be around and engaging , even remembering him as a hugger and singer . "  He was a conflicted person . An enigma . Yes , he was against capitalism , but he helped a lot of people , especially in the Northeast  of the U.S.  . When there was a shortage of oil , he gave a lot of free oil to that area . " Cala and King also talked about King 's web-based show , "  Larry King Now , " that 's been on Oratv.com and distributed by Hulu.com since July last year , and his backer -- Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim . "  Carlos Slim has become a good friend of mine , " said King . "  He invited me to Mexico to speak at an event about three years ago , and it turns out he had been watching me for years . Now , we work together . " "  It 's nice to have the richest man in the world be my partner , " King added . "  He 's very good at standing aside and letting us do it . "  According to Forbes magazine , Slim is the world 's richest person with a net worth of $ 69 billion , having made his fortune in the telecommunications industry . Cala took the opportunity to tell King in person how much of an impression he 'd left on him when he was a young man in Cuba 15 years ago . "  When I first saw you , I was in Cuba and not knowing what my future would be , " Cala said . "  And , now , I 'm sitting here and interviewing you . So , dreams come true . " Cala even paid homage to his hero in his wardrobe choice for the interview , greeting King wearing a matching button-down shirt , tie and signature black suspenders . Since King lived in Miami for 20 years , some might find it odd that he never learned Spanish . "  I do n't have a linguistic ear . I never picked it up , " King said . But he said he still loves the language and music . "  I 've always had Latin flavor . " The interview was done in English and will be dubbed into Spanish for the CNN en Espaol show to air on Monday , March 25 , at 9 p.m. ET .	CNN en Espaol 's Ismael Cala interviews Larry King King talks about still wanting to interview Fidel Castro "  Forget politics , ... he 's a successful revolutionary , an intriguing person " King says Cala pays homage to his hero by wearing matching signature black suspenders
CNN  -- You probably know Evan Handler as Harry Goldenblatt , Charlotte York 's husband on HBO 's "  Sex and the City , " or as Charlie Runkle , the agent for David Duchovny 's character on "  Californication . " What you probably do n't know is that he 's a passionate patient advocate , based on his experience being treated for leukemia in the mid - and late-1980s . Actor Evan Handler , currently appearing in "  Californication , " defied statistics and survived leukemia . In many ways , Handler is the ultimate empowered patient . "  I learned that I must always remain in control , double-check everyone 's work , and trust no one completely , " Handler wrote of his approximately eight months in the hospital . "  I must have been sheer hell to be around . But I know that my cantankerousness saved my life on several occasions . " In his books "  It 's Only Temporary , " and "  Time on Fire , " Handler wrote that during his months in the hospital , he was given intravenous drugs that were supposed to go to another patient , that nurses tried to give him medications his doctors had forbidden for him and that staff members refused to follow the hospital 's posted hygiene precautions for immunosuppressed patients like himself . Handler survived when statistics said he should n't have . He endured round after round of chemotherapy , one infection after another and a bone marrow transplant . In this conversation with CNN Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen , Handler discusses firing your doctor , tattooing medical directives on your stomach and the importance of not doing exactly what you 're told . Watch more on what you might gain from being a ` bad ' patient " Elizabeth Cohen : Were you a "  bad " patient ? Evan Handler : The irony of "  bad " patients is that they actually do better for themselves . ... There were hundreds and hundreds of instances where my being a "  bad " patient saved my life . Cohen : You write about how nurses tried to give you drugs to which you 'd had "  horrendous adverse reactions " even though doctors had explicitly written in your chart you should n't have those drugs . A friend of mine had a similar problem , and we decided maybe he should have hung a sign around his neck with a list of the drugs he was n't supposed to get . Handler : That does n't sound like a bad idea . -LSB- A doctor once told me about -RSB- a registered nurse who had a "  Do Not Resuscitate " order tattooed on her abdomen . She said she felt it was the only way her wishes would be respected . Cohen : You write about how you became "  a criminal of sorts " by forging your doctor 's signature on authorization slips so your bloodwork would be done by a lab that ran the tests more quickly . Were you afraid you 'd get caught ? Handler : Nothing bad is going to happen to you if you do n't do exactly as you 're told . They were n't going to put me in jail . I worried about getting caught only because then I would n't be able to do it any more . Cohen : You describe your first doctor as being nasty , hostile and disrespectful . He yelled at your father for calling him on the phone with a question about your care . He yelled at you when you were in the middle of chemotherapy and came to see him with a rash and a fever because the fever was only 100 degrees . Did you wait too long to fire him ? Handler : Oh , yeah . Doctors had told me that I would be endangering my care if I switched doctors , but that advice was criminal . Look , the only way to change things is through the marketplace . Recently I needed to have something in my mouth looked at . The doctor performed a biopsy without lidocaine -- just put a blade in my mouth and cut without telling me . I never went back , and I wrote him a three-page letter . You should leave a bad doctor , and if you have the energy , tell them why you left . Cohen : When you were being treated for leukemia , you were very , very sick . You said sometimes you were barely conscious . How 'd you keep up the stamina to keep double-checking everyone 's work ? Handler : I was lucky to be able to maintain my strength and do it as long as I did , and my girlfriend at the time , Jackie , was willing to sit by my side and advocate for me , and she was very skilled at doing it . You wonder , how many people die from illnesses because the strength to keep up vigilance runs out ?	Actor Evan Handler says "  bad " patients do better for themselves Nurses tried to give him drugs to which he 'd had "  horrendous adverse reactions " He forged a doctor 's signature on authorization slips to get faster test results
CNN  -- The world now knows that the remains of Richard III -- the final Plantagenet king of England who fell at the Battle of Bosworth in 1485 -- were under a parking lot . By most accounts , the dead monarch 's corpse was unceremoniously carried back to nearby Leicester and buried at the church of the Greyfriars , where it was lost for more than 500 years . The odds that archaeologists might recover Richard III 's remains more than a half millennium later were exceptionally slim . After DNA testing and further analysis , the University of Leicester Archaeological Services was able to confirm beyond a reasonable doubt that the skeleton indeed was that of Richard III . Archaeologists rarely search for individuals , let alone lost monarchs , and the Leicester excavation was focused on analyzing the medieval friary at which Richard III was rumored to be buried . Nevertheless , archaeologists share the popular curiosity about famous personalities and the larger stories their lives and mortal remains might tell . If we are excavating missing people from Richard III 's past , then we should start with the remains of the so-called "  Princes in the Tower " -- that is , his nephews Edward V and Richard of Shrewsbury . Richard III : Is this the face that launched 1,000 myths ? The princes were held in the Tower of London and likely murdered around 1483 at Richard III 's command . Their rumored remains now rest under Westminster Abbey , and a survey of the remains in 1933 found two youth 's partial skeletons with a random mix of animal bones . DNA analysis alone is not enough to seal this case , however , and any conclusion would neither incriminate Richard III nor prove his innocence , so such a study would mostly be a public curiosity . Amelia Earhart 's plane went down in the Pacific in 1937 , unleashing decades of curiosity about the fate of Earhart and her navigator , Fred Noonan . Earhart has long been viewed as a symbol of bravery and feminism , and after intensive but unsuccessful efforts to locate her in 1937 , the International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery attempted to find Earhart in the late 1980s . Enlisting archaeologist Tom King , a shoe was recovered in a location with circumstantial evidence of Earhart 's plane , but nothing substantial has turned up . An interesting archaeological mystery is the disappearance of the Roanoke colony from contemporary North Carolina in 1587 . An English crew left the Roanoke colony that August with plans to return the following year , but by the time the English returned in 1590 , the settlement was empty . The missing colonists might have been wiped out by indigenous neighbors , captured by those neighbors or joined those native communities . An archaeological investigation by East Carolina University recovered some 16th century material culture , including a ring linked to a colonist . But shoreline erosion removed much of the archaeological evidence associated with the colony . DNA testing has also been conducted with the argument that the colony became part of the neighboring indigenous groups . Nevertheless , there 's been no satisfying evidence to resolve precisely what happened to the Roanoke colony . Few historical figures inspire as much curiosity as Genghis Khan , the military leader and empire builder who unified the disparate groups scattered across present-day Mongolia . When he died in 1227 , Genghis Khan was buried in an exceptionally well-concealed , unmarked tomb whose location had become a mystery a century later . A 2003 study suggested that nearly 8 % of the men living in the former Mongol Empire share a genetic lineage that was likely descended from Khan and his male relatives . Eight centuries later , Khan 's lost tomb would shed light on the ritual practices associated with one of history 's most powerful empires and its best-known leader . As we continue to be captivated by the dramatic discovery of Richard III 's remains , we should keep in mind that it 's just one piece of material culture from a complex site that tells a story that will reach well beyond the mere hunt for a monarch 's grave . What the excavation reveals about medieval warfare , life among the wealthiest 15th century people and everyday life in a late medieval friary could be even more compelling . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul R. Mullins .	Paul Mullins : The odds of discovering Richard III 's remains were exceptionally slim Mullins : Archaeologists rarely search for individuals , let alone lost monarchs He says that some personalities fascinate us , including Amelia Earhart , Genghis Khan Mullins : Big discoveries can give us compelling glimpses into past history and culture
CNN  House Speaker John Boehner turned to an unorthodox messenger for his pitch to young Americans panning President Barack Obama 's proposal to offer free community college for everyone : Taylor Swift . The GOP leader paired Swift gifs and GOP arguments opposed to the proposal in a blog item posted to his site Friday that quickly went viral . While the community college proposal "  sounded exciting at first , " Boehner 's staff writes -- paired with a gif of Swift to illustrate the excitement -- "  when President Obama said ` free ' what he meant was '60 Billion dollars over 10 years . ' " "  Not even all the Taylor Swift album sales in the world would cover that bill , " the post declares , atop a gif of Swift looking perturbed . The post goes on to suggest Obama 's proposal would either require a tax hike or else contribute to the national debt , accompanied by clips from Swift 's music videos that range from infuriated to goofy . Instead , Boehner 's office proposes : "  Would n't it be better if we just worked together to lower costs for folks across the board and improve our children 's education ? " as Swift applauds in a clip from an awards show . "  Looks like an apology is in order Mr. President , " the post continues . Boehner spokesman Michael Steel told the Daily Dot the post was an effort to "  reach people where they are . " "  We are always looking for fun , effective ways to communicate with the American people about President Obama 's failed policies , and our better solutions , " he said . Swift is a safe pick for the party as it looks to expand its appeal to younger voters in time for the 2016 elections . While Swift has matured over her career , she has n't turned to raunchy moves or lyrics to shed her squeaky-clean teen persona . Indeed , Boehner 's not the only Republican to turn to Taylor Swift to say what their own words ca n't . Newly-minted Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst said she would "  shake it off " when outgoing Sen. Tom Harkin compared her to Swift . And Sen. Ted Cruz 's digital strategist is a huge fan of the pop star . Republicans know there 's a blank space on young voters ' ballots heading into 2016 . Verdict 's still out , though , on whether the GOP love for T Swift will get Millennials to write the GOP 's name .	House Speaker John Boehner turned to pop star Taylor Swift to make his case on President Obama 's free community college proposal The GOP leader paired Swift gifs and GOP arguments opposed to the proposal in a buzzy blog post Swift is a favorite of the GOP as it looks to expand its appeal for 2016
CNN  -- Robert Downey Jr. is once again the most highly paid actor in Hollywood , according to Forbes magazine . The publication , which regularly ranks who 's making top dollar , estimates that Downey earned roughly $ 75 million between June 2013 and June 2014 , putting him at the top of its highest-paid actors list for the second year in a row . Forbes calculated that Downey earned $ 75 million in 2013 as well . Forbes says part of the reason for Downey 's lucrative income is his "  Iron Man " status . He 's played the Marvel hero in three high-grossing , stand-alone features as well as in the 2012 blockbuster ensemble movie "  The Avengers . " Come 2015 , he 'll suit up as Iron Man again for the "  Avengers " sequel , "  Age of Ultron . " At this point , Forbes says that "  it would be incredibly difficult for Marvel to continue making ` Iron Man ' and ` Avengers ' films without him . " Arriving in second place on Forbes ' list is Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson . In 2013 , the wrestler-turned-actor starred in five films , and Forbes estimates that the 42-year-old made $ 52 million between June 2013 and June 2014 . In third place is Bradley Cooper , whose $ 46 million should go nicely with the Oscar nods he 's earned over the past two years . Rounding out the top five is Leonardo DiCaprio , with an estimated $ 39 million , and Downey 's "  Avengers " co-star Chris Hemsworth -- aka "  Thor " -- who made around $ 37 million over the past 12 months . To compile its list of top-paid actors , Forbes speaks with producers , agents , lawyers and others close to the stars to get an estimate of earnings before taxes , agent fees and the other costs . To see the full list , visit Forbes.com .	Robert Downey Jr. earned an estimated $ 75 million , the same amount as he did last year Forbes magazine ranks him Hollywood 's top earner once again Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson is second on this year 's list Bradley Cooper ranks third , followed by Leonardo DiCaprio and Chris Hemsworth
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Michelle Obama arrived in Mexico City at the start of her first solo official trip as first lady . Obama , fresh off an unannounced stop in Haiti , was greeted Tuesday night at Benito Juarez International Airport by Carlos Pascual , the U.S. ambassador to Mexico ; and Arturo Sarukhan , the Mexican ambassador to the United States . The White House says the three-day visit is taking place "  in recognition of the deep ties between the United States and Mexico . " Obama has several visits and tours scheduled , including a meeting Wednesday with Mexican first lady Margarita Zavala at Los Pinos , the Mexican president 's residence . Other events on her itinerary include a tour of the Museo Nacional de Antropologia  National Museum of Anthropology  and a public elementary school that serves low-income students . The first lady also will give a speech Wednesday at the Universidad Iberoamericana and will attend a reception with women leaders at Los Pinos and a dinner hosted by Mexican President Felipe Calderon and his wife . Before leaving Thursday , Obama is scheduled to hold a breakfast for young Mexican leaders and visit the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City . The first lady 's visit reinforces the priority the White House gives Mexico despite the domestic and international problems President Obama faces , university political science professor Miguel Angel Valenzuela Shelley told Notimex , Mexico 's state-run news service . In January , about a week before he was sworn in , President Obama met with Calderon in Washington . The meeting at the Mexican Cultural Institute fulfilled a tradition in effect since 1980 of U.S. presidents talking with their Mexican counterparts before being sworn in to underscore the special relationship between the two nations . Obama arrived in the Mexican capital after an unannounced trip to Haiti . She was accompanied on the trip by Jill Biden , wife of Vice President Joe Biden . They arrived in the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince by mid-morning and took a helicopter tour of the earthquake-shattered Haitian capital . "  It 's powerful . The devastation is definitely powerful , " Obama said after the tour . The magnitude-7 .0 earthquake on January 12 demolished large swaths of Port-au-Prince and left more than 1 million people homeless . Many are still living in tents and underneath tarps . Obama and Biden also met with Haitian President Rene Preval and his wife , Elisabeth Delatour Preval . The U.S. delegation made the visit "  to underscore to the Haitian people and the Haitian government the enduring U.S. commitment to help Haiti recover and rebuild , especially as we enter the rainy and hurricane seasons , and to thank the women and men across the whole of the U.S. government for their extraordinary efforts in Haiti during the past three months , " the White House said in a statement . Obama and Biden "  will also reach out to the U.N. and international relief communities in recognition of the truly global effort under way to help Haiti , " the White House said .	NEW : Obama 's Mexico visit billed as "  recognition of the  nations '  deep ties " Obama , Jill Biden make unannounced visit to quake-damaged Port-au-Prince Obama to meet with Mexican counterpart , children at school She 'll also deliver a speech at Universidad Iberoamericana
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- With South Korea returning to an uneasy calm down after a fatal artillery attack on an offshore island Tuesday , North Korean watchers in Seoul were scrambling to explain what may have been the thinking behind Pyongyang 's fatal attack . Experts offered a range of opinions , saying that recent events could be a show of strength designed to bolster the reputation of the successor to the state 's leadership , and suggesting that North Korea 's recent actions fit into a predictable pattern of provocation . Others , however , warned that North Korea 's military brinksmanship will continue regardless of who is in charge in Pyongyang , and warn that if South Korea does retaliate , it could ignite a potentially lethal -- and uncontrollable -- cycle of escalation . Read more CNN coverage on North Korea Even South Korea 's defense minister was drawn into the speculation . "  Our judgment is that North Korea carried out the attack to consolidate the succession process in the country by showing off the leadership of Kim Jong Un , " South Korea 's Yonhap news agency quoted Defense Minister Kim Tae-young as saying in a meeting with lawmakers . Kim Jong Un , the third son of ailing North Korean leader Kim Jong Il , was named a four-star general just before a rare Workers Party Congress in September , and was named to the party 's powerful military committee . He has since been seen widely alongside his father and senior generals , leading North Korea watchers to believe that a succession process is now under way , designed to place the younger Kim in his father 's place on the latter 's passing . South Korean pundits agreed with the minister . "  The first reason for this attack is the instability of Kim Jong Un . That is the fundamental reason , " said Young Howard , who heads the NGO Open Radio for North Korea , which maintains a network of contacts north of the two Koreas ' demilitarized zone . "  Constant military tensions help him to keep the support of his military , and to unite the North Korean people . " Others suggested that it is the militaristic nature of North Korean society , rather than the current succession process that is the key to its behavior . "  I think there is a danger in the West 's tendency to interpret all North Korean actions in the context of topical events , in other words , by saying everything North Korea is doing is aimed at ensuring a smooth succession for Kim Jong Un , " said Brian Myers , author of "  The Cleanest Race , " an authoritative study of North Korean propaganda . "  This is implying that once Kim Jong Un is firmly seated in power , this behavior is not going to continue , and I think that is dangerous . If you are a military first regime , you flex your muscles ; this is what North Korea is , and this is what it does . " While some in the South had hoped that Kim Jong Il 's successor might be reform-minded , recent events , and Kim 's strong identification with the North Korean People 's Army , suggests a continuation -- or possibly a buttressing -- of the regime 's current Songeun , or "  military first " policy . Still , the apparently calibrated pattern of recent North Korean provocations -- last week , it was revealed that North Korea had displayed a new and well-equipped uranium enrichment plant to visiting U.S. scientists -- is predictable , another expert said . "  The North Koreans asked in late summer for a resumption of aid and essentially they were ignored , so now they are sending a message to South Korea -- by shelling an island -- and to United States -- with their uranium plant -- that they are not withering away , they are still here and still dangerous , " said Andrei Lankov , a North Korea expert at Seoul 's Kookmin University . "  They chose the soft spots of both sides , so this is a way to a send a message to both the White House and the Blue House : "  We are here , we are crazy , we are dangerous . And our last paycheck is long overdue . " Read more from Andrei Lankov The Blue House is the South Korean presidential residence . Alternatively , North Korea could have felt legitimately threatened , said another expert , citing the fact that Pyongyang had demanded the halt to a South Korean firing exercise off their shared coast -- the South Korean side refused to heed the demand -- before it opened fire . "  The North Koreans sound like communist lunatics , and fanatics , when in fact most soldiers in the North Korea army are tending rabbits and farming crops , " said Michael Breen , a biographer of Kim Jong Il . "  There is good reason for them to be nervous : There is firing off their coast . They have to make a judgment call , so they start , and the whole world thinks they are bad guys , and that Kim Jong Un is strengthening its position , but it could have been a miscalculation . " Tuesday 's attack was the second time this year that the North Korea has introduced a weapons system that has been unused on the peninsula since the 1950-53 Korean War , South Korea says . In March , a South Korean warship , the Cheonan , was sunk in what a South Korean investigation says was a North Korean submarine torpedo attack . The North has denied sinking the warship . Tuesday 's artillery exchange was the first such since an armistice , rather than a peace treaty , halted the fighting in summer 1953 . While South Korean President Lee Myung-bak has demanded massive retaliation should North Korea repeat its actions , that raises a risk of dropping the peninsula into a potentially uncontrollable vortex of retaliation and counter-retaliation . Still , there are limits to the country 's forbearance . "  The South has been pretty tolerant , but how much can you tolerate ? " asked Dan Pinkston , who heads the International Crisis Group 's Seoul office . "  I do n't know what the red line is , but if you do n't retaliate , this is giving a green light " to North Korea . Should retaliation take place , could it unleash Korean War II ? "  I think it is unlikely , I think it will cool off , " Pinkston said . "  But it is dangerous . "	Opinions vary widely among North Korea watchers Theories include a show of strength and a miscalculated reaction to an apparent threat Another expert says the North is frustrated by being ignored diplomatically Yet another theory : Pyongyang needs constant military tension to unite its people
