RollingStone.com  -- It 's nothing to "  whoop whoop " about : The ongoing sexual harassment lawsuit against horrorcore hip-hop act Insane Clown Posse just got a lot more disgusting , and it involves a glass sex toy reportedly owned by Kid Rock . Attorneys for the group 's former publicist , Andrea Pellegrini , have subpoenaed the rocker to produce the item as court evidence , Detroit Free Press reports . RS : Gathering of the Juggalos 2013 -- Pictures The subpoena states that "  Dirty Dan " Diamond , a former employee of ICP 's label Psychopathic Records , gave the item to Kid Rock after a failed attempt at passing it along to Pellegrini . According to a press release from the publicist 's attorneys , Diamond admitted under oath to this disturbing gesture on Friday during his deposition in Las Vegas ; he reportedly tried to give Pellegrini the glass phallus after learning she was single . Kid Rock  real name Robert James Ritchie  has 14 days to produce the item in court ; both the singer and his manager , Lee Trink , were unavailable for comment for the Free Press as of Tuesday evening . RS : Insane Clown Posse ` qualified ' for new TV show Pellegrini , a three-year employee with Psychopathic Records , filed the suit in September 2013 , alleging "  wrongful termination , harassment , retaliation and infliction of emotional distress " against ICP  Joseph "  Violent J " Bruce and Joseph "  Shaggy 2 Dope " Utsler  , Psychopathic Records and the group 's manager , William Dale .  She also described her time at the 2012 Gathering of the Juggalos festival as "  a living hell . "  According to the Free Press , an attorney for ICP denied the allegations last year . In other Juggalo-related news : Last month , a Detroit federal judge dimissed ICP 's lawsuit that hoped to erase an FBI report describing their fans , the Juggalos , as a "  gang . " But the group is planning to appeal the decision , according to The Hollywood Reporter . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The rocker has reportedly been ordered to produce the sex toy A former employee of Insane Clown Posse is suing the group An attorney for the group has reportedly denied the allegations
CNN  -- Joyful supporters cheered as President Barack Obama stepped out to speak at his victory party in Chicago in the early hours of Wednesday , thanking them and millions of voters for allowing him another four years to lead the nation forward . "  Tonight , in this election , you , the American people , reminded us that while our road has been hard , while our journey has been long , we have picked ourselves up , we have fought our way back , and we know in our hearts that for the United States of America , the best is yet to come , " he told them . When Obama finished , the first family and Vice President Joe Biden and his family joined him onstage in a celebration of waves and hugs amid a blizzard of confetti . But despite the happiness and relief , the mood was perhaps more subdued than that experienced by those who were present for the wild celebrations four years earlier in Grant Park . Nearly everyone in the room had worked to get the president re-elected , either making phone calls or knocking on doors , and as they eagerly awaited his remarks early Wednesday morning there seemed to be less of the dreamy optimism that surrounded the 2008 campaign . Those seated in the bleachers energetically waved tiny American flags , and those on the floor calmly mingled , cheering sporadically whenever networks called a state for the president . But gone were the chants of "  yes we can , " replaced instead with chants of "  four more years , " and the president 's re-election message was echoed in conversations throughout the convention hall -- there 's still more work to do . Gov. Mitt Romney 's concession speech was played on the monitors flanking the stage , and the crowd cheered as the defeated challenger admitted that "  the nation chose another leader . " But it also cheered , albeit somewhat begrudgingly , when the president thanked campaign volunteers from both parties , saying , "  Whether you held an Obama sign or a Romney sign , you made your voice heard and you made a difference . " And when Obama talked of sitting down with his former rival "  to talk about where we can work together to move this country forward , " there was scattered yet enthusiastic applause at the prospect of bipartisanship . After getting their pictures taken or recording some cell phone video , a few members of the audience floated toward the exits to beat the crowds , but the vast majority stayed through to the end . In conversations they expressed a conviction that the country is indeed moving in the right direction , but most admitted readily that the change they 'd voted for would require more hard work . The president 's final exit from the campaign stage had come more than 24 hours earlier . With the imposing Iowa State Capitol looming over a soggy crowd that bore near-freezing temperatures in windswept Des Moines , Obama made his last major appearance of the 2012 campaign to urge the more than 20,000 supporters to maintain the enthusiasm that first catapulted him from a fresh-faced senator to presidential front-runner nearly five years ago . Flanked by first lady Michelle Obama and rock star Bruce Springsteen , Obama 's final bow just before midnight marked at long last the arrival of Election Day and the end of the president 's last campaign -- 105 rallies after kicking off his re-election effort in Ohio and Virginia seven months prior . How Obama got to 270 electoral votes And when Air Force One touched down in Obama 's hometown of Chicago 60 minutes later , the president 's role as a candidate was all but done . On Election Day itself , Obama largely lay low , as has long been his practice when it comes time for voters to head to the polls . That 's not to say the president closed the book on entirely on his re-election effort . Obama sat for a string of satellite interviews with television stations in battleground states in a final effort to get his message out , including two each in Iowa , Ohio and Florida -- states the president 's campaign particularly focused on . Markets in Nevada and Colorado also got interviews . And in the afternoon , the president sat for an additional six interviews in yet more battleground markets . The president also turned up at a campaign field office in Chicago on Tuesday to shake hands with volunteers . "  I just want to say how grateful Michelle and I am for all the families , all the communities who have welcomed us , into their homes in some cases , into the neighborhoods , and have in some cases worked so hard on our behalf , " the president said at the stop . "  The great thing about these campaigns is after all the TV ads and all the fundraising and all the debates and all the electioneering . It comes down to this , one day , and these incredible folks who are working so hard , " he said . But for all intents and purposes , Obama remained largely out of sight Tuesday , containing whatever nerves he felt behind closed doors surrounded by friends , family and a circle of advisers who have been with him since the early days of his 2008 presidential race . A heavy dose of nostalgia and reflection was in the air , given that whatever the result Obama would never run for political office again . Some of the president 's senior advisers , including David Axelrod and David Plouffe , were spotted wearing Obama 2008 fleece jackets Monday . Meanwhile , other veterans of the 2008 campaign , such as speechwriters Jon Favreau and Ben Rhodes , were also on hand for the president 's final sprint . The 2012 campaign in 27 tweets "  It 's like the end of a long-running series , and all the characters are coming back , " Axelrod mused . Perhaps with an eye toward recreating some of 2008 's magic , Obama reconvened a game of pickup basketball that he got in the habit of playing every Election Day during that year 's drawn out primary process . Senior campaign aide Robert Gibbs said instructions were sent several days ago to Reggie Love , the president 's former body man and frequent basketball companion , to organize an Election Day game . The game kicked off shortly after 2 p.m. at the Attack Athletics facility in downtown Chicago . A White House aide said that in addition to Love , "  friends and staff " were participating in the game , including Education Secretary Arne Duncan and Obama friend Mike Ramos . Kamarck : Five things Obama must do "  I think it 's safe all rituals will be observed , " said Gibbs , who also noted that the one time the president did n't play basketball on an Election Day was when he had a surprise loss to Hillary Clinton in the 2008 New Hampshire primary . "  We wo n't make that mistake again , " he joked . Kennedy : Obama 's win wo n't transform America One thing the president did not do Tuesday was visit any additional battleground states , the campaign 's traveling press secretary Jen Psaki said , even as Romney went out to meet and greet voters in Ohio and Pennsylvania until polls closed . That was a calculated decision not to get in the way of the campaign 's get-out-the-vote efforts in the battleground states , said Stephan Cutter , a senior adviser to the campaign . "  On Election Day , the last thing you want to do is take your GOTV staff off from getting people out to the polls , " she told CNN . Instead , the president was aware his fate was largely out of his hands and instead in those of the thousands of grassroots operatives and volunteers who are charged with getting voters to the polls across the country . Speaking to a Virginia crowd Saturday night , Obama mused that he now felt like a "  prop " because there was little left he could do with so few hours remaining until voters issued their final judgment . "  It 's up to the volunteers , " he told the Virginia crowd . "  It 's up to somebody knocking on a door . It 's up to somebody making a phone call . " Share your reaction to the results Ultimately , the president spent the majority of his time Tuesday simply trying to stay at ease with a close circle that includes the first lady and old friends such as Martin Nesbitt and Marvin Nicholson . He also put the finishing touches on two speeches -- one for a victory , and the other for the eventuality that he lost . And just as the first wave of results flowed in , the president sat down to dinner with the first lady , his two daughters and mother-in-law -- all of whom flew in from Washington earlier in the evening . At that final rally in Iowa on Monday night , Bruce Springsteen ended his 30-minute concert with his classic , "  In the Land of Hopes and Dreams , " crooning , "  Well , you do n't know where you 're goin ' now , but you know you wo n't be back . " It was a fitting end for a president who did n't yet know if he 'd hold on to White House but could be certain his days as a candidate were forever over . Obama : My vision for America CNN 's John Helton contributed to this report .	NEW : Supporters cheer Obama at a victory rally in downtown Chicago NEW : The mood is upbeat but less dreamily euphoric than in Grant Park four years earlier Obama made final campaign stop in Iowa , where his 2008 campaign took off Election Day ritual of a basketball game , which began during 2008 primaries , continued
CNN  Juniper and Violet are best friends who are both battling the same rare form of cancer . They also shared a dream to visit "  the happiest place on Earth " -- Disneyland . Violet 's wish came true in December 2013 , thanks to Make-A-Wish Foundation . When the nonprofit group granted 3-year-old Juniper 's wish in October , they offered Violet the chance to share the news to her beloved friend . Violet , now 4 , jumped at the idea , appearing in a heartwarming video posted on YouTube . The video has been viewed more than 100,000 times since being posted on Thursday , and it 's drawing unusually positive comments for the video platform , which is notorious for its anonymous , at-times snarky commenters . Dressed in the same glittering Cinderella costume she wore on her own Make-A-Wish trip , Violet twirls around her bedroom , bubbling with excitement . "  You 're going to Disneyland ! " she squeals . Danielle Ouellette , Juniper 's mother , says her daughter cheered when she saw the video . "  She was super excited to see Violet and she knows what Disneyland is , so she got really excited , " she said . The girls met in November 2013 and became treatment buddies at Seattle Children 's Hospital while battling retinoblastoma , a cancer that forms in the eye 's retina . Violet lives in Gig Harbor , Washington , and Juniper lives in Everett . The girls formed an instant bond when they first met , Violet 's mother , Shenay Spataro , said . Hospital staffers became accustomed to seeing the girls playing together , Spataro said . "  They just hugged each other for so long . Danielle -LSB- Juniper 's mother -RSB- and I were both in tears , " she said . The girls bonded over their love of Disney characters . Violet always wanted to meet Mickey Mouse and Juniper is a huge Minnie Mouse fan . When Make-A-Wish decided to grant Juniper 's wish to go to Disneyland , asking Violet to break the news seemed the obvious choice . The foundation grants 14,000 wishes each year , with Disney engaging in one of every two wishes the nonprofit grants . "  The two tiny voices of a 3-year-old and a 4-year-old paint the perfect , simple picture of what we do at Make-A-Wish every day : give hope and strength to kids battling life-threatening medical conditions , helping them feel better and sometimes , even get better , " Josh deBerg , a spokesperson for the Make-A-Wish Foundation , told CNN . Ouellette says Juniper 's trip to Disneyland helped her heal after the emotional and physical toll of her cancer treatment . "  During her cancer treatment , Juniper shut down , " she said . The cancer treatment destroyed her right eye , and she grew embarrassed after being fitted with a prosthetic . But Juniper regained her confidence during her trip . "  She was so excited at Disneyland to share who she was with everyone . We could n't ask for better closure . " Violet and Juniper are both in remission . They continue to have magical play dates together .	Violet and Juniper have been battling cancer together since November 2013 Heartwarming video shows Violet telling Juniper her wish to visit Disneyland has been granted
I 'll let you know what 's going on , but I do n't need new congressional authority to act , President Barack Obama told congressional leaders Wednesday about his upcoming decision on possible military intervention in Iraq . The White House meeting sounded more like a listening session for the top Republicans and Democrats in the House and Senate about options for helping Iraq 's embattled Shiite government halt the lightning advance of Sunni Islamist fighters toward Baghdad that Obama is considering . According to a White House statement , Obama went over U.S. efforts to "  strengthen the capacity of Iraq 's security forces to confront the threat " from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  fighters , "  including options for increased security assistance . " Earlier , spokesman Jay Carney spelled out one limit to any U.S. help , saying : "  The President has n't ruled out anything except sending U.S. combat troops into Iraq . " While the White House statement emphasized Obama would continue to consult with Congress , Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said the President "  basically just briefed us on the situation in Iraq and indicated he did n't feel he had any need for authority from us for the steps that he might take . " House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California agreed with McConnell 's assessment , adding she believed congressional authorization for military force in Iraq back in 2001 and 2003 still applied . Obama "  did not give us an array of actions he was planning to take , " Pelosi said . "  He just talked about his perspective on what was happening there . " A few hours earlier , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey said they were working out details on possible U.S. steps that could include airstrikes on Sunni militants advancing through northern Iraq . ` Full range of options ' "  I share alarm about the future of Iraq , and we are developing a full range of options to help stabilize the region , " Dempsey said at a Senate subcommittee hearing Wednesday . He and Hagel noted that final details , especially for airstrikes requested by the Iraqi government , required more intelligence on the ISIS fighters whose lightning sweep of Sunni territory has raised the specter of a partitioned Iraq and a broader Sunni-Shiite regional war . They agreed with subcommittee members that the Iraq crisis amounted to a threat to U.S. interests in the region and , down the road , a possible threat to the U.S. homeland if northern Iraq and neighboring Syria become a safe haven for al Qaeda-affiliated Islamists . Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , a conservative hawk critical of what he considers to be a weak U.S. foreign policy under Obama , noted that ISIS fighters have threatened to attack the United States . ` High-risk scenario ' "  Although currently a regional threat , they do have aspirations to attack Western interests , " Dempsey said , calling the safe haven outcome outlined by Graham a "  high-risk scenario . " "  Yeah , to our homeland being attacked by this group , " Graham countered , to which Dempsey responded , "  not at this time but over time . " When Graham asked about possible U.S. airstrikes on the militant forces , Dempsey confirmed reports that the Iraqi government had requested them and added that it was "  in our national security interest to counter " the ISIS fighters "  wherever we find them . " At the White House , Carney made clear that Obama 's "  ultimate objective " was to protect U.S. national security interests and prevent the region from becoming a safe haven for ISIS extremists . "  Any action that he might contemplate when it comes to ... the use of military force will be to deal with the immediate and medium-term threat posed by ISIL , " Carney said , noting that 170 U.S. military personnel have been sent to Baghdad to assist in securing embassy personnel inside Iraq , while another 100 moved into the region to "  provide airfield management security and logistic support , if required . " Like other administration officials , he referred to the militants by the abbreviation for the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant , rather than the common translation of the name that includes Syria . A draft list of possible ISIS targets in Iraq is being constantly reviewed and revised with the latest intelligence , typical of any preliminary targeting operation , according to U.S. military officials who spoke on the condition of not being identified . Compiling the draft list does not signal that Obama will authorize such strikes , and several administration officials said the President has yet to make a final decision . Manned reconnaissance Several military sources also confirmed to CNN the start of manned reconnaissance flights over Iraq to collect up-to-the-minute intelligence on ISIS movements and positions . Unmanned reconnaissance flights have been going on for several days . In order to use precision-guided weapons , satellite coordinates generally would have to be loaded into them well in advance . That means the Defense Department needs to be ready to move quickly if Obama announces a decision to strike . The "  kinetic " option against ISIS targets could include dropping precision-guided bombs from manned aircraft flying overhead , using Tomahawk cruise missiles fired from Navy ships in the Arabian Gulf or using drones to fire missiles . Military officials told CNN that the drone option was considered the least desirable because they fire against relatively small specific targets such as vehicles or individual suspected terrorists . For days , military sources have said ISIS fighters are dispersed and mixed in with local populations , making them difficult to target precisely with airstrikes . Washington political fight On Capitol Hill , political leaders who later met with Obama sparred over the Iraq crisis in a debate intensified by the hyperpartisan atmosphere of an election year . House Speaker John Boehner demanded that Obama lay out a "  broader strategy " for how the United States should deal with the growing sectarian violence in Iraq when he and other top congressional leaders meet with the President at the White House . Boehner sidestepped a question about whether he supported airstrikes and said it 's up to the President to lay out what to do next . "  I 'm looking for the overall strategy that will help secure the gains that we have made , " Boehner said . Meanwhile , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid spoke out forcefully against sending U.S. service members into the middle of sectarian strife . "  This is an Iraqi civil war , and it is time for Iraqis to resolve it themselves , " the Nevada Democrat said on the Senate floor . "  It is not worth the blood of American service members . It is not worth the monetary cost to the American taxpayer . " Militants ' advance threatens Christians in Iraq Opinion : Dick Cheney 's amazing chutzpah on Iraq U.S. and Iran : From sworn enemies to partners on Iraq ?	President Obama says he 'll consult with Congress on Iraq White House spokesman reiterates that combat troops are ruled out Joint Chiefs chairman says Iraq has requested U.S. airstrikes Military planners warn of difficulty in targeting ISIS fighters in northern Iraq
CNN  -- Here 's what we know about Saturday 's crash landing of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 and some of the key questions raised by those facts : 1 . A preliminary readout from the flight data and cockpit voice recorders shows the aircraft was approaching well below the target landing speed of 137 knots  157 mph  . Records from the flight data recorder show that at 500 feet of altitude and 34 seconds before impact , the aircraft had already slowed to 134 knots  154 mph  . At seven seconds before impact , the pilots attempted to spool up the engines . At four seconds , the stall warning sounded . At 1.5 seconds , the pilots tried to abort the landing and go around to attempt another landing . At impact , the flight data recorder shows the aircraft had a forward speed of a mere 106 knots  121 mph  . What we do n't know : Why was the aircraft approaching so slowly ? Did the pilot not realize he was short ? Girls killed in crash were headed for camp 2 . Asiana said the pilot at the controls was making his first landing of a Boeing 777 at San Francisco International Airport . While a pilot with more than 10,000 hours of experience , including many hours flying Boeing 747s , he had only 43 hours of flying time in a 777 . What we do n't know : Did pilot inexperience with the aircraft play a role ? Why did the captain not speak up or take control ? 3 . The NTSB investigators have found nothing to corroborate online flight tracking records showing that Asiana Flight 214 descended from cruising altitude much more steeply and rapidly than previous Asiana flights on the same route . The NTSB says it found no "  abnormally steep descent data . " 4 . Part of the instrument landing system approach on Runway 28L was not working on the day of the crash . It had been down for some time . Flights were landing using visual flight rules . The weather was clear . The flight data shows the autopilot was disengaged at 1,600 feet and the pilot then took manual control of the plane . What we do n't know : Did the lack of ILS force the pilot to make a VFR landing in an aircraft with which he was not fully familiar ? 5 . The runway 's precision approach path indicator lights , showing correct flight approach altitudes , were working . What we do n't know : Why did n't the pilot recognize he was too low for the approach and initiate a go-around earlier ? 6 . Based on the debris field and the video obtained by CNN , the aircraft appears to have struck the rock sea wall well before the start of the runway . There are some marks on the sea wall , consistent with an impact of some part of the plane . 7 . The debris field runs from the water , slightly right of the paved threshold and runway center , all the way to the stopped aircraft fuselage . The NTSB says pieces of the rear of the aircraft are in the water near the seawall , visible at low tide . 8 . The Boeing 777 lost its tail section , including vertical and horizontal stabilizers , near the end of the paved threshold , just before the start of the runway . What we do n't know : Is this an indication the tail of the aircraft detached after first impact ? 9 . The right engine is detached from the wing and wedged against the right side of the fuselage . The left engine is a considerable distance forward of the fuselage in a grassy area to the right of Runway 28L . The NTSB says both engines had high rotational damage , showing that they were powering at impact . 10 . Most of the fire damage to the aircraft occurred after the Boeing 777 came to a stop on its belly . 11 . Passengers described the cabin interior as heavily damaged , with overhead bins dropping and at least one life raft/escape slide inflating inside the aircraft , trapping a flight attendant , whom passengers helped free . The NTSB says it will investigate the structural safety of the seats . 12 . The coroner says one of the two passengers killed appears to have been run over by an emergency vehicle , though the coroner had not yet determined the cause of death . Asiana has identified the fatalities as Ye Mengyuan and Wang Linjia of China , both of whom were 16 . 13 . Audio recordings of air traffic control conversations show no sign that the pilot declared an emergency before the crash landing . Emergency vehicles were dispatched afterward . 14 . The aircraft was built in 2006 and was purchased new by Asiana . 15 . The NTSB was planning to interview the four pilots Monday afternoon . Key information from those interviews will be made public at Tuesday 's briefing . First responders describe eerie , chaotic moments Why so many people survived CNN 's Dan Simon and Richard Quest contributed to this report .	Airline : Pilot was making first landing in control of a Boeing 777 at San Francisco airport Pilot had 10,000 hours of experience but only 43 hours flying time in a 777 An emergency vehicle ran over one of the passengers Passengers describe the engines spooling up and the nose tilting up before impact
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal has called for stricter doping controls and more transparency to help eradicate drug cheating in tennis . Nadal wants to ensure tennis is not plagued by the doping problems which have affected so many other sports , notably cycling , following the Lance Armstrong saga . "  It 's something even I do n't like to talk about because it has damaged the image of sport , and sport does n't deserve this kind of thing in my opinion , " the 11-time grand slam champion told CNN 's Open Court show before his weekend triumph at Indian Wells . "  When somebody like Armstrong was an idol for most of the people who loved sport , at the end , you see that was not true . "  It 's a big disappointment , so I think we need to work together in the same direction to change the situation . It can not continue like this . "  We need to be stricter on a few things . We need to have all the controls made public . " Nadal , who made his return to action in February following a seven-month absence with a knee injury , said tennis needs an all-encompassing approach to drug testing in order to maintain the sport 's image . "  We have to work together , we have to be working together with the administrators and hopefully we can change that terrible situation , " he said . "  We are lucky that in tennis , it has happened in just very exceptional cases but at the end , tennis is in sport , so if that happens in other sports , it affects tennis too . " In recent months sport has been hit by several high-profile doping scandals . Cyclist Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles , while Australian sport was given a wake-up call after a government report alleged athletes were using illegal substances supplied by organized criminal groups . Cheating in sport : What are banned substances ? Football 's governing body FIFA has already stated its intention to introduce biological passports , while the outcome of the Operation Puerto trial in Spain into the relationship between sport and doctor Eufemiano Fuentes ' doping network is ongoing . Biological passport The International Tennis Federation  ITF  recently confirmed that it will introduce a biological passport program , a system similar to the one used in cycling , where players ' drug test results are kept over a long period of time so that the use of illegal substances is more easily detected . "  The implementation of the athlete biological passport is an important step in the evolution of the tennis anti-doping program as it provides us with a great tool in the fight against doping in our sport , " said ITF President Francesco Ricci Bitti . In 2011 the ITF and the World Anti-Doping Agency conducted just 21 out-of-competition blood tests in a bid to detect illegal products such as human growth hormone  HGH  , EPO , transfusions and other blood-doping substances . According to the latest figures , the vast majority of tests in tennis in 2011 -- 2,019 of a total of 2,150 -- were urine . In February , the ITF banned Czech Republic player Barbora Zahlavova Strycova for six months after she tested positive for the stimulant sibutramine at a tournament in October . She insisted the drug had made it into her system through a supplement and denied taking it to enhance her performance . In 2010 , former top 100 player Wayne Odesnik , was suspended by the ITF after Australian customs officials found eight vials containing HGH in his luggage . He denied using HGH and never tested positive for it . His two-year ban was cut in half because the ITF said Odesnik cooperated with its anti-doping program . Earlier this month , 17-time grand slam champion Roger Federer told CNN that it was "  naÃ ¯ ve " to think tennis is clean , while world No. 1 Novak Djokovic recently queried the declining number of blood tests he had undergone . "  I was n't tested with blood for the last six or seven months , " he told reporters . "  It was more regularly in the last two , three years ago . I do n't know the reason why they stopped it . "	Rafael Nadal wants stricter drug controls in tennis Sport has been hit by several drug scandals in recent months ITF has introduced a biological passport program to battle the problem Czech tennis player banned for six months after positive test for sibutramine
CNN  -- Former South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , who resigned because of an extramarital affair with Maria Belen Chapur , told CNN in an interview Wednesday he was "  completely " surprised when Chapur -- now his fiancee -- showed up the night before to appear with him when he claimed victory in the runoff for the GOP nomination for his old U.S. House seat . "  I round the corner and there she is to give me a hug and surprise me , " Sanford said on "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " the day after his comeback political victory . "  It was not at all what I expected . It was an awfully , awfully nice surprise . " Chapur has rarely been seen in public with Sanford after the scandal of the affair , which was revealed after Sanford lied about hiking on the Appalachian Trail while he traveled to Argentina to visit her . He ended up getting divorced , and his victory in Tuesday 's runoff vote was a the first step in a political comeback .	Former South Carolina Gov. Sanford talks about his former mistress , now his fiancee Sanford won a run-off vote to become the GOP nominee for his former U.S. House seat
CNN  -- Taylor Swift has a "  new sick beat . " The crooner , whose name has been synonymous with songs about heartbreak , has turned a 180 and gone full-on happy single pop star . The "  Shake It Off " singer is "  dancing on her own and making the moves up as she goes " embracing the single life in a new cover story for British Vogue . "  Dating or finding someone is the last thing on my mind , because I ca n't picture how it could work with the way my life is , " Swift says . Taylor Swift changes her tune on ' 1989 ' The singer adds that she is actively avoiding a relationship partly due to her paparazzi lifestyle . "  I do n't know how a guy is supposed to walk next to his girlfriend when there are 20 men with cameras , and he ca n't protect his girlfriend because that 's the life she chose , " Swift says . "  I just do n't see how it could work , so I do n't think about it , and I kind of run from it when it presents itself . " While her Hollywood habits may sound like mo ' money-mo ' problems to some , Swift still has some of the same issues facing many women , even those who are n't celebrities . "  I go on too many dates , but I ca n't make 'em stay . At least that 's what people say , that 's what people say , " she sings in her latest single . Swift tells British Vogue , "  I do n't think any guy really . ... They think that they would want to get to know me , and maybe date me , but I do n't think they want what comes with it . " Swift 's high-profile exes include John Mayer , Jake Gyllenhaal , Joe Jonas , Taylor Lautner and Harry Styles . Taylor Swift in the future ? Optimistic , with a garden	Swift says she ca n't picture how she can date right now She says men do n't want what comes with her fame Swift has dated several famous men
CNN  -- Australian authorities say they 're not certain when a new search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 will be announced , clarifying earlier statements suggesting it would be made public Wednesday . Martin Dolan , the commissioner of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau , or ATSB , said Tuesday that the analysis of the relevant data will be completed this week , but that "  before we release , we have to talk with the Malaysians who are responsible for the overall investigation . " The ATSB , the agency leading the underwater search for the plane , had said Sunday that the new search area would be announced Wednesday . "  We are waiting for the Malaysians to get back to us on that , " Dolan said Tuesday . "  I suspect we will know when within the next 24 hours . " More than three months after Flight 370 disappeared over Southeast Asia , searchers have found no trace of the Boeing 777 or the 239 people aboard , making it one of the biggest mysteries in aviation history . Dolan said he expects that the new analysis of the data from satellites , radar and other sources will shift the search area farther south in the Indian Ocean . But he said the team of experts that has been poring over the available information is n't relying on the Malaysian military 's primary radar data as a measure of changes in altitude during the passenger jet 's mysterious flight on March 8 . Reports that emerged in the early stages of the investigation had suggested the plane may have made dramatic changes in altitude after it turned sharply off its scheduled path from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing . CNN safety analyst David Soucie says information about altitude changes is important because it directly affects the calculation of the new search area . If the plane did not rise and fall sharply , "  it changes the amount of time and the distance that the aircraft could have flown , " he said . If the plane did not make sharp changes in altitude , it would have flown farther and moved farther south than the original search area . Authorities have not been able to explain why the jet veered dramatically off course . Outside group tells governments where to search for Flight 370 A hole in the clouds , an empty space on earth	The new search area may not be announced as soon as Wednesday "  We are waiting for the Malaysians to get back to us , " a senior Australian official says Analysts have been re-evaluating satellite and radar data The search area is expected to move farther south in the Indian Ocean
CNN  -- Israel acknowledged Sunday that it edited recordings of what it said were anti-Semitic and anti-American radio calls by pro-Palestinian activists who tried to run the Gaza blockade and that it could not identify the origin of the broadcasts . The Israeli military released a 26-second recording Friday night in which a warning call to a ship in the flotilla was met with the reply of "  Shut up -- go back to Auschwitz . " After another voice reports that the convoy has the permission of Palestinian officials to dock in Gaza , a third voice responds , "  We are helping Arabs going against the U.S. Do n't forget 9/11 , guys . " But after the organizers of the aid convoy accused Israeli officials of manipulating the tapes , the Israel Defense Forces reported it had mistakenly identified one of the six ships in the activists ' "  Freedom Flotilla " as the source of the broadcasts . And it released a nearly six-minute recording of radio traffic that included those calls and several others , along with bursts of static and calls in other languages on the same channel . "  So to clarify : The audio was edited down to cut out periods of silence over the radio as well as incomprehensible comments so as to make it easier for people to listen to the exchange , " the Israeli military said in a statement posted on its Web site . And it added , "  Due to an open channel , the specific ship or ships in the ` Freedom Flotilla ' responding to the Israeli Navy could not be identified . " Israeli commandos intercepted the convoy at sea on May 31 and stormed the largest vessel , the Turkish-flagged Mavi Marmara , killing nine people aboard . The ships were carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza , the Palestinian territory that has been blockaded by Israel since its takeover by the Islamic movement Hamas in 2007 , and the deadly raid sparked international condemnation . Convoy organizers from Free Gaza said Israel "  doctored " the recordings "  in order to paint the flotilla passengers as anti-Semites . " The group denied its vessels were the source of the broadcasts and said the Israeli accusations made "  no more sense with the explanation . " "  All radio transmissions on the sea are heard by all captains , " the group said . "  Once again , Israel is caught in a lie trying to defend itself for the murder and mayhem it committed the morning of May 31 , 2010 . " On the full recording , an Israeli warship hails one of the vessels in the flotilla to warn it was approaching a blockade zone and warned that "  all necessary measures " would be taken to prevent it from docking in Gaza . After three warnings , Free Gaza activist Huwaida Arraf replied that the blockade was a violation of international law and that the convoy was carrying only humanitarian aid . "  We do not carry anything that constitutes a threat to your armed forces , " she says on the recording .	Edits made for easier listening , Israel says IDF ca n't ID source of transmissions Free Gaza : Israel "  doctored " tapes New story makes "  no more sense , " group says
Hogansville , Georgia  CNN  -- A Georgia couple arrived at the White House on the wrong day for a tour recently and got much more than they bargained for . After being screened by the Secret Service , Harvey and Paula Darden of Hogansville , Georgia , were led into a lavish invitation-only breakfast where they met the president and the first lady . How the couple was able to get into the White House event without being on the guest list was called "  dumb luck " by the Dardens . The White House is calling it a "  nice gesture " and has been explaining how this incident is nothing like the breach of security that took place when Tareq and Michaele Salahi infamously crashed the Obamas ' state dinner . The Dardens got into the White House on Veterans Day , weeks before the Salahis ' infamous party crashing . The couple mistakenly arrived a day early for a tour that was booked by their congressman . The White House says it put the Dardens through the appropriate screenings and criminal background checks before allowing them to go to the Veterans Day breakfast because there were no tours scheduled that day . Harvey Darden , 67 , says the whole thing was a surprise to him because at the time he did not realize that he was at the White House on the wrong day . Darden says he was standing outside the White House security booth with his 62-year-old wife when he heard : "  Mr. and Mrs. Darden , you are cleared to come in . " They were led directly to the grand East Room where there was a buffet and a crowd of people , some in military uniforms , some in suits . Darden says he began to get the sinking feeling that this was not the usual tour of the White House . He went to talk to a White House aide telling the staffer that he may be in the wrong place . The staffer , who Darden did not know by name , asked him if he was a veteran . When Darden said he told the staffer he was a Navy veteran , the staffer told him to stay for the breakfast . "  He said , ` Go with the flow , ' " Darden said . A White House spokesman said it was a "  nice gesture " that has been done before for those have passed security screenings . White House spokesman Nick Shapiro said it is not uncommon for staff to take people who are cleared for tours to other events if there is space available . Shapiro said the White House Office of Public Engagement , which Obama created to engage citizens in White House activities , was responsible for clearing in the Dardens , as well as the other breakfast guests . Secret Service spokesman Ed Donovan said agents performed the same screening procedures on the Dardens that were used for other breakfast guests . They checked the Dardens ' names and did a criminal background check , steps that were not taken for the Salahis at the November 24 state dinner . The Dardens ate breakfast and then were startled when Obama entered the room . They got a chance to meet the president , the first lady and the vice president , Darden said . Darden said he was even more startled he returned to his Georgia home and read his e-mails with U.S. Rep. Lynn Westmoreland and realized he had been at the White House on the wrong day . "  It was dumb luck that a veteran of four years was able to meet the President of the U.S , who I have lots of support and respect for , " Darden said . CNN 's Jason Morris and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	Georgia couple shows up on wrong day for White House tour , end up meeting president Event occurred weeks before infamous Obama state dinner "  party crashers " White House : Couple went through security screenings , calls incident "  nice gesture "
CNN  According to a new study released by Oxfam , the rich have made tremendous gains in the past several years -- to the point where , analysts predict , by 2016 the world 's wealthiest 1 % will control more than 50 % of the world 's wealth . The 80 wealthiest people in the world , alone , own $ 1.9 trillion . In the United States , the top 1 % control more than one third of the nation 's resources . Two out of three Americans disapprove of the current distribution of income and wealth . They believe that our economy and government unfairly favor the rich . One of the major contributors to rising inequality is our tax system . Raising taxes on the very wealthy is an idea that appeals to many Americans , including the middle class and poor . In his State of the Union Address on Tuesday night , President Barack Obama will attempt to address this serious issue . He will propose a set of policies to increase taxes paid by big business and the wealthiest Americans and provide tax cuts and credits for America 's middle class . Prominent economists think that the government needs to raise taxes on corporations and top earners to benefit the nation as a whole . Republicans , meanwhile , are already apoplectic about President Obama 's plan . One of the more curious phenomena about Republicans is that their economic agenda is entirely independent of the facts of the moment . So when the economy is strong , Republicans demand tax cuts for the rich . When the economy is weak , Republicans demand tax cuts for the rich . When the economy is recovering , Republicans demand tax cuts for the rich . But the massive tax cuts for the wealthy under President George W. Bush did n't stave off the recession and arguably precipitated or worsened the fall . Moreover , the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service has conclusively determined that tax cuts for the rich do not spur economic growth . To the contrary , there 's evidence that tax cuts hurt growth . In fact , the only thing tax cuts unequivocally do , according to the study ? Tax cuts increase economic inequality . President Obama is also proposing fees to make it more costly for the biggest financial companies to excessively borrow money . Post-recession , corporate profits have soared , but wages for Americans workers have not . Once upon a time , corporate profits used to correlate more closely with economic growth and wage prosperity for average Americans . In other words , we used to do well all together . But increasingly , especially in the past decade thanks to Republican tax cuts and deregulations , corporations have succeeded while ordinary Americans have fallen behind . How else do we explain the stock market hitting record highs while many Americans are still out of work ? This runaway train of inequality wo n't solve itself . We need government action -- action the majority of Americans strongly support . In his State of the Union address , President Obama will argue for closing the "  trust fund loophole , " which , according to the White House , is one of the biggest tax loopholes plaguing our economy and lets the wealthiest Americans avoid hundreds of billions in taxes every year , money that should be helping build roads and schools that help us all . President Obama will also propose raising the top capital gains and dividend rates back to what they were under President Ronald Reagan , which clearly Republicans once agreed was a sufficient level . And to hedge the sort of gambling that puts our entire economy at risk , President Obama will propose a fee on the nation 's largest financial firms in proportion to how heavily they borrow and leverage . These modest measures will help us reinvest in America 's middle class and strengthen our economy for everyone 's benefit . Among the President 's proposals is a $ 500 tax credit for second earners in families where both spouses work , a proposal that will benefit 24 million American families . The President will endorse tripling the child care tax benefit , to help 5.1 million American families cover the cost of child care . President Obama will provide students with up to $ 2,500 a year toward the cost of college and make the first two years of community college free . And President Obama 's plan includes giving 30 million more workers the opportunity to easily and automatically save for retirement through their employers . While American voters across the board think that Democrats help the poor , middle class and rich fairly equally , 69 % think Republican Party policies favor the rich . Even conservative voters are concerned about rising inequality . The political pressure is on the GOP to prove they 're not just the party of the 1 % . There are some encouraging signs that Republicans believe tax reform should include increasing the share paid by the wealthiest Americans . President Obama 's plan is a modest and effective set of policies that sensible Republicans can support . The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . We 've cut taxes on big businesses and the rich to near historic lows . Those tax cuts have only helped corporate profits and yacht sales . It 's time that our economic policy helps all Americans . In this economic and political climate , not supporting basic tax fairness is insane .	New study indicates that by 2016 , the world 's wealthiest 1 % will control more than 50 % of the world 's wealth President Obama is right in his SOTU address to address the widening inequality and to propose taxes on the rich Republicans need to recognize that they ca n't just be the party of the 1 % and support Obama 's modest proposals
CNN  -- Prosecutors in Buenos Aires , Argentina , are investigating clashes between authorities and homeless squatters in a vacant park that left three people dead and 14 others injured last week , state media reported . Four men were still in the hospital Monday -- one in serious condition -- after authorities cracked down on groups of homeless people who tried to illegally take park lands to start building houses , the state-run Telam news agency said . The clashes grew so violent that Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner sent in National Guard troops to surround the park , where government estimates indicate more than 1,600 families are camped . Authorities say many of the squatters are illegal immigrants , and the physical clashes have also become a tense political standoff between the federal government and city authorities in a nation that frequently attracts low-wage migrants from other South American countries . Alejandro Salvatierra told reporters that many of the squatters were promised homes by the government 10 year ago , but are still searching for a solution that would give them a dignified place to live . "  This situation is a desperate one that made us take the decision we did , " he said , adding that , "  we will not leave the park until we have our housing . " Standing beside a table displaying rocks , wooden sticks and even a gun that authorities recovered from the scene , Cabinet Chief Anibal Fernandez Fernandez blamed the conflict on Buenos Aires Mayor Mauricio Macri , Telam reported . "  The national government would like to publicly condemn the criminal acts of political activists , " said Julio Alak , Argentina 's security and justice minister . Federal officials have called Macri a "  xenophobe " for saying the conflict was because of "  uncontrolled immigration " of illegal immigrants from neighboring South American countries , including Bolivia and Paraguay , the agency said . But they say it is Macri 's responsibility to resolve the problem , since a government census revealed that a large majority of residents in the park come from the city . "  Now the government has to take responsibility of what happens in the park premises . In the meantime , the national government will take charge of keeping the peace in the area , " said Alicia Kirchner , Argentina 's minister of social development , according to Telam .	A government census says more than 1,600 families are in the park Many of them are illegal immigrants , Argentina 's security minister says One squatter says they will not leave the park until they get homes The mayor of Buenos Aires says the conflict stemmed from "  uncontrolled immigration "
CNN  -- The crew members of a North Korean freighter regained control of their ship from pirates who hijacked the vessel off Somalia , but not without a deadly fight , the U.S. Navy reported Tuesday . The USS James E. Williams ordered pirates to give up their weapons , the Navy says . When the battle aboard the Dai Hong Dan was over , two pirates were dead and five were captured , the Navy said . Three wounded crew members from the cargo ship were being treated aboard the guided-missile destroyer USS James E. Williams . The captured pirates were being held aboard the North Korean vessel , the Navy said . The bandits had seized the ship 's bridge , while the crew kept control of the steering gear and engines , the Navy said . The Koreans moved against the attackers after the Williams -- responding to reports of the hijacking -- ordered the pirates to give up their weapons , according to the Navy . When the crew members stormed the bridge , the deadly battle began . After the crew regained control , Navy sailors boarded the Dai Hong Dan to help with the injured . North Korea and the United States have no diplomatic relations . Watch why the U.S. helped the North Koreans " The incident took place about 70 miles northeast of the Somali capital , Mogadishu , the Navy said . It is the second incident of piracy reported in recent days . A second U.S. Navy destroyer was searching waters off Somalia for pirates who hijacked a Japanese-owned ship , military officials said . Over the weekend , gunmen aboard two skiffs hijacked the Panamanian-flagged Golden Nori off the Socotra archipelago near the Horn of Africa , said Andrew Mwangura , a spokesman for the Kenyan-based Seafarers ' Assistance Program . The guided-missile destroyer USS Arleigh Burke has been pursuing the pirates after entering Somali waters with the permission of the troubled transitional government in Mogadishu , U.S. officials said Monday . In recent years , warships have stayed outside the 12-mile limit when chasing pirates . Two military officials familiar with the details confirmed the ongoing operation . The Navy 's pursuit of the pirates began Sunday night when the Golden Nori radioed for help . The Burke 's sister ship , the USS Porter , opened fire and sank the pirate skiffs tied to the Golden Nori 's stern before the Burke took over shadowing the hijacked vessel . When the shots were fired , it was not known the ship was filled with highly flammable benzene . U.S. military officials indicate there is a great deal of concern about the cargo because it is so sensitive . Benzene , which U.S. authorities have declared a known human carcinogen , is used as a solvent and to make plastics and synthetic fabrics . Four other ships in the region remain in pirate hands , the Navy said . U.S. and NATO warships have been patrolling off the Horn of Africa for years in an effort to crack down on piracy off Somalia , where a U.N.-backed transitional government is struggling to restore order after 15 years of near-anarchy . See how piracy is worse than 2006 " On Monday , the head of the transitional government resigned as his administration -- backed by Ethiopian troops -- battled insurgents from the Islamic movement that seized control of Mogadishu in 2006 . Hospital officials reported 30 dead in three days of clashes on the city 's south side . In June , the ship USS Carter Hall fired warning shots in an attempt to stop a hijacked Danish cargo ship off Somalia , but the American vessel turned away when the pirated ship entered Somali waters . In May , a U.S. Navy advisory warned merchant ships to stay at least 200 miles off the Somali coast . But the U.S. Maritime Administration said pirates sometimes issue false distress calls to lure ships closer to shore . See the warning area " The pirates often are armed with automatic rifles and shoulder-fired rockets , according to a recent warning from the agency . "  To date , vessels that increase speed and take evasive maneuvers avoid boarding , while those that slow down are boarded , taken to the Somali coastline and released after successful ransom payment , often after protracted negotiations of as much as 11 weeks , " the warning advised . The agency issued a new warning to sailors in the Gulf of Aden , between Somalia and Yemen , after Sunday 's hijacking . E-mail to a friend CNN correspondents Barbara Starr at the Pentagon and Christian Purefoy in Nairobi contributed to this report .	North Korean crew recaptures hijacked vessel Navy says two pirates killed , five captured ; three from crew injured USS Arleigh Burke enters Somali territorial waters to pursue other pirates Pirates aboard hijacked Golden Nori carrying highly flammable benzene
NATO admitted that it had killed Afghan civilians in an airstrike early Sunday morning , hours after saying there was no evidence of civilian deaths . "  A number of Afghan civilians were unintentionally killed or injured during this mission , " the coalition said in a statement accepting "  full responsibility for this tragedy . " NATO 's International Security Assistance Force "  offers its sincerest regret to the families , " the statement said . The coalition first cast doubt on an Afghan official 's assertion that eight women were killed and seven more wounded in a coalition airstrike Sunday morning in Laghman province . As the day went on , ISAF changed its line , saying it was aware of the incident and the allegations . It finally admitted that the Afghan report was correct . NATO releases details of brazen raid on base in Afghanistan Afghan official Abdul Khaliq Husaine had said women normally go out to collect wood in the night , and that they came under attack in the early hours of Sunday morning . The incident took place in the province 's Alingar district . Sarhadi Zwak , a provincial spokesman , also said civilians had been killed , and that the airstrike was carried out without coordination with Afghan officials . Earlier , ISAF said it had been targeting "  a large group of insurgents " in the province , east of the capital Kabul . It identified the group of about 45 as hostile , and attacked with "  precision munitions and direct fire , " said spokesman James Graybeal . The strikes "  killed a large number of the insurgents and forced the group to depart , " he said . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahed said the strike killed more than 20 civilians , and condemned the attack . The Taliban frequently exaggerates death tolls . Civilian casualties in the war between coalition forces and militants have generated grass-roots anger toward the combatants , and ISAF has been working for years to tackle the problem Separate ` insider ' attack kills troops	NATO admits causing the deaths after an earlier denial that civilians were killed An Afghan official says the victims were women gathering wood at night ISAF has been working for years to tackle civilian casualties
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When Xi Jinping , 59 , and his "  Fifth Generation " of leaders assume power , it will mark a first for China 's post-1949 generation and those who spent their formative years during the Cultural Revolution . In a series of steps , Xi , the current vice president since 2008 , is expected to be named general secretary of the Communist Party during its 18th Congress , which opens Thursday , and then president next March , succeeding incumbent Hu Jintao . As with all Chinese leaders , details of Xi 's life are tightly controlled by the government , creating a gap that biographies -- some written under pseudonyms , given the political sensitivities -- have sought to fill . China watchers meanwhile try to discern how he would lead . "  Chinese leaders do n't rise to the top telegraphing what changes they 'll do , " said Bruce J. Dickson , a political science professor at George Washington University 's Elliott School of International Affairs . "  They rise to the top showing how loyal they are to the incumbent . What they 'll do when they rise to the top -- that 's the big question . " Read about what Xi Jinping faces Xi was born in 1953 , four years after the Chinese Communist Party defeated the ruling Nationalists and established the People 's Republic of China . He is the son of the second marriage of Xi Zhongxun , a revolutionary hero whom then-paramount leader Mao Zedong would appoint minister of propaganda and education . Xi Zhongxun would later become vice premier under Zhou Enlai and secretary general of the State Council , China 's highest administrative body , before being purged in 1962 . Until then , Xi Jinping had grown up a "  princeling " in the enclave of power , Zhongnanhai , with other children of China 's first generation of leaders . One childhood peer was Bo Xilai , son of Bo Yibo , the first finance minister who was also purged during the Cultural Revolution . Life was comfortable and far removed from the mass starvation during Mao 's disastrous "  Great Leap Forward " campaign  1958-1962  , which was designed to transform the nation into an industrial society . However , a few years later , Xi -- his father by then deposed -- would be among 30 million "  sent-down youth , " forced to leave cities for the countryside and mountains under another of Mao 's policies . From 1969-1975 , or most of the Cultural Revolution , Xi was an agricultural laborer in Liangjiahe , Shaanxi , his ancestral province . "  That generation went through a lot of difficulties , " said Cheng Li , director of research at the John L. Thornton Center at the Brookings Institution . "  Idealism and pragmatism in a very unique way combined in this generation . " Read about Mao 's shadow lingering over China The experience had a positive influence on Xi 's view of China and the world , according to Guo Yanjun , chairman of CNHK Media , the publisher of "  China 's Future : A Biography of Xi Jinping . " "  Even after he became a leader , he helped farmers , " Guo said . His favorite story was of the Tsinghua University-bound Xi in 1975 being accompanied by villagers who walked 60 li  30 km  to send him off at a train station . Mao died in 1976 , and Xi 's father was subsequently rehabilitated and became party secretary of Guangdong , where he oversaw China 's first special economic zones near Hong Kong -- reforms that would define then paramount leader Deng Xiaoping 's economic legacy . China 's next leader keeps Iowa close to his heart The elder Xi 's connections proved critical . After graduating from Tsinghua with a chemical engineering degree in 1979 , Xi Jinping became the personal secretary to his father 's former comrade-in-arms , Geng Biao , and became an active military servicemember . As vice premier , a member of the Communist Party 's Politburo Standing Committee and secretary general of the Central Military Commission , Geng "  dominated the Party , government and the army , " according to "  China 's Future , " affording Xi a rare vantage point . Such military ties -- familial and professional -- give him what neither Hu nor his predecessor Jiang Zemin had , said Chi Wang , president of the U.S.-China Policy Foundation . "  The military takes him as one of the family members . " It was around this period that Xi was married to his first wife , Ke Lingling , the daughter of Ke Hua , China 's ambassador to Great Britain and a former underling of Xi Zhongxun , according to "  China 's Future . " Not much is known about the marriage except that it ended in divorce within a few years .  In 1987 , Xi would marry his current wife , Peng Liyuan , a popular folk singer for the People 's Liberation Army . Read how Xi is considered a "  mystery " In 1982 , when his father entered the ruling Politburo and the Secretariat , Xi became county deputy secretary in Zhengding , Hebei province , his first experience in rural politics . In this role , he took his first trip to the United States -- as part of an agricultural delegation in 1985 to Hebei 's "  sister state " of Iowa -- and brought back knowledge of farming technology as well as tourism . This trip had a great impact on Xi , who stayed with a family in Muscatine , said Pin Ho , chairman of Mirror Books , which published a separate "  Biography of Xi Jinping " this year . "  Vocally , he 's a nationalist . Psychologically , he greatly hopes to keep good relations with the West , especially the U.S. , " Ho said , noting that Xi 's daughter , Xi Mingze , studies there -- at Harvard -- under a pseudonym . In a major policy speech in Washington in February Xi called for increasing strategic trust and reducing suspicions while respecting each other 's core interests , such as the "  one-China policy " that opposes Taiwan and Tibetan independence . In an indirect reference to the Obama administration 's "  rebalancing " strategy toward Asia , Xi said , "  We hope the United States will respect the interests and concerns of China and other countries in the region . " Nonetheless , Xi got high marks for his desire to engage with the United States , and his trip included meetings with President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta . Also not overlooked was the fact Xi chose to make a nostalgic stop in Iowa , in addition to Los Angeles , during his five-day U.S. tour . Read about China reaction to Obama 's re-election win "  From my conversations with people in the United States , the reigning understanding is , ` This is a guy we can work with , ' " said David Lampton , director of the China Studies Program at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies . Wang of the U.S.-China Policy Foundation echoed the sentiments , calling Xi "  relaxed , very at ease to talk with people " and a departure from Communist leaders who tend to be "  very cautious " when talking . Read about how U.S. , China are worlds apart but joined Meanwhile , "  Xi 's leadership experience -LSB- after Zhengding -RSB- in running Fujian , Zhejiang , and Shanghai , three economically-advanced regions , has prepared him well for pursuing policies to promote the development of the private sector , foreign investment and trade , and the liberalization of China 's financial system , " wrote Cheng Li of Brookings for the Washington Quarterly in its winter 2012 edition . The run-up to Xi 's ascension as China 's next leader has nonetheless been bumpy . In September , his nearly two-week "  disappearance " -- and canceled meetings with Clinton and other foreign officials -- fueled speculation over his health and factional infighting . In an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , former Hong Kong Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa said Xi had suffered a back injury while swimming . Even so , the Chinese media 's "  default mode " of not speaking about its leaders , coupled with the lack of a constitutional basis for the regime 's transfer of power , left people wondering , "  What 's the Plan B if something were to happen ? " Lampton said . Read about the struggle of ideas at the top Also of note were two reports released by Xinhua on September 28 within three minutes of each other : the Congress ' November 8 opening date -- after much speculation it would fall in October -- and the expulsion of Bo Xilai from the Communist Party . Bo now faces criminal prosecution in the wake of a scandal that saw his wife convicted of murder . Given the turbulent lead-up to the Communist Party Congress , Lampton says he , like other China watchers , will be trying to glean clues as to China 's political direction . He says a longer-than-expected Congress could hint at an inability to reach decisions . Also important will be the make-up of the Politburo Standing Committee , what happens to the key portfolios -- and crucially , whether Hu will relinquish his chairmanship of the Central Military Commission to Xi . Read about the secrecy surrounding China 's Party Congress "  Having two centers -- the predecessor heading the military and the new leader second-in-command -- is not a healthy signal to the world , " Lampton said . The flipside of having a more collective leadership as opposed to a dominant leader like Mao or Deng is that the "  system has been set up to prevent a strong leader , " Dickson of George Washington University said . All the more reason that the charismatic Bo , who had been tipped for the Standing Committee and is said to have led a ruthless anti-crime campaign in Chongqing , drew some concern before his downfall . Read a who 's who of China 's next leaders The clean reputation of Xi -- who had become Shanghai 's leader after his predecessor , Chen Liangyu , was dismissed over a social security fund scandal -- took a hit in June when Bloomberg reported on the wealth of his extended family . Although no assets were traced to Xi , his wife or daughter , Bloomberg found that his extended family had business interests in minerals , real estate and mobile-phone equipment , with assets in the hundreds of millions . Last month the New York Times gave a similar treatment to Premier Wen Jiabao , reporting on the staggering wealth of his relatives -- a review that found assets of at least $ 2.7 billion . Xi and the new leaders will have to demonstrate to the public how serious they are in fighting widespread corruption , Lampton said , or face "  huge problems . " CNN 's Shao Tian contributed to this report .	As with all Chinese leaders , government tightly controls details of Xi 's life Xi is the son of a revolutionary hero , grew up a "  princeling " Xi has military ties that predecessors Hu , Jiang do n't , one observer notes Xi received high marks during Washington trip for desire to engage United States
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's main opposition on Tuesday boycotted the ceremony for a new parliamentary session , during which President Robert Mugabe appealed to the West to lift sanctions on him and his Zanu PF party leadership . "  With the elections now behind us , we look forward to meaningful and effective collaboration with all progressive members of the global community , " Mugabe said . "  We indeed stand ready to work with those , who , before were at odds with us ; our detractors . On the other hand , Zimbabwe will continue to demand the immediate and unconditional removal of illegal sanctions imposed by some Western arrogant countries , " said the 89-year-old leader . Mugabe to continue takeover policy of foreign companies His 33-year rule of Zimbabwe was extended by another five years when he won the July 31 elections . Former Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai 's Movement for Democratic Change regards those elections as a "  monumental fraud . " "  We would have recognized a stolen election had we attended the ceremony , " said Douglas Mwonzora , the spokesperson for the MDC said of parliamentary opening . He said the party 's MDC would attend usual parliamentary sessions . Last week , Mugabe appointed a new cabinet that retained a controversial policy of seizing majority stake of foreign-owned firms and giving them to black natives of Zimbabwe . He said the program will be "  reviewed and strengthened , " adding Zimbabwe 's economic recovery would be anchored on financial assistance from countries such as India and China . Global Public Square : Is Mugabe a classic strongman ?	Main opposition snubs parliament 's opening ceremony by President Robert Mugabe Mugabe appeals for the West to lift sanctions on him Opposition says attending the ceremony would have legitimized a stolen election
CNN  -- Wisconsin 's Republican attorney general on Monday appealed a judge 's decision to halt the enactment of a controversial new law that curbs the collective bargaining rights of most state employees . Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen is asking the state 's 4th District Court of Appeals to lift the temporary restraining order handed down Friday by Dane County Circuit Court Judge Maryann Sumi . Sumi issued the injunction in response to a suit filed by a Democratic district attorney alleging that Republican legislators violated the state 's open meetings law by calling a committee meeting to amend GOP Gov. Scott Walker 's budget bill without providing the public 24-hour advance notice . The amended bill , which had been stalled for weeks by 14 Democratic state senators who left Wisconsin to prevent a quorum -- and thus a vote on the measure -- then sailed to easy passage in both chambers of the Legislature . In the appeal , Van Hollen argues that Sumi has no jurisdiction over state lawmakers or Wisconsin 's secretary of state , all of whom have sovereign immunity . Sumi 's order bars Wisconsin Secretary of State Douglas La Follette from publishing the new law . "  The  Wisconsin  Supreme Court has repeatedly held that a court may not void any act of the Legislature for alleged failure to follow a non-constitutional rule of legislative process , " Van Hollen 's brief states . "  As applied to legislative acts , the Open Meetings law is such a rule of process . " In a separate news release , Van Hollen said , "  the court may not interfere with the legislative process and enjoin the publication of a bill as the last step in the legislative process . ... Courts may only evaluate whether constitutional procedural requirements were met . " The public brouhaha over Walker 's $ 137 million budget repair bill all but shut down the Wisconsin state Legislature for weeks . It also drew protesters by the tens of thousands , among them union supporters and public employees , who called the proposed measure an attack on workers . GOP lawmakers countered that the law will help the state close a massive budget shortfall with a plan that requires public workers , with the exception of police and firefighters , to cover more of their retirement plan contributions and health care premiums . Republican members of a conference committee on Walker 's bill called a meeting March 9 to amend the bill . Over the objections of a Democratic House member , the lawmakers carved the governor 's proposed curbs on collective bargaining out of Walker 's budget legislation and passed them in a separate bill . That enabled Republicans to pass the bill out of the state Senate with fewer votes . The state House of Representatives then easily passed the bill . Walker signed it into law on March 11 . Five days later , Dane County District Attorney Ismael Ozanne , a Democrat appointed last year by then-Gov . Jim Doyle , also a Democrat , filed suit .	Republican attorney general files appeal to void judge 's delay The official says the judge has no jurisdiction over lawmakers Wisconsin Senate Democrats contend that the bill 's passage violated open meetings law
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Department of Homeland Security will bypass environmental and land-management laws to build hundreds of miles of border fence between the United States and Mexico , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said Tuesday . A border fence stands at Juarez , Mexico . More than 360 miles of fence are supposed to be finished by year 's end . "  Criminal activity at the border does not stop for endless debate or protracted litigation , " Chertoff said . "  These waivers will enable important security projects to keep moving forward . " Chertoff cited a congressional requirement that 361 miles of fence be completed by the end of the year . He also pointed out that Congress had given him the authority to bypass laws . But the executive director of the Sierra Club , an environmental group , said the move "  threatens the livelihoods and ecology of the entire U.S.-Mexico border region . " "  Secretary Chertoff chose to bypass stakeholders and push through this unpopular project on April Fools ' Day . We do n't think the destruction of the borderlands region is a laughing matter , " said Carl Pope . The Sierra Club says the waivers will affect a range of federally protected lands , including national parks , monuments , wildlife refuges , forests and wilderness areas . The Sierra Club says the waivers themselves are unconstitutional and has asked the Supreme Court to rule on the question . This is the fourth set of waivers issued by the department , and is the most sweeping . Chertoff 's orders Tuesday affect two areas . First , the department proposes to place fencing , towers , sensors , cameras , detection equipment and roads along a 470-mile stretch of the border in California , Arizona , New Mexico and Texas . Second , it plans to integrate a concrete wall into proposed levee reinforcements along a 22-mile section of the Rio Grande in Hidalgo County , Texas . The department said it is committed to working in an environmentally sensitive manner and cooperating with resource agencies so it does as little damage as possible . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Sierra Club says border waivers are unconstitutional Homeland Security chief : Waivers will enable security projects to move forward Environmental , land-management laws will be bypassed for U.S.-Mexico fence Michael Chertoff says Congress has given him the authority to bypass laws
CNN  -- Many skiers who visit Colorado prefer the slopes of Aspen , Vail or Breckenridge . But there 's a cool little day trip from Denver that often gets overlooked by out-of-towners . The Ski Train begins its round-trip journey to Winter Park at Union Station in Denver , Colorado . The Ski Train is a 68-year-old local favorite that shuttles about 750 people between Denver and Winter Park . It runs on weekend days -- leaving Denver 's Union Station at 7:15 a.m. -- and begins the return leg nine hours later . The 56-mile trip takes about two hours each way , and many riders say it 's worth the cost to avoid the traffic hassles of the oft-congested I-70 . A roundtrip ticket costs between $ 49 and $ 85 . There are additional expenses , such as parking at the train station in Denver and lift tickets for skiers . If someone chooses to shop instead of ski , a free shuttle into Winter Park is available . Train riders love the trip route , which winds through the Rockies and climbs to 9,000 feet . It also travels through almost 30 tunnels , including the 6.2-mile Moffat Tunnel , which passes underneath the Continental Divide . "  The train ride up there is spectacular . You see wonderful vistas as you leave Denver through the northern plains and into the mountains , " Kristal Kraft , a real estate agent in Denver , says . "  And once you get through the Moffat Tunnel , you 're right there at Winter Park . " Kraft says she enjoyed her maiden voyage on the train , which came courtesy of a local home builder that bought group tickets in one of the club cars . "  I loved the convenience -LSB- of the train -RSB- , ' she says . "  We relaxed , talked , socialized . And when you get off the train , you are right there at the slopes . " According to skitrain.com , three additional cars are available for charter and one for company retreats . The Web site lists the price for the presentation car at $ 5,000 for a winter trip . The site says the current train cars were purchased after Ansco Investment Company bought the Ski Train in 1988 . Kraft says the cars are comfortably heated and there is ample room to move around . Kraft , an amateur photography buff , enjoyed switching from window to window , side to side , to take pictures . There is one occasional hitch to riding the train . It shares the track with the Union Pacific Railroad and at times has to stop or pullover to make way for a freight train or Amtrak . And there are instances where another train has an accident . One time a coal train derailed in a tunnel and the Union Pacific officials told the Ski Train operators it would take two days to clear the tracks , says Ski Train media relations director Jim Bain . They called the passengers together in a cafeteria in Winter Park and advised them to call friends and family to come pick them up . The company also arranged for a few buses to come gather the remaining passengers and Bain says they were all headed back to Denver by 8:30 p.m. . It was a worst-case scenario , he says , and it only happened once . There are occasional delays of a few hours . The bad news is you 're delayed ; the good news is you 're on a full service train with food service and restrooms . And there 's the ability to find a beverage . One reviewer on the Web site yelp.com said there 's another bonus to the train . "  What 's great is that once you get back into Denver you can hit Wynkoop brewery or any other bars around there to keep the party rolling , " Ramon G. wrote .	Ski Train from Denver to Winter Park has been a local favorite for 68 years Train ferries skiers to slopes in Colorado 's Rocky Mountains "  The train ride up there is spectacular , " says Denver resident Train passes through 6.2-mile Moffat Tunnel underneath the Continental Divide
Editor 's Note : Lydia McAllister is a senior at Joplin High School in Joplin , Missouri . She writes for the school newspaper , The Spyglass , plays soccer and is an officer with the National Honor Society . Next year , she hopes to study journalism at the University of Missouri . Education Overtime is an seven-week series that focuses on the conversations surrounding education issues that affect students , teachers , parents and the community . Joplin , Missouri -- Wednesday will be the first day of my last year of high school . Like any other senior , I 'm excited to be close to the end . But unlike students in other places , I 'm starting school year in a town that survived a tornado . May 22 , 2011 , is the day my life changed forever . Thinking back , no one could have known what would happen at 5:41 p.m. . It was just another Sunday , just another thunderstorm . I was in the kitchen finishing an art project with the TV on in the background . A lady came on to say it was a "  super cell . " Back to school in tornado-ravaged Joplin On the front porch , my dad and little brother were watching the storm develop . The sky looked strange . Big black clouds gave way to smaller clouds that hung lower than they should . Everything was so still . The sky started to have an eerie , greenish tint , and the wind blowing south stopped and blew north . In that moment , I knew it would n't be just another thunderstorm . iReport Open Story : Joplin tornado We went down to the basement . My dad had to carry our dog , Belle , who was too old to take the stairs . Hearing the tornado pass through my house is a memory I keep buried . When most of it was over , we could n't see much . My dad walked to the bottom of the stairs and looked up into what should have been our home , but it was gone . It was just sky . He cleared a path through the debris so he could stand in what should have been our living room . I 'll never forget that image of him , the sky above him illuminated with lighting more raw and powerful than I 'd ever seen . The tears that streamed down his face let me know it was so much worse than I had thought . The days that followed were some of the hardest . We made trips back and forth to the house where we stayed . We salvaged what we could and picked apart the rubble that used to be our home . Old toys and school work I had n't seen in years resurfaced and other things , I 'll never see again . The stuff I really wanted , you could never find . The days were a blur -- we took photo albums and furniture from the basement to storage units and helped neighbors and friends anyway and everywhere we could . I was depressed , angry , bitter , frustrated . Why us ? Why Joplin ? More than anything , I hated that it only took the tornado minutes to tear apart my town , but it would be months before life could be anything close to normal . Impact Your World : How to help tornado victims All those times I 'd heard , "  Life 's not fair , " finally made more sense than it ever had before . Before we found a rental house , we stayed with family friends and then my grandparents . Their homes on the other side of town were fine . The rental is nothing like my old house , but my mom has managed to make it feel home-y . I say "  home-y " because my home -- the house where I grew up and have memories in every room -- is just an empty lot right now , waiting to be rebuilt . It does n't look like much now , but I love every inch what used to be there . My dad and I talked about the good and bad things that came from the tornado . The bad were a lot easier to list . In fact , I sat there trying to think of good things for a long time before my dad said , "  For every bad thing the tornado has done , think of a good thing , too . That way you keep a balance . You always have to have a balance . " It 's something I 'm working on . We 'll have a new house . The whole town will be newer and nicer than before . All our friends and family are OK . It was always the kind of community where people helped each other , but now everyone knows it . I 'm more excited than usual to start school again . The normality that comes with the school year will be a welcome change from the wild card summer we 've been dealt . Our new school is in a mall , and it 's a cool space to have your senior year . It 's just juniors and seniors , so I wo n't be with my brother for his freshman year . But I 'll have the same schedule I wanted before the tornado , and all the sports and activities are starting like usual . Joplin marching band tries to bring back the music The Friday before the tornado hit , my chemistry teacher , Mr. Parker , had written on the board : If the world ends Sunday , there will be no school Monday . It was just a joke about end-of-the-world predictions in the news , but our world would kind of end . It stopped spinning in those second the tornado was over us , and then started spinning faster than it had before . I think about the tornado every day , but it gets easier . The anger and resentment have worn off . The tornado ruined a lot of things , but we 're still here . Our town is being rebuilt , and our schools are starting on time . Good things are still keeping the balance .	A tornado that hit Joplin , Missouri , in May destroyed parts of town and killed more than 150 The home of Lydia McAllister , a senior at Joplin High School , was destroyed Joplin students return to school this week Lydia : "  I think about the tornado every day , but it gets easier "
Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- The opening ceremony for the 2010 Winter Olympics began on a somber note Friday night as members of the delegation from Georgia mourned the loss of one of their teammates just hours earlier . The seven-athlete delegation , wearing black armbands in tribute to luger Nodar Kumaritashvili , entered BC Place to a standing ovation from the more than 60,000 spectators in attendance . A black ribbon was tied atop the Georgian flag . Kumaritashvili was killed after crashing on a training run at the Whistler Sliding Center . He was set to compete in Saturday 's men 's singles luge event . Officials with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and British Columbia coroner 's office are leading an investigation into his death . The luge course is closed until the inquiry is complete . Blog : Opening ceremony flawed but perfect "  The whole Olympic family is struck by this tragedy , which clearly casts a shadow over these Games , " International Olympic Committee President Jacques Rogge said in a written statement earlier Friday . Some athletes from other countries also donned black armbands during the otherwise upbeat ceremonies that featured lively performances from Canada 's indigenous people , who danced throughout the lengthy introductions of the delegations from the 82 competing nations . Luge death happens on track that caused concern , Georgian says A high-flying snowboarder opened the ceremonies by jumping through a giant set of Olympic rings , prompting roars from the crowd inside the domed stadium -- a first for a Winter Games . Many of the fans were dressed in red , the prominent color on the Canadian flag . The crowd erupted when Canadian speed skater Clara Hughes , carrying the Canadian flag , led her team into the arena . The Canadians hope to top the medal tally at these games , and count on winning gold in both men 's and women 's hockey , the country 's favorite sport . After a tribute to the athletes , sung by Canadians Bryan Adams and Nelly Furtado , the ceremony turned into a technological spectacle celebrating the country 's diversity and natural beauty . More than 100 screens around the stadium projected video and images to turn the venue into a re-creation of Canada 's constellations , oceans , rivers and forests . Singer-songwriter Sarah McLachlan , a British Columbia resident , sang as members of the Alberta Ballet danced among holographic images of the huge trees of an old growth forest . John Furlong , the chief executive of the Vancouver Organizing Committee , told the athletes that they were role models . "  You are our beacon of hope in a world so much in need of peace , healing , unity , generosity and inspiration , " he said . "  Youth the world over aspire to be just like you . " There was a mechanical glitch when four Canadian sports legends tried to light the Olympic cauldron . Hockey legend Wayne Gretzky , speed skating hero Catriona LeMay Doan , NBA star Steve Nash and alpine ski star Nancy Greene each were supposed to light one beam of the structure and then watch the flames rise to meet in the cauldron . But one beam failed to emerge from the floor of BC Place , the first indoor arena to host the opening ceremony . A second cauldron , near Coal Harbour , was lit by Gretzky . Olympic officials said that because the caldron was too hot for an indoor arena , a second cauldron , near Coal Harbour , would be lit by Gretzky . Speculation had focused on who would light the Olympic cauldron . Many campaigned for Betty Fox , the mother of the late Terry Fox , a national hero . While battling osteosarcoma in 1980 , Terry Fox set out to cross Canada , running about the equivalent of a marathon each day to raise money for cancer research . But Fox , who had a prosthetic right leg , had to quit after 143 days as his cancer spread . He died less than a year later . The idea of a hologram of Fox carrying the torch the final steps also has been floated .	Hockey legend Wayne Gretzky among Canadian sports legends lighting Olympic cauldron Georgian Olympians , others wear black armbands in memory of luger 60,000 spectators attend otherwise upbeat ceremony
HOUSTON , Texas  CNN  -- On the tape , Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan appears to burn with rage . Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan , pictured here , allegedly tortured a business associate on videotape . Believing he was cheated in a business deal , the member of the United Arab Emirates ruling family was trying to extract a confession from an Afghan grain dealer . With a private security officer assisting , Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan is seen stuffing sand in the Afghan 's mouth . As the grain dealer pleads and whimpers , he is beaten with a nailed board , burned in the genitals with a cigarette lighter , shocked with a cattle prod , and led to believe he would be shot . Salt is poured on his wounds . In the end , the victim can muster up only weak moans as an SUV is repeatedly driven over him . The 45 minutes of torture appears on a nearly three-hour-long videotape shot in late 2004 in the desert outside Abu Dhabi , one of the United Arab Emirates in the Persian Gulf region . It was made at the direction of the sheikh himself . The tape has been viewed by CNN . Now the tape has surfaced as a piece of evidence in a federal civil suit filed in Houston , Texas , against the sheikh by his former business partner , Bassam Nabulsi . As media , U.S. governmental and human rights questions and concerns emerged , Abu Dhabi 's government on Tuesday issued a statement saying it deplored the contents of the video and plans an immediate and comprehensive review of it . Nabulsi , a Lebanese-born U.S. citizen living in Houston , says he met Sheikh Issa when the royal came to Houston for medical care in 1994 . Watch portions of the tape and Nabulsi tell his story " According to Nabulsi , the men became friends and business partners , and Sheikh Issa eventually recruited Nabulsi to move to Abu Dhabi to work for him . "  We were buddies , " said Nabulsi , who met with CNN journalists in Houston . "  He gave me his personal vow . He swore to look after my family in case something happened to me . " The sheikh , who holds no official government position , is the half-brother of the country 's ruler . In the lawsuit , Nabulsi says was disturbed by the sheikh 's "  increasingly bizarre behavior " after the November 2004 death of his father , UAE ruler Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan al Nahyan . Nabulsi 's lawsuit says that Sheikh Issa 's father "  kept tight control over Sheikh Issa " but after the father 's death , he "  apparently no longer felt constrained . " Nabulsi claims he confronted his business partner about the Afghan 's treatment , telling him that to do such a thing he "  must not be a God-fearing person . " Nabulsi says his boldness prompted the sheikh to turn on him . Later , Nabulsi was arrested on drug charges . Security officers working for the sheikh ransacked his home and demanded the torture video , Nabulsi claimed . By this point , the tape -- shot by Nabulsi 's brother at the order of the sheikh -- had been smuggled out of the country . According to an affidavit , Nabulsi 's brother worked for Sheikh Issa as a personal assistant . In 2005 , Nabulsi was arrested , jailed and ultimately convicted on drug charges . And , he said , he was tortured and humiliated by UAE police , who demanded he return the tape . "  It was a lot of humiliation , " Nabulsi told CNN . "  And I really do n't like to talk about it . " Nabulsi was fined and deported . Darryl Bristow , the sheikh 's Houston attorney , argued in court papers that American courts have no jurisdiction over his client . In a statement to CNN , Bristow said Nabulsi is using the videotape of a third party , Nabulsi 's brother , to influence the court over a business dispute . "  The public should know that the man behind the camera was Bassam Nabulsi 's brother and that Bassam Nabulsi kept the video from the media while his lawyer was asking for money . What do you call that where you come from ? " Bristow asked . Nabulsi 's attorney denied wrongdoing . The Houston case languished in the U.S. court system after it was filed in 2006 but it eventually moved forward when the sheikh 's personal assistant was served with court papers last year . Nabulsi 's attorney , Anthony Buzbee , said he has deposed the sheikh , but the deposition is under seal . The case was filed in Houston because the Sheikh Issa-Nabulsi business partnership was formed and focused in Texas and "  claims at issue in this case arose out of contacts within Texas . " Nabulsi claims breaches of contract and fiduciary duty . He wants $ 80 million he says is owed to him from their business relationship . He also wants to be awarded punitive damages for torture , intentional infliction of emotional distress , and malicious prosecution . Initially , the UAE Interior Ministry said Sheikh Issa "  does not hold any official position " in the government and that Nabulsi 's lawsuit is "  a private dispute . " Asked about the torture allegations , the UAE said it investigated and found " ... all rules , policies and procedures were followed correctly by the police department . The review also concluded that the incidents depicted in the videotapes were not part of a pattern of behavior . " The shocking case has made waves recently as news organizations asked about the tape . U.S. senior officials familiar with the case say the administration is holding off sending a nuclear deal with the United Arab Emirates to Congress for ratification because they fear a fallout from the torture story . Congress has to ratify the civil nuclear agreement signed in January between the Bush administration and the UAE . Those senior U.S. officials said the agreement was supposed to be sent to the Senate , but Secretary of State Hillary Clinton held off doing so because of the story 's sensitivity . One American lawmaker , Rep. James McGovern , D-Massachusetts , asked Clinton to investigate and that all "  expenditures of funds , training , sales or transfers of equipment or technology , including nuclear " to the UAE be put on hold until the matter is reviewed . He also wants the United States to deny any visas for travel by Sheikh Issa or his immediate family . "  I think we have an obligation to say we want to step back a bit and look at this a little more closely , " said McGovern , co-chairman of the congressional human rights commission . He promised hearings on the issue , probing the case and how the U.S. Embassy in the UAE handled it . "  I am not going to let it go away , " McGovern said . Human Rights Watch , the humanitarian watchdog group , is calling for the United Arab Emirates to "  investigate and prosecute " the grain dealer 's torture . With media questions about the tape mounting , Abu Dhabi said on Wednesday it decided to renew its inquiries -- more than four years after the incident . As for the grain dealer , UAE officials say he survived the ordeal , and said the sheikh and the grain dealer settled the matter privately by agreeing not to bring formal charges against the other . How much money was the grain dealer accused of stealing from the sheikh ? "  It 's nothing , " Nabulsi said . "  No more than about $ 5,000 . " CNN 's Scott Bronstein , Drew Griffin , Stan Grant , Elise Labott , Octavia Nasr , and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Former business partner of Sheikh Issa of Abu Dhabi suing royal Bassam Nabulsi 's tape shows sheikh severely torturing grain merchant Nabulsi , of Houston , says he himself was tortured in jail , sheikh owes him $ 80M U.S. senior officials say case is holding up a U.S. nuclear deal with the UAE
CNN  -- With everyone missing now accounted for from this week 's deadly tornado , the long and difficult work of recovery can begin . "  We are beginning the recovery operations , " Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin told CNN 's Piers Morgan late Wednesday . "  There 's a lot of debris removal going on throughout the public areas of the street , " she said . "  You see a lot of utility crews that are out here . There 's a lot of construction trucks . You 're seeing people walking down the street pulling some wagons , going back into their homes to get their prized possessions . " At least 24 people , including 10 children , were killed in Monday 's monster tornado . Another 353 people were injured . The twister ripped through 17 miles of central Oklahoma and pummeled 2,400 homes . The hardest-hit city was Moore . Moore Mayor Glenn Lewis told CNN 's Jake Tapper , also Wednesday , that six people previously unaccounted for have been located . Five were found alive . The sixth is dead , and the body was located at the medical examiner 's office . The mayor was not sure whether that death was included in the official count of 24 . He also told CNN that he would push for a law requiring storm shelters or safe rooms in new homes . "  What we will do is get the stakeholders here in the city ... and we 'll discuss what we think we need to have , " he said . "  Anybody that lives in any tornado area should have  a storm shelter  , but it 's just the matter of cost . " Young lives remembered One of the most heartbreaking scenes in Moore is a pile of wreckage where Plaza Towers Elementary School once stood . Seven of the 10 children killed in the storm were inside the school when it collapsed . Heroes or just doing their jobs ? Teachers save lives during tornado Terrified children , teachers ' heroics , no shelter : Inside a tornado-ravaged school The children were in a classroom , Moore Fire Chief Gary Bird told CNN on Wednesday . He also said their deaths "  had nothing to do with flooding , from what I understand . " On Tuesday , Lt. Gov. Todd Lamb told CNN the youngsters had drowned in a school basement . Local resident Adam Baker said he rushed to the school to help in the aftermath . He found some children who had died in a shallow space . "  The ones that were deceased had bumps , scrapes , and they probably would have made it if they were n't pinned . It looked like most of them just drowned -- all blue and stuff . " Pieces of pipe , metal , desks , 2-by-4s , and other debris were on them , he said . Officials have not yet released official causes of death . Opinion : We love and fear the Oklahoma skies Kyle Davis , 8 , was among the victims . His family said he loved going with his grandpa to see Monster Trucks and playing soccer . "  I am angry to an extent . I know the schools did what they thought they could do but with us living in Oklahoma , tornado shelters should be in every school , " Kyle 's mother , Mikki Dixon Davis , told CNN . Her daughter , who was also at Plaza Towers when the storm struck , survived . "  There should be a place that if this ever happened again during school that kids can get to a safe place , " she said . "  That we do n't have to sit there and go through rubble ... and may not ever find what we 're looking for . " Read more : The photo that shows the best of us Heroes or just doing their jobs ? Teachers save lives during Okla. tornado ` We 're going to help them recover ' Damage assessments showed the tornado had winds over 200 mph at times , making it an EF5 -- the strongest category of tornadoes measured , the National Weather Service said . Mayor Lewis said the devastation was so catastrophic that city officials rushed to print new street signs to help guide rescuers and residents through the newly mangled and unfamiliar landscape . President Obama will travel to the area Sunday to witness the damage . He spoke about the people of Oklahoma , briefly , during a presentation at the White House on Wednesday . "  While the road ahead will be long , their country will be with them every single step of the way . That 's who we are , and that 's how we treat our family and friends and our neighbors wherever they are in the country , " he said . "  We 're going to help them recover . " Insurance claims related to Monday 's tornado and storm in metropolitan Oklahoma City are likely to top $ 2 billion , said Kelly Collins , a representative of the Oklahoma Insurance Department . Craig Fugate , the Federal Emergency Management Agency administrator , told CNN the agency is in "  good shape " to support the recovery in Oklahoma and in other disaster zones , such as rebuilding after Hurricane Sandy in New Jersey and New York . "  We got full allocation last year with the Sandy supplemental funds . We are looking to continue the response here as well as the previous disasters . " But "  if we have another hurricane , we may need more money , " he said Wednesday . Severe weather moves east For her part , Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano traveled to Moore to thank first responders and show her support . "  Our commitment is to be here for the duration -- to work with our federal , state , tribal , local and community partners in the coming days , weeks and months to help you recover and rebuild from this terrible tragedy and emerge even stronger , " she said . Those helping in Moore include police and firefighters from Joplin , Missouri -- a city all too familiar with grief and devastation . Wednesday marks the second anniversary of a tornado that pulverized Joplin , killing at least 158 people . It was the deadliest single U.S. tornado since federal record-keeping began in 1950 . "  We remember the amount of assistance that we received following the tornado two years ago , and we want to help others as they helped us , " said Joplin City Manager Mark Rohr . "  We know too well what their community is facing , and we feel an obligation to serve them as they have served us . " Opinion : We love and fear the Oklahoma skies ` We just did n't get there fast enough ' Help came from seemingly everywhere the day the tornado struck . Dustin Ellison ran to the rubble of a convenience store to help get at people trapped in a freezer , which had collapsed . "  It was one big pile of rubble . We knew people had went in the freezer , and we knew that there was no way they had come out , " he told CNN 's Tapper . "  We just did n't get there fast enough . " One of the victims Ellison and the others found there was 29-year-old Megan Futrell . Another was her infant son , Case . "  She was protecting him , " he said . "  Your instinct , when you see that is , for me , I ran towards it . There 's probably a lot of people that did n't , or that would n't , but not around here . " Basements scarce in tornado-prone area -- here 's why Moore in bull 's - eye twice , science may know why CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Kyung Lah , Sara Weisfeldt , Nick Valenica , Brian Todd , Mayra Cuevas , Anderson Cooper , Gary Tuchman , Ed Lavandera , Pamela Brown and George Howell contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We 're going to help them recover , " promises President Obama At least 24 people were killed ; 353 injured in this week 's monster tornado Mayor : Six people previously unaccounted for have been located
As the situation in Iraq escalates , the U.S. finds itself awkwardly aligned with a country once vilified as part of the "  Axis of Evil . " While Iraq loses control of its western border to ISIS rebels , the U.S. decides to pragmatically turn to its geopolitical interests to calm this disaster . The unlikely result is Iran sending military weaponry and planes -- including Russian combat jets -- across the Iranian border to aid the Iraqi national army . This shift in alliance seemed implausible a few years ago , but since President Hassan Rouhani took office last year tensions between the U.S. and Iran have slowly and cautiously thawed . While Iraq plummets into further chaos and fragmentation -- the Kurds are expected to vote for full autonomy in an impending referendum -- improvement in U.S-Iran relations may be the only silver-lining in this otherwise catastrophic affair . Yet supporters of U.S.-Iran relations should not forget the importance of promoting relations through long-term economic ties , rather than one based on purely geopolitical military needs . In the past decade , war has raged on two of Iran 's borders , and seemingly both Iran and the U.S. shared common enemies in the Taliban and Saddam Hussein . However , foreign policy alignments in the region did not result in sustained diplomatic ties . By easing sanctions and fostering economic growth in Iran , the U.S. can ultimately promote a sustainable relationship based on mutual needs and benefits . Now more than ever , the opportunity for just such a partnership exists in Iran 's budding technology market . Currently , Iran has the highest total number of Internet users in the Middle East ; almost half of Iranian households have some access to the internet . There are more Internet users in Iran than in Saudi Arabia , UAE , Jordan , Israel , Kuwait , Lebanon and Qatar , combined . Interest among young Iranians in technology and entrepreneurship is rapidly increasing . Iran 's Center for E-commerce Development recently announced that nearly 70 % of applicants for electronic retail licenses are younger than 30 . Rather than focusing on industries such as oil and gas , which ultimately trickles down profits to a few large companies closely aligned with the regime , promoting commercial development in the arena of tech entrepreneurship creates a high-skilled middle class . A thriving Iranian middle class will have an invested interest in maintaining close relations with the U.S. . The long-term benefits of commercial development in Iran 's tech sector are endless . Transparency and increased openness in civil society through advances in social media , internet infrastructure and access to information are just some of the added benefits of a robust tech industry . Promoting tech over other industries in Iran also allows the U.S. to play an active role in a market that empowers women in business . Unlike many Western countries where women only account for 10 % of the tech industry , women in the Middle East account for 35 % of tech entrepreneurs . This number is astonishing considering Western notions of the marginalization of women in the region . Women in the Middle East are increasingly finding it both convenient and conducive to start small businesses from the comfort of their homes , and , thanks to increased internet access , they are now able to tap into global markets . The benefits of promoting the burgeoning tech industry in Iran have not gone unnoticed . Silicon Valley entrepreneurs plan to gather this September to discuss entrepreneurship in Iran , and , in the event that sanctions are lifted , the possibility of building bridges between entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley and their Iranian counterparts . Iran 's very own TedX Tehran , scheduled to take place in Tehran later this year , is a result of enthusiasm surrounding technology and entrepreneurship . Much of the eagerness surrounding Iran 's tech scene is based on the possibility of the U.S. changing its sanctions policy regarding Iran . Unlike his predecessor , Rouhani made headway on nuclear program negotiations with world powers earlier this year . Even making use of social media , Rouhani tweets a softer image of the Iranian presidency by posting pictures of himself in sweatpants watching World Cup games . Most importantly , Rouhani debuted his presidency with a message of economic openness and a desire to reintegrate Iran back into the international community . Iran 's dismal human rights record still remains on the table , but the country 's open approach on economic issues may be human rights activists ' best chance to address political freedoms down the road . Iran 's support of Prime Minister Nuri al Maliki 's government and majority-ruling Shiites in Iraq puts Iran in a position that is aligned with U.S. 's geopolitical interests . What remains unclear is whether the current situation will give way to a stable partnership if the Iraq crisis is contained . The Iran-Contra affair in 1986 demonstrated that the U.S. could covertly set aside ideological differences for military advantage . However , as history has demonstrated , unlikely wartime bedfellows rarely equate to stable diplomatic policy . Indeed , if history has taught the U.S. anything , it 's that Iran is a resilient country with vast potential -- potential that expands far beyond merely oil , gas and guns . READ : No , talking to Iran about Iraq is n't desperation READ : U.S. and Iran : From sworn enemies to partners on Iraq ?	U.S. is aligning "  awkwardly " with Iran as Iraq crisis escalates , says Arezo Yazd Improvement in U.S-Iran relations may be only silver-lining to crisis , she adds Yazd : Opportunity for partnership exists in Iran 's budding technology market Possibility of U.S. changing sanctions policy regarding Iran arouses excitement , she says
CNN  -- Rory McIlory and Phil Mickelson found form in the desert despite losing out on a dramatic final day at the Abu Dhabi Golf Championship . Spain 's Pablo Larrazabal may have walked off into the sunset with the $ 2.7 m prize but the major winners saw the silver lining at their first tournament of the 2014 season . "  What a fun week this has been , " enthused Mickelson , the world No. 5 , despite finishing an agonizing one shot off the lead alongside McIlroy . "  I am happy with the way I played and felt better with my swing each day . " McIlroy was a little more irked by the events of the weekend after he was slapped with a two-stroke penalty Saturday . "  I feel like I 'm standing here and I should be 15 under par for the tournament and winning by one , " said McIlroy , whose foot fault in the third round was pointed out by his playing partner 's caddie . "  I played the least shots of anyone this week . So , I can count it as a moral victory more than anything else . "  It 's frustrating but I 've played well the whole week . It 's a very positive start to the season so I 'm not going to let one little negative ruin that . " A ding-dong final round at the Abu Dhabi tournament saw the lead change hands several times as overnight leader Craig Lee slid out of contention . At the eighth hole , world No. 7 McIlroy had moved into the lead as he clipped in his third birdie of the day . Then at the turn , Mickelson moved into the sole lead on 12 under only to unravel at the 13th where he tried to hit the ball out of a bush and carded a three-over-par seven . "  I ended up going with a 3-wood off that tee and just blocked it in a terrible spot , " the American explained . "  I tried to right hand it out and I double hit it . I do n't know how , but it happened . " Major celebration McIlroy finished off the day with a birdie at the 18th for a very tidy round of 68 but had to rely on Larrazabal cracking to get his hands on the trophy . Mickelson needed an eagle at the last to snatch the silverware but his final shot stayed out and he had to settle for a birdie . Barcelona-born Larrazabal held his nerve to sink a birdie on the final green and win by a single stroke for his third career European Tour title . "  It just feels unbelievable , " he told reporters . "  Today has been very special , to fight against Rory and Phil . "  I do n't know what it does to my career . I do n't know if this gets me into any of the majors . I just want to go back to the hotel and celebrate . "	Spain 's Pablo Larrazabal wins the Abu Dhabi Golf Championship Top-10 big guns Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson finish an agonising one shot off the lead McIlroy says he feels he has a "  moral victory " after two-stroke penalty on Saturday Mickelson content to play himself into form for 2014
Editor 's note : Zeyno Baran , a native of Turkey , is senior fellow for the Center for Islam , Democracy and the Future of the Muslim World at the Hudson Institute , a Washington-based think tank that says it is dedicated to "  global security , prosperity and freedom . " From January 2003 until 2006 , Baran directed the International Security and Energy Programs at The Nixon Center . Zeyno Baran says the United States can learn much from Turkey 's expertise on Afghanistan and Pakistan . CNN  -- Turks greeted President Obama with huge excitement Monday . This was the first time a U.S. president visited Turkey at the start of his term , sending a clear signal that this administration recognizes the importance of Turkey and wants to engage with it from the start . His address in the Turkish parliament was one of the greatest speeches made by an American leader in such a setting : He not only showed his deep understanding of Turkey 's many complex issues and identities , but also handled tough issues with great skill . He framed his talk just right by underlining Turkey 's European identity as a secular democracy . That said , it is important to remember how good U.S.-Turkey relations were at the start of the Bush administration . President George W. Bush also considered Turkey an extremely valuable partner , but then came the Iraq war . The United States genuinely believed Turkey would be one of the most important allies going forward . Despite official channels and experts making clear the difficulties in allowing U.S. military to cross into Iraq via its lands , the administration chose to listen to those who sang music to its ears . As a result , they based a whole military strategy on the Turkish parliament voting yes and were shocked when they received a no . Bilateral relations then entered a downward spiral . With Obama 's election , there is renewed excitement in Turkey . Like most of the people of Turkey , he opposed the Iraq war and considered Afghanistan the "  good war . " Going forward , as President Obama underscored in his speech , Turkey can play an important role in Afghanistan as a reliable NATO ally . The question is : How can Turkey best help ? Turkey is one of the few -- possibly the only -- NATO member that has deep religious , cultural and historic knowledge of both Afghanistan and Pakistan . In fact , the Turkish government has brought together the presidents of Afghanistan and Pakistan much before the United States began approaching them together . Reading the tea leaves , one may conclude that the Obama administration wants to cooperate with Turkey in engaging with the Taliban in Pakistan and Afghanistan . This would be the wrong kind of cooperation . Although Turkey has channels to the Taliban and has means to facilitate the talks , there can not be a morally acceptable deal reached with the Taliban , whose ultimate goal is to curb all individual freedoms and universal human rights , especially when it comes to women . No matter what the reasonable sounding arguments may be in favor of this strategy , pulling Turkey into any kind of engagement with the Taliban -- either as part of NATO or bilaterally -- would have much worse long-term consequences . Instead , the Obama administration needs to think of "  victory " not only in the short term and from a purely anti-terrorism perspective , but also in consideration of the people who have lived and will continue to live in those lands . In other words , providing true safety , security , justice and development for Afghanistan and Pakistan -- not the kind of society the Taliban has been providing . Indeed , it is in providing the basic securities that Turkey can be a great partner . Turkey not only can and will continue to help provide safety and physical security , but also could further assist with the reconstruction projects , such as building hospitals , schools , sanitation facilities and investment projects that would have direct impact on the socioeconomic development of the Afghan and Pakistani societies . There are many Turkish companies that have undertaken successful construction projects in these fields since early 2002 . There are also military and civilian trainers , nongovernment organizations and even volunteer teachers who work in some of the most dangerous regions . Still , Turkey can possibly make the greatest contribution by helping the United States frame the challenges it is facing in a more accurate and honest way . Just as President Obama referred to his personal story and that of the United States to help Turks look deeper within , Turks can do the same for the United States . To start , Turkey can explain how the vast Eurasian region it belongs to is not just part of the "  Muslim world " but has been at the crossroads of eastern and western cultures and ideas and witnessed many brutal wars and massacres over the millennia . Moreover , each country has its own spirit -- there are ancient cultures and tribal formations , and these do not move fast . It is important to stop and drink the tea . Turkey can also explain that it is only in recent decades that jihadism and extremism took root in these lands known for their Sufi teachings that talk about love , instead of hatred . As a true partner , it can also help the United States recognize its share , along with many others , in inadvertently contributing to the creation of the Taliban and al-Qaeda by making bad foreign policy choices . Anything short of recognition of the past catching up with us will leave us all unprepared for what may come in the future . In other words , we may be doomed to repeat the same mistakes until we learn our lesson . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Zeyno Baran .	Zeyno Baran : Obama 's speech shows deep understanding of Turkey She says administration needs to make good use of Turkey 's role in region Baran : Using Turkey to make peace with Taliban would be a mistake She says Turkey can help rebuild Afghanistan and provide security
CNN  -- If you 've got a spare $ 335 million then Leo Messi could be all yours -- but the Argentine has no intention of leaving Barcelona after pledging his future to the club until 2018 . The 25-year-old has signed a new long-term deal with his buy-out clause remaining at $ 335 million , while he will earn a net salary of $ 14.75 million per year . This is the sixth time in eight seasons that Messi has negotiated a new contract with Barcelona desperate to hold onto its star player . Messi crowned world 's best for record fourth time Four-time World Player of the Year Messi broke all records on the way to scoring an unparalleled 91 goals in 2012 for club and country , surpassing the previous record of 85 set by Germany 's Gerd Muller in 1972 . The move comes after teammates Carles Puyol and Xavi Hernandez both signed new deals with the club . A statement on the Barcelona website said : "  This afternoon Leo Messi extended his contract with FC Barcelona through June 30 of 2018 . Messi joins Xavi and Puyol in agreeing new deals "  The signing ceremony was attended by the player , president Sandro Rosell , vice-president Josep Maria Bartomeu and the director of football Andoni Zubizarreta . "  Messi added two additional years to his existing contract , which was set to expire in June of 2016 . "  The player , who joined the club when he was 13 years old and made his first-team debut three years later , will be 31 when his contract expires . " Messi leads Barcelona to new record Messi agreed the contract at the end of last year but has only just signed it . The Argentina star has scored eight times in Barcelona 's first five La Liga matches of 2013 , including four against Osasuna in a 5-1 win on January 27 . Since making his Barcelona debut in 2003 , he has collected three European Champions League crowns , two FIFA Club World Cup titles , five Spanish league championships and two Copa del Rey medals . Along the way , he has scored more goals for the club in both the Spanish league and European competition than any other player in Barcelona 's illustrious 113-year history .	Leo Messi has signed a new contract with La Liga giant Barcelona Messi has extended his stay at Camp Nou until 2018 Four-time World Player of the Year will earn net salary of $ 14.75 million per year Follows Carles Puyol and Xavi Hernandez in pledging future to the club
CNN  -- 28-1 outsider Pomodoro sprang a surprise to land the Durban July , South Africa 's most prestigious race , beating Smanjemanja by a nose to land the R1 710 000 first prize . Despite starting from the unfavorable number 20 position , Pomodoro enjoyed a clear run under jockey Piere Strydom , whose victory at Greyville Racecourse marked his third in this race . It was a first win for trainer Sean Tarry , who , in recent years , has risen to become one of his country 's leading trainers having started his working life running a juice bar . He told reporters : "  The July was a gaping hole in my CV so I was delighted to win . I thought Piere got into a phenomenal position from that draw and he is a master of pace so I thought he had it sewn up when he led on the run-in . "  Then Smanjemanje appeared to give me a real fright . Pomodoro has had a tough season and he had a hard race when he dead-heated for the South African Derby . "  I freshened him for this and now he deserves a really good break . " The 18-10 favourite Jackson failed to live up to his billing , fading badly in the home straight to finish fourth from last . A capacity crowd of 55,000 people were in attendance for one of the continent 's biggest sporting and social gatherings .	28-1 outsider Pomodoro springs surprise to land the Durban July Pomodoro wins South Africa 's most prestigious race by a nose from Smanjemanja Jockey Piere Strydom steers Pomodoro to victory at Greyville Racecourse
The retirement of the pirate leader Mohamed Abdi Hassan , also known as "  Afweyne , " has generated much media coverage , but the real significance of his announcement is the indication it gives of how Somalia 's pirates currently view their business model . It appears that hijacking vessels in the Indian Ocean and the Gulf of Aden is no longer seen as a relatively risk-free affair . Somalia 's 3025-km coastline is the longest in Africa , and lies along busy shipping lanes that are crucial for the transport of goods from Asia to Europe , and of oil from the Gulf . It is estimated that between 20 and 30,000 ships pass through this area every year . For more than a decade , this environment has provided rich pickings for pirates launching small skiffs from Somalia 's coast , hoping to hold up a ship with its cargo and crew until a ransom is paid by the ship 's owner . In 2008 , piracy began to gain international attention as the number of attacks and the amount demanded in ransoms increased dramatically . That year was also the one in which Afweyne attained notoriety as the key organizer of a pirate group that conducted two high-profile hijackings . Men under Afweyne 's command captured one of the largest vessels ever hijacked -- the Sirius Star , a Saudi-owned oil tanker the size of an aircraft carrier -- which was carrying 2 million barrels of oil worth $ 100 million , according to some estimates . Later that year Afweyne 's group also hijacked the MV Faina , a Ukrainian vessel loaded with weaponry including tanks , anti-aircraft guns and 800 tons of ammunition . At the time , it was feared that this cargo could be stolen by the hijackers and sold to criminal organizations or even terrorists but , like the Sirius Star , the vessel was eventually released after a ransom of $ 3 million was reportedly paid . Report : Sea piracy drops to lowest level in four years Despite these high-profile incidents , there are reports that Afweyne has not been directly involved in piracy since 2009 , and so his retirement will have little effect on the current trajectory of piracy . Afweyne 's announcement is , however , indicative of a trend that has become increasingly clear over the past year -- that piracy off the coast of Somalia is no longer as lucrative as it once was . There has been growing recognition that piracy does not spontaneously happen at sea , but that it is a phenomenon rooted in the economic and political shortcomings of Somalia . In a country where the estimated GDP per capita is only $ 600  compared to neighboring Kenya 's $ 1,700  , the lack of employment opportunities has meant that the chance of earning up to $ 6,000 from a successful hijack has made piracy a tempting option to many young Somali men . However , action taken by international governments seeking to protect their trade interests and to maintain security along Africa 's east coast has led to a decline in successful pirate attacks . In 2011 , there were 28 hijackings , 20 % lower than the 2010 figure . In the first 11 months of 2012 , Somali pirates only managed 13 successful hijackings . There has not only been a reduction in successful hijackings , but also in the number of attempts that pirates are making . While in 2011 , there were 199 incidents in the high-risk area off Somalia 's coast , by the end of 2012 this figure had dropped by almost two-thirds . This reduction in pirates ' success can be attributed to four key factors : • The introduction of international naval patrols in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean which increasingly collaborate to protect merchant shipping and to apprehend pirates . • The shipping industry 's implementation of Best Management Practices , which are guidelines detailing methods of protecting a vessel from attack  for example , faster travel through the high-risk area , increased vigilance , and ship protection measures such as barbed wire placed around the ship  . • The presence of armed guards aboard vessels . • And , perhaps , the example of pirates who have been prosecuted and imprisoned internationally and within Somalia . High-ranking Somali pirate gets multiple life sentences Some may ask what a pirate boss does in his retirement , and Afweyne 's public renunciation was clearly meant to garner public interest . Some lower-level former pirates have begun to offer their services as counter-piracy consultants , or guards aboard fishing boats that operate near Somalia 's coast . It would not be unthinkable for Afweyne to position himself as a counter-piracy expert within Somalia . Somalia 's former government issued him with a diplomatic passport , reportedly in a bid to dissuade him from carrying out further pirate activity , demonstrating the surprising political connections which he has enjoyed . Until there is a comprehensive solution to Somalia 's troubles , piracy off the country 's coast will not be ended conclusively -- but it might be contained to a manageable level . Part of this effort will involve maintaining an international naval presence in the Indian Ocean and the Gulf of Aden in order to deter those who might still take a chance in attacking a vessel , and to counter wider criminal activity , including people and weapon-smuggling . It may seem unfair that a figure like Afweyne appears to have gone unpunished for longstanding criminal activity . With more investment of time and money by Somalia , its neighbors and the wider international community in tracing the financial flows of piracy , identifying and prosecuting those who have financed and benefited hijackings , figureheads such as Afweyne may make the news for their imprisonment , rather than retirement .	Pirate Mohamed Abdi Hassan , known as "  Afweyne , " announces retirement Piracy began to gain international attention in 2008 as number of attacks grew Afweyne got notoriety as organizer of two high-profile hijackings , says Adjoa Anyimadu Piracy off coast of Somalia is no longer as lucrative as it once was , says Anyimadu
CNN  -- When it comes to accommodation , Berlin is still the cheapest of the major European capital cities . The Flying Bed room makes for a unique stay at the Propeller Island City Lodge . Although you 'd be forgiven for thinking otherwise if you stayed at the Ritz-Carlton  Potsdamer Platz 3  . With its sumptuous interior and unrestrained opulence it 's rivaled only by the glamorous Hotel de Rome  Behrenstrasse 37  when it comes to combining elegance with location . For the aesthete on a budget the Motel One in Alexanderplatz is a stylish option . While lacking some of the amenities you 'd find at more expensive hotels , it does n't compromise on design and the rooms and lobby are discretely minimalist , enlivened with clever splashes of color . The more adventurous traveler may wish to sample the surreal surroundings of the Propeller Island City Lodge  Albrecht-Achilles-Strasse 58  . As much a work of art as a hotel , each room has a unique theme , including a room with a flying bed , a room decorated like a prison cell and even a room with coffins for beds . A cheaper , although no less eccentric , option is the Ostel ` design hostel '  Wriezener Karree 5  . Located in a concrete apartment block its retro communist-chic fittings recreate the interior design of Cold-War era East Germany . Whether or not that 's a good thing is a matter of opinion ... ... . Berlin city guide : Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop	Berlin is one of the cheapest European capitals to stay in The city has its fair share of top-of-the-range luxury hotels You can find cheaper options that still offer great modern design There are a number of themed ` novelty ' hotels that offer a unique stay
"  We have just shot down a plane . ... A plume of smoke is visible . " The biggest clue so far into who may have shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 might be what Ukrainian officials say are intercepted communications between pro-Russian rebels operating in eastern Ukraine . The recordings , translated and distributed by Ukrainian officials , begin with an alleged militant informing others that a plane has been shot down . The communication picks up later , once the alleged rebels reach the scene of the crash . Here 's a segment of a conversation between an alleged pro-Russian rebel named Major and another identified as Grek , per Ukrainian authorities : Major : The plane broke into pieces in the air ... we have found the first 200  dead  . It 's a civilian . " Grek : "  How are things going there ? " M : "  Well , we are 100 % sure that it was a civilian plane . " G : "  Are there a lot of people ? " M : "  F -- k ! The debris was falling straight into the yards . " M : "  Here are remnants of internal brackets , chairs , bodies . " G : "  Are there any weapons ? " M : "  Nothing at all . Civilian belongings , medical scraps , towels , toilet paper . " Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk on Friday blasted the "  terrorists " he blamed for shooting down the plane a day earlier , with 298 people aboard . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the phone call , and it is not known if the recordings were edited or when they were made . But Lt. Col. Rick Francona , a CNN military analyst , said he would not be surprised if Ukrainians were able to monitor the communications of the rebels . "  Ukrainian intelligence , they 're pretty good in their own territory , " he said Friday on CNN 's "  New Day . " In a final segment of the alleged intercepted phone calls , an unidentified militant allegedly speaks with a Russian Cossack , Mykola Kozitsyn . Militant : "  On TV , they say like it is a Ukrainian An-26 , a transport plane . But the writing says ` Malaysia Airlines . ' What was it doing over the territory of Ukraine ? " Kozitsyn : "  Well then it was bringing spies . Why the hell were they flying ? This is war going on . " While these recordings have garnered worldwide attention , they are not the first alleged intercepted calls that Ukrainian officials have released . Others were released earlier this month . Ukrainian Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin told CNN on Friday that the phone calls were intercepted at the same time that the plane was shot down . Yatsenyuk called for international support "  to bring to justice all these bastards who committed this international crime . " Russia has not directly responded to the content of the audio , but President Vladimir Putin has blamed Ukraine for the crash . "  This tragedy would not have happened if there had been peace on that land , or in any case , if military operations in southeastern Ukraine had not been renewed , " he said . An additional set of recordings released by Ukrainian intelligence officials Friday is said to link the rebels to the time that the missile allegedly took down the plane . One recording , purportedly between the military chief of the separatist Lugansk National Republic and a Russian military intelligence officer , discusses the missile system , called a Buk . The alleged rebel is heard telling the supposed Russian officer that they hold the Buk . "  Yes , I know that , " the Russian officer responds . In a separate audio , another alleged Russian military intelligence officer and another rebel military chief discuss where to unload and hide the Buk . MAPS : What route did the flight take ?	New recordings are purported to be Russians and rebels discussing missile The alleged militants talk about shooting down a plane The voices on the audio say they thought it was a military plane
CNN  -- The only surviving gunman in the 2008 attacks on Mumbai that killed more than 160 people was sentenced to death by hanging on Thursday . Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , a Pakistani , was convicted on Monday of murder , conspiracy , and waging war on India . He was sentenced to death on five separate counts , and life imprisonment on five others . On receiving the sentence , Kasab lowered his head . He was silent when the judge asked him if he wanted to say anything . Kasab is the only man to have been sentenced in connection with the three-day siege in November 2008 . During the raids , 10 men attacked buildings including the luxury Taj Mahal Palace and Tower and Oberoi-Trident hotels , the city 's Victoria Terminus train station , and the Jewish cultural center , Chabad House . Kasab was photographed holding an assault weapon during the attacks . India blamed the attacks on the Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , a Pakistan-based terror group allied with al Qaeda . Authorities said Kasab was trained by the organization , which was banned in Pakistan in 2002 after an attack on India 's parliament . The group denied responsibility . Indian forces killed nine suspects in the attack . Their bodies were embalmed and kept in a hospital morgue as some local Muslim groups refused to bury them in their graveyards , saying the attackers were not true followers of Islam . An Indian official in Maharashtra state , where Mumbai is located , has said a burial took place in January this year . He did not give the date or the exact location of what he described as a secret funeral . Two Indian nationals accused of conspiracy were acquitted in the trial . The prosecutor said he would fight their acquittals .	Mohammed Ajmal Kasab sentenced to death by hanging for Mumbai attacks Kasab , a Pakistani is only man convicted for November 2008 attacks More than 160 people were killed during three-day siege
CNN  -- The images coming from Venezuela over the past few weeks have been arresting : Troops shooting , protesters hurling rocks , people bleeding . Just like the tear gas that clouds the scenes in photos , a complete picture of the truth in the confrontations is also hazy . Allegations of censorship , self-censorship and photo manipulation have made it difficult for news consumers -- especially Venezuelans -- to form a complete picture of what is going on . A media blackout has stymied the flow of information during some of the most intense days of clashes between anti-government protesters and authorities . In addition , strict regulations have pressured media outlets to tread softly when it comes to covering the violence . There is more freedom on social media , but there are accusations that these channels of communication have been polluted by fake photos and misinformation . And the government allegedly blocked access to Twitter during protests last week . "  People do n't know what is happening and they depend on the dangerous or beneficial social networks because on social media , you can get truthful information . But also you can find people who misinform for their own ends , " said Carlos Acosta , a journalist for a Florida-based news startup that was created specifically to fill the gaps in coverage in Venezuela . CNN iReport , the network 's user-generated platform , has received more than 2,700 submissions from Venezuela in the past week . Of those , more than 120 have been verified by producers and cleared for CNN . These are developments that mostly have not been making it on to Venezuelan newscasts . One vetted iReport video begins by showing a contrast : President Nicolas Maduro speaking on television about how things are under control , while outside a window , national guard troops are firing tear gas . As he filmed , Giorgio Russo said the troops "  aimed at me but since I live on the 14th floor I did n't think they could reach , but I was wrong . " A tear gas canister broke through a window and landed under a sofa , Russo said . His brother managed to throw the canister back out the window , but not before their 85-year-old father suffered from the gas . In the western state of Tachira , in the city of San Cristobal , Alejandro Camacho captured video of student protesters "  trying to be heard " by blocking streets and burning debris that cast an orange glow on them . These reports provide under-reported vantage points , but what is the whole story ? It is a challenge when unverified content is going viral and a government is blocking media . Media blackouts The ongoing protests grabbed the world 's attention on February 12 , when two anti-government protesters and one government supporter were killed . The day before , according to Human Rights Watch , the state broadcasting authority warned that coverage of the violence could violate a controversial law that prohibits the broadcasting of material that "  foments anxiety " or "  incites or promotes hatred and intolerance for ... political reasons . " As bullets flew and people died on the 12th , most outlets heeded the warning . The Press and Society Institute monitored 38 radio stations the day of the killings and found that only five reported on developments in the day 's deadly violence and 30 transmitted "  light programming . The other three echoed the government 's position . The media silence "  denied the citizenry the right to information of public interest and of relevancy for the safety of residents in the cities where the demonstrations unfolded , " the institute said in a report . WATCH : Violence in Caracas on February 12 Comedian Luis Chataing , who also hosts a radio and television program , was among the majority who were silent on the airwaves on the violent day . The next day , he apologized to his listeners and said he was ashamed of Venezuelan media . Chataing told CNN en Español that he understands the restrictions the media is working under , but "  this does n't help at all for the panorama to become clearer and for peace to be achieved as quickly as possible . " How could it be , he asked , that while clashes were taking a turn toward violence , all one could find on television was a cooking show about how to fry eggs ? "  I wanted to express myself as one more Venezuelan in my pain that the  national  media was not providing the coverage that I wanted about what is happening in Venezuela , " Chataing said . "  Having to inform ourselves through foreign press is shameful . " Photo manipulation Social media is playing a vital role in the current unrest as an unfiltered channel for sharing images of protests and alleged abuses . Government supporters are trying to cast doubt on the credibility of photos shared by the opposition by launching its own campaign to uncover what they say is manipulation of images . Websites and social media users who support the government are circulating a number of examples of images that the opposition claims to be from the Venezuela clashes , but are actually file photos from other events . A photo of a student in a headlock by a soldier in Chile in 2011 , for example , has been shared by opposition members to misrepresent the current violence in Venezuela , government supporters say . Venezuelan actress Amanda Gutierrez apologized to her 228,000 Twitter followers after she shared a photo allegedly showing police forcing a protester to perform oral sex on them . The original image came from a U.S. porn site , a pro-government website said . Another tweeter , to show the size of the support for the anti-government movement , shared a photo of a long human chain stretching out along a highway in Tachira state . But the photo appears to have been published originally last year in a Spanish newspaper and actually depicts protesters in Spain . The examples of manipulated photos are but a drop in the fire hose of images being shared on social media , but sometimes that is all that 's needed to sow seeds of doubt . The government 's position Maduro 's government makes its own claims -- that the protesters are in cahoots with the United States , that there is coup in the works , that the opposition is behind the deaths -- but rarely offers evidence or elaborates . The accusations find space on state-owned media , and the government complains that other outlets are biased against it . In an interview with CNN en Español , Venezuela 's ambassador to the Organization of American States , Roy Chaderton , accused international media , including CNN , of bias in its coverage . Reflecting on the protests , he said , "  We are expecting the democratic evolution of these events , of which there has been very little coverage of the government position . " The government had already initiated a dialogue with the opposition , including meetings with opposition mayors and governors . "  But that 's not news , " Chaderton said . "  What 's news is a car lit on fire , or a death blamed on the government or the opposition in these clashes . " The cameras are focusing on police on the streets , and not on the protesters who throw rocks or Molotov cocktails , he said . Twitter troubles It 's not been just the content , but access to social media that has been a roadblock to gathering information . Those who have taken to social media accused the government of blocking access to Twitter last week . Hundreds of Twitter users in Venezuela reported difficulties using the service , and a Twitter representative confirmed that images posted on Twitter were being blocked in the country . The Venezuelan broadcasting regulator denied that the government interfered . Venezuela 's minister of communications , Delcy Rodriguez , also used Twitter -- to bash Twitter users . "  Social media is being used by violent coup plotters to create anxiety in the public in a psychological operation of great scale , " she said . "  Powerful media laboratories are being employed to advance a psychological war without precedent against Venezuela . " Telling fact from fiction Telling the whole story in Venezuela is not a new challenge . The government 's clampdown on private media has left little room for views outside of the official line . Venezuelan journalists in Florida created a new channel that streams online called ElVenezolanoTV . It was slated to go live next week , but the protests caused it to move up its debut . Many of the journalists on board are considered "  opposition journalists " by the Venezuelan government , but they say their goal is to present unbiased journalism . The government has an invitation to come on their air anytime , its journalists say . CNN also goes through great lengths to verify the iReports that are submitted . Producers speak to the person who uploaded the iReport , check metadata and cross-verify whether the image is original , fact check any allegations , and add additional context and reporting as needed . In one extreme case , a violent video that depicts protesters and officials clashing took more than 10 hours to fact check and approve . The effort was worth it , said Juan Muñoz , director of social media for CNN en Español . "  It ´ s an amazing iReport . The best one I have ever seen on the platform . " CNN 's Fernando del Rincon , Carlos Montero , Adriana Hauser , Gabriela Matute and Katie Hawkins-Gaar contributed to this report .	Getting an honest picture of the unrest in Venezuela has its challenges There are allegations of censorship , self-censorship and misinformation There has been a media blackout in Venezuela , some say Lots of information flows online , but lots of it has not been verified
SAMSON , Alabama  CNN  -- As the crime scene tape starts to come down in this small Southern town , the residents are leaning on one another for comfort and the strength to move on . The shooter , Michael McLedon , killed his mother before killing others . First Baptist Church , a few feet from the neighborhood where Michael McLendon , 28 , opened fire Tuesday , welcomed members of this close community Wednesday night for a prayer service . "  It 's what community is about , is n't it ? Crying together . Holding each other , " a pastor said . It 's hard for many to believe the shooting rampage could happen in this town of about 2,100 people . Authorities said McLendon went to three towns , slaying 10 people . He started in his hometown of Kinston , killing his mother , before moving on to open fire in Samson and finally Geneva . McLendon was once a police officer in Samson , the small town hit hardest by the deadliest crime in Alabama history , authorities said . His nearly hourlong assault ended at the Reliable Metal Products plant in the last town , 24 miles from where it began and where police said McLendon engaged in a shootout before killing himself inside the building . In the aftermath of the rampage , among those seeking comfort at First Baptist Church was Josh Mathews . He was driving down the street around the time of the shootings . "  Could 've been anyone -- just missed the gunfire , could 've been any of us , " Mathews said . Watch report from CNN 's Brooke Baldwin " After the shootings , he found out one of the victims was a friend . It will be hard to move on , he said . But "  you have to . He was like the happiest dude in the world . He would 've wanted us to move on and remember him for who he was . " High school baseball coach Chris Reid said he knew almost all the victims . "  Everybody knows everybody . Everybody 's always been willing to go out of their way to help people in need around here , no matter what the case may be . It 's just a small town where you consider your friends as family . " Reid was walking out of the Big-Little convenience store when he stopped to talk to CNN . A little more than 24 hours ago , the gas station was the site of one of killings . Watch deputy talk about his loss " Reid was at baseball practice when he heard the shots . "  They were one block from us , " Reid said , adding that while driving , he saw a man killed in the street . iReport.com : On the scene as officials investigate "  It really has n't set in yet , " he said . "  It is still kind of a dream where you wait for it to not be real , to be over . But it 's a fact , something we have to go through . " Inside the church service , Steve Sellers , a visiting pastor , spoke to several hundred in attendance , praying for God to give the community strength . Some sat in the pews and sobbed . "  I want to thank you , Lord , that in the coming days that this community walks through that process of healing , that there is a God who carries them through that valley , " he said . Sellers also thanked town leaders , medical personnel and local law enforcement while asking the question that 's been on so many minds : "  I do n't know what set a young man off like that , but I , too , want to pray for his family . We also come , knowing Lord , you taught us to forgive those who trespass against us . " Watch how state copes with "  shock and disbelief " " While members of this tight-knit town may never fully understand how McLendon could 've committed this crime , many find comfort in faith and friends . As one pastor put it , "  Thank God for this town . "	The 2,100 people of Samson , Alabama , cope with aftermath of deadly rampage First Baptist Church welcomes community for Wednesday night prayer service High school baseball coach Chris Reid : "  It really has n't set in yet " Community members say their tight bonds will pull them through difficult days ahead
CNN  -- 10-man Manchester City were held to a 1-1 draw by Liverpool at Anfield Sunday but have a five-point lead the top of the English Premier League . City were forced to play the closing moments a man short after second half substitute Mario Balotelli was shown red for a second bookable offence . It nearly proved costly as Liverpool 's late substitute Andy Carroll saw his header brilliantly saved by City goalkeeper Joe Hart . It preserved his side 's unbeaten start to the EPL season and they have 35 points from 13 games , leaving city rivals and defending champions Manchester United trailing in second spot . Tottenham Hotspur , who won 3-1 at WBA Saturday , are seven points adrift but have played a game less . Wales manager Gary Speed found dead at home Vincent Kompany headed the leaders in front from a David Silva corner in the first half , but Liverpool were soon level as a Charlie Adam shot took a huge deflection off Joleon Lescott for an own-goal that left Hart wrong-footed . Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish was delighted by his team 's performance as they stretched their unbeaten run to 10 games to stay in a challenging sixth spot . "  I do n't think you could have asked for much more in terms of effort and commitment from the players . I think they were fantastic , " he told Sky Sports . Swansea and Aston Villa played to a goalless draw in Sunday 's other EPL game , both of which were overshadowed by the tragic death of Wales manager Gary Speed . In Germany 's Bundesliga , there was a shock 3-2 defeat for Bayern Munich at Mainz Sunday , a result which leaves the Bavarian giants third in the table with reigning champions Borussia Dortmund on top . A draw for Bayern would have seen them return to the summit but they were always struggling once Austrian midfielder Andreas Ivanschitz put Mainz ahead after 11 minutes . Bayern defender Daniel van Buyten equalized on 56 minutes , but Mainz took a two-goal lead as Marco Caligiuri and defender Niko Bungert scored . Van Buyten then grabbed his second , but Bayern could not salvage a point . In Italy 's Serie A , Luc Castaignos scored a late winner as Inter Milan continued their revival with a 1-0 win at Siena . Following their 2-1 home win over Cagliari last weekend , it lifted Claudio Ranieri 's men to 14 points , but just one win adrift from sixth-placed Roma .	Manchester City held 1-1 at Liverpool in the English Premier League City striker Mario Balotelli sent off late in the second half Draw leaves City five points clear of Manchester United at top Bayern Munich suffer shock defeat in Bundesliga to Mainz
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- The leaders of Syria and Saudi Arabia on Friday implored Lebanese officials to shun violence in settling political differences and declared their "  solidarity with Lebanon against all Israeli threats . " Syrian President Bashar Assad and Saudi King Abdullah sat down Friday with Lebanese President Michel Suleiman and met with Lebanese politicians from various factions in an attempt to avoid Shiite-Sunni conflict ahead of the release of a U.N. tribunal indictment in the 2005 assassination of Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . It has been rumored that Hezbollah operatives will be blamed for the killing , a seminal event in Lebanon . Rafik Hariri died in a powerful explosion that left a 10-foot crater in a street in downtown Beirut and had a similar impact on Lebanon 's political culture . Assad and Abdullah traveled to Beirut from Syria , where they met Thursday . Suleiman issued a communique saying both men "  held talks with Lebanese officials and discussed ways on how to enhance the national reconciliation and the internal stability in Lebanon and how to improve opportunities for economic growth and social development . " The communique said the two asserted their empathy for Lebanon because of "  the daily Israeli breaches of Lebanese sovereignty , independence and Israel 's attempts to destabilize the Lebanese nation . " They "  stressed the importance of continuing to support the Doha agreement , " a pact reached by Lebanese rival movements in 2008 , and to "  complete the implementation of the Taif agreement , " an accord developed to end the Lebanese civil war . The leaders urged the importance of "  everyone 's commitment not to resort to violence and to place Lebanon 's interest above any interest of any faction , and to be part of the legal and constitutional institutions and the Government of National Unity in order to resolve any differences . The Syrian and Saudi Arabia leaders expressed their continued support for Lebanon and the Lebanese president and the interests of Lebanon and its people . " After the visit , Abdullah went to Jordan and Assad traveled home to Syria . Ibrahim Mousawi , a Hezbollah spokesman , said the group "  welcomes any kind of any Arab coordination and unity " and said the summit will play an important role in "  repelling the Israeli threats in Lebanon and in the region as a whole . " "  The region is facing many challenges and pressures by the Israelis amidst all the talks about a new war in the region and Israel 's crimes in expelling the Palestinians , judaizing Jerusalem and threatening the entire region with their scheme against our nation and the rest of the Arab world , " he maintained . Hezbollah and Israel fought a bitter war in 2006 after militants seized two Israeli soldiers and killed three others . The significance of the visit is that Assad and Abdullah have backed different political movements in Lebanon since the killing , with Saudi Arabia backing Prime Minister Saad Hariri , the son of Rafik Hariri , and Syria supporting Hezbollah , which has representatives in parliament and a presence in the government . Rafik Hariri 's death stunned the nation at the time and prompted tens of thousands to take to the streets , blaming Syria for the killing . At the time of the killing , neighboring Syria had immense political influence in Lebanon . Syria has always denied the accusations of being involved in the assassination . A U.N. Security Council resolution demanded Damascus fully cooperate in the U.N. investigation . The assassination and subsequent investigation led to a complete withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon after 30 years of military presence . The investigation by the U.N. tribunal into the killing is still going on , and the tribunal 's prosecutor , Daniel Bellemare , is expected to issue the long-awaited indictment between September and December 2010 . It is Assad 's first visit to Lebanon since Rafik Hariri was assassinated . Both leaders last visited Lebanon in 2002 for an Arab League summit to launch the Middle East peace process . Last week , Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah said he believes that the tribunal will blame elements of his party , but said he would reject any such conclusion . He also said that any indictment of a Hezbollah member would represent a U.S.-Israeli effort to disarm Hezbollah 's militant wing . The United States considers Hezbollah , which has close ties to Iran and Syria , to be a terrorist organization . The Shiite group is a political party and a major provider of social services in Lebanon but also operates a militant wing . Nasrallah , in a rare press conference , said Hariri 's son , current Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri , had told him that the special tribunal would implicate rogue Hezbollah members for the killing , but not the party itself . "  I told Hariri when he accused Syria to bring us one single proof and I will stand by your side and support you , but you can not allow the instigation against Hezbollah and the Shiites in Lebanon to continue , " Nasrallah said . Nasrallah said forces inside and outside Lebanon "  do n't want the stability in the country to last . " Among many Muslims , Hezbollah is seen as a heroic organization , successful in having driven Israeli forces from Lebanon in 2006 . In previous parliamentary elections , the so-called March 14 coalition -- parties association with Saad Hariri -- campaigned on a platform to disarm Hezbollah and opposed Hezbollah 's 2006 war with Israel . "  In the last five years , some Lebanese politicians dragged the country into a bigger battle that targeted everyone , " Nasrallah said . "  Every day we were on the verge of a new civil war and we are all victims of a bigger plot that wanted to destroy the resistance in Lebanon . "  These same politicians want to drag Lebanon into that same phase once again . "  So I ask their supporters : Do you really want to stand by these leaders , despite all what happened ? Despite everything they have done ? " This week , U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley , asked about the meeting , said the United States values "  dialogue " among the three leaders . He said he suspects Israeli-Palestinian peace moves and other items could be part of the discussions . "  Syria 's relationship with Iran is of concern to us . And to the extent that Syria wants to advance its relations within the region and around the world , it would be , you know , much better for Syria to distance itself from Iran and move in a more constructive direction . " He also said , "  We think that President Assad and other Syrian leaders should listen very attentively , you know , to what King Abdullah will tell them . " CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report	NEW : Assad , Abdullah urge officials in Lebanon to avoid violence NEW : They worked to enhance Lebanese reconciliation First visits for both since Hariri death
CNN  -- A fourth person has died , a day after a lumber plant employee shot several people at his company 's factory near Lucerne , Switzerland . The shooter killed himself and two other people Wednesday , and one of seven other people wounded in the incident died Thursday morning , according to Lucerne county police spokesman Urs Wigger . Police have not yet named any of the victims , and they had no update Thursday on how the other six people were faring . The murder weapon was a Sphinx AT-380 handgun -- not a military-issued weapon -- Wigger said , adding that police were investigating how the shooter got the gun , and whether he had it legally . The gunman , 42 , was a long-time employee of Kronospan , a wood panel manufacturer in the village of Menznau , about 30 kilometers  19 miles  outside Lucerne , police said . The factory employs 350 people , according to a Lucerne-based newspaper . It 's unclear why the gunman opened fire as employees were taking a morning break . Local media reports suggest the plant has had to cut production because of a reduction in the timber harvest . A statement posted in five languages on Kronospan 's Swiss website on Wednesday read : "  It is with tremendous sadness that we must confirm that there has been a shooting incident at our factory this morning , resulting in multiple serious injuries and fatalities . The shock and grief at Kronospan is not possible to put into words . " The posting also included a hotline number for employees . That hotline has been "  widely used , " according to police . Representatives for the company 's U.S. and UK branches said they had limited information about what happened and offered their condolences . "  It 's a terrible tragedy , and our thoughts are with the families of the people who have lost their lives , " the UK spokesman said . "  We , too , are deeply saddened by this tragic event , and our thoughts are with our Swiss colleagues and the families of those involved , " said the U.S. spokeswoman . The Menznau Kronospan factory , which makes wood products under the brand name Kronoswiss , is one of 10 plants in seven countries run by the Swiss Krono Group , according to the company 's website . Its U.S. subsidiary , Kronotex USA , says on its website that the company has been a family business since its inception in 1897 in Austria , and its total annual sales exceed $ 1 billion . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen , Saskya Vandoorne and Carol Jordan contributed to this report . CNN 's Laura Spark-Smith wrote from London , and Mark Morgenstein and Ben Brumfield wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : A fourth person has died as a result of a shooting at a Swiss wood company NEW : The weapon used was not military-issued , and it 's unclear if it was legally owned NEW : Gunfire wounded six other people at the factory The company , which makes wood products , employs 350 people at the crime scene
CNN  That statue was n't the only thing that was golden . This year 's Oscars ceremony also yielded some hysterical memes . From Lady Gaga 's lobster-like gloves to Reese Witherspoon 's forehead , social media had zero chill . But do n't just take our word for it . And what the heck , John Travolta ? No , seriously , what are you going through ?	Celebs at the Oscars made for great memes Lady Gaga 's gloves were mocked John Travolta was all over it
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Jeff Walker says from as far back as he can remember , he always wanted to be a father . Jeff Walker , with his two daughters , tried to adopt , but ultimately turned to surogacy to build a family . "  It was always something I knew , from the time I was a child . " Just like his 3-year-old daughter , Elizabeth , who says she wants to be a mommy someday , Jeff says , "  I knew I wanted to be a daddy . " Walker , a Manhattan music executive , says he and his partner had talked about adopting a baby years ago . But after three emotionally draining , failed attempts at adoption , they decided to turn to surrogacy . They contacted Circle Surrogacy , a Boston agency that specializes in gay clients . Their child was conceived with a donor egg , and then the embryo implanted in the surrogate , or carrier . After Elizabeth was born , Walker and his partner separated . He then made a critical decision -- to become a dad again , single , and by choice . "  I realized my family , my two-dad family was going to look different than I thought it was going to look , " he said . Without a partner , he would face even steeper challenges raising Elizabeth and a sibling alone . Walker says he gave the decision a lot of thought . "  That was the only part that was really controversial , because I do think there are a lot of challenges that single parents face , but at the same time I felt I was capable of handling those challenges , " he said . His second daughter , Alexandra , was born two years ago to the same surrogate , implanted with an egg from a different donor . Walker , 45 , is one of a growing number of single men -- both gay and straight -- who are opting to become fathers alone , with the help of gestational surrogacy . Surrogacy experts say because the practice is not regulated , many surrogacy arrangements are handled privately by individuals . Precise figures are hard to come by , but experts say there 's no doubt the United States is experiencing a surrogacy baby boom . Celebrities like Ricky Martin and Clay Aiken announced this year they had had babies with the help of surrogates and the the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology , representing scores of reproductive clinics , reports that the number of gestational surrogate births in the country quadrupled between 1996 and 2006 . Watch more on the surrogacy boom " Surrogacy experts say gestational surrogacy has increased steadily since the advent of in vitro fertilization in the early 1980s , because it provides an extra layer of emotional and legal protection for the client . The egg donor usually does not even know the client , and unlike the legally contentious "  Baby M " case from the 1980s , the surrogate is not giving birth to her genetic child . "  It rises as an issue far less frequently with gestational surrogacy , because women never see it as their child to begin with , " said John Weltman , president of Circle Surrogacy . His agency , which expects more than 70 babies to be born in 2009 , has seen a 50 percent growth in the number of single male clients over the past year . Walker and other men are willing to pay well over $ 100,000 to have a baby through surrogacy -- the final cost depending on the number of IVF treatments necessary and how much is paid by insurance . Circle is not the only major surrogacy provider experiencing a single-dad surge . At Growing Generations , a Los Angeles , California , agency that facilitates about 100 births a year , the number of single men seeking surrogates has doubled in the past three years , spokeswoman Erica Bowers said . Although most of their single male clients are gay , surrogacy providers say a smaller but growing number are straight . Steven Harris , a New York malpractice and personal-injury attorney , says he gave up trying to get married when he realized his primary motive was to start a family . Harris , 54 , says he knew he made the right decision after 21-month old Ben was born . "  I thought getting married was the only way to go , because I did want a family . But having Ben , I feel complete now , " Harris says .	Single men who want children find surrogate births better option than adoption Most such fathers are gay , but straight men use surrogacy as well Clay Aiken , Ricky Martin are high-profile single dads who used surrogates Surrogate does n't provide egg , making it less likely she 'll see child as hers
CNN  -- After actress Mackenzie Phillips spoke about her sexual relationship with her musician father , online and telephone calls to an anti-sexual assault hot line surged . Mackenzie Phillips told Larry King that incest survivors are "  incredibly underrepresented . " Her interviews in the past few weeks brought a spotlight to an uncomfortable topic . Incest , a common but highly stigmatized form of sexual abuse , often leaves the victim ashamed , isolated and unable to tell others what 's happening , because the perpetrator is someone related to him or her , mental health experts said . "  For any survivor of sexual trauma , it 's challenging , and it takes a lot of courage to come forward , " said Jennifer Wilson , director of the National Sexual Assault hot line . "  With incest survivors , it 's particularly difficult , because not only is there social stigma pressuring them to stay quiet , but also there 's pressure that 's within the family to stay quiet . " The Rape , Abuse & Incest National Network , which calls itself the nation 's largest anti-sexual assault organization , said it had seen an 83 percent increase in activity on its online hot line and a 26 percent increase on its telephone hot line after Phillips ' interview with Oprah Winfrey aired last week . "  Unfortunately , it 's something we hear everyday in our hot line , so to have somebody speak aloud about it was empowering to a lot of victims and survivors who went through similar situations , " Wilson said . Phillips spoke about the taboo nature of incest in her interview with CNN 's Larry King . "  There 's very little in this world that is taboo today , but this subject is still , like , shove it under the carpet , sweep it away , protect the abuser , deny the reality . ... You 're just on your own , " the former child star said . This makes it one of the most under-reported and least discussed crimes , experts said . A U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics report found that of the 60,000 sexual assault cases reported in 12 states in 2000 , about a quarter were perpetrated by family members . About half of the sexual assault cases with victims younger than 11 involved family members . At times , a victim may feel unable to tell other family members what 's happening . And if he or she tells a relative , that family member may have "  a knee-jerk reaction , " refusing to believe it . Relatives may try to protect the offender in order to keep the family together or to avoid the shame and stigma , Wilson said . This takes a devastating toll on a victim . "  Their sexual selves are damaged . Their emotional selves are damaged , because ` who do I trust ? ' " said Debra Laino , a sex therapist and counselor . " ` My father did this . My mother did this . Who can I trust if I ca n't trust my family ? ' " Sometimes the reluctance to report the crime comes from the victim , because he or she does n't want to see the family member in jail . Although Phillips called the sexual relationship with her famed father , John Phillips , "  wrong , " she said , "  I do n't want bad things to happen to him , but I also do n't want bad things to happen to me as a result of this . And I was convinced to let it lie . " Her father , a co-founder of the Mamas & the Papas , died in 2001 . Father - or stepfather-daughter incest is the most common form , although it also occurs between mother and child , according to the National Center for Victims of Crime . A sexual assault victim could suffer physical effects of the crime such as sexually transmitted infections , genital trauma and urinary tract infections . They could also experience many mental health effects : social withdrawal , isolation , post-traumatic stress disorder and regressive behavior such as bedwetting and thumb sucking . Some become hypersexual and engage in destructive behaviors , experts said . Humans "  have an instinct for avoiding incest or inbreeding , " said Debra Lieberman , an assistant professor of psychology at the University of Miami  Florida  who researches incest . But alcohol , drugs and mental illness may disrupt that instinct . "  Under the heavy influence of cocaine or heroin or whatever else you 're taking , your mental boundaries are skewed , essentially , " Laino said . The offender 's sexual frustrations could also contribute to inappropriate actions . "  It also depends on his other mating opportunities , " Lieberman said . "  What is the quality of his current relationship with the female 's mother ? Is she around ? What is the ability for the guy to attract other mates ? " The perpetrator , frustrated by the absence of suitable sexual partners , may turn to whomever is around -- even if it 's kin . Recovery from incest can occur , but it often takes years . A victim of incest has to understand that it 's not his or her fault and get professional help , Wilson said . "  It does n't make you broken , " Phillips said . "  It does n't make it so that you ca n't go on and be -- once you deal with honestly and realistically what you 've been through , it does n't mean that you ca n't be counted on or you ca n't be well enough to be a part of the world . "	Actress said she had sexual relationship with her father for years Experts : Incest is one of the most under-reported and least discussed crimes Real healing after incest is possible , Phillips says
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania man is facing charges after he , possibly with the help of his own sons , allegedly doused his girlfriend 's 7-year-old son in nail polish remover and filmed the child being set on fire . Edward Myers , 35 , of Saxonburg , Pennsylvania , was home with his two sons and then-girlfriend Laure Halliwell 's 7-year-old son beginning around 2 p.m. on May 25 , according to court documents . Halliwell told police that when she returned , her son was sitting on the couch with burns on his neck and face . She brought him to the hospital and doctors called police to the scene . The boy told authorities that at some point in the afternoon , Myers and his two sons had started shooting him with pellet guns and that Myers threw a substance from the stove that "  felt like sand " at his face . All the while , the child told authorities Myers was filming him with a cell phone camera . Myers then allegedly followed the boy to the bathroom and poured nail polish remover over him . The boy said that his shirt was then purposefully lit on fire by either Myers or one of his sons , ages 11 and 15 , according to the complaint . There is no evidence that an ambulance was called to the house to help the boy , who had third-degree burns on his chin , neck , chest and face , covering approximately 10 % of his body , according to documents . He also had a hematoma on his forehead , which was consistent with his claims of being hit with pellets . According to the criminal complaint , Myers initially claimed he had been cleaning hair dye from the sink and had spilled nail polish remover on the boy . He told Halliwell that her son had then walked into Myers ' son 's room , where a lit cigarette fell onto his shirt , causing it to ignite . Police searched the Myers residence on May 26 and seized several cell phones , a pellet gun , a paintball gun , and an Air Soft pistol . Police said during the search Myers and his two sons repeatedly referred to the 7-year-old as "  the princess . " Myers , who was arraigned Wednesday , was charged with aggravated assault , recklessly endangering another person and simple assault , as well as possession of a controlled substance and paraphernalia after police allegedly seized a container of marijuana and a smoking pipe with suspected marijuana residue during their search . He is currently being held on $ 250,000 bail . Reached for comment , Myers ' attorney Gerald Lee Cassidy said he was "  not comfortable " talking about the case . "  I do n't see how it 's going to help my client , " Cassidy said . "  I want the best possible result for my client . "	Edward Myers was home with his two sons and then-girlfriend Laure Halliwell 's 7-year-old son Halliwell told police she found son on the couch with burns on his neck and face Police on May 26 seized several cell phones and pellet guns from Myers ' residence Myers charged with aggravated assault , recklessly endangerment , simple assault
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Forecasters issued a tropical storm warning Thursday for the Atlantic island of Bermuda as Category 3 Hurricane Bill neared . Hurricane Bill 's projected path shows it moving north toward New England and then Canada . The warning from the National Hurricane Center means tropical storm conditions , including winds of at least 39 mph  63 kph  , are expected on the island within 24 hours . A hurricane watch was also in effect , meaning hurricane conditions , including winds of at least 74 mph  119 kph  , are possible within 36 hours . As of 11 p.m. ET Thursday , Bill 's center was about 510 miles  825 kilometers  south of Bermuda , and about 975 miles  1,570 kilometers  southeast of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina , the hurricane center said . The storm was moving northwest at near 18 mph  30 kph  , and is expected to continue that motion overnight , with a gradual turn to the north-northwest on Friday followed by a turn toward the north on Saturday . "  The core of the hurricane is expected to pass between Bermuda and the east coast of the United States on Saturday , " forecasters said . See Bill 's projected path " However , Bill is considered a large hurricane , with hurricane-force winds extending out 115 miles  185 kilometers  from the center and tropical storm-force winds extending out 260 miles  418 kilometers  , so Bermuda is likely to feel its effects as it brushes by . Bill 's maximum sustained winds had increased slightly to 125 mph  205 kph  , with higher gusts , the hurricane center said . It was downgraded to a Category 3 storm from Category 4 status early Thursday , after its top sustained winds slipped below 131 mph  211 kph  . Fluctuations in intensity are likely over the next 12 to 24 hours , however , and Bill could regain Category 4 strength Friday , forecasters said . Large swells generated by Bill were affecting the northern Leeward Islands on Thursday , along with Puerto Rico and the island of Hispaniola , shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic . The East Coast of the United States should start seeing large swells during the next few days , along with the Bahamas , Bermuda and the eastern coast of Canada , the hurricane center said . "  These swells will cause extremely dangerous surf and life-threatening rip currents . " Bill is forecast to diminish into a Category 1 hurricane by Sunday evening , when it could make landfall near Nova Scotia or Newfoundland , Canada .	Bermuda on alert as Hurricane Bill gets closer Hurricane Bill downgraded to Category 3 storm U.S. East Coast expected to have large swells during the next few days Bill expected to make landfall near Nova Scotia or Newfoundland , Canada on Sunday
CNN  -- ESPN "  SportsCenter " host Hannah Storm suffered severe burns as the result of a propane grill accident at her Connecticut home on December 11 . CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta spoke with her recently . Here is an edited version of that interview . CNN : Do you do feel lucky ? Hannah Storm : I feel very blessed . I was the best person off in that burn unit . What many or so many suffer from is so exponentially worse than I could ever imagine . I 'm so grateful to be able to do my job , to sit here and to talk to you and to be able to carry on . So the only reason that I will have wanted to share what I have wanted is because I do n't want it to happen to anybody else , and I also want people to you know understand a little bit about what burn victims go through . The pain is there for a long time ; the trauma is there for a long time . I think it 's not always obvious . CNN : When the doctor came in and finally told you all the burns and the types of things that had happened , do you remember how they described to you what had happened ? They said , "  You have first-degree burns on your hand and your neck . " The neck , you could actually see the flame -- it was like a flame shape , going up the neck . CNN : What was the treatment at that time , initially ? Storm : I had to have a silver patch . It was a huge silver patch , so I was all ... patched up from like here to here . My hands were bandaged . But the body is ... incredible . You know , what it can do . I do n't think people realize how exhausting it is when -- it 's that pervasive feeling of exhaustion when you 're recovering from burns . It 's something that 's still really surprising to me , because I still feel that way . You 're just so incredibly tired , and then you 're just ... you are so sore and then even now ... my chest is hot and my hands ... you feel that heat , and you feel the pins-and-needles feeling , you know , and you feel sensitive . You almost still feel it . It 's really strange . CNN : Medical care here , how was it ? Because again , these are significant injuries but if they 're treated well or early ... Storm : Every burn has its own personality . It goes in its own direction . This hand got swollen and got infected . Infection is your No. 1 enemy with burns . ... This then got a fungal infection . So this hand really went through the wringer and was pretty ... double the size and really , you know , monstrous looking . Every burn on my body has had its own different personality . And all of them needed different things . So I got this cream  that  went here , and this hand needed this , and this hand needed that . My youngest daughter , Riley , because there were so many different lotions and types of bandages and wraps ... she actually took sticky notes and organized everything . Just taking care of that and taking care of the wounds was pretty much all I could do . It was so time-consuming . CNN : Is it hard for you to just be by that grill where this all happened , psychologically ? Storm : I have n't really gone to the grill . It 's the first time I 've been out there . I wo n't cook on that grill . Maybe that seems silly , and maybe that 's just today , but it was ... a terrible , traumatic , frightening event . And I do n't want to be -- I do n't like being afraid . I believe in tackling things you 're afraid of . But I think it will be a very long time before I grill on that type of grill again . You know , I was in a hurry . That 's when a lot of accidents happen . You 're hurried , you 're distracted , you 're rushing , and that 's a big personal lesson for me is , slow down . Sportscasting pioneer returns to TV after serious burns CNN : I hope that a lot of people are listening , because I have to say , guilty , you know , I 've probably been in that same position before . Storm : And also ... how many people are drinking beers and grilling , just talking , you know how many little kids are wandering about around the grill and you know , it 's like a lot of things . It can very safe , and it can be very useful , and it can be a healthy way to cook . All of those things ... can also be dangerous if you do n't do it properly and use it properly . CNN : Let me ask you a couple of specific questions with regard to burns . Sometimes , people can develop a pigmentation , some excessive and some not enough . Is that something your doctor spoke about ? Storm : Yes . I ca n't go in the sun at all for six months . And there are some pretty significant pigmentation dangers with permanent pigmentation issues to my face and to my neck . Obviously , I 've got potentially really big issues on the horizon there with my chest and my hands . CNN : Hot/cold sensitivity ? Is that something that came up ? Storm : Yes . Hot and cold and just the temperature . I know that when I 've gone to work , that even the lights in the studio ... all of a sudden , that can bring on like a really serious heat flash , like change your body temperature , and at times you also get really , really cold ... inability to regulate your own body temperature . CNN : Obviously , the concern when you 're working and you 're at outside events , has that happened to you ? Storm : Well , you know , the Super Bowl is outside , so I 'm going to have to be really , really , really careful . I 'm going to be in direct sunlight , so I 'm worried about that . In the studio , we read our copy off a teleprompter , and I have had vision change since the accident so the corneas are singed . ... I had all my prescriptions changed . They have to move the cameras closer and change the type that we read in the teleprompter . CNN : But you 're able to -- you 're making it work . Do you think you 're over the worst of it now ? Storm : Physically , I think that the discomfort and the fatigue is still there . ... This is my big thing for the day , talking to you , you know . Whereas normally this would have been a part of an extraordinarily busy day . And so , you know , being a mom , being an anchor , having a production company , running a foundation ... I 'm one of those go , go , go , go ... people , and I 'm just going to put one "  go . " ... Just go and proceed with caution and attention to what you 're doing instead of the crazy rush . See more about cooking injuries on Eatocracy	Hannah Storm returned to ESPN this month after suffering burns December 11 Storm says she was in a hurry and distracted when the grill accident occurred She said the pain and trauma is "  there for a long time " Storm says she 's determined to slow down and "  proceed with caution "
CNN  -- Instead of presents , there might be IOUs under some Christmas trees in Colorado on Sunday . This week 's snow storm has delayed the delivery of some 50,000 UPS packages into the Denver area , CNN affiliate KUSA reported , citing a company spokeswoman . "  We know it 's Christmas . We apologize for the delay , but we ca n't control the weather , " Natalie Godwin said . "  As soon as we can , we 're going to get all of those packages delivered . " Hundreds of people waited in line Saturday outside of the UPS building in Commerce City , hoping to pick up their packages , KUSA said . A winter weather system blasted broad swaths of the West and Midwest this week , dumping heavy snow . "  This makes no sense . They get paid . It snows in Colorado . That 's what it does here . So how are you in the business that you ca n't deliver what you say ? " Jacqueline Camack , a frustrated customer , told KUSA . UPS has said it planned to make more than 120 million deliveries this week , its busiest of the year .	A company spokeswoman apologizes for the delay A winter weather system blasted broad swaths of the West and Midwest this week "  This makes no sense , " says a frustrated customer
CNN  -- Remember Wikipedia 's black banner ads that asked for money to keep the lights on at the not-for-profit online encyclopedia ? Expect more of those . "  We think it 's really important to maintain the independence of Wikipedia . We like to keep it ad free , " said co-founder Jimmy Wales to CNN 's Richard Quest . Loyal users of the crowd-sourced information portal have answered the call for coin in the past . In 2010 , the last time Wikipedia asked for donations , the website pulled in the requested $ 16 million dollars in 50 days from 500,000 people , according to the Wikimedia Foundation . While critics might compare the black banner blitz to begging , Wales implies he does not want conflicts of interest to arise . "  When people go read the entry to General Motors you might find it a little disconcerting if you find an ad for the new Corvette there , " Wales says . Still , the American internet entrepreneur admits he is not opposed to advertising . Wales runs Wikia , a for-profit video gaming website . With more than 200,000 wikis , or pages that are collaboratively built and maintained , Wikia describes itself as "  the world 's largest network of collaboratively published video game , entertainment , and lifestyle content . " While Wikia is a place for profit , Wales likens Wikipedia to a place of worship . "  It 's a temple for the mind . It 's a place where we think and reflect -- that place of quiet -- somewhere to go and learn something . And we really want to preserve that . " With more than 1.7 billion edits and counting , users around the world continue to build and change Wikipedia , with thousands of volunteers self-monitoring information and collaborating for free . Wales says its "  completely insane . " "  It 's completely impossible and it ca n't work and yet she flies . It really comes down to something quite wonderful about human nature that it turns out there 's lots and lots of really nice , thoughtful people who want to come and help -- and they do . "	Founder of Wikipedia starting new fund raising drive to keep site free The 2010 fund drive raised $ 16 million in 50 days from 500,000 people Jimmy Wales : "  It 's a temple for the mind . It 's a place where we think and reflect "
New York  CNN  Korean Air 's "  nut rage " case has made its way back to New York , with the flight attendant who served the offending macadamia nuts filing a lawsuit against the airline and a former executive . Heather Cho , a Korean Air executive and daughter of the airline 's chairman , is serving a one-year prison sentence in South Korea after throwing a fit on a New York flight because her nuts were served in a bag instead of a porcelain bowl . In a civil suit filed this week in state Supreme Court in Queens , New York , Cho -- whose name is listed as Heather Hyun A-Cho in court documents -- is accused of "  verbally and physically " attacking flight attendant Kim Do-hee in December on a Seoul-bound flight departing from John F. Kennedy International Airport . At the time , Cho , who was seated in first class , demanded that the plane go back to the gate so Kim could be kicked off the flight , according to the lawsuit . The episode , which was widely reported , was a "  prime example of the corrupt and entitled behavior of the members of elite South Korean business families , " the lawsuit states . The suit describes Cho as the "  princess " of the "  so-called royal " family that controls Korean Air , and says the executive screamed obscenities at Kim before hitting , shoving and threatening the flight attendant . On her return to South Korea , the lawsuit states , Kim was "  pressured to lie to government regulators in order to cover up the incident , and to appear in public with Cho as part of an orchestrated effort to try and rehabilitate Cho 's public image . " A South Korean judge last month said that Cho 's actions threatened the development of the aviation industry and inconvenienced passengers , and ruled that she violated aviation law , changed a flight path and interfered with operations . She was sentenced to a year in jail . The judge blasted Cho for her conduct , saying that she had used the plane as if it were her personal car and that as a passenger , she could not override crew members and give orders during a flight . The case is emblematic of growing resentment over the perceived privileges and nepotism of the families that control the country 's top companies . Cho resigned as vice president at the company a few days after the incident and publicly apologized , saying she accepted "  full responsibility . " Last month , she appeared in a South Korean court wearing a green prison uniform . She gazed downward . Her hair hung in her face . "  I do n't know how to find forgiveness , " she said . Park Chang-jin , the chief steward who was booted from the flight instead of Kim , has said the former executive treated crew members like "  feudal slaves . " Park and Kim , the flight attendant who served the nuts , had knelt in front of Cho in apology . Kim testified that Cho berated them about the service and later shoved and cursed her . When the flight arrived in Korea , the flight attendant said another airline manager , Yeo Woon-jin , pressured her not to talk to investigators about Cho 's physically abusing her and Park . Yeo was found guilty of interfering with an investigation . Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho apologized to the flight attendants and the public following the public uproar over the incident . In a statement , Kim 's lawyer , Andrew Weinstein , called Heather Cho 's behavior "  humiliating , degrading , and damaging to Ms. Kim , but ... also emblematic of Ms. Cho 's unbridled arrogance and disturbing sense of entitlement . " The incident has damaged Kim 's "  career , reputation , and emotional well-being , " and efforts to settle the case out of court have been unsuccessful , according to the statement -- which did n't specify how much was being sought in damages . Attempts to reach representatives of Korean Air as well as lawyers for Cho were unsuccessful . CNN 's David Shortell contributed to this report .	A former Korean Air executive is named in lawsuit after interrupting a flight over how nuts were served Heather Cho is accused of "  verbally and physically " attacking flight attendant Do Hee Kim Korean Air is also named in the lawsuit
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The international race among sailors , kite surfers and wind surfers to be the fastest wind-powered boat on the planet is rapidly gaining momentum as speeds reach all-time highs . Quick sailor : French trimaran l'Hydroptere is one of the boats battling for the outright world sailing speed record . The outright world sailing speed record -- which did not change hands for 11 years after 1993 -- has been bettered four times this year alone . The new holder of the record , Alexandre Caizergues , of France , claimed it with an average speed of 50.57 knots  almost 60 miles per hour  over 500 meters on his kite board off the coast of Namibia last month . Caizergues ' attempt was eventually ratified by the World Sailing Speed Record Council  WSSRC  this month , when it was decided that kite boards would be eligible for the outright record . Meanwhile , another Frenchman , Alain Thebault , has also been closely challenging for the record on his vessel l'Hydroptere . Thebault 's crew hold the 500m speed record in the boat class , and also have the overall speed record in the one nautical mile category . Then there is the Australian sailor hoping to spoil the party for the French . Paul Larsen , aboard British yacht Vestas SailRocket , has unofficially nabbed the fastest boat record from l'Hydroptere with an average speed of 47.4 knots . Larsen achieved the speed in 22 knot winds , and shortly before his unusual "  boat " became airborne and flipped . Larsen 's speed is just awaiting formal approval from the WSSRC . Thebault held the record with a speed of 46.88 knots . Even the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race has had a speed record of its own with current leader Ericsson 4 claiming the world record for the most distance sailed in a 24-hour period during the event 's first leg . According to a spokesman from the WSSRC , interest in speed sailing is steadily building , and the close competition has been giving it a boost . "  Certainly towards the end of the year it 's been very hectic . I think what has happened is that a number of competitors have been at the top end and they have all been competing against each other at the same venues . The development of new technologies is one factor that has increased interest in trying to break these records . "  The fact that kite boards have developed has helped ... but there is still a lot of people out there that want to achieve these records , " the spokesman said . He said that a lot of syndicates had been involved in speed sailing for some time , and that many were only now starting to feel the benefits of their developmental work . "  It does seem if you are going for a specially designed boat it takes a few years before you get the design right , " he said . The spokesman said the WSSRC had received about 50 formal applications for speed attempts during 2008 . He said the council 's job was not to promote the attempts but simply to oversee them in a fair and independent manner and ratify successful efforts . The WSSRC had a number of commissioners based around the world , he said .	Kite boarder Alexandre Caizergues , of France , holds the world sailing speed record The World Sailing Speed Record Council oversees and ratifies record attempts The WSSRC had about 50 formal applications for record attempts in 2008
Just like any other night in the NBA , the starting lineups of the Boston Celtics and visiting Golden State Warriors were introduced over the public address system . But Wednesday was n't just any night at Boston 's TD Garden . And the loudest ovations were not for members of either team . Louis "  Louie " Corbett , 12 , who is rapidly losing his eyesight due to retinitis pigmentosa , was in the house to fulfill his final seeing wish : watch his beloved Boston Celtics play a game . "  Welcome Louis ! " flashed on all four sides of the Jumbotron to thunderous applause . "  I 'm quite excited to be here for the game , " Louie told CNN affiliate WCVB . While the reason for his long journey from Auckland , New Zealand , was distressing , the circumstances that brought two communities on opposite sides of the planet together were extraordinary . Louie 's progressive disorder will eventually deteriorate his vision . Faced with the grim reality that he will soon lose the ability to see the world around him , his parents wanted to give their youngest of five children an international sightseeing tour . "  This year we 're going to try and fill his world with as many beautiful images as we can , " his mother , Catherine Corbett , told CNN . Louie was instructed to make something of an ocular bucket list -- things and places he 'd like to see for the first , only and likely last time . He picked places such as the Grand Canyon , Niagara Falls , the Empire State Building and , in a sign of the times , Google headquarters in California . But the thing he wanted to experience the most was n't a landmark or a national park . An avid sports fan , Louie wanted to take in a game . And not just any game -- the Boston Celtics . "  For some reason , he really got hooked on American basketball , " his mom said . "  He cares about nothing else . He is really quite passionate about it . " Making the list was the easy part . Getting there , however , would be trickier . With Louie 's eyesight rapidly fading -- by 50 % in the past year alone -- the trip was going to have to be soon . Like , matter-of-weeks soon . Warren Casey , the CEO of a Boston-based software firm , stepped in with a hefty donation and the promise to raise even more . The fact that Casey 's company is based in Boston -- the very place Louie was headed -- had nothing to do with why he got involved . "  That was a random coincidence , " he told CNN . "  I did it because the Corbetts are my next-door neighbors . " Casey makes the 24-hour-plus trek from his Auckland home to his office in downtown Boston every six weeks . He got Air New Zealand to pick up Louie 's airfare tab and donated his own points as well . Casey and his partners at Ceiba Solutions agreed to pay for the trip no matter how much was raised while friends and strangers from opposite sides of the planet donated about $ 25,000 in just four weeks . "  It is so touching , " Catherine Corbett said . "  People are just so supportive . " The fundraising campaign soon picked up steam on social media , reaching strangers far and wide . "  Somebody Tweeted me an article about this boy in New Zealand and told me I should read it , " said Corinne Grousbeck , who lives outside of Boston . Grousbeck is the incoming chair of the trustees at the Perkins School for the Blind , one of the oldest schools for the visually impaired in the country . Her son , 21-year-old Campbell , was blinded by a condition similar to Louie 's . "  I completely understood where the Corbetts were coming from in wanting to build a visual memory bank for  Louie  , " Grousbeck said . "  It 's an incredibly difficult thing to have to go through . " But that was n't the only coincidence ; Grousbeck 's husband just so happens to own the Boston Celtics . "  Of course when I read about how he was a big Celtics fan , I knew that we had to have him come for a game , " she said . The coincidences did n't end there . When Grousbeck learned that the Corbetts would be coming to Boston for their game on March 5 , she realized she would be unable to give Louie her seats because she had given them away . "  March 5th had coincidentally been scheduled as Perkins School for the Blind Night at the TD Garden  home of the Celtics  , " she said . "  We 'd already given away our seats to the school 's students , families and donors . " While Grousbeck made sure Louie and his family had great seats -- practically on the Celtics bench -- she says the real show was the Perkins chorus singing the national anthem . "  I think for a 12-year-old like Louie , for him to be able to watch visually-impaired kids perform the national anthem on a national stage , for him to see what blind people can achieve , that 's going to give him the lasting memory , " she said . And his Boston trip was filled with other coincidences as well . He spent the day Tuesday at the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary , whose cutting-edge ocular research may one day turn Louie 's "  farewell to vision " tour into simply one heck of a trip . Those odds might be long , but smart money would n't bet against Louie . He seems to have serendipity on his side .	Doctors say Louis Corbett , 12 , will soon lose his vision due to rare disease He is going on a trip to see as many beautiful images as possible He attended a Celtics game , thanks to the generous donations of many
CNN  -- A man opened fire at a Texas roller skating rink during a birthday party for one of his children , killing his estranged wife and four of her family members before turning the gun on himself , police said Sunday . Tan Do , 35 , and Trini Do , 29 , were hosting the party at the Roller World Skating Rink in the Dallas suburb of Grand Prairie , Texas , on Saturday for one of their two children , Grand Prairie police said in a statement . "  The couple had been involved in ongoing marital problems and it is believed that this led to the shooting , " police said . "  Trini Do was among the deceased . " Police responded to a call of a shooting at 7:10 p.m. Saturday  8:10 p.m. ET  . Officers found the bodies of five people ; a sixth person -- the suspect -- with a gunshot wound to the head ; and four other people who had sustained non-life-threatening injuries . Others who were killed included Trini Do 's sisters , Lynn Ta , 16 , and Michelle Ta , 28 ; her brother , Hien Ta , 21 ; and her sister-in-law , Thuy Nguyen , 25 . "  It appears the suspect targeted his estranged wife and her family members , " police said . The couple 's two children were not harmed , and were in the care of other family members Sunday , authorities said . Tan Do was transported to a hospital where he was pronounced dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , according to police . About 30 people were attending the party at the time of the shooting , but the roller rink was not open to the public , police said . Employees of the rink were not injured . Witnesses were interviewed by police , and the police department 's crisis counselors and chaplain were working with the survivors , authorities said . CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities say Tan Do and his wife were hosting the party NEW : Neither of the couple 's children were hurt NEW : About 30 people were attending the party
CNN  -- Former U.S. Marine Dan Hottle knew he had found his dream job at Yellowstone National Park . Hottle grew up going to the national parks on family vacations , exploring parks in New Mexico , Colorado and the rest of the Southwest . After he left the U.S. Marine Corps in 2002 , his combat tour in Afghanistan was still on his mind . Just walking into a convenience store created sensory overload . So he bought a backpack , filled it with camping gear and hiked national parks extending from California to the Midwest . "  Where I had just come from was so austere , " he said . "  So the national parks were the perfect place to be by myself . It 's the best thing I could do . " Hottle had worked as an enlisted public affairs specialist in the military and had run his own video production business after being discharged . Keeping his eyes open for jobs in the federal government , he noticed a job posting for a spokesman at Yellowstone that seemed too good to be true . With his wife 's encouragement , he applied and got the job two weeks later . Yellowstone 's military history Hottle is one of many military veterans who have worked for the National Park Service and at Yellowstone , the nation 's first national park , established in 1872 . The U.S. Army administered the park for the first 32 years of its existence , and many of its first park rangers were veterans . Yellowstone 's headquarters are old Army barracks dating to the early 1900s . About 300 full-time employees live there year-round . "  It 's pretty rural and only packed with visitors in the summer , " he said . "  We have seven months of winter , so you have to be really outdoorsy and love your surroundings . " It can also be brutal . "  Nature is what 's driving life here , " he said . "  We 've seen the most brutal acts of nature happen in our front yard . I accept it because I know where I live , and I know what I 'm seeing . "  I saw an injured bison on the road , and I know it 's going to be food for a grizzly bear later this afternoon . That 's hard for people to get their heads around . They think it 's cruel and inhumane for some of the natural processes to occur . But they get it when we explain it to them . " Park stats : Yellowstone National Park was the fourth-most-visited national park  PDF  in 2012 , with 3.4 million visitors last year . The location : Yellowstone is located on 2.2 million acres , mostly in Wyoming 's northwest corner .  Just 1 % is in Idaho , and 3 % is in Montana .  Although Yellowstone is open year-round , just one road from Cooke City , Montana , to Mammoth Hot Springs , Wyoming , is plowed in winter . See an interactive map of Yellowstone National Park If you go : Park admission is $ 25 for a private , non-commercial vehicle , $ 20 for a snowmobile or motorcycle and $ 12 for visitors ages 16 and older arriving via foot , bike , skis , etc. . Passes are valid for seven days and grant admission to Grand Teton National Park .  Save your receipt for proof of payment . Permits are required for boating , fishing , backcountry camping and weddings . For a day trip , do n't miss : Canyon Village , in the center of the park . While Old Faithful Geyser is the big draw for first-time visitors to Yellowstone , it can take the whole day to enjoy and get around the geyser basin where it 's located . Hottle likes to send people about 25 miles away to Canyon Village , which features the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone . Formed by the Yellowstone River , the canyon is about 20 miles long with widths ranging from 1,500 to 4,000 feet and depths of 800 to 1,200 feet . It 's also fairly young , estimated to be between 10,000 to 14,000 years old . "  I think it 's the prettiest part of the park , " Hottle said . "  It 's got bears , elk , bison , wolves . If you 're going to see any animal , you 're going to see it in the middle of the park . " If you 're determined to see Old Faithful , do n't miss the nearby Grand Prismatic Spring . "  The vibrancy of the colors around the spring are created by natural bacteria , " Hottle said . "  Those are quintessential colors of science and Yellowstone . " Favorite less-traveled spot : Hottle 's favorite spot does n't have a name . It 's in the northeast corner of the park , just outside Lamar Valley and near Cooke City , Montana . About 55 miles from his home in Mammoth Hot Springs , Wyoming , "  it 's the most rugged and mountainous part of the park , " he said . "  It feels like you 're in the Swiss Alps with rugged young mountains that pop up , getting most of the snowfall in the park and raging rivers . There are n't a lot of visitors . " His family hikes there year-round , snowshoes and skis there in the winter and has picnics there in the summer . "  It 's where we see the most wildlife , " he said . Favorite spot to view wildlife : The rangers will tell you that anytime you go off trail anywhere in the park , there 's a good chance you 'll spot wildlife . Still , Hottle likes his chances on the drive through Blacktail Plateau . Early in the morning or later in the evening , when he 's driving the only car on the road , Hottle likes to stop at a pullout about halfway to Lamar Valley , where he can sometimes hear wolves howling . He does n't have to hike more than one or two miles for a good chance to see a wolf pack or any of other animals that live in the park . Although the spot is well-known in the wolf watching and backcountry hiking community , he said , "  most people would drive right through it . " Most magical moment in the park : He remembers a moment with a five-point bull elk at Phantom Lake in 2011 . Near Blacktail Plateau , the lake usually fills during the spring melt and dries up by July . But sometimes it can last throughout the summer . As the sun was setting , "  I sat down on a rock to look at the water , heard a snorting noise and saw a five-point bull elk swim out into the water in front of me , " he said . "  I just saw his great big eyes and heard his breathing , swimming almost silently . " Hottle watched the elk swim to the side of the lake and climb out of the water . "  He shook himself off -- he weighed 700 pounds maybe -- and ran over the other side of the road into the trees . Before he disappeared into those trees , he looked at me . A wildlife-to-human moment . " Watch the elk swim through Phantom Lake Funniest moment at the park : Moments after he spotted that bull elk , a tourist asked him , "  Where 's the wildlife ? " Every day , people come up to him and ask him that question , and "  behind them are 30 elk " or other wild animals , he says . "  I think that 's pretty funny . " "  You can drive around for two weeks and not see a bear , and then three show up in my front yard , " he said . "  You just get lucky . " A ranger 's request : Do n't try to admire the wildlife and scenery while driving . "  We have so many vehicle accidents here because  people  are trying to see the whole thing through their windshields while they 're driving , " Hottle said . "  I do n't take my eyes off the cars passing me for a second , and everyone is in their cars with their heads turned sideways . " Do n't stop in the middle of the road , either , although visitors often do . "  You can start your own traffic jam , " he said . Instead , stop in pullouts and park your car to admire the spectacular natural landscape . Another request : Stay away from large animals . For three months in the summer , park rangers use orange cones to block off elk calves resting in the grass . "  Female elk with calves can take people out , " Hottle said . Another park he likes to visit : Glacier National Park . Even though it 's next door in Montana , it 's a nine-hour drive for Hottle and his family to get there . "  It 's just spectacular , " he said . "  There 's a wildness about Glacier that makes it even more dangerous and adventurous than Yellowstone , " he said . "  You can step off the road and walk five minutes into the woods and be completely lost . If you step away from your car , make sure have your GPS and radio and bear spray . " What national park would you like to visit ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	The nation 's first national park has a history of veterans working in its ranks The Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone is a highlight of Canyon Village The changing colors of Grand Prismatic Spring 's steam are due to bacteria
CNN  -- iReporter Nnadozie John Igbokwe sent photos of his mother 's traditional Igbo wedding ceremony . Igbokwe , 22 , who lives in Belgium , took the pictures at the wedding of his mother Tina Chenenye Ubatu to Ubatu Peter at Umuahia in Abia state in February this year . The traditional ceremony is called Igbankwu , or wine carrying , because it involves the bride carrying a cup of palm wine to her groom . Igbokwe said that prior to the ceremony itself the groom must visit the bride 's compound with his father and ask the bride 's father 's permission to marry her . In this case , the bride 's brother took the place of her late father . On a second visit , when a meal is served , the two fathers must discuss a symbolic price for the bride . "  The bride 's price is negotiated between the fathers . In most cases there is only a symbolic price to be paid for the bride , in addition to other prerequisites such as kola nuts , goats , chicken , wine , " said Igbokwe . "  Usually it takes more than one evening before the final bride 's price is settled , offering guests from both sides a glamorous feast . " Another evening is taken up when the settlement is paid , before the day of the ceremony itself . Describing the wedding day itself , Igbokwe said : "  The bride 's father fills a cup  Iko  with palm wine and passes it on to the girl while the groom finds a place between the guests . "  It is the custom for her to look for her husband while being distracted by the invitees . Only after she has found the groom , offered the cup to him and he has sipped the wine , is the couple married traditionally . "  During this ceremony , there is also the nuptial dance where the couple dances , while guests wish the newly weds prosperity by throwing money around them or putting bills on their forehead . "	Before a traditional Igbo wedding can take place , the fathers negotiate a symbolic price for the bride The bride carries a cup of palm wine to her groom during the ceremony Guests throw money once the ceremony is completed
Michaela Cross , an American student at the University of Chicago , has written a powerful account of her study abroad trip to India last year , during which she says she experienced relentless sexual harassment , groping and worse . Upon her return , she says she was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and is now on a mental leave of absence from the school after a public breakdown in the spring . Cross , a fair-skinned , red-haired South Asian studies major , titled her story "  India : The Story You Never Wanted to Hear . " She posted her account on CNN iReport under the username RoseChasm . Her story has struck a chord around the world , racking up more than 800,000 page views as of Wednesday morning . It quickly found its way to India , where many readers sympathized with the story and men felt compelled to apologize for the experience she endured . Others called for greater perspective and warned against making generalizations about India or its people . Reaction : Indian women feel sorrow , anger at U.S. student 's harassment claims India 's deadly gang rape of a 23-year-old woman in New Delhi happened a few days after Cross left India in December , and she said that helped others understand what she and her classmates went through . The country has continued to see several high-profile cases of rape and sexual violence cases since then , and the government has introduced tougher laws and punishment for sexual crimes . Keeping chivalry alive in India : Men respond to rape crisis On her return , Cross struggled to find a way to talk about a cultural experience that was both beautiful and traumatizing , she said in her essay . She writes : "  Do I tell them about our first night in the city of Pune , when we danced in the Ganesha festival , and leave it at that ? Or do I go on and tell them how the festival actually stopped when the American women started dancing , so that we looked around to see a circle of men filming our every move ? "  Do I tell them about bargaining at the bazaar for beautiful saris costing a few dollars a piece , and not mention the men who stood watching us , who would push by us , clawing at our breasts and groins ? "  When people compliment me on my Indian sandals , do I talk about the man who stalked me for 45 minutes after I purchased them , until I yelled in his face in a busy crowd ? " "  How it feels to be a woman in India " Later , she writes : "  For three months I lived this way , in a traveler 's heaven and a woman 's hell . I was stalked , groped , masturbated at ; and yet I had adventures beyond my imagination . I hoped that my nightmare would end at the tarmac , but that was just the beginning . " A university spokesman confirmed Cross is a student at the school and would not comment on her mental leave . He said the school is committed to students ' safety at home and abroad . Cross said she did n't say anything to the professors on the trip until things reached "  a boiling point " -- what she called two rape attempts in 48 hours . Should solo female travelers avoid India ? Dipesh Chakrabarty , a University of Chicago professor who was in India for the first three weeks of the session , told CNN that he was unaware of Cross ' situation . He noted , though , that the university tries to prepare students for what they might encounter while abroad . The Civilizations Abroad in India program was based in the city of Pune , but the students traveled to other areas during the semester . "  Both faculty and staff in Chicago and our local Indian staff counsel students before and during the trip about precautions they need to take in a place like India , " Chakrabarty said in an e-mail . "  Ensuring student safety and well-being is the top priority of both the College and staff and faculty associated with the program . " The university provided this statement to CNN : "  Nothing is more important to us at the University of Chicago than caring for the safety and well-being of our students , here in Chicago and wherever they go around the world in the course of their studies . The University offers extensive support and advice to students before , during and after their trips abroad , and we are constantly assessing and updating that preparation in light of events and our students ' experiences . We also place extremely high value on the knowledge our students seek by traveling and studying other civilizations and cultures , and we are committed to ensuring they can do so in safety while enriching their intellectual lives . " From India : A different view Her story sparked a wave of reaction online , with scores of Indians responding , many with sympathy to her plight and pointing out that Indian women also experience high levels of harassment and abuse . Arvind Rao , a media professional in Mumbai , was moved to post this comment on her story : "  It thoroughly disgusts me to be known as an Indian male ... An apology is extremely meager for all the trauma you 've gone through . " He expressed hope that politicians would "  wake up and implement stricter laws against crime and sexual harassment on women . " "  Every time my girlfriend goes out alone , I pray that she comes back home safely , " wrote a commenter using the name Jajabar . "  Being an Indian male , I apologize . " Others , however , observed that sexual harassment was by no means confined to India , and Indian commenter Sam1967 warned against condemning his home country when so many others failed to protect the women living within their borders . "  I accept what happened was definitely an embarrassment and a cause of trauma for her that might haunt her for the rest of her life . But this has happened in many other countries or places and therefore it may not be the right thing to single out India . " ` She could have been me ' : Action urged after Delhi gang rape Another woman who said she was on the same University of Chicago sponsored trip to India , posted a response on CNN iReport calling on people to resist stereotyping Indian men and recognize that sexual assault happens all over the world . The student , Katherine Stewart , said she dealt with her own share of harassment on the trip , but "  in my experiences in India , I have met a solid handful of warm and honest Indian men -- men who are also college students , men who also love the thrill of riding on a motorcycle in the busy streets , men who defended me at necessary times , and men who took the time to get to know me and my culture . And that should not at all be surprising . " Stewart said she believed Cross "  had every right to tell her story " and in no way wanted to lessen the significance of her experience . But Stewart , who is black , cautioned that "  when we do not make the distinction that only some men of a population commit a crime , we develop a stereotype for an entire population . And when we develop a negative stereotype for a population , what arises ? Racism . " One thing is certain : Cross sparked a huge discussion with a story that she thought no one wanted to hear . She said she is thankful for her experiences in India , and wants to see more international exposure about what women travelers and residents endure . "  Truth is a gift , a burden , and a responsibility . And I mean to share it , " she writes . "  This is the story you do n't want to hear when you ask me about India . But this is the story you need . "	U.S. college student Michaela Cross spent three months abroad in India She says she and others faced repeated sexual harassment in India She was diagnosed with PTSD and is now on a leave of absence She shared her story to make others more aware
London  CNN  Actor and writer Stephen Fry confirmed Tuesday via Twitter that he plans to marry his partner , named in UK media as 27-year-old Elliott Spencer . Fry , a prolific tweeter with more than 8 million followers , made the announcement after a report in Britain 's Sun newspaper -- saying he was very happy . According to UK media reports , Fry plans to marry in Dereham , in the county of Norfolk , where he 's from . The news was apparently well received by his legion of fans . Same-sex marriage became legal in England and Wales last March . Fry , who appears in Peter Jackson 's "  Hobbit " movies , has been a familiar face on TV screens for years , as well being the author of several books . He starred with actor Hugh Laurie in the comedy series "  A Bit of Fry and Laurie , " "  Jeeves and Wooster " and "  Blackadder , " as well as hosting the comedy quiz show "  QI . " In 2008 , he made the six-part BBC series "  Stephen Fry in America , " in which he visited all 50 states . Fry has spoken openly about his struggles with manic depression and his diagnosis of bipolar disorder , as well as being an advocate for gay rights .	Stephen Fry says he 's very happy but had hoped for a private wedding Same-sex marriage has been legal in England and Wales since March 2014
CNN  -- If your Christmas is too often one of tacky decorations , over-cooked turkey and bitter family feuds , now may be the time to put the baubles back in the attic and plan yourself a yuletide getaway . To help you along , we offer our top picks for the most Christmassy places around the world . Lapland , Finland While legends dating as far back as the 1820 's may cite the North Pole as the official home of Santa Claus and his jolly missus , Finns would have us believe otherwise . For them , Rovaniemi , Lapland , located just north of the Arctic Circle , is Christmas headquarters . Here , children can make gingerbread cookies with Mrs. Claus , enroll in Elf School , or take a calligraphy class and learn to compose their Christmas wish-lists with a traditional quill . Other area attractions include the Ranua Zoo -- home to baby polar bears , wolverines , and moose ; Sirmakko reindeer farm , where visitors can take a sled-led reindeer safari ; and the Arktikum , a science center where the mystery and the magic of the Northern Lights is revealed . Those in search of a truly frosty experience can stay in the Arctic Snow Hotel , made entirely of snow and ice , but equipped with saunas and hot tubs in which to thaw . Send us your best festive images Strasbourg , France Strasbourg 's series of themed Christmas villages morph the city into a visual and gastronomic wonderland . Hedonists can head to the Village of Alsace Farmhouse to taste prune , apricot , and other holiday-inspired variations of farm-fresh foie gras . The nearby Village of Bredle is supplied aplenty with its namesake traditional Christmas biscuits and copious amounts of mulled Alsatian wine to wash them down with . From the Strasbourg Philharmonic , to gospel , to Django-Reinhardt inspired gypsy jazz , Strasbourg 's Christmas program is packed with concerts and a special selection of cultural events from Georgia , the guest country of Strasbourg 's Christmas celebrations this year . Quebec , Canada If you 're the type of person who likes to celebrate Christmas around a tree made from recycled sheet metal , with lights powered by the pedaling of nearby cyclists , then Quebec is your destination . A haven for environmentally friendly , outdoor enthusiasts , the city bustles with activity , offering a holiday program for all tastes . Modern-day Victorians can enjoy a candle-lit evening of stories from Charles Dickens , detailing the Christmas traditions of yore . Sausage and roast chestnut lovers can browse the wares at the German Christmas market , and the more religiously inclined can wander exposition of nativity scenes from around the world . The nearby Sentier des Caps de Charlevoix offers family-friendly hiking , snowshoeing and skiing , while speed devils can spend the day zooming around in a snowmobile from Nord Expe , Inc. . What do you know about quirky Christmas traditions ? San Miguel de Allende , Mexico Piñatas , posadas and ponche sum up the festivities in this colorful Mexican city , where Christmas is both a solemn and a celebratory affair . Leading up to December 24 , you 're likely to stumble upon Mary and Joseph strolling the streets , as locals make pilgrimages from home to home , singing to "  ask for posada " or "  beg for shelter " as they re-enact the journey to Bethlehem . Ponche - a mulled fruit drink - and piñatas cap a long evening of peregrinations around this cobblestoned city , which was recently designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its wealth of grand churches , well-preserved architecture , and grand zocalos , or sweeping public squares , replete with romance and old world charm . Dyker Heights , Brooklyn Yes , New York City has The Rockettes , the 5th Avenue windows and , the ice rink at Rockefeller Center , all which make it a terrific , tinsel-studded holiday destination . The more curious , however , should venture out to Brooklyn for a slightly more off the cuff , yet equally ostentatious gander at how New Yorkers do Christmas . The proudly and predominantly Italian-American residents from roughly 11th to 13th Avenue and from 83rd to 86th Street have an unspoken agreement to one-up each other with holiday decorations which , much to the mirth of passersby , often results in two-story Santas , armies of 30-foot wooden soldiers , over-sized animatronic toys , motorized carousels , and enough nutcrackers to make Tchaikovsky twinkle with delight . Wander this winter wonderland on your own , or with a tour organized by long-time resident , Tony Muia , which includes a cannoli and a hot chocolate from a Brooklyn bakery . Lalibela , Ethiopia Roughly 200 miles north of Addis Ababa is Lalibela ; a small old town of 20,000 residents which is home to 11 monolithic churches . Dating as far back as the 12th century and carved out of striking red-color blocks of volcanic rock , the churches have been excavated from under the ground , and are connected by a complex and sometimes claustrophobic network of tunnels and passageways . Declared a "  new Jerusalem " after the real Jerusalem was captured by Muslim forces in 1187 and Ethiopian Christians could no longer go there , Lalibela remains a very religious place . Coptic Christmas  January 7  mass at Bet Medhane Alem - the largest monolithic church in the world - is an occasion on which hundreds of priests in white turbans , adorned with red sashes and gold scarves chant , sway , and pray , surrounded by trenches flooded with some 50,000 worshipers , for whom this is a sacred place of pilgrimage . See also : Five real life winter wonderlands Barcelona , Spain If you can manage to extend your Christmas holiday until Three King 's Day ,  January 6  there is no better place to catch up with Melchior , Gaspar and Balthasar than Barcelona . On the evening of January 5 , they arrive at the city 's port on the the Santa Eulàlia - their very own ship - in bearded and velvet robed splendor . Canons are fired , fireworks are set off , and as the mayor hands them the keys to the city , the magic of the Magi officially commences . They parade through the streets in a magnificent cavalcade of floats which includes camels , elephants , giraffes , and dazzling costumes Manila , Philippines Though spending Christmas on a beach may sound like bliss , sipping an endless supply of cocktails in the sand may soon feel like it 's lacking in holiday spirit . A trip to the Philippines lets you have it all . Known as the country with "  the longest Christmas season in the world , " Filipinos get the Christmas festivities rolling in September , and extend them well through January . As the only Asian country with a predominantly Christian population , its cities and islands are festooned with nativities , lantern parades , and Christmas bazaars . While the Chocolate Hills of Bohol or the beaches of Boracay may prove a more relaxing option , spend at least a day in the capital , where this December , the Manila Hotel is turning its Grand Lobby into a fairytale worthy of Clara and Fritz . Soak up your share of sugar plum fairies , gingerbread clocks and weekend performances of The Nutcracker by Prima Ballerina Lisa Macuja-Elizalde , before escaping to the sun . See also : The Philippines shows the world how to celebrate Christmas Queenstown , New Zealand The traditional Christmas colors of red , green and white take on an entirely new meaning in New Zealand , where red represents the "  pohutukawa "  New Zealand 's ruby-red flowering Christmas tree  , white represents the pristine sandy beaches , and green ? The kiwi , of course ! Sun-lovers who want to join Santa in his surf shorts should definitely head to Queenstown , where warm summer temperatures mean you can jetboat , river surf , or paraglide on Lake Wakatipu , or simply set up camp along the lakefront and enjoy a hearty Christmas meal of lamb , seafood , and chicken on the barbie .	CNN picks ten top destinations in which to spend Christmas around the world Lapland , New York and Amsterdam all offer their very own take on the Christmas holiday experience Mexico , the Philippines and Ethiopia offer a warmer , but no less cultural , alternative
Cairo  CNN  -- Muslim-Christian sectarian violence intensified in Egypt this weekend , spurring an emergency meeting of the Cabinet and public exhortations from Coptic Christians for international protection . At least 12 people were killed and 232 others were wounded in sectarian clashes outside a Cairo church , according to state TV . Officials said violence began over rumors that a Christian woman who converted to Islam was being held at the church against her will . Prime Minister Essam Sharaf postponed a trip to Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates to discuss the church attack and hold the emergency meeting , according to EgyNews , Egypt 's official news agency . A small group of Coptic Christians gathering near the U.S. Embassy in Cairo on Sunday called for international protection of Egypt 's Christian community and condemned the government for not doing more to protect them . Reporter 's Notebook : Mere steps ahead of an angry Cairo mob Small groups composed of Christians and Muslims engaged in heated debate sectarian tensions mounted , but they were peaceful . Soldiers stood in a line across the road to prevent protesters from approaching the U.S. embassy . In the Cairo neighborhood of Maspiro , violence erupted when several hundred people , predominantly Christian but also Muslims , demonstrated in favor of national unity in front of the TV building . Stones were hurled and people threw bricks from rooftops on predominantly Christian protesters . Some people were injured . Chants could be heard of "  with our souls and blood we will sacrifice ourselves for the cross . " Military riot police with red helmets and clubs separated mutually hostile crowds . Problems between Egypt 's Muslim majority and its Coptic Christian minority have been on the rise in recent months , with a number of violent clashes reported between the two groups . Tensions flared after a recently-published U.S. government report on international religious freedom detailed the hostility targeting the minority Copts in the predominantly Muslim society . During clashes on Saturday , witnesses said an armed group of Muslims marched on Saint Mena Coptic Orthodox Church , one of the oldest churches in Egypt . Witnesses said Muslims and Christians exchanged gunfire , sending people running for cover . "  With my own eyes I saw three people killed and dozens injured , " said Mina Adel , a Christian resident . "  There 's no security here . There 's a big problem . People attacked us , and we have to protect ourselves . " There were conflicting reports about who attacked the church . Some witnesses said the group was made up of Muslim fundamentalists , known as Salafists . Others , including Interior Ministry spokesman Alla Mahmoud , said it was angry Muslims from a nearby mosque . Mahmoud said the clashes were sparked by reports of a Christian woman who married a Muslim man and was allegedly being held inside the church . Military , special forces and riot police were called in to try to break up the violence , firing warning shots in the air , according to witnesses . At the same time , at the nearby Coptic Church of the Holy Virgin , firefighters responded to a blaze that witnesses said appeared to have been started by the members of the same group that attacked the other church . Hundreds of residents in the working class neighborhood of Imbaba stood outside as the church burned and two men were seen jumping from a window of the building , according to witnesses . Across the street , residents standing outside the Al Wehda mosque blamed "  thugs " for the violence . "  It was thugs who burned the church , not Salafists  fundamentalists  , " said Jamal El Banan . "  We never had such sedition before the revolution . " Tensions were high in the neighborhood following the clashes , with soldiers firing shots into the air overnight to break up the crowd , witnesses said . CNN senior international correspondent Ben Wedeman , based in Cairo , described the crowd as "  very hostile , " saying he was forced to leave the neighborhood after his vehicle was targeted with rocks . A Coptic church in the town of Alexandria was bombed on New Year 's Day , killing 23 people -- the deadliest attack on Christians in Egypt in recent times . Ten days later , a gunman killed a Christian man and wounded five others on a train in Egypt . In November , a group with ties to al Qaeda in Iraq announced that all Christians in the Middle East would be "  legitimate targets , " as the group 's deadline for Egypt 's Coptic church to release alleged Muslim female prisoners expired . The group 's claim that the Coptic Church in Egypt is holding female prisoners is based on widespread rumors of Coptic women in Egypt converting to Islam and being detained by the church in an attempt to compel or persuade them to return to their original faith . About 9 % of Egypt 's 80 million residents are Coptic Christians . They base their theology on the teachings of the Apostle Mark , who introduced Christianity to Egypt , according to St. Takla Church in Alexandria , the capital of Coptic Christianity . The religion split with other Christians in the 5th century over the definition of the divinity of Jesus Christ . The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom , an independent bipartisan federal agency , last month added Egypt to a list of countries named as the worst violators of religious freedom . "  The Egyptian government engaged in and tolerated religious freedom violations before and after President Hosni Mubarak stepped down on February 11 , 2001 , " the commissioners wrote in the report . They cited violence toward religious minorities in Egypt including Coptic Christians and non-majority Muslim groups . "  Since February 11 , religious freedom conditions have not improved and attacks targeting religious minorities have continued , " the report said . The group said Egypt was put on the list of "  Countries of Particular Concern " for "  a number of very specific reasons but one that was a particular concern to the commissioners was the issue of impunity , " commission chair Leonard Leo told reporters at a Washington news conference about the report . One benchmark the commission looked at for Egypt , Leo said , was the trial following the Naga Hammadi shootings , which involved a massacre on the day Coptic Christians celebrate their Christmas Eve services . "  That , for us , was a very important signal the impunity issue was getting worse and not better . When you combine that with other conditions that have existed , particularly various elements of state sponsored repression , we believe there was sufficient grounds for triggering the  International Religious Freedom  act standard , which is a systematic , egregious violations of the freedom of religion , " Leo said . Elizabeth Prodromou , a vice-chair of the commission , said the group noted "  both a qualitative , as well as a quantitative , deterioration in religious freedom issues in Egypt . " "  In particular , we saw a dramatic uptick in targeted religious violence , primarily against the Coptic Orthodox community , but also against the Roman Catholic community and other Christian communities , " she said . The commission recommended that the U.S. military direct some of the "  existing military assistance " to protecting Coptic Christians and other religious minorities , in addition to diplomatic efforts to pressure the new government with reform measures . CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report	NEW : Copts rally for international protection At least 190 arrested , state media says Witnesses : The Egyptian military fires shots into the air to break up a crowd Clashes erupt over rumor of a woman held against her will , an official says
CNN  -- Libya 's transition from autocratic to democratic rule will be a delicate one that will not occur overnight , observers told CNN Monday as rebel forces appeared to solidify their hold on Tripoli . The National Transitional Council , founded months ago in the rebel stronghold of Benghazi , is likely to move to Tripoli once the capital is secured , said Mansour El-Kikhia , a Libyan scholar and dissident who is associate professor and chairman of the Department of Political Science and Geography at the University of Texas at San Antonio . The NTC is working to minimize revenge killings , though some have already occurred , said El-Kikhia , who cited conversations earlier in the day with NTC members as his source . "  If you are put in jail by somebody and you were tortured , you 're going to remember the person who kidnapped you , " he said . "  It 's very difficult to control them . " Efforts are under way to arrest leaders of the Gadhafi regime and put them into protective custody , he said . "  You find lots of hatred , " he said . But , he added , "  they have to be fairly tried . I assure you that the intention of the  council  is to apply the rule of law . " He said that would not be a tough sell to the Libyan people . After experiencing more than 40 years of lawlessness , "  you begin to appreciate the law , " he said . "  There was nothing wrong with the law Gadhafi had ; he just never applied it . " Asked how Libya will look in six months , he said , "  Much better than it does today . ... At least you will have some law and order , you will have some accountability , constitutional frameworks , institutions that can be held accountable . " Some NTC members are already in Tripoli , said El-Kikhia , who was planning to return next month to Tripoli for what would be his first visit to the capital in 30 years . "  I 'm elated , " he said . Rebels are working on a draft constitution that is based on the constitution that was in place before Gadhafi took power nearly 42 years ago , he said . Under one scenario , the NTC will continue to work for the next nine months to finish the constitution and hold elections . An alternative also under consideration is for the council to disband and call new elections within three months to form a new government , he said . There is concern about the NTC continuing to lead the new government during any transition because its members are self-selected and drawn largely from eastern Libya . At least 20 senior members of the council were meeting Monday in Doha , Qatar , to plan the move to Tripoli within a few days , said Omar Turbi , a computer company executive in Laguna Beach , California , who was born in Libya and works closely with the Transitional National Council in an unofficial capacity . The council is working to establish television and radio stations to send messages of democracy to the populace , he said . He said the council membership was planning to increase its numbers from a few dozen to about 200 in order to more fully represent the country . But the overall transition to a democracy will take at least two years , he said . "  You can not transition between a nondemocratic system to a reasonably accessible democratic system in less than 24 months , " he said . "  I think we could live with that . " He said nongovernmental organizations like the National Endowment for Democracy would prove critical to helping push the process forward . A key element to building a civil society will be the planned creation of a committee to be composed of a chairman and 14 ministers who will establish contacts with the technocrats who have run the country under Gadhafi , he said . "  Many of them are honest , great people who know the lay of the land and what needs to be done to open airports , harbors and start communicating with the outside world , begin a process of reconciliation between tribes , " he said . He predicted that tribal rivalries will not emerge as an obstacle to democracy . "  Tribes have n't really been a major issue , " he said . "  Almost every tribe is in the game . " It will take 18 to 20 months to create a political framework for a new government , a Britain-based coordinator for Libya 's National Transitional Council said Monday . The council 's primary job is to stabilize the country and conduct temporary council elections , Guma El-Gamaty told CNN . It will write a new constitution , and the new government will likely be made up of "  Libyan nationalists , " he said . It will also include technocrats -- engineers , scientists and health professionals who will work to identify the country 's needs and re-establish its infrastructure . The council "  is going to run the country , " Ali Suleiman Aujali , the rebel government 's ambassador to the United Sates , told CNN on Monday . "  Of course , they have to take care of the security of the city and , of course , our concern now is where is Gadhafi , " he said , referring to longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi . "  We have to find out : Where is he ? " Formed this year , the council has won recognition as Libya 's legitimate government from the United States , Britain , Spain , Canada and Germany . In a symbol of its diplomatic credibility , the Libyan Embassy in Washington reopened under the control of the council . The former Libyan ambassador under Gadhafi is back in his old role , now representing the NTC . The council regards itself as an interim entity that intends to shepherd the change to a new government . Its power base has been in Benghazi , in the east . It includes representatives from throughout Libya and is headed by Mustafa Abdul Jalil , its chairman and a former justice minister under Gadhafi . The NTC has agreed to expand its membership to include "  newly liberated parts " of Libya , said Esam Omeish , director of the Libyan Emergency Task Force in Washington . It has also pledged to appoint a constitutional drafting committee , and hold legislative and presidential elections , Omeish said . He said the council chairman foresees a 10 - to 15-month transition , and said the NTC has agreed the new constitution would make Islam "  a " source of legislation , not "  the " source . Omeish spoke in July in a discussion moderated by Marina Ottaway , a Libya expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . American Libyan Council President Fadel Lamen , who spoke at the discussion , cited "  key players " who would influence the transition . He said the NTC is the "  main player in the transition , and a consensus has formed around both it and the leadership of Abdul Jalil . " But Lamen said it faces challenges because it is "  an umbrella group composed of a number of smaller groups with differing agendas . " If it does not evolve and become more representative , Lamen warned , the NTC could be swept aside . Other entities likely to prove influential during the transition are councils in Benghazi , Misrata and smaller towns . Lamen also cited a group of lawyers called Coalition of 17th of February . "  They claim revolutionary legitimacy , " yet their consistent challenges to the NTC could undermine the transition , he said . He noted that Islamists , such as the Muslim Brotherhood , are a "  well-organized , " but small group . "  The Muslim Brothers in Libya are more traditional , closer to their Egyptian counterparts than to their more liberal Tunisian brethren , " he said . "  They seek an undefined moderate Islamist state with an active civil society . " Lamen also cited "  older regime elements , " including "  technocrats of the old regime , the military , the revolution committees and professional syndicates . " Saad Djebbar , a lawyer who negotiated the release in Scotland two years ago of Abdelbaset al-Megrahi , the man convicted of blowing up a Pan-Am flight over Lockerbie , said it is vital to establish a "  coalition of cultures " that would represent all regions , tribes and factions to ensure a stable Libya post-Gadhafi . He called on the international community to facilitate that coalition because "  Libyans do n't have the expertise to do it . " The rebellion was aided by a campaign of airstrikes by the NATO alliance , acting under a U.N. mandate to protect civilians from government reprisals . As rebel fighters pushed into Tripoli , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said the international community would help them usher in a new beginning . "  Now is the time to create a new Libya -- a state based on freedom , not fear ; democracy , not dictatorship ; the will of the many , not the whims of a few , " he said Sunday in a statement . "  That transition must come peacefully . It must come now . And it must be led and defined by the Libyan people . " There has been friction in the council , illustrated this month by Jalil 's dismissal of the rebels ' 14-member executive board . The council acts as the opposition 's "  legislative branch , " the State Department said in its background notes on Libya . The council had initially appointed an executive committee , headed by Mahmoud Jibril , to oversee interim issues . But Jalil dismissed the board after the killing late last month of the rebel government 's military commander , Gen. Abdel Fattah Younis . His death played a role in the board members ' ouster , said Shamsiddin Abdulmolah , the council 's media director . Younis and two other rebels were killed after the NTC sought to question him about allegations that he or those close to him were maintaining ties to Gadhafi , Younis ' supporters have said . Jalil commissioned Jibril to move quickly to submit new names to be considered for a new board , Abdulmolah said , but no deadline was mentioned . In July , rebel military council member Mohammad Ethish released a statement that appeared to imply that Gadhafi loyalists had something to do with Younis ' killing . A one-time general in Gadhafi 's army , Younis told CNN in February that he had switched sides after Gadhafi told him he planned to bomb Benghazi -- a move he said would have killed thousands of civilians . Steven Cook of the Council on Foreign Relations cautioned Sunday that rebels still have a "  very , very long way to go . " "  They 're confronted with a situation where they have to build the Libyan state from the ground up , " he said . "  Who is going to pick up the pieces ? How unified are they going to be ? "	The NTC is trying to minimize revenge killings , a Libyan dissident says Libya 's rebel government : It will take 18 to 20 months to create a political framework Several entities will have influence in a post-Gadhafi world , an analyst says The council 's chairman recently dismissed the rebels ' executive board
Some call Makoko the "  Venice of Africa " . But while the intricate waterways may replicate the layout of the picturesque Italian city , living conditions could hardly be more contrasting . Makeshift houses with corrugated iron roofs balance precariously atop stilts . Down below , narrow wooden boats act as a form of aquatic taxi ferrying goods and people around the bustling community . Nobody knows the exact population of this slum district of Lagos but it is estimated to be as high as 100,000 . What 's sure is that few tourists will come here to take a romantic gondola trip beneath the night sky , moonlight bouncing off the water onto informal shacks . There is little by the way of a sewer system meaning all sorts of pungent smells are sure to puncture the nostrils . On top of that , law enforcement agencies rarely enter the slum with security left to groups of young men known locally as the "  Area Boys . " A lens on home For photographer Sulayman Afose , however , the muddy waters of Makoko have always been home . The aspiring 24-year-old was born , raised and continues to live in this chaotic floating district . As such , it is one of the subjects he feels most comfortable turning his ever more popular lens on . "  I started my photography here in Makoko , " Afose told CNN when we meet at the plush surrounds of the 2014 Lagos Photo Festival . "  It 's really inspiring ... . I 've been able to get a lot of inspiration in terms of seeing a lot of things in my community , " he added . Afose 's career has really begun to take off in recent years . After learning his craft in workshops put on by the African Artists Foundation he went on to study photojournalism at the Nigerian Institute of Journalism . He 's since had photos exhibited at various national arts and photography festivals as well as appearing in numerous international magazines and publications . International collaboration Afose has even worked alongside the respected Spanish photographer Cristina De Middel . "  I am  happy to see some of my work published , " he said . "  And to see the fact of my name written on the pictures is something very great . " Yet despite the international recognition , its the daily hustle and bustle of Makoko that continues to inspire Afose . He explains that his knowledge of the local customs , attitudes and the people who live there gives him an edge over those who may come from outside to document life in the community . "  To tell the story with this  holding up a camera  , you have to know who this guy is  pointing to a man in a photograph  . " Just by looking at him , "  is he happy or is he not happy ? You have to try to know what it is all about . "  You ca n't just pick up your camera and start shooting , " he said . Here and now Then there 's the skill vital for any photojournalist to develop , the handy knack of being in the right place at the right time . Afose was rapidly on the spot when a fire that tore through part of Makoko in 2013 . The scenes were horrific but the images Afose captured told the story and brought some of the harsh realities of life in the slum to the outside world . They appeared in numerous publications in print and online . "  The fire was caused by a generator and it burned a lot of houses in the community , " Afose explained . "  I had the opportunity to get there at the right time and try document what the scene was all about , what caused the scene  and  what caused the fire outbreak , " he added . It is likely the Makoko fire would n't have garnered as much attention in the national and international press without Afose 's timely and grabbing images . The experience has made him even more aware of the importance of having local people tell the story of the community there . So much so that it has inspired him on to his next challenge . "  I want to go further , I want to know more , " he said . When pushed on what this means , he added , "  you know , maybe having a university degree  so I can  come back to the community and teach people ... to become what I am today . " Maybe then the outside world will be able to appreciate even more of life in Makoko through the sharp-shooting eyes of its residents .	Photographer Sulayman Afose specializes in capturing life in the Makoko neighborhood of Lagos The 24-year-old was born , raised and still lives in the floating slum Afose says this gives him an edge over photographers who come to document the area from elsewhere
Actor and director Clint Eastwood made the day of the GOP faithful at the Republican National Convention when he gave a surprise speech Thursday night in which he laid out what he sees as the good , the bad and the ugly state of American political affairs . And he did it all while addressing an "  invisible " President Barack Obama sitting in an empty chair . Eastwood , who played the iconic tough guy character "  Dirty Harry " during his long career in Hollywood , fired up the party base when he said he cried when Obama was elected and cried even harder years later when millions were out of work . TIME.com : Best Eastwood-related tweets "  It 's a national disgrace , " Eastwood said . "  It may be time for someone else to come along and solve the problem . " CNN Facebook poll : Did Eastwood make your day with his speech ? At times , Eastwood sent the crowd into laughing fits when he pretended Obama was offering colorful objections . "  What do you want me to tell Romney ? " Eastwood asked the empty chair . "  I ca n't tell him to do that to himself ... you 're getting as bad as Biden ... of course we all know Biden is the intellect of the Democratic Party . Kind of a grin with a body behind it ... " The RNC had left room for a "  mystery guest " on its Thursday schedule and announced Thursday that Eastwood would speak . Late Thursday afternoon , Eastwood walked through the convention floor for a brief rundown of the night 's events . His ad-libbed speech later in the evening was decidedly political , bitingly satirical and more than a bit , well ... rambling . CNNMoney.com : Eastwood 's inflated unemployment count "  I think if you just step aside and Mr. Romney can kind of take over . You can maybe still use a plane , " Eastwood said . Seconds after Eastwood finished his speech , the Twittersphere was buzzing with response . Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia 's Center for Politics tweeted : "  I 'd feel better if I knew for sure that Clint does n't see anyone in the chair . : " Comedian Roseanne Barr tweeted : "  clint eastwood is CRAY " Actor George Takei tweeted that he could use the Eastwood tactic at next week 's Democratic National Convention . "  I 'm drafting a DNC speech to imaginary Romney in an empty factory , " Takei 's tweet said . Actress Mia Farrow tweeted that she thought Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , who introduced Mitt Romney later in the evening , was the night 's best speaker -- with one problem : "  Rude to ignore invisible Obama sitting right there . " The Twitter handle "  Invisible Obama , " which said it was sitting "  Stage left of Clint Eastwood , " quipped that "  The GOP built me . " An hour after Eastwood 's speech , it already had 20,000 followers . The move spawned a new trend with people posting photos of themselves pointing at empty chairs with the hashtag "  eastwooding . " Comedy Central 's Indecision Tumblr posted a summary that read : "  I was talking to Barack Obama the other day . ... Potato . Sneaker . Fish . Pizza . Algebra . Racecar . " Comedic takes on Eastwood 's speech went viral and all of a sudden , what might have been for some younger viewers a ho-hum speech by an octogenarian actor became both a national joke and a means to engage in the political process , political experts said . "  It was campaign malpractice that the Romney managers sent out a dithering , clueless Clint Eastwood . The Romney campaign will be lucky if Eastwood 's antics do n't linger as a national punch line , " Sabato wrote on his "  Crystal Ball " blog . Sabato also noted that fallout from Eastwood 's vaudevillian like schtick overshadowed "  Sen. Marco Rubio , whose dazzling speech to his home state conclave might end up being as nationally invisible as the imaginary Barack Obama sitting in Clint 's stage chair . " A Romney campaign aide addressed Romney 's appearance later , saying , "  Judging an American icon like Clint Eastwood through a typical political lens does n't work . His ad-libbing was a break from all the political speeches , and the crowd enjoyed it . He rightly pointed out that 23 million Americans out of work or underemployed is a national disgrace and it 's time for a change . " Opinion : Why did GOP invite Clint Eastwood ? But political fact checkers immediately pounced on the 23 million unemployment figure . The U.S. Labor Department , says there are 12.8 million unemployed peopleâ $ " not 23 million . Eastwood , a longtime Republican , endorsed Romney at an Idaho fundraiser at the beginning of August , where he told reporters that he was backing the GOP presidential candidate "  because I think the country needs a boost somewhere . " He endorsed Sen. John McCain in the 2008 presidential election . Earlier this year during in an ad that aired during the Super Bowl , Eastwood 's familiar , sandpaper voice spoke to Americans about the nation 's economic woes . The ad featured close-up shots of factory workers and black-and-white photos of Midwest families -- images some political watchers flagged as subtly political . "  It 's halftime in America , too , " said the 81-year-old Hollywood legend . "  People are out of work , and they 're hurting . And they 're all wondering what they 're gon na do to make a comeback . And we 're all scared because this is n't a game . The people of Detroit know a little something about this . They almost lost everything . But we all pulled together , now Motor City is fighting again . " Eastwood said any implication of politics was baseless.Stars react to Clint Eastwood	Actor and director Clint Eastwood uses humor , satire to deride Obama 's performance Veteran actor addressed an empty chair in a speech that left some on Twitter baffled Eastwood , a longtime Republican , said it 's time to give Mitt Romney a shot at presidency
Washington  CNN  -- Only one percentage points separates Democrat Bruce Braley and Republican Joni Ernst in the race to represent Iowa in the U.S. Senate . If the election were held today , 49 % of likely Iowa voters say they would vote for Braley and 48 % say they would support Ernst , according to a new CNN/ORC poll . That means the contentious race is within the survey 's overall sampling error of plus or minus 4 percentage points . The electorate is far from solidified . Twenty percent of likely voters polled in Iowa said they could change their mind before Election Day in November . The Braley-Ernst race has been one of the most closely watched of the election year . With longtime Sen. Tom Harkin retiring , Democrats are fighting to keep the seat in blue hands and hope that a win in Iowa will keep the Senate in Democratic control . Republicans have other ideas , however , and hope that Ernst -- currently a state senator and lieutenant colonel in the Iowa Army National Guard -- will be able to flip the seat . With a little less than two months until Election Day , the race has already seen millions of dollars spent . According to the Center for Responsive Politics , the two candidates had spent almost $ 6 million as of July . That figure does n't include the millions that outside Republican and Democratic groups have spent on the race , either . Even with all the money spent , some likely voters are still unaware of each candidate . Six percent of likely Iowa voters are unfamiliar with Ernst , while 9 % of voters say they are unfamiliar with Braley . Partisanship appears to trump identity politics in the race , too . Most women are supporting Braley , the Democratic man , while most men are supporting Ernst , the Republican woman . The two candidates are basically flipped with likely male and female voters : Braley is winning 41 % of men and 57 % of women , while Ernst is winning 56 % of men and 41 % of women . The CNN/ORC poll was conducted September 8-10 , with 1,013 Iowa adults -- 608 likely voters -- questioned by telephone .	Democrat Bruce Braley and Republican Joni Ernst are locked in a close race Only one percentage point separates the two Millions have been spent on the closely watched race
CNN  -- Four wildfires were burning in Yellowstone National Park on Tuesday , the 25th anniversary of a devastating day in 1988 when massive wildfires in the park suddenly grew by tens of thousands of acres . The fires now burning in Yellowstone , all of them in Wyoming 's corner of the park , are minimal compared with those of 1988 , which ended up affecting almost 800,000 acres -- or 36 percent -- of park territory . The largest wildfire Tuesday was the 4,500-acre Alum Fire , burning near the center of the park near Mud Volcano . The lighting-caused fire was discovered last Wednesday and grew quickly over the weekend , but it had limited activity Tuesday , according to InciWeb , a federal website that collects information from agencies like the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management . The Alum Fire forced a temporary road closure from Canyon Village south to Fishing Bridge , but all other roads leading into and through the park , along with all campgrounds and services , were open , the park said . There were no imminent evacuations for any part of the park . Massive Yellowstone geyser puts on a surprise show The most activity Tuesday was with the Alder Fire , another lightning-caused fire that was at 3,000 acres and growing . It was burning on a peninsula at the south end of Yellowstone Lake , however , so it is hemmed in by water on three sides and by a recently burned area to the south , InciWeb said . Two other fires in Yellowstone , also caused by lightning , were modest by comparison : The Snake Fire , burning near the park 's south entrance along the boundary with Grand Teton National Park , was at 200 acres ; and the Druid Fire , near the park 's northeast entrance , was at 100 acres . A much larger fire was burning Tuesday in California in the Stanislaus National Forest , just east of Yosemite National Park . What to know about wildfires The Rim fire measured more than 10,000 acres and was 0 % contained Tuesday , InciWeb reported . It was burning in inaccessible and steep terrain , hampering firefighting efforts . The fire recently moved south over Highway 120 , in the southern part of the forest , forcing the closure of part of the road and evacuations in the nearby town of Buck Meadows . No westbound traffic was being allowed out of Yosemite because of the fire . In the summer of 1988 , more than 50 wildfires -- most of them caused by lightning -- burned at Yellowstone , marshaling the largest firefighting effort ever seen in the United States up to that time . No humans died , but about 300 large animals were killed . The first fire that year began June 14 , and new fires popped up every week , if not every day . August 20 was the worst single day of that summer ; warm and heavy winds helped the fire burn more than 150,000 acres on a day later known as "  Black Saturday . " Snow and rain finally fell Sept. 11 of that year , marking the beginning of the end of Yellowstone 's worst summer of fires . Former Marine finds home at Yellowstone CNN 's Dave Alsup and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Four wildfires burn in Yellowstone in the Wyoming section One burns in the Stanislaus National Forest near Yosemite Tuesday is the 25th anniversary of Yellowstone 's devastating "  Black Saturday "
Kabul  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai has reiterated his stance that NATO forces in Afghanistan should never make airstrikes on civilian homes , a practice that has angered many Afghans . "  As far as our responsibilities in Afghanistan are concerned , it was clearly agreed that no airstrike should be launched on the houses of Afghan people and no reason is valid for the use of it , and we totally call it disproportionate use of force , " he told reporters in Kabul on Tuesday . "  Even if NATO forces are attacked , they can not use airstrikes on civilian homes . " He said such airstrikes were "  completely banned , absolutely banned . " Karzai 's strong words followed a statement by NATO on Monday that it will no longer use airstrikes against insurgent targets in civilian homes if there are "  other means " to deal with the targets . Forces "  will continue to conduct operations against insurgents who use civilian dwellings , but when there is concern over the presence of civilians , air delivered munitions will not be employed while other means are available , " Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings said . The statement did not elaborate on what other means International Security Assistance Force commanders would use . Karzai calls casualties unacceptable The shift comes after an airstrike last week in Logar province that killed 18 people , including women and children . It was the latest of several such strikes that have upset relations between Afghanistan and the United States . Hollande : 4 French soldiers , interpreter killed in Afghanistan Karzai cut short a trip to China following the strike and summoned the commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan , Gen. John Allen , to demand an end to the strikes . He and Allen had detailed talks , the Afghan president said , in which they agreed that this kind of strike on civilian homes "  can not be repeated . " "  Afghanistan has been ... greatly troubled by civilian casualties , as you are all aware , and this has been an issue on which we have had serious tensions with our allies in NATO and the United States , " Karzai said . The strategic partnership agreement signed by Afghanistan was supposed to turn a new page in the relationship between his country and NATO , he said , and "  bring an end to bombardment of civilian homes . " NATO forces said the Logar airstrike occurred when soldiers returned fire during a mission targeting a Taliban leader . An ISAF spokesman said insurgents were killed and security forces seized weapons and explosives . The change in policy will not hinder ISAF forces from pursuing insurgents , Cummings said . "  This restriction in no way limits our ability to take the fight to the enemy , " he said . "  Air dropped munitions against civilian dwellings represent a very small percentage of all of our air operations . " Army Lt. Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti , commander of ISAF Joint Command in Afghanistan , said Monday that since January 2012 , ISAF had conducted more than 1,300 close air support operations , during which "  32 civilian compounds were damaged and five incidents of civilian casualties were confirmed . " NATO and the U.S. military apologized last month to the families and loved ones of Afghans killed in coalition airstrikes in two other villages , saying they were "  tragic and regrettable incidents . " CNN 's Ingrid Formanek and Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	NEW : Karzai : Civilian deaths causing serious tensions between Afghanistan and allies Afghan president says such strikes ca n't be used "  even if NATO forces are attacked " NATO says it will no longer use airstrikes on civilian homes if "  other means " are available The shift comes after an airstrike last week in Logar province that killed 18 people
February 10 , 2015 Economics , international politics , rocket science and careers are four subjects explored this Tuesday on CNN Student News . First up : U.S. cities like Boston are strapped for cash when it comes to their snow-removal budgets . Then , we examine why approval ratings are high for Russia 's president despite the strains on his nation 's economy . We 'll explain the big goal of an upcoming rocket launch and look at the salaries of photographers and helicopter pilots . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- It may take a lot of frequent-flier miles , a penchant for cold places , a tolerance of taxes and regular doses of chocolate , but happiness could be within reach . However , it 's not where most people might expect . Journalist Eric Weiner says he wanted to explore the relationship between place and happiness . Just ask Eric Weiner , who made it his mission to find the most content places around the globe , uncovering lots of surprises along the way . Hungering for a tropical paradise ? A warm climate does n't necessarily make a happy nation , Weiner said . Thinking of moving to a wealthy state ? Money can degrade happiness , he found . Weiner , who wrote the book , "  The Geography of Bliss : One Grump 's Search for the Happiest Places in the World , " began his quest for very personal reasons . "  I 'm an unhappy person , so it 's kind of what prompts a hungry person to search for food , " he said . Weiner spent 10 years as a foreign correspondent for National Public Radio , a job that took him to some of the least happy places in the world . It was enough to send him on a yearlong journey to look for just the opposite . Weiner mapped out his quest with a combination of scientific and personal methods , choosing some countries because they traditionally score high on happiness surveys and selecting others to see how factors like money play a role . A world map of happiness , based on 100 different studies and produced by Britain 's University of Leicester in 2006 , listed Denmark as the world 's happiest nation . But for Weiner , the place where he felt the most bliss was a toss-up between Bhutan and Iceland , countries that ranked eighth and fourth , respectively , on the happiness map . Weiner 's list of favorites also included Thailand , India and Switzerland . See photos of his favorites and listen to him explain why they 're happy " His top two picks , though very different countries , have unconventional paths to happiness , he said . "  Bhutan is probably the closest thing on Earth to Shangri-La , that fictional paradise , " Weiner explained . He pointed out that while other countries focus on their gross domestic product , the Himalayan kingdom proudly touts its policy of "  gross national happiness . " "  The Bhutanese very much believe that happiness should be part and parcel of every government decision , " Weiner said . Cold place , warm relationships Thousands of miles away , Weiner found happiness in a very different environment , marveling at the creativity and "  coziness " of Iceland . "  Everyone in Iceland is a poet , " Weiner recalled . He visited the country during winter and said he found a certain beauty in the cold and the darkness . Such a chilly climate usually encourages warm relationships , Weiner found . "  The cold inspires people to cooperate , traditionally . If you go back a few hundred years , people in cold climates have to cooperate or they die together . It 's that simple , " he said . Weiner found a different flavor of happiness in Switzerland , where he discovered people are content partly because everything runs like clockwork . Simple pleasures like trains arriving on time contributed to national happiness , he said . But there may be a much sweeter reason why Switzerland is a happy place . "  The Swiss eat a lot of chocolate , and let 's not forget that , " Weiner said . He was also impressed with how the Swiss view money . "  Their attitude is that if you 've got it , hide it . While our attitude is if you 've got it , flaunt it , " Weiner said , comparing the Swiss to Americans . Weiner called the United States , which came in at No. 23 on the University of Leicester 's world map of happiness , a nation that "  is not as happy as it is wealthy . " The impact of wealth and taxes The relationship between money and happiness took Weiner to the Middle East and Qatar , a country with one of the highest per capita incomes in the world , thanks to oil and natural gas revenues , according to the CIA World Factbook . "  I went there specifically to examine what happens when the entire country wins the lottery , " Weiner said . He found the wealth made the residents comfortable , but also degraded their level of contentment . "  Most of our happiness is derived from our relationships with other people , " Weiner said . "  The money in Qatar has allowed them to wall themselves off , literally and figuratively , from other people . ... That 's not a recipe for happiness . " There are no income taxes in Qatar , but that 's not a cause for contentment , Weiner found . Some taxation is necessary for happiness because it 's a way of being invested in a place , he argued . "  You 're giving money to someone else , a government , and you 're trusting them to do something good with it , " Weiner said . "  In a country where there 's no taxation at all , people do n't have vested interests in how well the government performs . You ca n't say , ` Hey , those are my tax dollars at work . ' " Quest creates buzz Weiner 's book has struck a chord , recently rising to the top 10 of The New York Times nonfiction best-seller list . An expert who studies happiness said part of the book 's appeal may lie in how Weiner mapped out his journey . "  He arranges an interesting itinerary because he uses science as his compass , " said Daniel Gilbert , a psychology professor at Harvard University and the author of "  Stumbling on Happiness . " Gilbert said it 's only recently that a combination of biology , sociology and psychology has been able to answer the "  where 's and why 's " of happiness , a subject that has always fascinated people . "  The quest for happiness is the central preoccupation of human beings and has been for as long as there have been human beings , " Gilbert said . He echoed Weiner 's findings that bliss is other people . "  Everyone has been telling us for the longest time that happiness is about social relationships , well , bingo , they 're right , " Gilbert said . Meanwhile , after a year of exploring some of the world 's happiest places , Weiner -- the self-described "  grump " -- said his mind-set has improved somewhat . "  I would describe myself as a recovering grump , " Weiner said . "  At this point , I think I am marginally happier than before I started the project . " E-mail to a friend	Journalist spent a year looking for the world 's happiest countries Eric Weiner : Bhutan is probably the closest thing on Earth to Shangri-La He marvels at the creativity and "  coziness " of Iceland Self-described "  grump : " chocolate contributes to happiness in Switzerland
CNN  -- South Africa 's Colin Nel went into the second round of the Nelson Mandela Championship facing an early exit after shooting an opening seven-over 77 and finished it by achieving one of golf 's most elusive feats -- a round of 59 . It catapulted Nel up the leaderboard from 138th into the top 20 but astonishingly his score was also matched Friday by Jorge Campillo of Spain . Campillo improved a mere 11 shots on his opening level-par 70 to be one behind leader Daniel Brooks when play was halted . England 's Brooks shot a 62 in his opening round and was through 11 holes of his second at 12-under . The European Tour event has been reduced to 54 holes after being hit by thunderstorms and heavy rain . That also had implications for Nel and Campillo as their scores will not count for the record books because players were allowed to use preferred lies on the rain-sodden fairways at Mount Edgecombe . That ruling means golfers can pick up their ball on the fairway and place it -- but not nearer the hole -- to achieve a playable lie . Nevertheless , Nel and Campillo played superb golf , with the latter shooting seven birdies and two eagles to contend for overall victory . He held the clubhouse lead at 11-under 129 with Matthew Baldwin of England , who shot a second round 62 . Campillo was delighted by his efforts "  We play other par 70s on Tour , but you still have to shoot 59 and I 'm pretty happy with the way I finished . " "  I was never close to 59 before , but in the KLM Open I was eight-under with three holes to go on a par 70 , " he told the official European Tour website . Branden Grace was tied with fellow South African Oliver Bekker on 10-under 130 -- one shot back . The tournament started a day early than scheduled so as to avoid a clash with Nelson Mandela 's funeral Sunday , but has been hit by lengthy delays on all three days of play . "  Mandela is one of the reasons I am here , " Grace said . "  Coming here you 're trying to get the win for Madiba , not that it will make everything better for the country , but hopefully it will put a little smile on some people 's faces . " Meanwhile , Ryder Cup teammates Sergio Garcia and Justin Rose shared the lead at the halfway stage of the $ 1 million Thailand Championship at Amata Spring Country Club in Bangkok . Garcia , chasing his first win of 2013 , shot a hole in one during his seven-under 65 for 11-under 133 . U.S. Open champion Rose carded a 68 to leave the pair two clear of overnight leader Alex Cejka of Germany , France 's Alexander Levy and India 's Anirban Lahiri . America 's Rickie Fowler shot a superb eight-under 64 to be a shot further back while in-form Henrik Stenson moved into contention with a 67 to lie joint seventh .	Two players shoot rounds of 59 at European Tour event Jorge Campillo and Colin Nel achieve feat at Nelson Mandela Championship Nel improves 18 shots on his first round effort at Mount Edgecombe Scores wo n't count for record purposes due to preferred lies rule
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Wednesday warned that he could call for early elections , following a string of political crises since the U.S. withdrawal in the war-torn Middle Eastern nation . "  When the other side refuses to sit at the table of dialogue and insists on the policy of provoking successive crises in a way that causes severe damages to the supreme interests of Iraqi people , the prime minister found himself obliged to call for early elections , " the statement said . The next parliamentary elections are not scheduled until 2014 , but al-Maliki 's critics are threatening a no-confidence vote against the Shiite prime minister . It is not clear if there is enough support for the vote to be held . Following the December U.S. troop withdrawal , the country has been confronted with an increasingly fractious legislature , which includes Iraq 's Shiite , Sunni and Kurdish political blocs . The Iraqi Constitution allows for a prime minister to formally ask the president to dissolve parliament , which -- if approved -- would set in motion a process that could prompt early elections within 60 days . Al-Maliki in recent months has struggled to forge a lasting power-sharing deal , and has yet to fill key Cabinet positions , including the ministers of defense , interior , and national security , while his backers have also shown signs of wobbling support . On Sunday , the powerful Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr -- whose political bloc last year won 39 parliamentary seats and has backed the prime minister -- called for more political reforms , saying he would support a no-confidence vote should al-Maliki fail to usher in effective change . On Wednesday , Iraq 's deputy parliament speaker , Arif Tayfur , met with Joshua Harris , acting political counselor at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad , to discuss the crisis , according to the parliament website . The meeting is considered a sign of the seriousness of the burgeoning problems within the already fragile coalition . "  We will not comment on specific diplomatic exchanges , " said U.S. Embassy spokesman Michael McClellan when asked about reports of a meeting . "  However , we continue to encourage senior Iraqi politicians to work toward a solution that represents the interests of all Iraqis . " McClellan said U.S. officials "  urge Iraqi leaders to move quickly to alleviate current tensions in order to refocus energy on critical state-building challenges . " Last year , the Sunni-majority Iraqiya bloc temporarily suspended its participation in parliament over claims that it was apparently being cut out of the political process . Soon after , an arrest warrant was issued for Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi , the leader of the Iraqiya bloc , accusing him of running a death squad . His party has since ended its boycott , though al-Hashimi remains a fugitive in Turkey and is still wanted by Iraq 's central government . Al-Hashimi has denied the charges , calling them politically motivated . Meanwhile , relations between the Kurdistan regional government and the central government have also deteriorated . Masoud al-Barzani , president of the Kurdistan region , in March blasted the government , calling the power-sharing deal between the various political groups "  completely nonexistent " and saying it has "  become meaningless . " "  The Iraqi Constitution is constantly violated and the Erbil agreement , which was the basis upon which the current government was formed , has been completely ignored , " al-Barzani said in a statement on the eve of Kurdish New Year . "  As soon as they came to power , they disregarded the Constitution , the previous agreements that we had , and the principle of power-sharing . " The unfolding crisis also comes amid a string of deadly attacks across the country , including a pair of bomb blasts that rocked the capital and killed at least eight people on Wednesday . A series of attacks in June has left nearly 180 people dead , including one bombing that led to the country 's deadliest day since the U.S. withdrawal . On June 13 , a bomb targeted pilgrims headed to Baghdad , killing at least 93 people . An additional 312 people were injured in the attacks , mostly aimed at Shiite pilgrims who had trekked to a shrine in the Iraqi capital .	NEW : Al-Maliki 's critics are threatening to hold a no-confidence vote against him Al-Maliki accuses "  the other side " of provoking crises , leading to the need for elections The country has faced a string of political crises since the U.S. withdrawal The next parliamentary elections are not scheduled until 2014
CNN  Scientists have raised concerns about a large , rapidly thinning glacier in Antarctica , warning it could contribute significantly to rising sea levels . They say they 've discovered two openings that could channel warm seawater to the base of the huge Totten Glacier and bring the threat of potentially disastrous melting . The glacier is bigger and thinning faster than all the others in East Antarctica . It contains enough ice to raise the global sea level by at least 11 feet  3.4 meters  , according to researchers from the University of Texas at Austin who were among the authors of a new study published this week in the journal Nature Geoscience . Scientists had previously detected warm water on the seaward side of the glacier . But until now , they had found no evidence that it could threaten coastal ice . "  We now know there are avenues for the warmest waters in East Antarctica to access the most sensitive areas of Totten Glacier , " said Jamin Greenbaum , a University of Texas Ph.D. candidate and the lead author of the study . The two gateways on the seafloor that lead to the base of the glacier offer an explanation for why Totten Glacier has been melting so fast . Scientists have already warned about the consequences of melting ice in West Antarctica . NASA said last year that glacial retreat in some areas "  appears unstoppable . " The increase in sea levels that would be caused by the melting of all the ice in Totten Glacier is estimated to be roughly equivalent to the contribution from a collapse of the entire West Antarctic Ice Sheet . The United Nations ' report on climate change last year estimated sea levels could rise between 1 foot and 3 feet by 2100 . Such a rise could displace tens of millions of people from coastal areas around the world . But that calculation does n't factor in the latest research on Antarctica . "  While the Totten melt may take several centuries , once change has begun our analysis reveals it would likely be irreversible , " Greenbaum said in comments cited by the Australian Antarctic Division . To prevent the process from becoming unstoppable , atmospheric and oceanic conditions would need to change so that snowfall outpaces coastal melting , the researchers said . The scientists gathered their data through a series of aerial surveys using technology that can scan the ice and seafloors in areas that are inaccessible to icebreakers . The team included researchers from the United States , Australia and the United Kingdom .	New study reveals openings that threaten huge glacier with warm water Totten Glacier is bigger and thinning faster than all the others in East Antarctica
CNN  -- Experts are putting forward all sorts of reasons Mexico recently became more obese than the United States -- and one of the most overweight countries in the world . Poverty , tacos , urbanization , soda . Those are the widely discussed culprits . And they , along with the choices people in Mexico make , are no doubt part of the story . But there 's an uberfactor here : Mexico 's neighbor to the north . Could one reason for Mexico 's growing , deadly obesity problem be that the country is unfortunate enough to share a border with the United States -- land of the Coke , home of diabetes ? I started thinking about that issue after seeing news bounce all over the Internet that nearly a third of Mexicans now are obese , compared with 31.8 % of Americans , according to a recent report from the UN Food and Agriculture Organization . Maybe U.S. trends such as fast food , fried food and soda drifted south . It reminded me of a smart Economist story I read in April . "  Perhaps for Mexicans , the biggest problem is living next door to the United States , which means the fast food and super-sized culture has a particularly strong influence , " the British magazine wrote . "  So do the American food and drink giants who sell vast quantities south of the border and have already proved adept at fending off sin taxes and other forms of anti-obesity regulation in the United States . " I called up Dr. Juan Rivera , director of the research center on nutrition and health at Mexico 's National Public Health Institute , to see what he thought of this theory . Rivera did n't blame the United States , but he did blame "  sugary beverages , " which the United States produces and markets . Mexico 's soda-and-sugar-water consumption numbers are staggering . The average Mexican drinks 163 liters of sugary beverages per year , Rivera said , which tops the world . That 's almost nine cans of soda per week . A rising middle class as well as the prevalence of greasy street food , including tacos and quesadillas , also accounts for much of the problem , said Christopher Wilson , an associate at the Wilson Center 's Mexico Institute . But Mexico 's rich neighbor also plays a role in  here 's the crucial part  shaping the country 's tastes , he said . "  Potato chips are very popular , as is drinking lots of soft drinks , " Wilson said . "  But we see similar trends not only related to food and junk food but , at a broader level , commercial tests in Mexico are fairly closely linked to tastes in the U.S. And that 's because of the intensity of cultural interactions " between the countries . This influence applies to other countries , too , of course . According to the FAO report , 1.4 billion  yes , billion !  people worldwide are overweight and 500 million are obese . The fast-food-ization of the world , and the health problems that have followed , started with America and have spread far and wide . At a certain point , though , does it matter where the problem started ? Rivera , the public health official in Mexico , was quick to claim obesity as a problem Mexico has to own -- regardless of its origins . "  I think there is more influence of the fast food industry  and  the sugary beverages in Mexico than in other countries as a result of being neighbors to the U.S. , " he said . " ... But I think that globalization is such now that you see very , very similar things in many other countries , even in countries that are less developed . So I would not blame too much on the U.S. . The problem is ours , and we have to solve the problem . " Some important steps already are being taken . Mexico banned soda in schools , Rivera said , and might soon propose new programs to combat obesity . Mexico 's close relationship with the United States , however , means that America and its corporate proxies should share the responsibility of implementing solutions . "  Let me remind you , " Dr. Margaret Chan , director-general of the World Health Organization , said in a June speech at a conference in Finland . "  Not one single country has managed to turn around its obesity epidemic in all age groups . This is not a failure of individual willpower . This is a failure of political will to take on big business . " It does matter where these deadly trend originated -- and who started them . The least the U.S. could do is be a better neighbor . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	U.N. report says Mexico is now more obese than the United States John Sutter : Maybe we should blame Mexico 's northern neighbor He says U.S. trends like fast food and sugary soda have drifted south Sutter : "  The least the U.S. could do is be a better neighbor "
CNN  -- Newspaper photography and photojournalism make up a craft unlike any other in journalism . A frozen moment can convey human strength or weakness like few other story forms . An image created by a photojournalist carries the power to change societies . Great images remain burned into our brains forever . Journalists like to say that newspapers write the first draft of history , but that 's only partly true -- the best news photos are history . The Chicago Sun-Times nurtured great photographers since the paper was founded . In fact , in an early Page One nameplate , the paper called itself "  The Picture Newspaper " and carried the icon of a professional camera . But on Thursday morning , May 30 , that illustrious era ended when the paper 's editor dismissed 28 photojournalists with just a few words . How did they respond ? They captured the grief and horror and emotion with their reporter 's notebooks -- their cameras . I was lucky enough to work with these pros during my four years as a visual editor at the paper and saw the extraordinary lengths they went to , and risks they took , to make powerful Page One photos or in-depth photo reportage for investigative projects , such as the legendary "  Clout On Wheels " series . My fellow editors pushed them hard every day to bring the best pictures to our readers . A photojournalist knows how hard it is to record history when the authorities try to limit or prevent you from doing so . But these guys could get anywhere , they knew everybody , and they had the uncanny ability to somehow be in the right place when news broke . Their instincts are legendary . Sun-Times photographers ran toward chaos , they placed themselves and their cameras as close as possible to the action without fail . I looked up to them . I wanted to be one of them . My first moments as a journalist were as a news photographer for my college newspaper , The Daily Eastern News , 25 years ago . I wanted to be a shooter at the Sun-Times because that was a place that valued the power of hard news photography . Photographer John White , who won a Pulitzer Prize at the newspaper in 1982 , famously said , "  It is a privilege to be a photojournalist . " And it is an extraordinary privilege . White told me a few years ago that he enjoys being the eyes to the world and bringing the eyes of the world to what he has seen . Watch : John White talks about video story telling Media watchers have noted that the Sun-Times ' new publisher , Timothy P. Knight , had committed a similar mass firing of all news photographers at Newsday in 2008 . Knight is using his power to crush a guild-protected workforce in favor of freelance talent . Freelancers and staff reporters will carry the burden of creating original news images from places where it 's hard to take great pictures . The freelancers , presumably , will be carrying professional camera gear , while the reporters will be trained how to do double duty by using smartphones for visual news gathering and video packages . Smartphones replace point and shoot cameras , they replace consumer-level video cams , they replace pro audio recorders . But smartphones ca n't replace digital single lens reflex cameras -- and especially ca n't replace the talent and experience required to make pictures for many types of newspaper assignments . I have filed video reports from student protests in Rome with a smartphone , and I have reported in stills with Nikon F3s and "  fast glass , " or fast lenses , from disaster scenes . The tools evolve , but they all have their own applications and abilities . The demands for print reproduction quality are much higher than for digital , so it is an open question how much of this new smartphone photography will actually be good enough to make it to the print editions . When I train journalists to tell visual stories with smartphones , their output is meant for digital audiences and is an adjunct to the work of the dedicated pros carrying better gear . But at the end of the day , quality storytelling matters , regardless of the form or who does the work . News consumers expect high quality when they pay for professional journalism from a Chicago brand that built its reputation on stellar news photography . White 's work hangs in a private art gallery in the newsroom of the Sun-Times . It joins a collection more than 150 powerful news photographs that the photo staff of the paper produced over six decades -- a reminder for the employees who still work there of what their paper once stood for and accomplished . It is a shame that the public ca n't see this museum-quality exhibit . It is a breathtaking tour through Chicago 's history seen through the eyes of some very brave witnesses . The photos are there , but the brave witnesses will no longer be in the building . So , what 's been lost ? A tradition of fearlessness , bravery , courage , knowledge and trust that was decades in the making . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robb Montgomery .	Chicago Sun-Times fired its whole photography staff of 28 Robb Montgomery : Paper was known for photojournalism , won Pulitzer Prize Will use freelancers and smartphones , he says . Digital images are n't up to print standards Montgomery : But nothing can replace their guts , experience and quality of their work
CNN  -- It inspired childlike moments of wonder . It was a feeling that many had not felt since NASA 's final space shuttle launch , Atlantis in July 2011 . That 's how the fans and followers around the Web described the weekend 's events to NASA 's social media team . And while social media users are often portrayed as having short attention spans , the @MarsCuriosity Twitter account continues to receive about 1,000 new followers an hour since landing on the red planet early Monday morning . The Facebook page imploded from 30,000 to more than 200,000 fans . "  We were blown out of the water , " Stephanie L. Smith , social media specialist at NASA , said about the response NASA and the Jet Propulsion Lab 's social team received on platforms including Twitter , Tumblr , Reddit , Facebook , Instagram and Google + . Opinion : Why I love Mars The social media strategy was something that was considered years before the landing . NASA-Jet Propulsion Laboratory social media manager Veronica McGregor 's first mission with Mars was in 2008 when the Phoenix rover landed . McGregor began making plans for Curiosity 's big day back then . @MarsPhoenix was the fifth most followed Twitter account in 2008 , she said . That account still has more than 200,000 followers . "  We knew there was a big audience out there on Twitter , " McGregor said . The Saturday before the landing , @MarsCuriosity had 150,000 followers . It now has more than 818,000 and is growing at a rate of approximately 1,000 per hour , McGregor estimates . She and two team members , Courtney O'Connor and Smith , shape the voices behind many of NASA 's social media accounts including @NASAJPL @MarsCuriosity and @asteroidwatch . Although exact numbers are n't yet available they were astounded when they discovered their official "  landing tweet " at 1:32 a.m. EST on August 6 was retweeted 70,000 times around the world . A search of links , tweets and images including "  Mars " from Saturday to Tuesday surpassed 700,000 . McGregor and her team said they believe interest in space has always been high . Social media simply allowed the community to find each other , McGregor says . Mars rover captures nearby rocket ` footprint ' CNN commenters also responded enthusiastically , sharing the Mars landing article to social media more than 26,000 times and leaving more than 4,900 comments . A CNN.com commenter known as Explore wrote , "  At the very core of me is a desire to seek the unknown , a desire to look beyond the confines of this tiny little spec in the universe to the vastness that lies beyond . This is inherent to every one of us even though we may sometimes deny it because we can only see the here and now . " And then there were the unexpected Internet wins that the NASA social media team never expected to happen . Bobak Ferdowsi , a NASA engineer and flight director of the Mars Science Laboratory Curiosity mission , was quickly dubbed the "  NASA Mohawk Guy " by Twitter users who followed his updates at @TweetsOutLoud . Internet memes showing a side view of Ferdowsi 's mohawk with captions including , "  Becomes an Internet sensation . Too busy landing a robot on Mars to notice , " Tumblrs about Bobak and blog posts exploded across the Web . He received several marriage proposals via Twitter but probably has n't seen them . McGregor says Ferdowsi has been on Twitter "  a while " but his account went from several hundred followers on Saturday to more than 30,000 Tuesday . As Curiosity landed Ferdowski tweeted , "  So incredible to be a part of this team and all that we 've accomplished . Impossible not to be an emotional wreck . " A Curiosity rover "  Call Me Maybe " mashup video surfaced on YouTube . Caley Burke , an aerospace engineer with the Kennedy Space Center created the video after being inspired by the U.S. Olympic swim team 's version . 5 reasons to be excited about Curiosity After closely listening to the lyrics for the first time Burke said it made perfect sense . "  I knew we were only going to get the call if the rover actually landed , " she said . YouTube analytics show the video has been viewed 27,000 times , mostly by males between the ages of 45 and 54 . There were viewing parties and thousands crowded into Times Square in New York City to watch the event unfold , snapping photos and sharing them with McGregor and her team . It was an event that , judging by social media updates , connected science-loving strangers , restored people 's hope in space exploration and elicited a sense of awe . Since 2010 NASA has ranked at the top of public sector organizations in effectiveness of social media sites by experts from L2 , a think tank for digital innovation . NASA hosted social media followers at seven field centers around the nation on August 3 and live streamed the event online . Participants were also given the opportunity to be present when the first signal of the landing was detected by mission control . Strategy aside , for some it was simply a moment in time to reflect on the amazing accomplishments of their fellow humans and science . No matter how they arrived , they walked away with much more than just Curiosity . To see more tweets and photos click here . Complete coverage on Mars	@MarsCuriosity Twitter account receives about 1,000 new followers an hour since landing Social media strategy was something that was considered years before the landing Official "  landing tweet " was retweeted 70,000 times around the world Search of links , tweets , images including "  Mars " from Saturday to Tuesday surpassed 700,000
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy left South Korea in "  good shape " after finishing joint second at the Kolon Korean Open . The former world No. 1 is still searching for an elusive first title of 2013 -- something his tennis star girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki finally managed to achieve on Sunday . The 24-year-old golfer was left wondering what might have been as he finished just one stroke behind champion Kang Sung-Hoon after carding a four under round of 67 Sunday . McIlroy sunk an eagle , four birdies and a bogey at the Woo Jeong Hills Country Club in Cheonan near Seoul . "  I could have shot anything , absolutely anything , " said McIlroy . "  I only missed two greens and had so many chances , but it was like the story of yesterday -- I just did n't hole enough putts . "  I created so many more chances that it could have been 61 , 62 . It just was n't to be . "  A little frustrating , but I 'm happy with how I hit it . I hit the ball really well off the tee and my iron play was very solid as well . "  I feel like my game is in good shape going into the next few weeks , and that 's a good thing . " Kang said he felt "  horrible " after winning the title at the expense of his good friend and overnight leader Kim Hyung-Tae . Kim had a four stroke lead going into the final day but received a two stroke penalty for grounding his club in a hazard at the 13th . Kim and Kang , playing partners on Sunday , spent two hours reviewing TV footage with officials before Kim was persuaded to sign for a six by the Korean Golf Association rules committee . "  I 'm a really good friend of him so at the moment it does n't feel great , " said Kang . "  Even though I won the tournament , I just feel really sorry for him . I was actually out there to celebrate for him , but ... I do n't know ... I do n't know what to say . It 's horrible . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- hard to celebrate in these circumstances . "	Rory McIlroy finishes tied for second at Kolon Korean Open The world No. 6 rues missed chances to win but says he is in good shape South Korea 's Kang Sung-Hoon wins the tournament by a single shot on four under par Kim Hyung-Tae loses lead after being penalized by officials
CNN  -- Cameras in the cockpit . Real-time streaming of communications and flight information . Increased capacity flight data and voice recorders . Transponders that detach on impact and float . Once the mystery of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is solved , there are changes in air safety that might result from the lessons of the disappearance of a jumbo jetliner in the age of instant communications . The technologies -- each of which has its supporters and its detractors -- come into question as the search for Flight 370 enters its third week . Here 's a look at some possible technological changes : Camera images beamed from cockpit to ground Investigators would be able to see and hear all that transpires in the cockpit . Former American Airlines pilot Mark Weiss and other experts agree that images could prove highly important during investigations . The National Transportation Safety Board has for years campaigned for cockpit video , arguing that images would have helped it solve what happened in crashes like that of EgyptAir 990 in 1999 , which the agency concluded was a deliberate act by the co-pilot . A camera would have clarified who was in the cockpit and what was happening . Opponents , however , are not ready to welcome Big Brother in the sky . Many pilots -- and unions that represents them -- worry about an invasion of privacy . "  Years ago there was an American Airlines flight that took off out of Chicago and an engine came off the wing , and that airplane went right into the ground , " Weiss told CNN . "  They had a camera on that airplane , and people were able to see inside the airplane exactly what was happening to them . " Union officials have said that having a camera monitor what pilots do would affect their ability to perform . Longer life for batteries powering locator beacons The hunt for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is two weeks old . That means it 's near the halfway mark in the minimum battery life for the pinging beacon device on flight recorders . When the expected battery life runs out , possibly around April 6 , the job of finding the flight data and cockpit voice recorders -- to which the beacons are attached -- will get significantly harder And , thereby , so will the job of solving the mystery of Flight 370 . Every commercial airplane is required to have pingers -- technically called underwater locator beacons -- to help locate lost aircraft . One is attached to the flight data recorder ; another to the cockpit voice recorder . The depletion of a device 's battery will not wipe out data , however . Data has been known to survive years on modern recorders in harsh sea water conditions . The battery life on the beacons has been a hot subject since the crash of Air France Flight 447 in 2009 . The flight was carrying 228 people when it disappeared from radar between South America and Africa en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris . It took two years to find the aircraft 's flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder in oceanic mountainous terrain under 13,000 feet of water . The battery died before searchers could locate the wreckage . Since then , regulators and the airline industry have undertaken efforts to increase the beacon battery life from 30 to 90 days . There are also efforts to require pingers to be attached to aircraft airframes , making it easier to locate wreckage . The next-generation pingers emit pings that can be heard 6 to 10 miles away , said Anish Patel , president of beacon manufacturer Dukane Seacom Inc. . Uplinking information from plane to satellite before a crash The Air France crash spurred U.S. aviation safety officials to look into uplinking critical flight data to orbiting satellites from airplanes flying across oceans . Today , flight data recorders use computer chips to record information about how the plane is working in flight . The cockpit voice recorder captures audio from crew members including pilots . But all that data could be uncollected if the plane crashes in a large body of water . Then , the devices ca n't be retrieved without help from special recovery teams . The National Transportation Safety Board had been researching a new system that would uplink airplane data about a plane 's location , direction , equipment functions and about 30 other parameters to orbiting satellites , which would then beam the data back to the ground for storage . In the event of a crash , that data could be easily accessed and analyzed for clues . Such a system would be pricey but advocates contend that it could save millions of dollars in operations to recover onboard flight data devices when a crash occurs . Searching for the Air France devices and aircraft wreckage cost $ 40 million , according to a report by France 's aviation investigation agency , the Bureau d'Enquetes et Analyses . But critics cite potential reasons why in-flight data uplinks might not work , including high costs , limited bandwidth , security concerns , privacy issues , and cumbersome aviation bureaucracies . In fact , two powerful government bureaucracies with oversight of the U.S. aviation industry -- the NTSB and the Federal Aviation Administration -- disagree about the promise of in-flight uplinks . Real-time streaming of flight information In the age of Netflix streaming and trans-Atlantic Wi-Fi on flights , why ca n't aircraft-in-flight data come in real time ? Canadian company Flyht Aerospace Solutions says it can . The company makes the Automated Flight Information System , or AFIRS , which automatically monitors data such as location , altitude , and performance . The data can be live-streamed when something goes wrong . The technology would have answered many questions about Flight 370 , according to Flyht director Richard Hayden . "  We would know where the aircraft has gone , where it is , and we would have information on what had happened in the meantime , " he said . On a normal flight , the system would send updates every five to 10 minutes . And it could be programmed to recognize when something is wrong , such as a deviation in flight path , to automatically begin streaming second-by-second data . The main objection has been cost , but Hayden said AFIRS is designed to save carriers money . "  A typical installation would be under $ 100,000 including the box and the installation parts and the labor , " said Hayden . "  Normally our customers recover that expense in a matter of months to , at most , a couple of years by virtue of the savings it creates . " Those savings come from troubleshooting mechanical problems while the plane is in the air , he said , as well as collecting data that can help cut fuels costs . Former Inspector General of the Department of Transportation Mary Schiavo does n't believe carriers will get on board . "  Airlines are  very cost sensitive , " she said . "  They simply will not add additional safety measures unless mandated by the federal government . " Increased capacity for data and voice recorders Today 's recorders are better than recorders of the past , when data was recorded on magnetic tape . But they fall short of current technical potential . Voice recorders , for instance , have only two hours of recording capacity . Since Flight 370 flew almost seven hours beyond the point where something went terribly wrong , it 's almost guaranteed that crucial cockpit sounds have been erased . Cockpit voice recorders memorialize pilot 's words -- from the inconsequential to the tragic . In 1999 , a voice recorder captured the last words of the startled captain of EgyptAir 990 as he fought to maintain control of his plane . The cockpit voice recorder helped establish that the pilot was trying to pull the plane out if a dive while his co-pilot , investigators determined , flew it into the ocean . Voice recorders also record clicks and hums -- sounds that can reveal pilot 's actions . Flight data recorders capture a wide array of data , including altitudes , air speeds , headings , engine temperatures , flap and rudder positions . And the types of data recording is growing as technology advances , a National Transportation Safety Board official said . "  We see recorders that come in for the newer aircraft of at least a few hundred  types of data  if not more than 1,000 , " the official said . They must record the previous 36 hours of operations . Pilots , however , do n't like being recorded -- via audio or video . "  It 's their work environment , " said Peter Goelz , a CNN aviation analyst and former NTSB managing director . "  They believe that the voice recorders intrude on their work environment . " Two hours of voice recording capacity is not adequate , he said . "  It should be the last 24 hours , " Goelz said told CNN . "  There is no reason in the world now not to have data recorders digitally recording in 24-hour time . " Some have suggested designing flight data and voice recorders that detach from the plane on impact or shortly before impact . The transponders would then float . Theories abound about Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Search hampered by ocean garbage problem Nothing but water -- and questions The passengers : Lives , not numbers CNN 's Logan Whiteside , Thom Patterson and Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	Beijing-bound Flight 370 disappeared two weeks ago with 239 aboard Debris was spotted in the southern Indian Ocean on Sunday Despite intensive search efforts , the debris has not been located . Mystery of missing Malaysia Airlines flight could lead to important changes in air safety
CNN  -- Start-ups are fighting a war for talent in Silicon Valley , and the companies that actively welcome men and women are going to win it . Smart companies do n't recruit "  brogrammers . " The term brogrammer is a joke , of course . Male software engineers do n't actually pop their collars , wear sunglasses and lift weights while writing code and share hot tubs with bikini-clad women . But the joke is funny for some people because it reflects a truth about a community where certain places exclude great talent in favor of frat house fun . The tech industry 's testosterone level can make the thickest-skinned women consider a different career . But the rise of the brogrammer joke and its ensuing backlash has some benefits : It helps talented women choose worthy employers , it gives a name and face to a problem that plagues the industry and it publicly shames some of the most sexist offenders . In 1999 , Google 's Marissa Mayer almost did n't take the job at the all-male start-up because there were more women at another firm that made her an offer . If Mayer had just graduated from college today with offers from two equally compelling start-ups -- one all-male and one not -- it 's clear which one she would choose . If you write software for a living and you 're located in Silicon Valley , you have your pick of employment options at an array of tech start-ups -- yes , even in this economy . When a recruiter 's pitch is : "  Wan na bro down and crush some code ? " -- like San Francisco-based Klout 's was -- you get a sense of what that company is looking for . If you 're a woman , it 's not you . That 's pretty sad , but it 's not all bad . As a woman and a software developer , crossing Klout off the list of places where I might work helps me narrow my options . I 'd rather find out that an employer glorifies young dudes before I take a position than afterward . That 's one small way brogrammer culture is actually useful . It 's a red flag for women engineers , product developers , designers , project managers , marketers , business development and PR specialists . It says : This is a company that you 'd want to avoid . Conversely , companies that assemble inclusive teams are more likely to snag great hires of all stripes . Tech start-ups founded by women are few and far between , but they 're highly attractive to female and male candidates who do n't want to join a boys ' club . Established companies with executives who are vocal about women 's issues , such as Facebook 's Sheryl Sandberg , also have an advantage .  Sandberg 's TED talk is one of my all-time favorite career advice presentations for women . The spotlight on Silicon Valley 's brogrammer problem has focused on some of the worst public offenders . I find sexism in 2012 corporate America appalling , but I 'm also an optimist . The folks perpetuating this culture are probably not overt misogynists . Most of the time , they simply do n't know any better . Path 's Matt Van Horn "  feels terrible " about the sexist comments he made during a conference presentation that caused disgusted attendees to get up and leave . Geeklist began a women in technology committee after mishandling the retraction of a promotional video that featured a scantily clad female dancer . Cynics would argue that apologies wo n't resolve the underlying problem . But humiliation is an effective behavior modifier . I do n't think these people will make these mistakes again . Sometimes the road to enlightenment is paved with public shaming . And there 's a bonus : Onlookers have real life examples of what not to do at their companies . The tech industry has always been male-dominated . But the perception of those men has changed . Billionaire geeks of Silicon Valley are no longer considered awkward nerds who ca n't get a date . Instead , they 're superheroes , the protagonist in epic movies and biographies . A new generation of young people from all walks of life aspires to be the next Mark Zuckerberg , Steve Jobs or Bill Gates . They 'll want to work for the most attractive companies -- the ones who built welcoming , diverse teams . Brogrammer culture celebrates frat house values , youth over experience and men over women . In the war for hiring great talent , the companies that embrace this culture rather than reject it will lose . That 's a good thing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gina Trapani .	Silicon Valley has a problem with brogrammer culture of frat house fun Gina Trapani : Tech start-ups that want to hire the best people will reject brogrammers She says sexist offenders are likely to be shamed into modifying their bad behaviors Trapani : Inclusive tech companies that value diversity will win the war for talent
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice for Real Madrid as they won 3-1 in Marseille on Tuesday to top Group C of Champions League qualifying . Real 's victory meant AC Milan went through in second place in the group despite held 1-1 at FC Zurich , owing their draw to a second half penalty from Ronaldinho . Former World Player of the Year Ronaldo scored in the fifth and 80th minutes in a comfortable win for the Spanish giants and showed he is back to his very best after an injury layoff . The Portuguese star opened his account with a blistering 30 meter free kick , but Marseille midfielder Lucho Gonzalez leveled from close range six minutes later . Real 's Raul Albiol put them ahead on the hour mark before Lucho hit the crossbar from the penalty spot soon afterwards . Ronaldo added his second in the 80th after a mistake by home goalkeeper Steve Mandanda left him with a conversion into an open goal . Swiss side Zurich tested Milan and after dominating the first half went ahead in the 29th minute through a Milan Gajic free kick from outside the area . Zurich had shocked Milan 1-0 in the San Siro in October , but were reduced to 10 men in the 64th minute when Marco Borriello was hacked down by defender Alain Rochat , who was sent off . Brazilian ace Ronaldo converted the spot kick to grab a precious point for his side against the group 's bottom side . Chelsea had already clinched top spot in Group D but put on a lackluster display to be held 2-2 at Stamford Bridge by APOEL Nicosia . Marcin Zewlakow 's early opener for APOEL gave the Cyprus side a shock lead before Michael Essien and Didier Drogba put Chelsea ahead before half-time . But Chelsea , who had gone into the game off the back of two defeats , were made to pay for a defensive error by John Obi Mikel as Nenad Mirosavljevic scored a late equalizer . The other qualifiers Porto rounded off their campaign with a 3-0 win over third-placed Atletico Madrid . Bruno Alves headed Porto into the lead after two minutes with Falcao scoring the second on 14 minutes . Brazilian Hulk completed the victory with a fine third after 76 minutes after a mazy run and shot .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores twice as Real Madrid top Group C by beating Marseille 3-1 Ronaldinho penalty gives AC Milan 1-1 draw against FC Zurich Chelsea held to a 2-2 draw at home by APOEL Nicosia Atletico Madrid claim Europa Cup place despite losing 3-0 to Porto
CNN  -- It was supposed to be one of the happiest days of Albert Florence 's life . He had just secured funding for the home he was building and was traveling along Interstate 295 outside Trenton , New Jersey , one Sunday with his wife and child . That 's when he first heard the sirens . "  We were not doing anything illegal , we were obeying the speed limits , " Florence told CNN . "  It 's just a normal routine stop , I thought . " A state trooper pulled the family SUV over to the side of the road . Even though his pregnant wife was driving , Florence said , the officer focused on him , discovering a warrant for his arrest . The alleged crime , he said , was an unpaid traffic fine . The 35-year-old Bordentown resident was arrested , handcuffed , and hauled off to the Burlington County Detention Center . That began what he called a "  six-day nightmare . " Florence was strip-searched by corrections staff , all because of what he terms a misunderstanding , a computer glitch . "  It was very disgusting . It was just a bad , bad experience , " he told CNN Correspondent Kate Bolduan recently . "  I was just told , ` Do as you 're told . ' Wash in this disgusting soap and obey the directions of the officer who was instructing me to turn around , lift my genitals up , turn around , and squat . " Still shaken by the experience six years later , Florence sued , and now his appeal is before the U.S. Supreme Court . He is challenging the county 's rules allowing routine strip searches of everyone arrested for even minor offenses , regardless of the circumstances . It is an important test of police detention powers in the post-9 / 11 security-conscious environment , a chance for the justices to offer clarity on an issue in which both inmates and the police have sought guidance . Oral arguments are scheduled for Wednesday . Court records show Florence was subjected to what he terms an invasive strip and visual body-cavity search . He was then held for nearly a week in the county lockup before being transferred to a Newark correctional facility , where he was subjected to another search before being placed in the general prison population . The next day a judge freed Florence , confirming what he had insisted all along , that the fine had been paid . The state argues the "  intake search " for new prisoners was applied fairly , and applied to everyone . "  At the time Mr. Florence was admitted into the facility , the policy and the practice were to ask him to take off his clothes , take a shower and be subject to a visual search , " said Carter Phillips , who will argue Burlington County 's side of the case before the high court . "  His allegation is that they went further than that , and that 's obviously a disputed matter at this point . " The case has yet to go to trial , pending outcome of the constitutional issues now before the high court . The justices will decide whether corrections officials should have a less intrusive , "  reasonable suspicion " standard that would prevent the kind of search currently permitted in at least 32 states , including New Jersey . "  Where the counties went wrong is , they 're doing a blanket policy of strip-searching anyone that comes in that jail or the prison . So basically , your constitutional rights stop at the prison door , " said Susan Chana Lask , Florence 's New York-based attorney . "  It 's a balance -- what are you brought in there for ? For failing to pay a fine ? Or for murder ? You know , failing to pay a fine does not justify strip-searching you . " But the counties counter by saying that kind of individualized scrutiny does not work in such a controlled environment , when so many new inmates need to be initially processed . "  The basic purpose , obviously , is to avoid the risk of contraband or weapons or anything else being smuggled into the jail , and so therefore , it protects not only the guards , but also protects all of the other inmates , " Phillips told CNN . "  The question is : Do you have a reasonable expectation of certain kinds of privacy ? And it seems to me when you are being lawfully admitted into a prison facility , and he was , at that point , your expectations of privacy essentially drop to zero and the importance of maintaining security rises to about 100 percent . So the balance , it seems to me , clearly favors the prison . " Florence also points out his alleged offense , failure to pay a fine , is not considered a criminal offense in the state and would not normally result in incarceration . His family said their efforts to free Florence were thwarted by repeated bureaucratic run-arounds . State officials draw a distinction between a strip-search policy for those newly admitted and for those later entering the general prison population . Such initial searches are justified , said the state , when applied for proper reasons , including potential health threats . Federal courts since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks had been at odds over the constitutionality of strip searches . The Constitution 's Fourth Amendment protects against "  unreasonable searches and seizures . " The Supreme Court in 1979 , in what is called the Bell precedent , upheld a search similar to the ones Florence had undergone for those prisoners who had contact visits with outsiders . Using a balancing test , the justices said the prison 's security interest justified intrusion into the inmates ' privacy . But subsequent appeals courts have found those arrested for minor offenses may not be strip-searched unless authorities have a "  reasonable suspicion " that the person may be concealing a weapon or contraband such as drugs . In 2008 , however , appeals courts in Atlanta and San Francisco found searches of every inmate coming into a prison population are justified , even without specific suspicions . Those opinions were the first of their kind since the 9/11 attacks and , along with Florence 's case , now give the high court the chance to clarify an issue that a number of civil and human rights proponents have tried to highlight . Local jails in New Jersey at the time of Florence 's arrest were subject to federal monitors after allegations that minority motorists and their passengers were being unfairly targeted for police stops and arrests . Stops of that nature are not at issue in the current appeal . Florence , who is African-American , is not alleging any racial discrimination by the state or individual officers . The case is Florence v. Board of Chosen Freeholders of the County of Burlington , New Jersey  10-945  . A ruling can be expected early next year .	Albert Florence , mistakenly arrested for an unpaid traffic fine , was strip-searched He has filed suit again Burlington County , New Jersey , for his "  six-day nightmare " Both inmates and police are hoping the Supreme Court will offer clarity on the issue
CNN  -- A man who escaped from a Florida work release center in 1979 while serving a sentence for armed robbery has been captured in Missouri , authorities said Monday . Oscar Eugene Richardson , 61 , was arrested Saturday in Ridgedale , Missouri , as a result of information received through a police hot line , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement and the state Department of Corrections said . He is the first fugitive captured as part of the Florida "  12 Days of Fugitives " campaign . "  Richardson is the oldest case among the dozen escapees and it is fitting that justice caught up with him first , " said Florida Department of Law Enforcement Commissioner Gerald Bailey . Richardson escaped from the Kissimmee Work Release center in March 1979 after serving less than two years of his 10-year sentence , police said . He had robbed a Tampa , Florida , drugstore in January 1977 , holding two employees at gunpoint as he demanded money from the store 's safe . Two months later he robbed a convenience store in Tampa , holding the clerk at gunpoint and demanding she fill a bag with money , authorities said . He fled but was apprehended minutes later . At the time of his arrest Saturday , Richardson was living under the alias Eugene Ward and using a false Social Security number , officials said . Police believe he had been living in the same area of Missouri for many years . He was arrested by a U.S. Marshals Service task force . The 12 Days of Fugitives campaign , launched December 7 , is aimed at Florida 's oldest and most violent prison escapees , the departments ' statement said . Newspapers are featuring the fugitives in print and online photo galleries and the Florida Outdoor Advertising Association and its member companies are providing donated space on billboards . "  The campaign is designed to reach the public during the holiday season , when investigators believe the wanted men are most likely to contact friends , family and loved ones , " the Florida Department of Law Enforcement said . More than $ 22,000 in reward money is available -- up to $ 2,500 per fugitive -- for information leading to their capture . The money is provided by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement , the Department of Corrections and the Florida Police Chiefs ' Association .	Oscar Richardson , 61 , arrested in Missouri after police receive tip Richardson escaped from a Florida work release center in 1979 He was serving a sentence for armed robbery when he escaped Authorities : Richardson was living under an alias in Missouri
CNN  -- Norway 's alleged mass killer testified on Thursday that he played video games as a way to train for a shooting spree that killed 77 people last summer . In particular , Anders Behring Breivik said at his trial that he played "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 " as a means of shooting practice , according to CNN 's report . The confessed shooter also said he once played the online game "  World of Warcraft , " a role-playing adventure with multiple players from around the world , for as many as 16 hours a day . For people who have long suspected that there is some link between violent video games and real-world violence , the statement offered frightening new evidence for why the video-game industry should be more strictly regulated . Many gamers and columnists , however , rolled their eyes and collectively muttered "  here we go again . " "  How many times are we going to do this ? " Paul Tassi wrote in a Forbes story , "  The idiocy of blaming video games for the Norway massacre . " "  Really now , it 's getting absurd . " "  Norway Killer Played World of Warcraft , Which Probably Means Nothing At All , " declared a headline on Time.com , which shares a parent company with CNN . Whether shoot - 'em - up video games can incite violence has been a long-running debate among the public as well as in clinical psychology . This type of discussion tends to come up every time it 's revealed that a high-profile killer also played video games . Perhaps the most memorable case study was the Columbine High School shooting in Colorado in 1999 , during which experts speculated about the influence of the game "  Doom " on the teenagers who carried out that crime . And for years , the controversial "  Grand Theft Auto " series , in which players can kill police officers , was targeted by critics who said it glamorizes criminals and promotes violence . The makers of the game were even sued by the attorney for a convicted cop killer in Alabama , who argued the game inspired his client . Ultimately , it seems like science should judge whether playing violent video games can lead to a propensity for violence in the real world . A number of recent studies have cast doubts about the link between video games and violence , but there 's no definitive answer . Confusingly , a 2004 U.S. Secret Service and Department of Education report studied 24 cases of school violence and found : "  Over half of the attackers demonstrated some interest in violence , through movies , video games , books and other media . However , there was no one common type of interest in violence indicated . Instead , the attackers ' interest in violent themes took various forms . " The always-vocal jury of the Internet , meanwhile , rushed on Thursday to the defense of the video game industry . Here 's a breakdown of the general argument , in case you want to be supercontrarian and appropriate these points for cocktail-party conversation this weekend . Point 1 : Lots of people play video games and do n't kill people . "  How many subscribers do those two games have ? Several million ? And yet several million of us managed not to go bonkers with a gun , " a commenter on my Google + page . "  Ridiculous argument . " Point 1.5 : Lots of people who play "  FarmVille " do n't actually farm . Here 's a related point : People who play other kinds of video games do n't usually  or ever  act out the things they do in the games . "  Shooters do not create real-life killers . Neither does "  FarmVille " create real-life farmers , " another Google + commenter said . Point 2 : The confessed Norway killer had other apparent influences . "  If we 're looking for Breivik 's influences and motivations , we 'd better start with xenophobia , fundamentalist Christianity and right-wing ideology before even mentioning what was in his Xbox , " a commenter wrote on CNN 's story about the trial . And from Lisa Smith on Google + : "  If there were no violent video games or movies , would Breivek have shrugged off writing his manifesto -LSB- on -RSB- his irrational fear of Islam ? No , then perhaps then if he 'd been unable to watch the news ? Oops , now we have to keep him from using the Internet , was that enough ? " Point 3 : There are lots of ways to train for a shooting spree . From a Forbes column : "  Let 's say he did use ` Call of Duty ' to help him train in some way . So what ? That may sound callous , but let 's be real here . If he went to a gun range every single day for the past year , a place that actually trains you how to hit person-shaped targets with a real gun firing real bullets in your hands , would we be talking about how shooting ranges are to blame ? Would we want them all closed down for fear someone else might learn how to shoot a gun and kill someone ? Some might , but they 'd be shouted down by gun rights activists , ironically many of whom would like to blame games instead . " Point 3.5 : And anyway , these games would be crappy for training . "  How can ` World of Warcraft ' be considered ` training ' ? Unless he planned on looting gold and armor . Also , ` Modern Warfare ' is hardly a training tool . Too linear and unrealistic , " another Google + commenter wrote . "  Could the ` Armed Assault ' series , with its more simulation based approach , have been more useful to create a mass murderer ? " Point 4 : There 's little scientific evidence to suggest video games actually make people violent . From Time.com : "  The most up-to-date research , according to academic and TIME contributor Christopher Ferguson , ` has not found that children who play VVG -LSB- violent video games -RSB- are more violent than other kids , nor harmed in any other identifiable fashion . ' In Ferguson 's own longitudinal studies , recently published in the Journal of Psychiatric Research , he found ` no long-term link between VVG and youth aggression or dating violence . ' And Ferguson references another recent longitudinal study involving German children , published in Media Psychology , which similarly found no links between increased aggression and violent video games . " Point 5 : The Norway killer apparently saw "  WoW " as a cover-up device . I 'll add this little factoid to the pile : If you search the manifesto that 's attributed to Breivik , you 'll only find a few references to "  World of Warcraft . " When he does mention the game , he appears to be explaining that by saying if you 're playing "  WoW " all the time , you can stop family members and friends from questioning what you 're up to . "  Announce to your closest friends , co-workers and family that you are pursuing a ` project ' that can at least partly justify your ` new pattern of activities '  isolation/travel  while in the planning phase , " the manifesto says . "  For  example , tell them that you have started to play ` World of Warcraft ' or any other online MMO game and that you wish to focus on this for the next months/year . This ` new project ' can justify isolation and people will understand somewhat why you are not answering your phone over long periods . " Let us know what you think about video games and violence in the comments section below . Also check our our new video-comment feature .	Confessed Norway shooter says he played "  World of Warcraft , " "  Modern Warfare 2 " Bloggers , columnists are quick to say violent video games do n't induce violent behavior Debates have raged about whether video games incite violence ; science is inconclusive
CNN  -- A small plane crashed into a home in eastern Florida on Friday , killing all three people aboard , the Florida Highway Patrol said . It happened at 2:22 p.m. , 12 minutes after the pilot declared an emergency , saying the plane was severely shaking , the highway patrol said . A middle-aged woman who lived alone in the house dived through a closed window to get out after the plane hit , neighbor Joe McBride , 71 , told CNN . The highway patrol said she was taken to the hospital , but they did not have details on her injuries . "  She went right through the glass window , " McBride said . "  She 's banged up , but she 's going to be all right . " He added , "  She 's lucky to be alive because that house is a wreck . " The Beechcraft BE35 was en route to Knoxville Downtown Island Airport in Tennessee , said Kathleen Bergen , a spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration in Atlanta . It was n't immediately known from where the plane originated . The plane was diverting to Flagler County Airport , near the coast about 30 miles north of Daytona Beach , when it crashed a mile east of the airport , Bergen said . Video from CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 showed white smoke rising from a large , black hole in the one-story house , which is surrounded by trees . Parts of the roof were melted away . "  Because of the steepness of the trees in the area , the tall pine trees , it looks like it was a pretty steep descent and it went right into the roof , " Lt. Justin Asbury of the highway patrol said . McBride said he was looking outside when the plane passed low overhead not more than 40 feet in the air , he estimated . "  I could look into it , almost , " he said . The plane was making an odd sound as it passed overhead , as if it was stalling , he said . "  It sounded like the engine was n't running right at all . " The plane took down all the utility wires on the street , which is in a rural residential area with many retirees . He said it appeared the plane was going in the general direction of the airport , but not directly toward it . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Marlena Baldacci , and Joe Sutton contributed to this report	The pilot reported mechanical problems Plane was en route to Knoxville , Tennessee , when it crashed There was no immediate information on injuries
For Hannah Chung , at least one element of her parents ' culture was something of an acquired taste . Kimchi -- a pungent blend of fermented vegetables and spices -- is a staple of the Korean table , and is typically offered amid a series of banchan , or free side dishes that are meant to accompany and complement the main dish . But for Chung , it was a dish that made her feel removed from the dominant culture , not included . "  I actually rebelled against my parents by refusing to eat kimchi sometimes , and I 've actually found out that that 's a super common experience among second-generation Koreans , " she says . "  I got made fun of for all the foods I ate , " Chung , a second-generation Korean-American , recalls . "  I did n't want to invite my friends over to my house because my house smelled like kimchi and Korean food , and it was really embarrassing for me . " Bridging generations and cultures , one blistering bowl of bibimbap at a time After her grandmother , the family kimchi maker , passed away , Chung found she longed for the taste she once so adamantly rejected in her youth . So Chung decided to start making her own version , and relied on her experience of working in several top Atlanta restaurants to find the right formula . Now , Chung considers herself a "  kimchi missionary " and has turned her craving into a full-fledged commercial operation called Simply Seoul Kitchen . Cabbage is the most widely used kimchi vegetable , but as the popularity of fermentation and Korean food grows in the U.S. , makers are experimenting with other leafy vegetables like collard greens as well as Daikon radishes and Brussels sprouts . Commercial production has not always gone perfectly for Chung , who once during the development phase had to throw away about 50 jars because she 'd gotten the salt measurements wrong . But now that she 's mastered the making  and offers varieties including white Napa , cabbage , cucumber , radish and more  she still has one hurdle to clear . The kid with the stinky lunch "  Kimchi has a bad rap out there , " she says . "  People have tried kimchi for the first time at Korean restaurants where they cut costs . They do n't have the time to dedicate to make real kimchi -- and it 's pretty untasty . " Because of the difficulty involved in producing a high-quality product , she saw the perfect opportunity to fill that niche and offer people a perception-altering taste of a misunderstood dish . From there , it 's all about letting the average consumer know what Koreans have known for centuries : Nothing else packs the same combination of sour , spice , texture and funk in one package . Stall confessions : Life lessons from my lunch box The author offers these tips for the optimal kimchi experience : -- Open jars over or near a sink . The contents are under pressure from gas created by fermentation and can rise out of the jar after it 's open . -- Many kimchi enthusiasts opt to keep a second refrigerator in the garage for kimchi storage , so the funky smells are kept away from the other food and living areas . -- Kimchi sold in stores may be as fresh as a week-and-a-half old , but the flavors will continue to develop in the jar . Chung says the flavors of kimchi deepen even more after six months or so . -- Kimchi most often accompanies Korean food , but also goes well with burgers , tacos , hot dogs or even on eggs for breakfast .	Kimchi is a Korean dish of fermented vegetables , and served with most meals Hannah Chung is the owner of Simply Seoul , which sells kimchi on a commercial scale She started selling kimchi because she could n't find it like grandma used to make
Sunset  -- The West 's top national monuments : Build a great vacation around a spectacular island , forest , cliff dwelling , canyon , fossil bed , tower or volcano . 1  Bandelier National Monument , New Mexico Bandelier has been entrancing people for nearly 1,000 years -- from when the Ancestral Pueblo people first began building homes in the cliffs of Frijoles Canyon . They 're easily seen on the monument 's Main Loop Trail ; more ruins can be glimpsed in Tsankawi Canyon to the north . Travel Snapshots : Share your national park photos But archeology is n't the only reason to come here -- the monument is stunningly beautiful , with dramatic mesas and broad views across Northern New Mexico . All this only a 45-minute drive from Santa Fe . 2  Admiralty Island National Monument , Alaska Everything you want from Alaska is here . Deep green old-growth forests  thanks to 100 inches of rain a year  , rushing streams alive with salmon , a rugged coastline , and the largest collection of brown bears -- AKA grizzlies -- anywhere in the world . In fact , one of the best places to see brown bears anywhere  from a safe distance  is at Pack Creek , on the island 's northern shore . Admiralty Island is wild but it is n't remote , just about 15 miles west of Juneau and reachable by boat and floatplane . Tongass National Forest even has cabins you can rent ; there are also wilderness lodges . Top 10 national park beaches 3  Canyon de Chelly National Monument , Arizona Canyon de Chelly in northern Arizona is one of the longest continuously inhabited places in North America . But it 's no mere living history museum -- t 's still a vital part of life on the Navajo Nation . You can see White House Ruin from the canyon rim , or take a 2-hour hike to see the ruin up close . And a number of Navajo outfitters lead Jeep , hiking and horseback trips into the canyon backcountry . Nearest hotels are in Chinle . 4  Craters of the Moon National Monument , Idaho Who needs NASA when you can come to theCraters of the Moon monument about 90 miles north of Twin Falls , Idaho ? This eerie lunar landscape is the product of volcanic lava flows that stopped only about 2,000 years ago .  Geologists say they could start up again , although no one seems too worried . You can see it all on a 7-mile loop drive or if you want to feel boot on lava , hike the North Crater Flow trail . 5  Devil 's Tower National Monument , Wyoming Sure , moviegoers know Wyoming 's Devil 's Tower as the place where mankind met friendly aliens in Steven Spielberg 's "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind . " But nothing prepares you for the real thing : the 1,300-foot chunk of granite rising out of Wyoming badlands is bigger than even the widest of wide-screen attractions . It 's a sacred site to Crow and Cheyenne peoples ; once you see it  say on the Tower Trail , which circles the rock 's base  you will understand why . 33 perfect summer trips 6  Grand Staircase National Monument , Utah The "  staircase " in the name is a vast series of rock terraces . The "  Escalante " is Father Silvestre Velez de Escalante , the 18th century Spanish explorer who started the habit of being awed and amazed by the landscape here : cliffs and hoodoos and the sinuous canyons of the Paria and Escalante rivers . In Southern Utah due east of Zion National Park , Grand Staircase National Monument is so big -- 1.9 million acres -- that it would take a lifetime to discover it all . Explore it by car on Utah Highway 12 and Hole-in-the-Rock Road ; even better , get out and hike to Calf Creek Falls or Devil 's Garden . Numerous outfitters lead jeep and hiking trips into the area ; for creature comforts , you 'll find good food and places to stay in Boulder and Escalante . 7  John Day Fossil Beds National Monument , Oregon Elephants ! Tigers ! Rhinos ! All here in Eastern Oregon . Well , not the living animals -- their ancestors , preserved in rock for eternity at the John Day National Monument northwest of Bend . John Day 's beautiful badlands contain some 50 million years worth of plants and animals ; you can get all that ancient natural history straight at the excellent Thomas Condon Paleontology Center . And the monument offers more than just looking at bones ; it 's also great for hiking , particularly in the Painted Hills area , which explodes with wildflowers in spring and summer . 8  Mount St. Helens National Monument , Washington Kaboom ! In 1980 , nearly 4 billion cubic yards of mountaintop blasted skyward in an instant . Nearly 230 square miles of forest blown down or buried beneath volcanic ash and mud . Even now , decades after an eruption that impacted nearly all of the Pacific Northwest , Mount St. Helens is ranked as the most famously unstable mountain in North America . The geology here is fascinating , of course , but so is the quieter spectacle of forests and meadows gradually reclaiming the mountain 's scorched slopes . Must-sees include Johnston Ridge Observatory and Blowdown Forest and Spirit Lake Viewpoints . 10 great one-night escapes 9  Muir Woods National Monument , California It seems that something so beautiful should n't be this easy to reach . John Muir 's favorite woods lie just across the Golden Gate Bridge from San Francisco , but step onto its trails -- especially on a quiet weekday -- and you are in another world . The coast redwoods  sequoia sempervirens if you want to get Latin about it  grow 300 feet tall ; beneath them spread lush carpets of ferns and mosses . With most trails paved and relatively flat , this is a great place to take kids . 10  Pinnacles National Monument , California Only 90 minutes south of Silicon Valley , Pinnacles proves that California geology is just as creative as Facebook , Google and Apple . The larger-than-life rock formations here were shaped both by ancient volcanoes and by the San Andreas Fault , which runs through the monument . Along with wild rocks , Pinnacles has bragging rights to some of the state 's best spring wildflower displays . Look sharp and you might even see a California condor : This is one of the endangered bird 's release sites . Top 50 hotels under $ 150 Sunset - Get Your Weekly Guide to Sunset - food , homes and travel . Sign up for our e-mail newsletter . Copyright 2004-2011 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	The West offers a wide selection of remarkable national monuments Devil 's Tower was featured in Steven Spielberg 's "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind " See where Mount St. Helens destroyed 230 square miles of forest with volcanic ash in 1980
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Nine children died in a suicide bombing Saturday morning near an Indian consulate in Afghanistan , a governor 's spokesman said . The children apparently were students at a mosque near the consulate in Jalalabad . All three attackers died , said Ahmedzia Abdulzai , a spokesman for the governor of Nangarhar province . He said 23 people , including many children , were injured . On Saturdays , children typically go to the mosque for religious classes . The spokesman said the three attackers arrived in a Toyota Corolla about 100 meters from the consulate . Two began shooting . As security officials neared , the third detonated a bomb . Jalalabad is between Kabul , the Afghan capital , and Peshawar in Pakistan . The border region is rife with Islamic extremists . The consulate general of India condemned the attack in a statement , saying , "  This attack has once again highlighted that the main threat to Afghanistan 's security and stability stems from terrorism and the terror machine that continues to operate from beyond its borders . " "  India will not be deterred from its commitment to assist Afghanistan in its reconstruction and development effort , " according to the statement , which was posted on India 's Ministry of External Affairs ' website . "  This was clearly an attack not just against India but an attack against the efforts to help the Afghan people overcome the tragic hardships they have endured due to several decades of war . " CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh in New Delhi , and David Simpson and Khushbu Shah in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Attack injures 23 , including many children Three attackers die when one detonates a bomb Attack is close to Indian consulate in Jalalabad Indian government condemns the attack
CNN  -- As John Avlon has recently calculated , there is a real possibility that the Republican primary process could fail to yield a majority winner . What would happen then ? Journalists like to speculate about "  brokered conventions " : the kind of conventions we had 50 and 100 years ago , where party bosses chose presidential nominees in smoke-filled rooms . But you ca n't have a "  brokered convention " in a system where there are no "  brokers . " Here 's an example of how the old system worked : In 1952 , most rank-and-file Republicans wanted to nominate Sen. Robert Taft of Ohio , the leader of the party 's conservative wing . In the dozen or so primaries and caucuses held that year , Taft won nearly 2.8 million Republican votes , as compared with only 2 million for Dwight Eisenhower . But about three-quarters of the states had neither primaries nor caucuses . Their delegates were chosen at state party conventions , and those delegates answered to powerful state officeholders , typically the state governor . So when the GOP convened in Chicago in 1952 , those powerful state officeholders could negotiate among themselves , confident that they controlled the delegate count from their state . That 's how Eisenhower won in 1952 . The two most powerful Republican governors in the country -- Thomas Dewey of New York and Earl Warren of California -- preferred Eisenhower , and so Eisenhower it was . That 's not how it would happen today . Modern governors do not control their state parties the way governors did in the 1950s . And today 's delegates wo n't do as they are told . What would happen today ? Two possible scenarios : 1  Imagine that Romney falls just slightly short of the 1144 needed to nominate . In this scenario , an individual party chairman from a smaller state with more old-fashioned rules might be lured to find some way to redirect his state 's votes to Romney . That is what happened in 1976 , when Gerald Ford narrowly defeated Ronald Reagan by gaining the last-minute support of the Mississippi state delegation ; that 's the most recent occasion when a convention chose a nominee . The problem is that there are many fewer such old-fashioned states today than there were in 1976 , with the result that the price such "  available " states might be able to exact will be considerably higher than it was back then . Ford only needed to replace his vice presidential candidate , dumping Nelson Rockefeller , anathema to party conservatives , in favor of Bob Dole , then a conservative hero . But what price would be exacted from Romney ? And what effect would that have on the election ? Romney badly needs to pivot back to the center for the general election . Would a convention-season deal to get the votes of strongly conservative delegates veto that pivot and doom his hopes ? 2  Imagine now that Romney falls substantially short of the 1144 . He might have won more votes and delegates than anybody else , but it becomes hard to argue that he is a clear favorite . Party insiders begin to murmur again about the need to find another candidate . In an earlier era of American politics , that could be done . In 1920 , a conclave of Republican Party bosses could bypass stronger candidates to choose Sen. Warren G. Harding , a politician whose main claim to fame was that he had kept on good terms with all party factions , and who would go on to win the presidency . In 1940 , Republican Party leaders chose a total outsider , Wendell Willkie , a businessman who had not only never been elected to anything , but who had actually been a Roosevelt delegate at the Democratic convention of 1932 . But now ? Who even are the Republican Party leaders -- aside from Roger Ailes , that is ? The big donors ? But they already chose Romney and now find they can not make their choice stick . The big change in American politics over the past two decades has been the decline of followership . Party members expect the party to serve them -- one major reason that both parties have drifted to the ideological extremes since the 1970s . That expectation would only be intensified and concentrated in a party convention with Fox News and talk radio whipping and riling the delegates into angry emotionalism . A decision-making convention in modern times wo n't submit to the edicts of smoke-filled rooms . The delegates will want their own way . If Romney fails to win the primaries over the next few months , brace yourself : not for a replay of 1920 , when Republican bosses made their coldly calculated deal , but for a replay of 1896 , when the Democratic Convention went wild for William Jennings Bryan after one thrilling speech . Of course , Bryan went on to lose in a landslide . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : It 's possible no candidate could reach delegate total to claim nomination He says an open convention would n't follow historical pattern Media spotlight and indepedent-minded delegates could sway the outcome , he says Frum says Mitt Romney might be forced to take positions unpopular in general election
London , England  CNN  -- A solar-powered aircraft , which a team hopes will one day circle the globe , completed a 26-hour test flight in Switzerland at 9 a.m.  3 a.m. ET  Thursday . Solar Impulse took off shortly before 7 a.m. Wednesday from an airfield in Payerne , 80 miles northeast of Geneva . The plane was piloted by Andre Borschberg , who flew to a height of nearly 28,000 feet  8,500 meters  . "  I 've been a pilot for 40 years now , but this flight has been the most incredible one of my flying career , " Borschberg said , according to the New York Times . "  Just sitting there and watching the battery charge level rise and rise thanks to the sun . I have just flown more than 26 hours without using a drop of fuel and without causing any pollution . " During the evening , the plane slowly descended to an altitude of 4,500 feet  1,500 meters  , where it remained for the rest of the night using battery power . An hour before dawn , the plane still had six hours of flying time left in its solar-fueled batteries . Solar Impulse has a wingspan of more than 206 feet  63 meters  -- the same as an Airbus A340 -- and is nearly 72 feet  22 meters  long . It weighs about 3,500 pounds  1,600 kilograms  and has nearly 12,000 solar cells attached to its wings and horizontal stabilizers . The plane is equipped with four electric engines and has a top speed of about 43 miles  70 kilometers  per hour . "  The goal of the project is to have a solar-powered plane flying day and night without fuel , " said the co-founder of the project , Bertrand Piccard . The Swiss adventurer , who piloted the first nonstop balloon flight around the world in 1999 in the Breitling Orbiter III , said the test flight was "  crucial for the credibility of the project . " The challenge to fly a solar plane around the world was announced in 2003 . With the success of the test flight , a second airplane will be designed to fly much farther next year , with the aim of flying across continents and the Atlantic Ocean . In 2012 , the team hopes to fly Solar Impulse around the world in five stages .	Solar plane completes a 26-hour test flight in Switzerland "  Solar Impulse " project co-founded by Swiss balloonist Bertrand Piccard Plane has nearly 12,000 separate solar cells
Washington  CNN  -- Three weeks until funding starts to dry up for bridge and road projects across the United States , House and Senate committees Thursday put Congress on track toward a deal to avoid construction shutdowns and to keep the federal Highway Trust Fund operating until early next summer . But even as Republicans and Democrats drew closer together , some in the transportation industry decried the nearly $ 11 billion proposals as short-term fixes that leave the nation 's bigger infrastructure issues untouched . House and Senate day of action Without an infusion of cash to the highway fund , the Department of Transportation has warned that road projects may have to start shutting down in August . After months of failed negotiations , key House and Senate committees passed proposals Thursday that were relatively close in scope and content . Previous drafts had differed in the source and size of funding , as well as how long that funding would last . Thursday both the Republican-led House Ways & Means Committee and the Democratic-led Senate Finance Committee passed bills with the same central dollar figure , $ 10.8 billion . That 's enough to keep the fund in business until roughly next summer . The two sides also moved closer on where to get the money . The Senate committee adopted a House idea , including something called pension smoothing , which allows employers to set aside less money for long-term pension funding . One key difference -- the House bill has a more expanded version of the money-raiser , bringing in three times as much money from pension-smoothing than the Senate . The bills are much closer on the amount of money they 'd raise from an extended increase in customs fees . And they would each transfer $ 1 billion out of funds for underground storage leaks . Republican and Democratic senators stressed they had made compromises . Finance Chairman Ron Wyden had previously insisted on a long-term deal . "  Colleagues , I want it understood that  pushing for a longer-term solution  was my position at the beginning of the negotiations , " the Oregon Democrat said to his committee . "  But it was clear that it would not be possible to reach a bipartisan agreement  for a longer-term deal  . " His Republican counterpart echoed the story of tradeoffs . "  While I wo n't say I 've gotten everything I wanted , " ranking Republican Orrin Hatch admitted , " I will say I think we 've reached a deal that can satisfy both Democrats and Republicans . " Differences remain Both bills passed their respective committees on relatively easy voice votes Thursday . But even as they issued warm statements across the north-south axis of the Capitol , lawmakers warned of the remaining differences ahead . "  I commend Chairman Wyden and Senator Hatch for putting together a bill that provides roughly $ 11 billion , as we did , " wrote House Ways & Means Chairman Dave Camp in a statement . "  However ... it is inconceivable that the House would , as the Senate proposes to do , grant the IRS additional authority to audit and investigate taxpayers simply so Washington can spend more money . " Camp 's office would not confirm it , but the Michigan Republican seemed to be objecting to a Senate provision that would increase the amount of time the IRS has to audit taxpayers who incorrectly estimate property values , from three years now to six years . That measure alone raises over $ 1 billion . Each bill is expected to pass its respective chamber , with the House planning to vote on its version next week . Then the two sides must quickly agree to a compromise bill if they want to keep money flowing and avoid construction slowdowns starting in August . Transportation group fires back As lawmakers breathe a cautious sigh of relief and move toward avoiding another crisis , some in the road construction industry see little reason to celebrate . "  These actions are the latest ` punt and leave the stadium ' strategy that has plagued the federal surface transportation program for far too long , " wrote Pete Ruane , president of the American Road and Transportation Builders Association . His group and others have been clamoring for a long-term fix , after 11 stopgap measures in five years . But the politics are a problem . The highway fund currently relies on six types of taxes , including the federal gas tax . And Republicans ' anti-tax mantra has prevented all but a few from supporting any increase in those fees . Hence , what could be a rare ahead-of-deadline deal in Congress looks like continued instability and lack-of-decision to those in road construction . "  Our message to Congress is simple : your job is n't close to being done , " Ruane concluded . Feds warn states : Road construction money running out	The DOT has warned that without an infusion of cash , road projects might start shutting Key House and Senate committees pass proposals to avoid that But some in transportation industry decry short-term fixes instead of longer-range plans
Washington  CNN  -- In less than a month , the government may shut down . Lines are being drawn . Vacations are being canceled . Friends are becoming enemies . Are you concerned yet ? Confused ? Well , if you 're not , you should be . At the center of complex negotiations in Washington is a sturdy little political device known as a continuing resolution , also called a "  CR . " A continuing resolution ? A CR ? What in the heck is that ? Good question . It is a legislative tool designed to keep the government running when the president and Congress ca n't get it together . By October 1 -- the deadline to keep funding everything in the government from the IRS to the Army -- you 'll probably hear the term hundreds of times in news articles and out of the mouths of commentators and pundits . So let 's explain : Q : What is a ` CR ' ? A : It 's a legislative trick to pay the bills . The federal government 's fiscal year starts October 1 . And the one key duty laid out in the Constitution for Congress is to pass spending bills that fund the government . Want a few billion for roads and bridges ? Go see Congress . That aircraft carrier needs a new paint job ? Congress is the place to go . Sounds simple enough , but , in reality , the House and the Senate have n't done their job . In the past year , Congress has n't passed any of the 12 different spending bills that fund the much of the government , including defense programs , transportation projects and education . So when Congress does n't do its job , then it has to pass a continuing resolution , also referred to as a short-term spending bill or a stop-gap spending measure . It is a bill that sidesteps the lengthy budget process and funds the government for a specified period of time . It can last anywhere from a day to a year . CRs are not an anomaly . They have been used 156 times between 1977 and 2011 . And before 1977 , they were so common that Congress changed the start of the fiscal year from July to October to give lawmakers more time to pass the spending bills . That worked for a few years but then Congress settled into the new schedule and , like any high school student -- or journalist on deadline -- it procrastinated . So it had to revert back to the use of CRs to keep the government open . And here we are . Q : Why shut down the government ? A : Yea , why ? And what does CR have to do with a government shutdown ? Often , a CR is a simple legislative extension to accommodate lawmakers who do n't get their work done . It 's not designed to solve a debate embroiled in partisan politics . "  Typically these appropriations bills are not that partisan , " said Steve Ellis , vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense . But that 's not always the case . Congress "  recognizes one of their leverages is the power of the purse , " Ellis said , adding that politicization of the budget process has become more polarized during the Obama administration . House Speaker John Boehner has proposed a short-term spending bill that would fund the government until December 15 . But then politics got in the way . This year , a core group of conservative Republicans in the House wants to tie the entire $ 986 billion annual operating budget to a provision to defund the health care law known as Obamacare . House GOP leaders delay vote on spending bill after conservatives rebel Still , it 's rare that the threat of a government shutdown revolves around a partisan legislative poison pill . More often it 's about spending levels and the size of the government . That 's the track Republicans usually take . Since 2011 , they have used budget battles -- and taken the country to the edge of government shutdown -- to extract $ 2.3 trillion from federal spending . It 's worth it , they say , to rein in the first two years of the Obama administration 's spending spree , which included $ 830 billion in economic stimulus and an expensive new health care law . Q : Have we been here before ? A. Yes . In 1995 and 1996 , President Bill Clinton battled a Republican-led Congress over spending levels  his nemesis was then-Speaker Newt Gingrich  . It ended in a government shutdown -- for 28 days at the end of 1995 and beginning of 1996 -- and the American public largely blamed Congress . Following the shutdown , Clinton gained an enormous political upper hand and Gingrich later lost his job as speaker . While politics seem particularly bad during these times , it 's important to remember that the government has n't actually shut down under this Congress or this president . Yet . Q : So why is this so hard ? A. Passing spending bills is not easy . They can reflect the fundamental differences of governing philosophy . Should we fund school lunches or more tanks ? Aid to Egypt or money for Detroit ? It often takes intense negotiating between the two chambers of Congress and the president . But some in Congress complain that President Barack Obama has not been the easiest guy to work with , especially when it comes to bridging partisan gaps . He rarely interacts with members of Congress , many say they do n't trust him and he has angered once-friends on the Hill with his recent positions on Syria . Congress shifts its focus away from Syria resolution But the fight over the continuing resolution is just an extension of a deeper fight over the budget . Much to the dismay of Republicans , the Senate in recent years has failed to pass even a simple budget , a precursor to spending bills . And even though the Senate finally passed a budget -- it did so in March after the House acted -- leaders in both chambers could n't agree to start the process of combining their versions into a final bill . So the budget went nowhere . Jim Manley , a former aide to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said the budget encapsulates Washington . "  The current budget process symbolizes all that is wrong with Congress right now . It 's broken and needs to be fixed , " he said . Q : But they 're really not going to do this , are they ? A : That 's not clear . House Republican leaders are well aware of the political risks of threatening to shut down the government . They are reluctantly trying to avoid tying a short-term spending bill to defunding Obamacare . Not surprisingly , a CNN/ORC International poll shows that Republicans would again be blamed if the government does shut down . CNN Poll : Who would get blamed for government shutdown ? "  Only a third would consider President Barack Obama responsible for a shutdown , with 51 % pointing a finger at the GOP - up from 40 % who felt that way earlier this year , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . Q : Is n't this a really bad way to run the greatest democracy on Earth ? A : Even if the continuing resolution was n't wrapped up in talks of politics and government shutdown , Ellis argues that "  it 's a terrible way to run government . " CRs fund the government at the same level as the previous year . That means wasteful programs that need to be stopped or cut back are n't , and programs that need more money do n't get it . "  One way to force government to have waste and inefficiency is to have a CR , " Ellis said . Q : Can it get any worse ? A : It could . The CR is going to be one fight the Congress will have over the next couple of weeks . The next fight will be over the debt ceiling -- permitting the government to borrow more money to pay off its past spending debts . But that 's a different story for a different day . CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report	More talk of a government shutdown prevails in Washington Common budget tool to fund the government , the "  continuing resolution , " is becoming more divisive Some Republicans are trying to tie government spending to defunding Obamacare Experts say continuing resolutions are inefficient
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- India offered another $ 20 million in aid to its neighbor and rival Pakistan on Tuesday , but an official in the flood-ravaged country said he has no knowledge of the aid . Abdul Basit , spokesman for Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry , said Tuesday he is not aware of such an offer by India . Basit said India was formally notified that Pakistan would accept an earlier offer of $ 5 million through the United Nations -- but not directly from India . He said Pakistan did not accept the aid directly from India because "  that is our government 's policy . " However , Basit said , Pakistan has received aid directly from other countries . The world community has geared up to help Pakistan recover from the devastating floods . More than 1,600 people have died in the colossal tragedy , according to the country 's disaster authority , and at least 17 million Pakistanis have been affected . In the United States , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton encouraged donations to the Pakistan Relief Fund In television and radio public service announcements released by the Ad Council on Tuesday . The new PSAs , which include television and radio spots and Web banners , urge audiences to visit www.state.gov , where they can make donations . "  Now is a time for our shared humanity to move us to help . That is why the United States government through the Department of State has established the Pakistan Relief Fund for all Americans to join in this tremendous relief , recovery and reconstruction effort , " Clinton says in the message . The money will go toward U.S. government programs or to give money to international programs focused on relief , recovery and reconstruction efforts in Pakistan . Daniel Feldman , deputy to the special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , told reporters on Monday that the flood crest is reaching the Indian Ocean , but it may take weeks to determine what Pakistan will need to recover , and "  we calculate that the needs are going to be absolutely vast . " "  The good news at this point is is that in most places waters are no longer rising but are finally receding , " Feldman said . He also said that the United States is planning to deploy 18 more helicopters to supplement the 15 already there . He said that , in addition to some $ 200 million in aid pledged by the U.S. government , American companies are providing assistance -- including $ 1 million from Coca Cola and $ 1 million and dried food items from Sheraton , $ 1 million from BP , and $ 600,000 in cash and water purification tablets from Procter & Gamble . The U.N. World Health Organization said this week that health services are a priority for humanitarian agencies , as many of those affected by the floods need treatment for diarrhea , skin infections , respiratory problems and malaria . WHO said about 400 of the more than 1,000 health facilities in flood-affected regions have been damaged or destroyed , and it could take months before such facilities can be rebuilt or restored . About 3.7 million people were reported to have received some medical treatment from July 29 to August 23 . . "  Of those , 500,000 were cases of acute diarrhoea , 517,000 involved acute respiratory infections , there were 693,000 cases of skin infections and 94,000 suspected cases of malaria , " the United.Nations said .	An earlier offer via U.N. was OK 'd by Pakistan U.S. ramps up an ad campaign Health care is a major priority
CNN  -- Nike co-founder Phil Knight stunned backers of the Oregon Health & Science University 's cancer institute by announcing he and his wife would put up half of a billion-dollar push for cancer research . The $ 500 million gift from Phil and Penny Knight is contingent on the Portland university 's ability to raise $ 500 million from other donors over the next two years . Knight made the announcement at a Friday night gala for 400 top supporters of the university 's Knight Cancer Institute , which the couple previously had backed with $ 100 million in 2008 , said Dr. Joseph Robertson , president of the university . "  This was probably the biggest surprise of my professional life , " Robertson said . He said university leaders were already at work Saturday planning a national fund-raising campaign to match the Knights ' gift . He said the Knights support the university 's advances in targeted cancer treatments -- shutting down cells that enable cancer without harming healthy cells . "  This great step forward will result in new treatments and earlier detection , " Robertson said . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Phil Knight 's announcement stuns backers of Oregon health university Phil and Penny Knight promise $ 500 million if others put up same amount in two years Couple made earlier gift of $ 100 million University president : Gift will bring new treatments , earlier detection of cancer
CNN  -- It is the eight day period that will define the reign of Jose Mourinho , coach of Spanish giants Real Madrid . And it got off to the perfect start as the Portuguese manager led his side to a crucial 3-1 victory at archrivals Barcelona to seal a place in the Spanish Cup final -- one of only two trophies left for the club to win . Now , after another meeting with Barcelona on Saturday in the league , Mourinho will turn his thoughts to the second leg of their last 16 European Champions League tie against English Premier League leaders Manchester United which arrives next week . The sides drew 1-1 in the first leg . Real trail Barca by 14 points in the league , meaning retaining their title is surely beyond them , but with Mourinho seemingly destined to leave the club at the end of the season his tenure will only be deemed a success should he complete a cup double before May is out . That prospect will only have increased after this emphatic victory in the Camp Nou . Barcelona are dominant in the league but seem to be faltering without their manager Tito Vilanova who has been absent since the beginning of February while he has treatment for throat cancer in New York . They were beaten 2-0 by AC Milan in their Champions League last 16 first leg tie , an encounter in which their star striker Lionel Messi had one of his quietest games on record for the club . He was again nullified as Real cruised to a 4-2 aggregate victory . Real got off to the perfect start when their star striker Cristiano Ronaldo won a penalty after a challenge from Gerard Pique on 13 minutes . The Portuguese picked himself off the floor to slam the spot kick into the net . Cesc Fabregas claimed a penalty as Barca looked to level the tie but the referee waved away his appeals before Andres Iniesta cut in from the right and fired wide of the target . Barcelona 's best chance of the half came when Alvaro Arbeloa brought down Iniesta on the edge of the penalty area . Messi stepped up to take the free kick but though the ball beat the wall it flashed a foot wide of the post . Sergio Busquets forced Real goalkeeper Diego Lopez into his first save of the match with a shot from the edge of the area that took a deflection off Germany international Sami Khedira . But Ronaldo struck a decisive second just before the hour mark . A long ball downfield saw Angel Di Maria beat Barca captain Carles Puyol and though his shot was saved by Pinto , Ronaldo was on hand to tuck home his 16th goal in 19 cup games for Real . It got worse for Barca as Real 's young French centre half Raphael Varane rose unchecked from a corner to head home a third goal that truly knocked the stuffing out of the home side . Jordi Alba grabbed a late consolation goal for Barcelona but by that time many of the 90,000 fans had made their way to the exits . Real will face either city rivals Atletico Madrid or Sevilla in the final . Atletico take a 2-1 first leg lead to Sevilla on Wednesday night . In the English FA Cup , Premier League outfit Everton breezed past third tier Oldham Atheltic in their fifth round replay . Oldham , who eliminated Everton 's Merseyside rivals Liverpool in round four , earned a replay with an injury-time equaliser in the original tie but could n't spring another surprise at Goodison Park , losing 3-1 . First half goals from Kevin Mirallas and England international Leighton Baines put Everton in control before Leon Osman made it 3-0 on the hour mark . Matt Smith grabbed a consolation for Oldham . In Italy , Fiorentina missed the chance to go level on points with AC Milan in fourth as an 84th minute goal from Lazaros Christodoulopoulos handed Bologna a 2-1 win . In the German Cup , VfL Wolfsburg and SC Freiburg progressed to the semifinals after victories over OFC Kickers 1901 and Mainz respectively .	Real Madrid beat rivals Barcelona 3-1 in second leg of their Spanish Cup semifinal Cristiano Ronaldo 's double helps Jose Mourinho 's side triumph 4-2 on aggregate Mourinho 's reign to be defined by Spanish Cup and Champions League campaigns Real and Barcelona to meet in another El Clasico in the league on Saturday
CNN  No agreement was reached in Belarus on Saturday in talks aimed at ending months of deadly fighting between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian rebels , a diplomat with knowledge of the discussions said . The talks in Belarus ' capital , Minsk , ended "  with no signature " on any proposals "  after a couple of hours  of  discussions " relating to the bitter conflict that has killed thousands of people in eastern Ukraine , the diplomat said on condition of anonymity . Discussions were unlikely to resume on Sunday , according to the diplomat . "  Differences were very wide and the atmosphere was described as not fruitful to agreement or cooperation , " the diplomat said . At the meeting were representatives of the Ukrainian government , Russian government and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , as well as representatives of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People 's Republic and Luhansk People 's Republic , Denis Pushilin and Vladislav Deinego , according to Ukraine 's national news agency , Ukrinform . The talks , which came on a week when fighting escalated in eastern Ukraine , had been expected to start Friday but were delayed . A previous ceasefire agreement negotiated in Minsk in September crumbled long ago . In the past 24 hours , 15 Ukrainian soldiers were killed and 33 were wounded , Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council said in its daily update on the situation . The town of Vuglegirsk was the focus of the fiercest fighting on Saturday , the NDSC said , adding that separatist forces are trying to seize it so they can attack the town of Debaltseve afterward . Debaltseve , northeast of Donetsk city , has been the scene of fierce fighting in recent days as separatist forces seek to surround Ukrainian troops . Ukrainian authorities have evacuated 310 civilians from Debaltseve , the NDSC said . But the town 's residents remain at risk . Twelve civilians have died in Debaltseve as the result of the militants ' shelling , Vyacheslav Abroskiv , Donetsk regional police chief , reported on his official Facebook page . He said he was in the town and that the shelling was continuing . The reports of civilian deaths in Debaltseve come a day after shelling in Donetsk city killed 12 people , according to an official with the pro-separatist City Council . CNN could not confirm 12 deaths in Donetsk , but its team in the city saw seven bodies after a series of shell blasts near the center . It 's not clear who is responsible for the shelling . In previous instances , each side has blamed the other . The chief monitor for the OSCE mission in Ukraine , Ambassador Ertugrul Apakan , condemned the shelling of densely populated civilian areas in eastern Ukraine . "  Yet again , innocent civilians have been impacted by the crisis , and yet again we are seeing more bloodshed , " said Apakan . OSCE monitors were on the scene in Donetsk city Friday to examine what happened . "  It should be understood that the main outcome of such violence is a surge in human suffering . I urge all sides to exercise maximum restraint , and fully assume their responsibility to prevent further displacement and suffering , and to redouble their efforts to reach a political settlement , " he said . The government in Kiev and its Western allies accuse Russia of fueling the violence by sending troops and military equipment over the border into Ukraine . Moscow denies the allegation , although it has said some Russian soldiers are fighting as volunteers . From mid-April to January 21 , the conflict killed at least 5,086 people and injured at least 10,948 others , according to the United Nations . Journalist Victoria Butenko and CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Saturday 's talks in Minsk went for two hours but yielded no signatures , diplomat says Ukrainian military says fighting continues near Debaltseve
CNN  -- Severe weather turned deadly Wednesday night in north Texas . Officials say at least 10 tornadoes touched down , leaving at least six people dead and more than 100 injured in the Dallas-Fort Worth area . If you are looking for missing loved ones , you can call 817-579-2888 to get info from Lake Granbury Hospital . One of the hardest hit areas was a community of homes built by Habitat for Humanity in Granbury , Texas . Most of the 110 homes in that neighborhood are completely destroyed . This is a community that will need help to recover from this devastation . The Hood County Sheriff 's Office urges people wishing to volunteer to report to the First United Methodist Church , 301 Loop 567 in Granbury . Several groups are in Hood County getting the effort started . The Red Cross The Red Cross is on the scene and providing shelter for those who need it . It has opened two shelters in Hood County and you can find their locations here . The Red Cross is not collecting items but encourages monetary donations at this time . You can use the Red Cross ' Safe and Well site to alert your loved ones that you are safe or if you are concerned about someone you ca n't reach . The Salvation Army The Salvation Army went into action Wednesday night , deploying three Disaster Canteen mobile kitchens to the area , with two more on standby . These canteens provide food as well as emotional and spiritual support for the residents and first responders affected by the storm . The Humane Society of North Texas When homes are lost , families are displaced , including pets . And when there are only moments to get to safety , pets can become separated from their owners in the chaos . The Humane Society of North Texas is bringing a trailer to the area to help with animal control and displaced animals . Habitat for Humanity Many of these homes were built by Habitat for Humanity and the Dallas chapter has vowed to stand by the families of Grandbury . They are assessing the damage and will respond accordingly when needs are determined . In the meantime they will welcome and encourage donations on behalf of the rebuilding effort and will have volunteer opportunities listed on their site soon .	Tornadoes leave at least six dead , more than 100 injured in Dallas-Fort Worth area The Red Cross currently has two shelters open for those in need The Salvation Army is on the scene providing food and spiritual support Humane Society is helping with animal control and displaced animals
CNN  -- George H.W. Bush marked his 80th and 85th birthdays with parachute jumps . He said after the second jump : "  Just because you 're an old guy , you do n't have to sit around drooling in the corner . Get out and do something . Get out and enjoy life . " Now 88 , Bush has been struggling with serious health concerns , including bronchitis . We need him to recover , to set an example for the world of how a man can mark his 90th . The son of a U.S. senator , Bush has been a naval aviator hero , oil millionaire , member of Congress , ambassador to China , CIA director , vice president of the United States and then the president who managed the end of the Cold War . He has lived more life than seems possible for any single human being . The achievements of that remarkable life are overshadowed by one negative fact : Along with Herbert Hoover and Jimmy Carter , George H.W. Bush is only one of three 20th-century presidents to have lost re-election . Yet while Hoover 's presidency and Carter 's are largely regarded as failures by posterity , the judgment on Bush 's has become more forgiving over time . Eighteen months ago , former President Bill Clinton paid this tribute to his predecessor in office : "  George W. Bush did me one of the great favors of my life . He asked me , not once , but twice , to work with his father to help people in need : first in South Asia in the tsunami and then in the Gulf Coast after Katrina . All told , we took seven trips together . It was an amazing experience . This man , whom I 'd always liked and respected and then run against in a painful campaign in some ways , I literally came to love . " In the years ahead , we will hear more such tributes -- tributes that may at last do justice to a president whose most important accomplishment has been persistently undervalued and misattributed . In the summer of 1987 , President Ronald Reagan visited divided Berlin and urged , "  Mr. Gorbachev , tear down this wall . " It was a stirring moment , a stunning speech . In documentaries about the end of the Cold War , that speech always gets prominent attention , as it should . Yet it is also true that after Reagan spoke his words ... nothing much happened . Nothing much happened for a year . Nothing much happened for a second year . Not until deep in 1989 , two years later , did the communist system in central Europe begin its implosion : first in Poland , then in Hungary and only in November of 1989 in eastern Germany . In one ecstatic night , the East German regime 's border guards did nothing as local protesters overwhelmed the dividing wall . Then morning came , and Europe confronted the same question it had confronted for half a century : What would Russia do ? Since 1945 , the Soviet rulers had made clear they would plunge the world into war rather than accept a reunited Germany . In November 1989 , they still commanded the power to do just that . Over the next few months , the Soviets changed their minds . They acquiesced to the surrender of their single most fundamental geopolitical claim . They acquiesced without violence and without getting much of anything in return . In the history of world diplomacy , there has never been a negotiation like this one . That work of negotiation fell not to the eloquent Ronald Reagan but to George H.W. Bush , who never saw a speech he did n't mangle . There is no "  tear down this wall " clip by Bush . But it was during his presidency that the wall was in fact demolished -- and not by some lucky accident but after months of agonizing work by Germans and Americans together . There 's a saying in Hollywood : "  He who will not toot his own horn , his horn shall not be tooted . " George Herbert Walker Bush is an inveterate non-horn-tooter . He did not toot his horn over the end of the Cold War . He did not toot his own horn over his deficit reductions . He believed that horn-tooting risked alienating the very people whose cooperation had made the accomplishment possible in the first place . Very likely , he was right , too . As the former president fights off the illness that sent him to the hospital , though , perhaps it would be well if he did hear a few toots from other people 's horns : the Germans and other Central Europeans whose progress to freedom his diplomacy assisted ; the Kuwaitis who owe their country to him ; and too-neglectful Americans , to whom he bequeathed a world more peaceful , more stable and more free . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : George H.W. Bush , 88 , must recover to continue to inspire on way to 90 Bush has packed much into life : war hero , ambassador , CIA chief , VP , president He says elder Bush not given enough credit for role in shepherding end of Cold War Frum : Bush will not toot own horn ; others  Kuwaitis , Eastern Europeans , Americans  should
Malabo , Equatorial Guinea  CNN  In front of me was utter chaos -- angry , screaming fans . But there were scared , scurrying fans , too . Above a helicopter hovered over the Estadio de Malabo , the venue of Thursday 's Africa Cup of Nations semifinal between Equatorial Guinea and Ghana . For about 12 hours before the game kicked off , that dark blue and yellow chopper had been pacing the skies around the stadium , as if it had a premonition as to what would happen that night . "  I 've never played in front of anything like that and I 'd like to say sorry on behalf of my team . It was an odd experience -- one I 've never felt before , " said Equatorial Guinea star Emilio Nsue after his team lost 3-0 . The host nation 's fans started the match with hopes of Equatorial Guinea making its first ever AFCON final , before they started grumbling when decisions did n't go their way . Meltdown then ensued . Ahead of kick off the mood had been one of optimism . Earlier the country 's state owned Television GE had taken calls on its build up show and every one of the 35 callers had predicted a 2-0 win or more for Equatorial Guinea . . That might partly explain why the home fans became so angry . The weird Ghana 's third goal -- scored by captain Andre Ayew -- was the cue for the missile throwing and pelting to intensify . But amid the madness , there was also humanity . "  We shall protect you , " said Bruno Ekedo , a middle-aged man clad in the red jersey of the Nzalang Nacional , as the home team are affectionately called . "  If they try to come near you we will hit them with this , " he said with a grunt as he lifted a metal barricade with POLICIA emblazoned on it , before adding that he was disgusted by the "  stupidity of some of the fans . " Equatorial Guinea was the first AFCON host nation to reach the semifinals since Ghana did it in 2008 and perhaps there was a sense that a final appearance on Sunday was preordained . "  But that does not give you the right to beat people who have come to play good football , does it ? " said an exasperated Ekedo , as he tried to call the attention of the police to two men in the crowd shaking their fists and making menacing gestures at the Ghanaian journalists in the press box . Then the smoke bombs and tear gas started flying , with the Ghana Football Association characterizing the scenes as a "  like a war zone . " Going outside Ekedo was n't the only local to make it their business to help out . "  There were four guys from the street who just saw my friends and I and decided to help us , " said Selina Opare , sporting a cut to her left eye from a rock thrown at her group of girls wearing bright Ghana-themed dresses . "  They made us take off our dresses and they gave us their shirts . We wore their Equatorial Guinea jerseys and they walked on the road bare chested so we were able to get back to the Ghana Embassy safely . " While the Ghana FA president Kwesi Nyantakyi called the actions of fans "  barbaric " and "  uncivilized , " he also acknowledged the efforts of the "  very few good men who opted to help us . " VIDEO : See the chopper flying literally above the stands . This one na movie oh ! #afcon2015 pic.twitter.com/0NW3XFBNHV Disappointment and then ... hope Returning to my hotel I found it filled with people from the stadium who could n't go home because of the chaotic nature of the streets . As I was going back to my room , a familiar face walked in . "  Mi amigo ! " It was Ekedo , who was volunteering to help with the transportation needs of any stranded Ghanaian fans . Equatorial Guinea can expect some unfavorable headlines in the coming days and weeks , but the unheralded helpers show that African football -- and Africa -- is not all that bad .	Thursday 's Africa Cup of Nations was overshadowed by violence in the stadium Hosts Equatorial Guinea were beaten 3-0 by Ghana , prompting angry scenes Ghana will play Ivory Coast in Sunday 's final
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Malala Yousefzai now has a day named after her and more than two million people from around the world pledging to carry on her fight for girls ' education . The United Nations has declared November 10 as Malala day to honor the 15 year-old Pakistani activist who was shot in the head one month ago by the Taliban , which wanted to silence her campaign for education . Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown marked the occasion here on Friday by delivering a petition to the Pakistani government with one million signatures calling on Islamabad to enroll every Pakistani boy and girl in primary school . Brown : Time to turn slogan into reality Pakistani civil society organizations matched the U.N. 's signature drive with a petition of their own , signed by 1.2 million Pakistanis supporting Malala 's cause . "  The march for the right to girls ' education can not be stopped , " Brown told students during a visit to a girls ' school in Islamabad . "  Indeed it is unstoppable . " In Pakistan , girls ' education has long been hampered by widespread poverty , a bias against girls ' education by hardline Islamist groups , and what many view as a corrupt government . Malala : From near death to recovery According to U.N. figures , 32 million of the world 's school-aged girls do not get an education . Roughly 10 percent of those girls -- 3.1 million -- live in Pakistan . In a country where nearly 50 million Pakistanis ca n't read or write , two-thirds are women -- the third highest number of illiterate women in the world . A Population Council report this year said Pakistan spends less public money on education than any other south Asian country . The U.N. says Pakistan spends seven times more on the military than on primary education . Despite the statistics , the attack on Malala appears to have brought renewed hope and energy in the campaign to educate Pakistan 's girls . "  There 's a huge momentum now , " Brown said . "  People are saying I was silent before but I 'm not going to be silent as long as girls are denied an education . " But for now , there 's only the promise of help . The Pakistani government , the U.N. , the World Bank , and other international organizations have set an April 2013 deadline to come up with a plan to provide education to all of Pakistan 's school-aged children by the end of 2015 .	Ex-UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown delivers girls ' education petition Islamabad Brown : The march for the right to girls ' education can not be stopped U.N. : Pakistan spends seven times more on military than on primary education
Washington  CNN  -- White House Ebola czar Ron Klain on Tuesday downplayed the chances of Ebola being used as a biological weapon after a scare in New Zealand . Klain said he was briefed Tuesday after a small vial supposedly sent by jihadis and containing Ebola was sent to the offices of the New Zealand Herald newspaper . The newspaper sent the vial to Australia for testing . "  Based on our best information , I think the odds are high that this turns out to be a hoax , " Klain said on CNN 's "  The Lead " with Jake Tapper . He said U.S. officials are "  always watching intelligence traffic and other indicators " to see if terror groups are using Ebola or other diseases as biological weapons , but that "  we 're not aware of any credible threat " and that the odds of that happening are low . Klain touted the overall U.S. response to Ebola cases here and to the outbreak in West Africa , saying health officials have "  tried to learn the lessons from Dallas , " where the first case was diagnosed in the United States , by increasing training , preparation and protective gear at health facilities nationwide . "  What we 've shown now is that we can successfully identify and isolate an Ebola patient , we can make sure he does n't infect other people , we can treat him , and we can send him home safely , " he said . When President Barack Obama tapped Klain as his Ebola response coordinator , Republican lawmakers howled that the long-time political operative -- Klain served as Vice President Joe Biden 's chief of staff and helped Obama with debate preparation during his re-election campaign -- is n't a medical professional . But Klain told Tapper on Tuesday that he is n't serving in a role that requires a medical background . "  My role is n't to give medical advice , it 's to coordinate this massive response that President Obama has marshaled here at home and in Africa , " Klain said .	Ebola czar Ron Klain says a report of Ebola being used as a weapon is likely a hoax Klain says the United States is always watching to see if terror groups are using Ebola He says the United States can now "  successfully identify and isolate an Ebola patient "
CNN  -- Sporadic and intermittent gunfire rang out in Zamboanga City for a fourth day on Thursday as armed forces continued to clash with Muslim Moro National Liberation Front rebels holding as many as 180 hostages on the Philippine island of Mindanao . Lt. Colonel Ramon Zagala , spokesman for the Philippines Armed Forces  AFP  , told CNN that government troops currently had "  contained " an estimated 180 MNLF rebels in five districts of the mainly Christian city . "  Right now we went to ensure that we keep them in those locations so they ca n't get in and they ca n't get out , " he said . "  But unfortunately they are holding between 160 and 180 hostages . " He said their original plan had been to land by sea and march on Zamboanga 's city hall and raise the MNLF flag . "  We stopped that but now our immediate concern is the safety and the security of the hostages , " Zagala said , adding that Philippines troops were under orders to contain the rebels and were not engaged in what he called "  offensive operations . " He said the intermittent gunfire that could be heard across the city was a part of the containment operation . "  Sometimes these elements  rebels  are trying to punch out and they fire at us so we also fire at them , " Zagala said . He said the condition of the hostages was not known , but crisis managers were concerned about a lack of food and water . Zagala said rebels had killed two government troops -- one during the first encounter at sea and the second was killed by sniper fire on Tuesday -- and wounded 17 more . AFP forces had recovered one rebel body . "  We ca n't verify the rebel body count because we do n't have the bodies but the best figure that we have is that AFP has killed 14 MNLF , " he said . Almost 13,000 people have been evacuated from the districts of Talon-Talon , Santa Barbara , Santa Catalina , Kasanyangan , Canela and Mampang in Zamboanga , government sources said . Zamboanga 's mayor , Isabelle Climaco Salazar , told a press briefing that she had been in direct contact with the head of the MNLF rebels , Nur Misuari , and the leader of the hostage takers , Habier Malik . "  Last night I was able to talk to Chairman Nur Misuari hoping that it would pave the way for the peaceful end of this crisis , " Climaco said . "  What is of interest is that Misuari disowned the actions of Habier Malik , the leader of the hostage-takers with whom I communicated separately . " Zagala said that while Misuari had disavowed the actions of Malik , saying that the commanders in the MNLF were free to carry out actions as they wished , he said it was the government 's belief that Misuari was behind the current rebel action . The MNLF , a separatist movement founded in 1971 by Nur Misuari with the aim of establishing an autonomous region for Muslims in this mainly Catholic country , signed a peace deal with the central government in Manila in 1996 , though some of its members have broken away to continue a violent campaign . Last month , Misuari issued a "  declaration of independence " for the Moro nation -- referring to Mindanao 's indigenous Muslim population -- after complaining that the MNLF had been left out of a recent wealth-sharing agreement with another insurgent group , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , or MILF , which has fought for decades to set up an independent Islamic state on the resource-rich island of Mindanao . Under the agreement signed this year , Muslims will get a 75 % share of income derived from the exploitation of metallic minerals in the area -- reported to include gold and copper . The current stand-off is believed to be linked to the terms of the agreement . Philippine President Benigno Aquino 's plan is to achieve lasting peace in the region by 2016 when his term ends . Agreements have yet to be reached on power-sharing and normalization , which means giving up arms . A report published last year by the International Crisis Group warned that the peace process needed to find ways to support insurgents as they build normal , civilian lives .	Sporadic gunfire as troops contain Muslim rebels in Zamboanga City Reports show smoke billowing from the Santa Catalina district Two AFP troops have been killed and an estimated14 rebels killed Zamboanga mayor says negotiations are continuing with rebels
CNN  -- For the 20 million residents of Beijing , air pollution -- and the lack of official information about it -- is a constant concern . Until recently , eye-watering smog was the only reliable sign that car fumes and smoke had reached unsafe levels , but now two young designers have come up with a more elegant and accurate indicator of air quality . Xiaowei Wang worked with Deren Guler , a fellow design student , to develop the concept of FLOAT Beijing , a network of air-quality monitors fixed to the kites traditionally flown across the city . Lights controlled by sensorS and trailing along the kite string like fireflies would give a simple readout of pollution levels : green for safe and red for danger . Kites flying has a long history in Beijing , which helped Wang and Guler to get local residents involved in the project -- something that they considered crucial to its success . They organized a series of workshops at which people could modify their own kites , turning them into mobile air-quality monitors . "  At first we were really worried no local citizens would show up to any of the workshops , that it might just be university students or expats who already have access to things like Twitter , " Wang says -- but they were amazed at how many elderly people joined in . "  They were incredibly excited and it tapped into their  sense of  youthful activism , and they started telling neighbors , bringing their grandchildren to the events . " Read this : Tiny computer takes prize at design awards Wang said that the workshops also helped break down barriers between the kite fliers and the equipment they were working with . "  It was not just about putting technology into a black box or having people buy modules that they could read data off , " she said . "  It was really allowing people to see how  the sensors  functioned and therefore develop a relationship to the technology . " The sensors used for the project measure carbon monoxide , ozone and general particulates . Guler acknowledges that the traffic-light readouts provide a ballpark guide to pollution levels rather than specific quantitative data , and that some critics and supporters have suggested they adopt a more rigorous approach . In response , she says that the simplicity of the data is one of its strengths . "  We did n't just collect the data and put it on a spreadsheet online , " she says . "  We displayed it in a way that was really intuitive . Everyone understood that different colors mean different pollution levels and just the activity of kite flying itself was also a really exciting way to distribute information . " Designers often start with a small-scale solution to a big problem , according to Patrick Frick . He is a member of the jury for the INDEX : Awards -- held last week , and for which FLOAT was nominated -- and a partner at Social Investors , a consultancy that advises people trying to tackle social and environmental challenges . "  They start by sketching out an idea , followed by building prototypes that can then be tested with early users , " he said . "  The feedback received can then be used to further improve the product . FLOAT is at that early stage . "  For FLOAT to have the maximum impact , it must succeed in creating a larger demand for its product and get it to the buyer . The hope is that FLOAT receives more attention now through the nomination , which in turn helps the designers to attract partners that can help develop the product further , mass-produce and distribute it . " One recent upgrade the designers have made is to add a GPS locator and a memory card to the sensor , so the kite fliers will now be able to record pollution readings over time and plot them on maps of the city . The intention is that these pollution maps should be open source , so that anyone in the city can analyze or add to the data . "  We 're really interested in the more political aspects of data , " Guler says . "  What we 're really interested in is finding a way to distribute intelligence as opposed to just information , and empowering people to interpret the data . "	A pair of young designers have created kites that monitor Beijing 's air quality Lights on the kite string would give a simple readout of pollution levels Kites ' rich history in Beijing made it easier to get local residents ' support
London  CNN  -- Rupert Murdoch is the last of a dying breed : An old-fashioned press baron with ink running through his veins , a hefty checkbook , and a hunger for the next big story . Now aged 83 , he has spent the past half century turning a business that began with one local Australian newspaper into a massive multimedia empire which spans the globe and includes TV , online , film and print interests . The phone-hacking scandal forced him to close the British tabloid that was his pride and joy , News of the World , and for a time even appeared to jeopardize his global empire , valued by Forbes at $ 9.4 billion . It led the powerful businessman to submit himself for questioning by British politicians , where he declared : "  This is the most humble day of my life . " But Murdoch bounced back from the crisis , and he remains at the helm of his global empire . In 2013 , News International , the UK subsidiary of Murdoch 's News Corp. was rebranded News UK , while News Corp. itself split into two separate entities . News Corp. is now focused on publishing while 21st Century Fox encompasses television and film assets . This month , Forbes estimated the net worth of Murdoch and his family at $ 14.5 billion , adding that stocks from the two companies had boosted his worth by more than $ 2 billion in the past year . The same year , Murdoch filed for divorce from his third wife , Wendi Deng . Deng had grabbed headlines when she lunged to defend her husband from a pie-throwing intruder at a 2011 parliamentary hearing in London , earning her the sobriquet "  tiger wife . " But speculation about the state of the couple 's relationship had swirled for months before Murdoch 's spokesman confirmed the divorce . One tweet fittingly declared that Murdoch had gone "  from tabloid boss to tabloid prey . " The media mogul was kept on the edge of the limelight from October 2013 , when former employees went on trial for alleged phone hacking . The newspaper business is in Murdoch 's blood . Born in Melbourne , Australia , in 1931 , he was one of four children -- the only son -- of a celebrated journalist and his debutante-turned-philanthropist wife . His father , Keith Murdoch , was a reporter who exposed the horrific conditions experienced by Anzac troops fighting at Gallipoli in World War I , and went on to manage a large newspaper company . "  I was raised in a newspaper family by a father who believed that the newspaper was among the most important instruments of human freedom , " Murdoch declared in his 2008 Boyer Lectures . His mother , Elisabeth , was inspired to devote her life to "  good works " as a schoolgirl . At the time of her death in 2012 , aged 103 , she remained a supporter of more than 100 charities , and enjoyed an almost regal status in Australia . Murdoch was studying at Oxford when his father died in 1952 . Mentored -- like his father -- by press baron Lord Beaverbrook , he learned his trade as a reporter in Birmingham , England and as a Â # 10-a-week sub-editor at Beaverbrook 's Daily Express in London before returning home to take charge of the family business . "  I found myself a newspaper proprietor at the age of 22 , " Murdoch said in 2008 . "  I was so young and so new to the business that when I pulled my car into the lot on my first day , the garage attendant admonished me , ` Hey sonny , you ca n't park here . ' " Despite his youth , the new boss of the Adelaide News took to the job like a duck to water , quickly getting embroiled in a newspaper war -- the first of many -- with local rival the Adelaide Advertiser . "  It cost a great deal , " he said . "  But it taught me that with good editors and a loyal readership , you can challenge better-heeled and more established rivals -- and succeed . " He was soon looking to expand the company : After buying up other local papers across the country , in 1964 , he set up Australia 's first national newspaper , The Australian , and in 1969 , moved overseas to purchase his first UK paper , News of the World , shortly followed by The Sun . The sensationalism and sex on the pages of some of his papers provoked shock and anger among his competitors on Fleet Street , and earned Murdoch a number of less than complimentary nicknames . As Ian Hislop , editor of British satirical magazine Private Eye , told CNN : " -LSB- We have -RSB- referred to Murdoch as the Dirty Digger throughout his long career , and it 's not an accident ; he does dig up dirt and then puts it in papers and sells it . " His hunger for the latest scoops -- and his willingness to pay for them -- have ensured massive sales figures , but have also caused controversy over the years , from Christine Keeler 's kiss-and-tell over the Profumo scandal , to the "  Hitler Diaries "  later revealed to be fakes  to O.J. Simpson 's "  If I Did It " book . That desire to be first with the big news has led some to question his methods -- even before the phone-hacking scandal . "  He ran close to what might be considered journalistic ethics , " said Lou Colasuonno , former editor-in-chief of the New York Post , which Murdoch took over in 1976 . "  I 'm not saying he broke the law , I 'm not saying he did anything illegal , but I am saying he 's aggressive in getting stories . " Print unions That aggression was evident in the mid-1980s when Murdoch , by then the owner of London 's Times and Sunday Times papers , broke the stranglehold of the unions on the country 's print industry . After months of plotting , the media titan switched his operations from Fleet Street to Wapping , in the east end of London , and from hot metal to computerized systems overnight , forcing hundreds of printers out of work . "  He was the man who tamed the print unions so that newspapers became incredibly profitable , " said Martin Dunn , former deputy editor of the Sun and News of the World . Those profits were plowed into Murdoch 's growing Fox network of TV and film interests in the United States , helping to create the corporate behemoth that is News Corp. , which now also owns the influential Wall Street Journal , America 's largest circulation daily . The thrice-married father-of-six Murdoch has long been at the center of a frenzied succession debate -- something the current scandal only complicates . His oldest four children -- daughters Prudence and Elisabeth , and sons Lachlan and James -- all have a say in the running of the company . His youngest daughters Grace  born 2001  and Chloe  born 2003  , with Wendi Deng , are both said to have a financial share in News Corp. . Famously hands-on , Murdoch has never shied away from getting stuck in -- whether tracking down a story , or dictating the political direction of his papers . "  If I see things in the paper which I think are incorrect , I 'll certainly point it out and say ` so-and-so made a mistake here , ' or ` this was n't as good a report as was in the opposition newspapers , ' " he told the makers of BBC documentary "  Who 's Afraid of Rupert Murdoch ? " in 1981 . "  I ... have the right to insist on excellence . " On the same program , Robert Spitzler , former managing editor of the New York Post said Murdoch 's role went beyond commenting and suggesting . "  Rupert wrote headlines , Rupert shaped stories , Rupert dictated the leads of stories , " he said . "  Rupert was everywhere . " In a 1968 television interview , Murdoch admitted that he enjoyed the power his position gave him , but -- in remarks that now seem more relevant than ever -- insisted : "  We have more responsibility than power , I think . "  A newspaper can create great controversies , stir up arguments within the community ... can throw light on injustices , just as it can do the opposite , can hide things and be a great power for evil . " But even those who may be considered his enemies recognize Murdoch 's business acumen . "  He 's a dealmaker , he 's a brilliant businessman , " Michael White , of the UK 's Guardian newspaper , which broke the hacking story , told CNN . "  He 's a great strategic mind . "	Rupert Murdoch took charge of his first newspaper in Australia at the age of 22 He spent the next 50 years expanding into TV , press , internet , sport , and movies Forbes estimates the 83-year-old media mogul and his family 's wealth at $ 14.5 billion
CNN  Enjoy the latest pictures of the former Kate Middleton . They 're the last you 'll see for a while . The Duchess of Cambridge made her last official appearance Friday at a variety of spots across London , enjoying tours of a learning center and a church that hosts a youth charity . The former , the Stephen Lawrence Centre , is named for an aspiring architect who was stabbed to death at age 18 in 1993 . His mother , Baroness Lawrence , escorted Catherine and her husband , Prince William , around the facility . Catherine , 33 , is scheduled to give birth in mid - to late April , she said this month . It will be the second child for her and Prince William , 32 . Their son , Prince George , was born in July 2013 .	Duchess of Cambridge makes last official appearance , due to give birth next month Kate and Prince William have a son , George
Three Kurdish women political activists were found dead with gunshots to the head early Thursday , police in Paris said , in an unexplained act of violence that has shocked the Kurdish community . CNN 's Ivan Watson explains what the impact of the killings is likely to be , and how the conflict between Kurdish nationalists and Turkey affects the rest of the world . Q  What are the possible consequences of the killings ? A  A spokesman for the leadership of the PKK and its affiliate the KCK in Northern Iraq , Roj Welat has confirmed to CNN that one of the women killed , Sakine Cansiz , was one of the founding members of the PKK . He called the murders an "  ideological and political assassination , a terror attack against the Kurdish people . " These murders have clearly dropped a bombshell on the tightly-knit Kurdish community in France and probably throughout the substantial Kurdish diaspora in Europe . We can certainly expect protests and memorial demonstrations in Europe . And the murders in Paris are already having ripple effects all the way over here in Turkey , where the Kurds make up the country 's largest -LSB- and historically oppressed -RSB- ethnic minority . Kurdish leaders in Turkey are calling for Kurds to "  rise in protest wherever they are to condemn this massacre . " A huge concern is what impact the killings might have on a new historic round of talks between the Turkish government and the jailed PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan , as well as other figures in the Kurdish movement . Many Turkish commentators fear it may derail these negotiations . Aliza Marcus , author of "  Blood and Belief : The PKK and the Kurdish fight for Independence , " an inluential book on the PKK , wrote to me in an email , saying : "  One thing is for sure , this is n't good for the rumored peace process . " Q  Is it possible to speculate about who might have done it , and why now ? A  There is much speculation already about who might have carried out these murders . Kurdish groups and Turkish commentators are already interpreting this as a politically-motivated act of violence , even though it will certainly take some time for investigators to conclude who carried out the shootings . There are extremists on both sides of the Turkish-Kurdish conflict who may seek to derail the negotiation process that has been under way for more than a month between the Turkish government and Ocalan , as well as other figures in the Kurdish movement . Huseyin Celik , the spokesman for Turkey 's ruling Justice and Development Party , already told journalists that "  when you look at how it was carried out , it seems like an internal settling of scores within the PKK . " Certainly , the PKK has a history of killing dissidents within the Kurdish movement , says Hugh Pope , senior Turkey analyst for the International Crisis Group . He told me : "  You do have to remember that the PKK has a long history of killing its own people . " Meanwhile , the Turkish state has long relied on military force , arrests and law suits to crush the Kurdish movement inside Turkey . The Turkish-PKK war is one of the longest-running conflicts in the Middle East , with more than 40,000 people killed since the 1980s . Many Kurds view the Turkish government and armed forces as mortal enemies , while many Turks label the PKK and anyone affiliated with the PKK as "  terrorists . " So certainly I can expect some Kurds will accuse Turks of assassinating these three women , even if there is no evidence to back up that claim . Q  Who are the PKK and what are they fighting for ? A  The PKK , or Kurdistan Workers Party , was founded in 1978 in Turkey as a Marxist , pan-Kurdish nationalist movement . In 1984 , it started armed combat against the Turkish state with the goal of establishing a broader Kurdistan in the Middle East , which would unite Kurdish minorities divided between Turkey , Iran , Iraq and Syria . That goal has been largely dropped over the last decade -- certainly since Turkish authorities arrested Ocalan in 1999 . Now the PKK appears to have much more limited goals : battling for Kurdish "  cultural freedoms " in Turkey as well as some degree of autonomy for the Kurds , who are predominantly settled in south-eastern Turkey . There are PKK fighters battling Turkish security forces in the hills of south-eastern Turkey , as well as camps and training bases strung out along remote mountains in northern Iraq , along the border with Turkey . The PKK enjoys substantial support and reportedly relies on fund-raising from within the Kurdish diaspora in Europe . Finally , given the pro-PKK demonstrations I 've covered , there is support for the PKK in Istanbul , which is not only Turkey 's most populous city , but also the largest Kurdish city in the world . Why ? Because hundreds of thousands of Kurds fled the war and punitive Turkish military operations in south-eastern Turkey in the 1990s and were forced to resettle in western Turkish cities . The PKK has been officially labeled a terrorist organization by Turkey , as well as the US and many european countries . Q  How many expat Kurds live in European cities ? Where are most based ? A  Europe is home to a substantial Kurdish diaspora , with large communities in France , Britain , Germany , the Netherlands and Belgium . According to a report from the International Crisis Group , there are 1 to 1.5 million Kurds originating from Turkey living in Europe ; the bulk of them , with an estimated population of 800,000 , are in Germany . The pro-PKK television station Roj TV , is believed to broadcast from Europe . Q  How do the killings , possible consequences , and the guerrilla war that the PKK has fought for nearly three decades against Turkey affect the rest of the world ? A  The Turkey-PKK conflict is one of the longest-running conflicts in the Middle East . It is a conflict that constantly bleeds across borders , destabilizing relations between Turkey , Iran , Iraq and Syria . It also ripples throughout Europe , with the Turkish government constantly accusing European countries of not doing enough to stop PKK fund-raising and recruitment in European cities . At the height of the Turkish-PKK war , PKK activists were reported to shut down highways in Germany . I personally recall first encountering the PKK when I worked in Moscow in 1999 , when the CNN bureau received a terrifying video of several PKK supporters setting themselves on fire in Moscow to protest the arrest of Ocalan . In recent months , the conflict has reached the deadliest levels in at least 13 years , with hundreds of Turkish soldiers and security forces as well as Kurdish rebel fighters killed over the last year . Q  Have n't the talks between Turkey and the Kurds been making progress recently ? A  There is surprising support for the talks not only from the Turkish government , but also from opposition political parties as well as from influential voices in the Turkish media . I get the sense that Turkish society is exhausted by the weekly and daily deaths of conscript soldiers . Turkey will have to make substantial , long overdue compromises if it is ever to make peace with its Kurds , such as removing discriminatory statements in the constitution and allowing Kurdish language education in schools . There have been other , largely covert attempts at negotiations over the last 4 years , but they have been accompanied by a parallel increase in violence and killing in the blood-soaked hills of south-eastern Turkey .	The murder of three Kurdish women political activists remains a mystery A spokesman for PKK and KCK told CNN the attacks were assassinations "  Expect protests and memorial demonstrations in Europe " , says Watson In Turkey , Kurds are the largest and oppressed ethnic minority , says Watson
CNN  -- Within hours of the announcement that Levon Helm was in the final stages of cancer , fans flooded his Facebook page with messages of support and fond recollections of the drummer and backbone of The Band . By early Wednesday , more than 7,000 comments were posted . "  Truly one of our greatest musicians , " said Kip Millwee . "  May he find his way absent of pain and in an ocean of peace . " "  We 'll keep dancing to your beat , " posted Joan Gummels . "  Thanks for all the good times . " "  When I had the privilege to feel your energy at the Harvest Jazz and Blues Festival ... You rocked my world , " Courtney Anne Steeves said . "  Keep on shining . " Some fans shared memories from decades past . "  I was at Woodstock and heard you play ! " Sarah James recalled . "  It was so marvelous and a memory I will have till I leave this earth . " Helm 's wife , Sandy , and daughter Amy posted a message to the artist 's website regarding his condition on Tuesday . "  Please send your prayers and love to him as he makes his way through this part of his journey , " his wife , Sandy , and daughter Amy wrote in a message posted to the artist 's website . "  Thank you fans and music lovers who have made his life so filled with joy and celebration ... he has loved nothing more than to play , to fill the room up with music , lay down the back beat , and make the people dance ! He did it every time he took the stage , " they said . During an induction speech Saturday at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , Helm 's former bandmate Robbie Robertson offered his "  prayers and love " for the drummer . Born in Elaine , Arkansas , in 1940 , the son of a cotton farmer , Helm rose to fame in the late 1960s and 1970s as a member of The Band , a folk rock group . His soulful , drawling vocals highlighted many of the group 's hit recordings , such as "  The Weight , " "  The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down , " and "  Up on Cripple Creek . " Helm , 71 , was diagnosed with throat cancer in 1998 . He fell on hard times as cancer took his voice and medical bills threatened his house . "  You got to pick one -- pay your medical bills or pay the mortgage . Most people ca n't do both , and I 'm not different , " he told CNN in 2010 . So The Barn , as the residence is known around Helm 's adopted hometown of Woodstock , New York , became the setting for what he called a "  last celebration . " Not quite . Instead , The Barn became the center of an unlikely and unrivaled rock 'n' roll revival . It was there that Helm regularly hosted the Midnight Ramble , weekly concerts that attracted sell-out crowds and all-star support from the likes of Emmylou Harris , Kris Kristofferson and Steely Dan 's Donald Fagen . The result not only paid the bills but also led to a creative resurgence for Helm , with his collaborations producing back-to-back Grammy-winning albums : 2007 's "  Dirt Farmer " and 2009 's "  Electric Dirt . " "  If I had my way about it , we 'd probably do it every night , " Helm said . "  I never get tired of it . " CNN 's Dana Ford , John Branch and Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	Fans flock to his Facebook page to share memories His family asks for prayers as Helm , 71 , "  makes his way through this part of his journey " He was diagnosed with throat cancer in 1998 The Band drummer rose to fame in the late 1960s and 1970s ; fell on hard times in 1990s
