ONDO , Nigeria  CNN  -- In the dark of the early morning , the assembled drug agents murmur a short prayer before setting out on an early morning drugs raid . A agent torches marijuana plants found in the Nigerian forests but there could be hundreds more farms . After a few short orders , we set off into the deep undergrowth of southern Nigeria 's forests on a tip-off that somewhere ahead are hidden farms illegally growing cannabis . "  It 's dangerous because some of them have machetes and in the deeper forest they have pump action shotguns that they use , " explained Gaura Shedow , Nigeria 's narcotics commander for Ondo state . Nigeria 's National Drug Law Enforcement Agency , or NDLEA , are battling to stop drugs illegally transited through the country , from Latin America and Asia into Europe and the U.S. , spilling over into the streets of Nigeria . As we approach the farm , orders go for out for silence and torches out . The agents spill into an opening in the dense forest , and in the red-glow of the rising sun we can make out the unmistakable leaf of the marijuana plant . NDLEA suspects there may be hundreds of farms hidden in the forest - estimating the crop they 've found this morning to be about $ 6,000 . Despite NDLEA 's efforts the farmers are nowhere to be seen , but Commander Gaura remains practical . "  The people that stay in these farms are not the big people . The big men stay in the cities -- they do n't even come to the farmlands . " Nigeria is on the frontline in the global war on drugs -- an international gateway for cocaine from Latin America and heroin from Asia to abusers in Europe and the United States . It 's not known exactly how much is transited through Nigeria but NDLEA says last year they seized over 300 tons of narcotics . Focusing primarily on the main transit points -- roads , ports and airports - NDLEA claim to have convicted over 1,800 traffickers . Most of them are Nigerian . "  We do have a big expatriate community of Nigerians in Europe and United States , " explains Dagmar Thomas at the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime in Nigeria . "  And there is always the danger that these communities are tapped into by organized crime cartels . " We spoke to one man arrested for trying to trafficking cocaine to Europe . A young graduate , he explained how after losing his job in Spain he was tempted by the offer of $ 5,000 to transport cocaine packets in his stomach . "  When you are swallowing - taking in this thing into your body it 's just as if you are signing your death warrant ... but this is what many youths do today just to make a living . " And with low-ranking NDLEA officers paid on average $ 200 a month corruption within the agency is a key concern . "  Yes , certainly there was a lot -- a lot , I think -- of corruption in the agency , " explained Ahmadu Giade , the agency 's chairman . "  But so long as I continue as chairman of the agency , so long I will continue to dismiss anybody who 's involved in corruption -- I will never spare him . " But neither do the drugs . Living under a bridge in Nigeria 's over-crowded metropolis , Lagos , Mercy Jon sleeps behind a public toilet with five other people . She prostitutes herself to pay for her cocaine habit . "  Cocaine has destroyed my life - if it was not for the cocaine I 'm taking , I would not be in such a place because I 'm a learned somebody . My parents spent a lot to make sure I go to school , but because of cocaine I 've ruined everything . " Mercy Jon is being helped by one of only a handful of drug rehabilitation centers in Lagos -- Freedom Foundation . But struggling to find funding to cope with the number of addicts , their founder Tony Rapu is seeing a disturbing trend . "  I actually think its increasing -- in the past few years we 've seen more cases of heroin and cocaine abuse and in the area of marijuana it 's like its getting even more common . " Watching his officers systematically set about cutting and burning the seized cannabis crop Commander Gaura gestures to the flames . "  We prefer to get to the grass roots and cut it down before it gets to the streets . " But with the farmers and drug barons still in hiding Nigeria 's drug war is far from over .	Nigerian drug agents patrol southern forests hunting for hidden drug farms Nigeria is hub for trafficking and fears problem is spilling into its streets Courier paid $ 5,000 to transport cocaine in stomach ; drug agent paid $ 200 a month Educated addict now living under bridge says her life was destroyed by cocaine
A suicide bomber killed two police officers when he detonated his explosive-laden car in an Afghan province Saturday , a government spokesman said . The early morning explosion near the entrance of a police command in Nangarhar province wounded eight more people , said provincial spokesman Ahmadzia Abdulazai . The Taliban , who took responsibility for the attack , claimed a higher death toll . They boasted that they had killed 10 officers and wounded dozens in the area near the border with Pakistan . The Taliban and their Pakistani Taliban counterpart , Tehrik-e-Taliban , often carry out terrorist attacks in the border region between Afghanistan and Pakistan . This week , a top-level Pakistani Taliban leader was captured by U.S. forces in a military operation , a State Department spokesman said Friday . Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan confirmed its deputy chief , Latif Mehsud , was arrested in Afghanistan 's Khost province in the border region .	The Taliban claim responsibility , boast they killed 10 officers Attack wounds eight more people , government says This week , U.S. forces capture a high-ranking leader of the Pakistani Taliban
CNN  -- Shady cock-fighting farms are common enough in the Philippines , but a raid on a small operation in Lipa City south of Manila late last year revealed a much larger problem . Alongside the cock-fighting spurs and breeding paraphernalia , the raid netted 84 kilograms of "  shabu " -- the Filipino street name for methamphetamine or "  ice " -- and three affiliates of the deadly Mexican drug cartel Sinaloa were arrested . For police , the presence in Asia of one of Mexico 's most powerful organized crime groups was a worrying development . Not only did it point to growing transnational links between crime groups , it also displayed an increased professionalism in "  ice " production as it moves away from its ` Breaking Bad ' image of cellar drug kitchens and backyard meth labs . "  We have previously received reports that the Mexicans are in the country , but this is the first time we have confirmed that the Mexicans are already here , " Senior Superintendent Bartolome Tobias , chief of the Philippines National Police  PNP  Anti-Illegal Drugs Special Operations Task Force told a news conference . PNP Director General Alan Purisima said going after the group would "  entail more hard work . " "  We know that they are just starting -- that 's why we have to act immediately to stop them before they can expand their presence , " Purisima told the news conference . Notorious syndicate Mexico 's Sinaloa drug cartel is one of the most powerful and notorious drug syndicates in the world . Named after the state on Mexico 's Pacific Coast where it was formed in 1989 , the cartel 's heartland extends from Sinaloa to Mexico 's Durango and Chihuahua states . But it is known to operate in locations as diverse as Russia , Australia and Sierra Leone . The group 's leader , Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , escaped from a Mexican prison in 2001 and was only just captured on Saturday during a pre-dawn operation in the Mexican Pacific resort town of Mazatlan . Formerly America 's most wanted drug trafficker -- rated by Forbes as the most powerful criminal on the planet -- Guzman played a key role in a drug war that has claimed more than 70,000 lives since it was launched in 2006 . Hong Kong 's Triads The Mexican attorney general 's office last year released a report that named Hong Kong triad groups 14K and Sun Yee On as the main suspects in the supply of ephedrine and ethyl phenylacetate -- precursor chemicals in the manufacture of "  ice " -- to Mexican cartels feeding into the lucrative American market for methamphetamine . According to the U.S. Justice Department , Hong Kong 's triads already maintain close contact with their Asian gang counterparts -- Wah Ching , Black Dragons , Tiny Rascal Gangsters , and Black Star -- whose members operate in Detroit , Los Angeles , New York , San Francisco , and Seattle . The raid in the Philippines , meanwhile , came within days of a major drug raid in China . In late December , some 3,000 Chinese police , equipped with helicopters , sniffer dogs and speedboats , descended on the village of Boshe in Guangdong province , uncovering China 's largest methamphetamine operation to date . Three tons of methamphetamine worth an estimated $ 234 million were seized from 77 clandestine meth laboratories , and 182 arrests were made -- including the town 's Communist Party boss Cai Dongjia and 13 other party officials . The raid was further evidence of a growing industrialization of crystal meth production . Industrial scale Before 2012 , Chinese police mostly dismantled small-scale operators , but in September of that year , police raided their first industrial-scale facility in Hunan , seizing 660kg of crystal meth and 19.8 metric tons of unidentified materials used in the manufacture of the drug . Among the 14 people arrested in the raid , one was a Mexican national , a development which analysts say was the first indication that Mexican transnational syndicates were working closely with the Chinese to produce crystal meth . Professor Karen Laidler , an analyst in illegal drug trends at the University of Hong Kong , said China 's meth labs were increasingly internationalizing their illegal drugs operations . "  The manufacturing in Guangdong ? I suspect that much of that was for export , " she told CNN . She said the United Nations and the U.S. State Department had long identified China as a country where the precursor chemical ephedrine was being exported to other countries for the manufacturing of various amphetamine drugs . The huge scale of China 's chemical industry , with an estimated 80,000 individual chemical companies in 2009 , presents widespread opportunities for chemical diversion , according to the U.S. State Department . Hong Kong , once the bottleneck through which Chinese contraband was forced to pass -- and on a U.S. blacklist for the transit of heroin throughout the 1970s and 1980s before being removed in the 1990s -- is no longer the only gateway for drugs manufactured in China , Laidler said . "  There are many large ports in China where drugs can be imported and exported quite easily , " she said .	Philippines meth raid leads to arrests of Mexican drug cartel affiliates The cartel , Sinaloa , is known as one of the most powerful drug syndicates in the world Police view the cartel 's expansion into Asia as a worrying development
Two Indian sailors were found dead Thursday a day after the submarine they were on filled with toxic smoke , authorities said . The accident , the latest in a series of problems plaguing the Indian fleet , prompted the chief of the country 's navy to resign . Seven crew members of the Russian-built submarine , the INS Sindhuratna , have been hospitalized after inhaling smoke emanating from one of the vessel 's compartments early Wednesday while it was off the coast of Mumbai , the navy said . Two other sailors on the submarine had been reported missing . Their bodies were found Thursday in a smoke-affected compartment of the vessel , authorities said . Adm. D.K. Joshi , the navy 's chief of staff , stepped down Wednesday after news of the problems on the submarine emerged , the government said . Joshi took "  moral responsibility for the accidents and incidents which have taken place during the past few months , " the defense ministry said in a statement . The Indian navy declined to provide an exact number of how many incidents had taken place on vessels in recent months , saying only that there had been "  a couple of serious accidents involving submarines . " In August , an explosion and fire sank another of India 's Russian-made submarines , the INS Sindhurakshak , killing all 18 sailors on board . That was the navy 's deadliest peacetime disaster . The cause of the smoke Wednesday on the Sindhuratna is still under investigation , the navy said . The Indian navy has been struggling to modernize its aging submarine fleet , which , like much of the Indian military , relies heavily on Russian hardware . Analysts say the current number of submarines is far fewer than India needs to patrol is lengthy coastline , but plans to update the fleet have been held up because of technical problems , bureaucracy and higher-than-expected costs .	Two sailors who were missing are found dead , authorities say Seven other sailors are hospitalized after toxic smoke on a submarine The chief of the navy has stepped down following a series of problems on vessels In August , an explosion on another Indian submarine killed all 18 sailors on board
Iran may need only a month to produce enough weapons-grade uranium for a nuclear bomb , a U.S.-based anti-proliferation group says in a new assessment of Tehran 's enrichment program . But that is only if the country were able to take the most extreme and direct enrichment path , says the Institute for Science and International Security in Washington . Under other scenarios , it would take significantly longer for Tehran to produce the material -- more than 11 months in one estimate . And that would still not give Iran a nuclear bomb . Turning enriched uranium into a usable weapon would take a great deal more time , the report suggests . The warning Thursday from ISIS was released as U.S. lawmakers consider legislation that could tighten sanctions on Iran until a deal is reached on the Middle Eastern country 's nuclear program . It also comes after talks resumed on the program between Iran and six world powers -- the United States , Russia , China , France , Germany and Britain -- known as the P5 +1 . The report examines scenarios under which Iran could produce enough weapons-grade uranium to make a nuclear bomb -- and "  break out " of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty . In a statement that described the report as "  extremely alarming , " House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , urged the United States to consider all options , including the use of military force , "  to prevent Iran from acquiring the world 's most dangerous weapons . We all want negotiations to succeed , but time is clearly running out . " The report adds to the sense of urgency over the talks , said Shashank Joshi , a research fellow at the London-based Royal United Services Institute . But , he noted , not all analysts share the group 's view . He said it would be difficult for Iran to secretly work toward a bomb without kicking out international inspectors . ISIS appears to have overestimated the pace of Iran 's nuclear development in the past , however . In a December 2008 report , it said Iran was expected to reach a nuclear weapons capability "  during 2009 under a wide variety of scenarios . " The Iranian government declared the report baseless . "  This is a huge lie because , according to Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei , production , storage and use of weapons of mass destruction are haraam  forbidden by Islam  , " said Marzieh Afkham , a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman . "  Weapons of mass destruction have no place in the Islamic Republic 's doctrine . This kind of report is totally false . " Nuclear Power/IAEA Fast Facts Important for negotiations According to ISIS , the quickest route to a usable amount of weapons-grade uranium in the current circumstances could take Iran "  as little as approximately 1.0 -- 1.6 months . " It said it updated its estimates based on the view that Iran has increased the number of centrifuges at its Fordow and Natanz plants and has begun installing a more advanced centrifuge model at Natanz . "  The shortening breakout times have implications for any negotiation with Iran , " the report says . "  An essential finding is that they are currently too short and shortening further , based on the current trend of centrifuge deployments . " The U.S. government has said it believes Iran is about a year away from a nuclear weapon -- a more advanced stage than the one the ISIS report is forecasting . ISIS says that its estimates do n't factor in the time Iran would need to convert enriched uranium into weapons components and to build a nuclear missile . "  This extra time could be substantial , particularly if Iran wanted to build a reliable warhead for a ballistic missile , " the report says . "  However , these preparations would most likely be conducted at secret sites and would be difficult to detect . " Iran would face considerable hurdles to manufacturing a viable weapon without alerting International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors . The inspectors frequently visit Iran 's declared nuclear stockpiles -- sometimes with less than two hours ' notice -- and check that Iranians are not carrying out other enrichment activities or diverting nuclear material , Joshi said . "  So if Iran was trying to bust the rules , it would not in two hours be able to conceal what it had been doing , " he said . Iranian officials optimistic after Geneva talks Painful sanctions Iran , whose economy is suffering severely under the U.S. and U.N. sanctions imposed because of its nuclear program , has long maintained that it is developing nuclear energy capabilities for peaceful purposes only . But amid a tentative thaw in relations between Tehran and Washington since Iranian President Hassan Rouhani took office in August , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has urged the world community to be skeptical of Rouhani , calling him "  a sheep in wolf 's clothing . " And members from both parties in the U.S. Congress have urged the Obama administration not to prematurely loosen any of the sanctions on Iran 's economy . Senior congressional staff members met Thursday with White House officials over Iran . "  Congress has been an important partner in our efforts thus far , " said Caitlin Hayden , a National Security Council spokeswoman . "  We will continue our close consultation , as we have in the past , so that any congressional action is aligned with our negotiating strategy as we move forward . " Iran nuclear talks The next round of talks between Iran and the P5 +1 is scheduled to take place next month in Geneva . A statement after the previous round , last week , described the talks as "  substantive and forward-looking . " The tone of the negotiations appeared to signal a shift , a departure from the diplomatic standoff that prevailed under former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . But details on the substance of the talks were scarce . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said this week that the United States will not let up its pressure on Tehran , despite the recent diplomatic overtures between the two countries . "  We will pursue a diplomatic initiative with eyes wide open , aware it will be vital for Iran to live up to those standards other nations that have nuclear programs live up to as they prove those programs are indeed peaceful , " he said in Rome during a meeting Wednesday with Netanyahu . "  No deal is better than a bad deal , " Kerry said , echoing comments from Netanyahu . "  But if this can be solved satisfactorily , diplomatically , it is clearly better for everyone . " Netanyahu , who has said Iran 's nuclear program poses an existential threat to Israel , has listed a series of measures he says Tehran needs to undertake , including a prohibition on centrifuges that can be used to enrich uranium to a weapons-grade level . Tensions over U.S. policy on Iran have emerged with another regional ally , Saudi Arabia . The Sunni nation is wary of any rise in influence by the Shiite theocracy of Iran across the Middle East and has pushed behind the scenes for greater U.S. involvement in Syria , whose President , Bashar al-Assad , is propped up by the regime in Tehran . Are Western sanctions against Iran to blame for playwright 's death ?	The Iranian government says the report "  is a huge lie " The report says it could take Iran one to 11 months to make weapons-grade uranium The estimate comes amid renewed nuclear talks between Iran and world powers Congress is considering legislation that could tighten sanctions on Iran
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A will from Michael Jackson written in 2002 has been located , but it may be one of several , the Jackson family lawyer said Tuesday . Though a 2002 Michael Jackson will has been located , the family 's lawyer says there may be others . "  We need a certain amount of time to look at that , " lawyer Londell McMillan said , referring to whether other wills exist . "  I do n't personally know , but it 's possible . " Until now , the Jackson family has said it has not seen a will for the singer . Without a legal will , the division of his estate would be decided in court . The 2002 will surfaced Monday after a Los Angeles judge gave the singer 's mother , Katherine Jackson , temporary control of her son 's "  tangible personal property . " The pop icon 's three children -- ages 7 , 11 and 12 -- were also placed under the temporary guardianship of Katherine Jackson . McMillan said he has seen the will but would not disclose its details . "  There is a process called ` probating the will ' that will validate any will in due course , " he said . Probate is the legal process to prove whether a will is authentic and valid . The process is used to pass on items in the will from the deceased to the beneficiaries . The biological mother of Jackson 's two oldest children , Debbie Rowe , will be invited to a hearing Monday in which the judge will consider who should have custody of them . She has not publicly indicated whether she will challenge the Jacksons for custody . CNN 's Don Lemon contributed to this story .	Attorney says singer 's will could be one of several Jackson 's mother , Katherine , has temporary control of "  tangible personal property " Will must go through probate to determine its validity
TLC 's reality show "  19 Kids and Counting " has tons of fans , but more than 80,000 ca n't be counted in that number . That 's the amount who have signed a Change.org petition to have the show canceled in light of what the petition calls the Duggar family 's anti-LGBT stance . According to the petition , Michelle Duggar 's voice can be heard on a recorded call from this past summer urging the citizens of Fayetteville , Arkansas , to vote to repeal a law that forbids business owners and landlords from evicting and firing people based on gender identity . "  The Fayetteville City Council is voting on an ordinance this Tuesday night that would allow men -- yes I said men -- to use women 's and girls ' restrooms , locker rooms , showers , sleeping areas and other areas that are designated for females only , " the petition reports Duggar as saying on the robocall . "  I do n't believe the citizens of Fayetteville would want males with past child predator convictions that claim they are female to have a legal right to enter private areas that are reserved for women and girls . " The petition says Duggar 's words "  reek of ignorance and fear mongering . " "  Just because someone is transgendered does n't mean they are a child predator or a rapist , " the petition says . "  The claim that this ordinance would provide predators with access to women 's restrooms in order to assault or leer at girls or women is nothing more than fear-mongering and spreading ignorance and hatred . " The Duggars are known for being devout Christians who do n't believe in practicing birth control and whose children follow courtship rules that include no kissing until their wedding day . The petition also says that the Duggars ' oldest son , Josh , has taken a job with the Family Research Center , which the petition says "  is such a hate-filled , anti-gay organization that the Southern Poverty Law Center in 2010 labeled it a ` hate group ' for its ` dissemination of false and demonizing propaganda about gays and lesbians . ' " The movement comes on the heels of controversy about a recent posting on the Duggars ' "  official " Facebook page . After their newly married daughter Jessa was criticized for sharing an Instagram photo of herself kissing her husband Ben Seewald , Michelle and Jim Bob Duggar posted an image of themselves kissing and challenging others to do the same . John Becker , who blogs about LGBT issues at The Bilerico Project , wrote that pictures of same-sex couples were deleted . A counter petition to support the Duggars has been started and as of Friday had more than 6,000 signatures .	As of Thursday the petition had more than 80,000 signatures The Duggars are known as devout Christians The petition also mentions their son 's new job
CNN  -- Arizona set itself up for yet another self-inflicted political wound , international humiliation , costly boycotts and historical shame now that its legislature has passed a bill giving people the right to discriminate . The bill was written by the Center for Arizona Policy and a Christian legal organization called the Alliance Defending Freedom . They were inspired , in part , by the case of a New Mexico wedding photographer who was taken to court after refusing to shoot a gay commitment ceremony . The bill seeks to shield Christians from members of the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community who dare to seek equal protection under the law . Specifically , the bill protects all individuals , businesses and religious institutions from discrimination lawsuits if they can show that their discriminatory actions were motivated by religious convictions . Under the guise of religious freedom , however , the bill would enable businesses potentially to discriminate against virtually anyone -- not just Jews , Muslims , Sikhs , agnostics and atheists , but also unwed mothers , Rastafarians and Budweiser T-shirt wearers . This bill is arbitrary , capricious and antithetical to the spirit of brotherhood and sisterhood that inform our documents of freedom . It will lead to marginalization and oppression by allowing bigots to deny gay people access to virtually any business or service . The road to Indian genocide , Jim Crow , Japanese-American internment , the Holocaust and other iterations of human persecution began with laws that isolated and dehumanized entire groups of people . Arizona 's race relations and cultural politics are often misunderstood by the rest of the country . Racial diversity and progressivism exist within the predominantly white and conservative power structure of the Grand Canyon State . This has created an interesting dynamic . Arizona has sometimes made racial and cultural inroads ahead of the national curve , while fear of major demographic shifts , including a growing LGBTQ community , and the erosion of white privilege have unearthed racial stereotyping , homophobia and xenophobic policies . Many outside the state misunderstand this dynamic , assuming we are a wholly backward place without understanding that it is much more complicated than that . Nevertheless , Arizona now has the dubious designation as the first state to pass an anti-gay bill that seeks to shun and segregate in the name of religion . Similar legislation has been put forward in Idaho , Mississippi , Ohio , Oklahoma , South Dakota and Tennessee . The Arizona measure is the only bill that has passed . There is a saying : "  history does n't repeat itself , but it rhymes . " The rhythm of chauvinism and acrimony in Arizona endures . The state long resisted creating a holiday honoring Martin Luther King Jr. , which it finally did in 1992 . It is not too late to shift course , however . Gov. Jan Brewer has the power to put Arizona back on the right side of history . The "  right to discriminate " bill now sits on her desk . The bill passed Thursday , She has five days to reject it or sign it into law . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matthew C. Whitaker .	Matthew Whitaker : Arizona legislature approved a bill that would allow discrimination He says the bill shields those who show religion prompts their discrimination He says bill aimed at LGTB community but could affect many groups Whitaker : Arizona complicated , not as biased as often depicted
CNN  -- The Tony Awards do n't usually match the drama of the Oscars , but the 2014 edition at New York 's Radio City Music Hall did deliver surprises and buzzworthy moments Sunday . Bouncing Hugh Jackman If you are baffled by Hugh Jackman 's prolonged bouncing during the Tony Awards opening sequence , you might want to watch online video of musical actor Bobby Van performing "  Take Me to Broadway " in the 1953 movie "  Small Town Girl . " You 'll then understand what inspired Jackman to hop , skip and jump from the red carpet , through the backstage and then onstage where he sang "  I Love the Tonys . " ` Music Man ' rap Jackman must have spent a lot of time researching 1950s musicals while preparing to host the 2014 Tonys . He revived the opening number from "  The Music Man , " but turned it into a rap song . Hip-hop artists LL Cool J and T.I. joined Jackman for an unconventional performance of "  Rock Island . " "  Hands in the air , everybody on your feet , " LL Cool J shouted as a drum beat produced by Questlove played . "  First Hip Hop performance on #thetonyawards w/@troubleman31 @thehughjackman , " LL Cool J tweeted . Judging from Twitter reactions , many viewers loved it , some did n't , while others were just left puzzled . ` Denzel , Denzel , Denzel ' A hint of sour grapes emerged from "  A Raisin in the Sun " director Kenny Leon even though his show carried home three Tonys on Sunday night . Leon , who won for best direction of a play and best revival of a play , acknowledged backstage that he believed his lead actor , Denzel Washington , should have gotten a best actor nomination . "  Yes , Denzel was snubbed , " Leon told reporters . Washington , who owns two Academy Awards for film work , is the "  anchor " of the Broadway production , Leon said in his acceptance speech . "  Denzel , Denzel , Denzel . He 's truly a theater inspiration . " Leon did find some solace when Sophie Okonedo , whom he called his show 's "  glue , " was given the Tony for best actress in a featured role in a play . "  A Raisin in the Sun , " which first ran on Broadway in 1960 , was the first Broadway play written by an African-American woman -- Lorraine Hansberry . ` All the Way ' with LBJ If Denzel Washington had been nominated , he would have faced Bryan Cranston . The "  Breaking Bad " actor 's ability to bring complex characters to life earned him a best actor Tony for his stage portrayal of former President Lyndon Johnson in "  All the Way . " The Tony might find a place of honor next to the three Emmys that Cranston won for his TV role of teacher-turned-meth dealer Walter White . Cranston would n't say backstage if he would reprise his LBJ role in author Robert Schenkkan 's follow-up play "  The Great Society . " "  Thank you for electing LBJ once again , " producer Jeffrey Richards said as he accepted the best play Tony for "  All the Way . " Tony history made Audra McDonald made Broadway history when she won the Tony for best lead actress in a play for her portrayal of blues legend Billie Holiday in "  Lady Day at Emerson 's Bar & Grill . " McDonald 's sixth Tony made her the first person to win in four different acting categories . "  I want to thank my mom and my dad up in heaven for disobeying the doctor 's orders and not medicating their hyperactive girl and finding out what she was into instead and pushing her into the theater , " McDonald said in her acceptance speech . She also paid tribute to women who paved the way for her success . "  I 'm standing on Lena Horne , I 'm standing on Maya Angelou , Diahann Carroll , Ruby Dee and , most of all , Billie Holiday . You deserved so much more than you were given when you were on this planet . This is for you , Billie . " "  Lady Day at Emerson 's Bar & Grill " -- billed as "  an evening filled with personal tales of difficult choices , bad breaks , worse men and some of the most glorious songs ever written " -- also won the Tony for best sound design of a play . ` This is crazy pants ! ' What 's a Tony Awards show without lots of Neil Patrick Harris ? The actor who hosted the broadcast the previous four years got plenty of screen time Sunday night , including 90 seconds to accept the Tony for best actor in a leading role in a musical . "  A year ago I was hosting the Tonys , " Harris said . "  This is crazy pants ! " Harris was honored for his title role in "  Hedwig and the Angry Inch , " a musical about a rock band led by a German transgender singer . Harris , who is known for his big musical numbers as a Tony host , did not disappoint when he performed a song from the show with the "  Tits of Clay " band . "  Hedwig " also won for best revival of a musical , and Lena Hall got a Tony for best featured actress in a musical . Hall 's acceptance speech included a "  thank you " to "  my soon-to-be born niece . I do n't know her name is yet but she 'll be born in October . " Two Carole Kings Jessie Mueller not only won a Tony for best lead actress in a musical , but she got to sing with the woman she portrays in "  Beautiful -- The Carole King Musical . " "  Carole King , I never thought that I would get to sing with you once in my life -- let alone twice , " Mueller said in her acceptance . "  You have taught me so much and you teach me so much every time I get up on stage . What you went through and to come out of it with kindness and love and forgiveness and pure heart . And you 're just such an amazing woman . " King joined Mueller for part of her performance as a young Carole King . The show also won a Tony for best sound design of a musical , which went to Brian Ronan . Thanks to Mom for skydiving lessons The Tony for best musical went to "  A Gentleman 's Guide to Love & Murder , " which also earned a best director Tony for Darko Tresnjak . "  I should thank so many people , but most of all , my mom literally taught me to jump out of airplanes , " the director said in his acceptance speech . "  She fought during the Second World War and she was a skydiver in 1940 's . " He then spoke for several seconds in his native Serbian language to his 87-year-old mother . "  A Gentleman 's Guide to Love & Murder , " which is based on the 1907 novel "  Israel Rank : The Autobiography of a Criminal , " also won Tonys for best costume design of a musical and best book of a musical . Praise-shouting genie James Monroe Iglehart might have earned the distinction of best acceptance speech dance . Iglehart , who sings and dances as the genie in "  Aladdin , " erupted in joy after he was handed the Tony for best performance by an actor in a featured role in a musical . "  I know this is supposed to be the most , you know , dignified awards show of the season , but I have to do this , " he said . "  This is a praise shout . " He then shouted "  hey " and danced . Iglehart told reporters backstage that he and his wife would celebrate his Tony with dinner at McDonalds , saying it keeps them grounded .	Hip-hop artists LL Cool J and T.I. joined Hugh Jackman for an unconventional performance Bryan Cranston won best lead actor in a play for portrayal of LBJ in "  All the Way " Audra McDonald is the first person to win Tonys in four different acting categories The best musical Tony went to "  A Gentleman 's Guide to Love & Murder "
CNN  -- The U.S. Navy has captured seven suspected pirates in the Gulf of Aden , the first arrests by a U.S.-led task force set up to curb rampant piracy off the Horn of Africa , a Navy spokesman said Wednesday . Seven men suspected of trying to pirate a tanker raise their hands before their arrest in the Gulf of Aden . Sailors from the cruiser USS Vella Gulf arrested the men Wednesday in the western Gulf of Aden -- a waterway between Africa and the Middle East -- after a distress call from the 420-foot  128-meter  tanker Polaris . The tanker reported that men aboard a small skiff were attempting to board the ship using ladders , but its crew removed them before the would-be hijackers could get aboard , the Navy said . The Vella Gulf found and boarded the skiff , and the tanker 's crew identified the men aboard the skiff as their would-be hijackers . The skiff 's men were taken aboard the Vella Gulf , the flagship of the task force now patrolling the western Gulf of Aden , and eventually will be transferred to Kenya for trial , said Lt. Nate Christensen , a spokesman for the U.S. 5th Fleet . Piracy has become a chronic problem off the Horn of Africa in recent years , with some pirates operating from largely lawless Somalia . Pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 in the waters off the coast of Somalia in 2008 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . The task force led by the Vella Gulf was set up in January in an effort to clamp down on the attacks in the region , the southern approach to the Red Sea and the Suez Canal .	Seven men captured after failed attack on ship , U.S. Navy says Men tried to board tanker from skiff , but crew removed ladders , Navy says Navy cruiser found skiff after tanker made distress call Cruiser was patrolling Gulf of Aden as part of U.S.-led , antipiracy task force
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- More oil than what would fill an Olympic-sized swimming pool slipped by the cap on BP 's ruptured undersea well due to bad weather on Friday , said Coast Guard Rear Adm. Paul Zukunft . The cap on the well in the Gulf of Mexico , bouncing in the rough conditions , captured 20,000 barrels  840,000 gallons  fewer than anticipated , Zukunft said . Bad weather has also prevented skimming or burning for the past two days , displaced boom and made it unsafe to fly , he said . Crews are standing by to resume skimming operations and survey inland waterways that may have seen impacts due to a storm surge . Shoreline cleanup operations continue with limited weather interruption . For the 12-hour period from noon Thursday until midnight , approximately 9,515 barrels of oil were collected and about 4,150 barrels of oil and 28.6 million cubic feet of natural gas were flared . Thursday 's total oil recovered was approximately 25,150 barrels . High winds account for the cap 's "  wobble , " said Mark Proegler , a BP spokesman . He noted that forecasters expect rough seas to calm a bit this weekend . The oil is more likely to move east than west along the coastline and , if it rides on the Loop Current , could reach the southwestern Florida coast in a degraded form , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said in a report released Friday . The Loop Current flows northward between Cuba and Mexico 's Yucatan peninsula into the Gulf of Mexico , then U-turns and flows out between Cuba and Florida into the Atlantic Ocean . NOAA predicts that there 's up to an 80 percent that the Florida Keys , Miami and Fort Lauderdale will be affected by the disaster , depending on the weather conditions , currents and recovery efforts . It would reach the shore in the form of tar balls or weathered patches -- not as a slick . The western side of Florida is highly unlikely to be hit , NOAA projected . Hurricane Alex whipped up strong winds and waves before it made landfall in northeastern Mexico late Wednesday night . With Alex fading , many in the Gulf states were hoping they could get back to cleaning up the massive oil spill . The dangerous storm had created choppy seas in the Gulf of Mexico and caused hundreds of oil skimmers to be docked . "  We had to stand down because of the storm activity . Now that oil has been spewed all over the Chandeleur Islands , " Craig Taffaro , the president of St. Bernard Parish in Louisiana , said Thursday . "  We are going out again tomorrow to start cleaning it up . We have to go back out , basically start over . " Newly retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen announced Friday that since June , the skimming capability in the Gulf has increased more than fivefold -- from approximately 100 large skimmers to 550 skimming vessels of various sizes working to collect oil in all parts of the region as of today.To date , 28.2 million gallons of an oil-water mix has been skimmed from the Gulf 's surface . Shoreline cleanup operations continued Friday with limited weather interruption . The administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , Lisa P. Jackson , planned to tour parts of the Gulf Coast on Friday , a day after her agency gave BP a new directive on how to deal with the clean-up of the massive oil spill . Jackson will hold a town hall meeting in New Orleans and tour areas of Pensacola , Florida , on Friday , which is her sixth trip to the area since the April 20 oil disaster , the EPA said . On Thursday , the EPA and the U.S. Coast Guard issued a directive to BP on how the company should manage recovered oil , contaminated materials and waste recovered in cleanup operations in the Gulf of Mexico . Among other requirements , the directive requires the oil giant to give the EPA and state agencies access to any waste storage site and to provide specific plans , waste reports and tracking systems for liquid and solid waste . "  While the states of Louisiana , Alabama , Mississippi and Florida are overseeing BP 's waste management activities and conducting inspections , this action today is meant to complement their activities by providing further oversight and imposing more specific requirements , " the Coast Guard said Thursday . "  Under the directive , EPA , in addition to sampling already being done by BP , will begin sampling the waste to help verify that the waste is being properly managed . " Waste sampling to date has been done in compliance with EPA and state regulatory requirements , the Coast Guard said . Researchers have estimated that between 35,000 barrels  about 1.5 million gallons  and 60,000 barrels  about 2.5 million gallons  of oil have been gushing into the Gulf every day since April 20 , when the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and sank off the coast of Louisiana .	NEW : Containment cap bounced , allowing 20,000 barrels to get by NEW : Skimming and burning halted , Coast Guard says NEW : Loop Current could deposit degraded oil on Florida coast EPA toured coast Friday after giving BP new cleanup directive
Washington  CNN  -- Old mental health records for the chief suspect in the 2001 anthrax attacks suggest Bruce Ivins should have been prevented from holding a job at a U.S. Army research facility in Maryland , according to a report from a panel of behavioral experts commissioned by the Department of Justice . "  The psychiatric records were quite eye-opening , " said Gregory Saathoff , the lead author of the report . "  The criminal behaviors involved a strong component of revenge , " he added , "  that he claimed he had engaged in as well as planned to engage in " in documented interviews with psychiatrists dating back to the 1970s . Ivins was accused by the FBI of allegedly being behind the mailings of anthrax that killed five people in 2001 . Ivins , who knew he was under suspicion , committed suicide in 2008 before any charges were filed against him . The report "  does support the Department of Justice 's determination that he was responsible , " including that he had the capacity , the opportunity and the motivation to carry out the attacks . His psychiatric records apparently were not reviewed in 1980 by the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases when it granted security clearances that led to his being hired as a government microbiologist , the report says . But it was n't because of privacy law that his problems were not immediately brought to light . "  He had signed waivers prior to his employment that his records could be made available , " Saathoff said , "  but to our knowledge those records were never accessed . " Authorities looking for a suspect in the anthrax mailings also missed the troubled picture of mental health . "  This information had been deemed confidential during Dr. Ivins ' lifetime , " Saathoff noted , "  accessible only to his medical providers , and off-limits to investigators " looking into the deadly anthrax case . Moreover , based on its findings , the report says Ivins was able to omit and distort details of his mental health throughout his career at Fort Detrick , Maryland , "  in a manner that enabled him to evade real scrutiny . " The pattern continued through 2008 , when "  he was displaying behaviors that were of great concern , " Saathoff said , but were not acted upon by Ivins ' supervisors . Outwardly , "  Ivins projected a persona of benign eccentricity , " a summary says , but "  portrayed himself as a far more dangerous person " in meetings with a psychiatrist about a year before he was hired , the summary says . The report , entitled "  The Amerithrax Case , " was released Wednesday through the Research Strategies Network , a nonprofit think tank based in Charlottesville , Virginia . At a briefing for reporters in Washington , one of the co-authors , Ronald Schouten , a medical doctor with a specialty in psychiatry , said "  there 've been vast improvements , " in the process of checking someone 's background for jobs in national security and critical materials . But , he said , when a person has received counseling for mental health issues , it 's up to the provider to know what importance to place on disclosure of their analysis . Schouten said as part of a background check , "  if you speak to treating clinicians and say that this person 's job involves national security issues , involves a clearance , involves working with dangerous agents , WMD  weapons of mass destruction  , you 'll get a different level of response . " The report includes a list of personnel security recommendations based on what it called the "  extraordinary " anthrax case . The report , completed in August , took five months to prepare in response to a request by the U.S. Department of Justice . Probing into otherwise confidential medical records was authorized by a sealed order in 2009 from U.S. District Court chief Judge Royce Lamberth . The report had remained under seal until this month , and only a redacted version was revealed Wednesday . Censored details include information that could identify friends , co-workers and mental health professionals who encountered and counseled Ivins during his career . Last month , the National Academy of Sciences issued a report and concluded that using the available scientific evidence "  it is not possible to reach a definitive conclusion " about the source of the anthrax used in the 2001 anthrax letter attacks . The panel said the anthrax used in mailings was the Ames strain Bacillus anthracis , and spores from those letters shared "  a number of genetic similarities " with spores in Ivins ' flask . But the findings say the FBI did not fully explore other possible explanations for those similarities . Last month , the National Academy of Sciences issued a report that supported the FBI 's scientific basis linking Ivins to the form of anthrax used in the attacks . Wednesday 's report noted "  Dr. Ivins acknowledged that he was the sole custodian of the "  RMR-1029 " flask that held the anthrax " mailed to targets in the media and Congress . Postal workers who handled the contaminated letters were among the 22 people infected . There were five fatalities .	Scientist hired at Army research site without full background check Experts say suspect had "  revenge " motive in 2001 bioterrorism that killed five Bruce Ivins committed suicide in 2008
Joe Clancy , the interim director of the U.S. Secret Service , said that the agency has been "  severely damaged in recent years by failures " and explained some key mistakes made by the Secret Service when a fence jumper was able to run inside the White House two months ago . In his appearance before the House Judiciary Committee on Wednesday , Clancy , who was tapped to lead the agency last month , also laid out protocols the Secret Service is trying to improve in the wake of the fence jumper and other problems in the past few years . "  I openly acknowledge that a failure of this magnitude , especially in light of other recent incidents , requires immediate action and longer term reform , " he said . His appearance comes a week after the Department of Homeland Security published a report revealing failures in training , equipment and communications at the agency . Clancy said when the jumper , Omar Gonzalez , started to scale the fence , officers nearby outside the barrier started shouting verbal commands before sprinting over and coming "  about an arm 's length or two arms ' lengths short of reaching him " before he breached the fence . Rep. Steve Cohen , D-Tennessee , joked that Gonzalez "  got further in the White House than some of my Republican colleagues have ever gotten . " He asked if a moat would be effective in stopping future White House jumpers . "  Sir , it may be , " Clancy replied , but added the Secret Service tries to recognize the accessibility and historic nature of the White House . Their first step , Clancy continued , is working with the National Park Service to "  do something with the fence , " including possibly making it taller . In the short term , Clancy said a bike rack now sits in front of the fence to provide one extra obstacle . Pressed on whether anyone at the agency was punished for violating protocol in the incident , Clancy said "  this was not an intentional violation of the code " and no discipline was given . Clancy was chosen for the job after former Secret Service Director Julia Pierson resigned in the wake of the fence jumping incident as well as a string of controversies involving the agency in recent years . One of those included a shooting incident that happened on November 11 , 2011 , in which it took days for the Secret Service to confirm that there were , in fact , evidence of bullet impacts on the White house fa  ade . Clancy said in his remarks that there are new fixes to improve and better enforce policies regarding those in close contact with the president . This comes after Obama was -- unknowingly -- in an elevator with an armed contractor at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta back in September . After working under former President George W. Bush , Clancy worked with the President and first lady Michelle Obama on outlining a plan of action to protect their daughters . He then entered the private sector as executive director of Comcast Cable Security . He left after three years for his current role as the Secret Service 's interim director .	Joe Clancy promises a bottom-to-top assessment of the troubled agency Clancy was brought in after former Director Julia Pierson resigned last month Rep. Steve Cohen suggested that a moat around the White House might help
CNN  -- A BP estimate made after the explosion of the Deepwater Horizon noted that as much as 100,000 barrels per day could leak into the ocean if the blowout preventer and wellhead were removed , a higher worst-case scenario than previously reported . According to an internal BP document released Sunday by Rep. Edward Markey , D-Massachusetts , BP believed that the worst-case scenario could be as high as 100,000 barrels , or 4.2 million gallons of oil per day . The figure is the highest yet to surface regarding the leaking oil well . At the disaster 's outset , BP claimed the leak was about 1,000 barrels a day , a number it later revised to 5,000 and then much higher . BP told the House Energy and Commerce Committee that the worst-case scenario was 60,000 barrels  2.5 million gallons  a day , lower than what the document states . The document , submitted in May , maintains the 60,000 barrel estimate , but stipulates that if the "  blowout preventer and wellhead are removed and if we have incorrectly modeled the restrictions , the rate could be as high as 100,000 barrels a day . " Markey said the document "  raises very troubling questions about what BP knew and when they knew it . " "  It is clear that , from the beginning , BP has not been straightforward with the government or the American people about the true size of this spill , " said Markey , the chairman of the Energy and Environment Subcommittee in the House Energy and Commerce Committee . "  Considering what is now known about BP 's problems with this well prior to the Deepwater Horizon explosion , including cementing issues , leaks in the blowout preventer and gas kicks , BP should have been more honest about the dangerous condition of the well bore , " Markey said in a statement . BP spokesman Robert Wine said the May estimate cited in Markey 's document is irrelevant to the current situation because the oil company has no intention of removing the well 's blowout preventer . "  The allegation does n't make sense , " Wine told CNN . "  Why on earth would we remove the blowout preventer when it 's sitting on top of the sea well and providing some control  of the spill  ? " Toby Odone , another spokesman for BP , added that the blowout preventer will be removed only when the well is completely killed . A blowout preventer is designed to seal off a well in the event of an emergency , but the device has not been working since the April 20 explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon . Also Sunday , while cleanup crews and technical teams continued efforts to stop crude gushing into the Gulf , Louisiana lawmakers proposed a different approach : prayer . State senators designated Sunday as a day for citizens to ask for God 's help dealing with the oil disaster . "  Thus far efforts made by mortals to try to solve the crisis have been to no avail , " state Sen. Robert Adley said in a statement released after last week 's unanimous vote for the day of prayer . "  It is clearly time for a miracle for us . " The resolution names Sunday as a statewide day of prayer in Louisiana and calls on people of all religions throughout the Gulf Coast "  to pray for an end to this environmental emergency , sparing us all from the destruction of both culture and livelihood . " Also Sunday , wildlife officials were planning to transport and release 40 pelicans that rescuers rehabilitated after finding them covered with oil . The birds will be moved from New Orleans , Louisiana , to the Aransas National Wildlife Refuge in Port Aransas , Texas . As much as 60,000 barrels  2.5 million gallons  of oil may be gushing into the Gulf every day , new government estimates found last week . BP said it was able to capture roughly 8,480 barrels of oil from midnight to 12 p.m. Saturday . The company said it captured 24,500 barrels -- just over a million gallons -- of oil Friday , a little less than it captured the day before . BP said Saturday that it has paid $ 104 million to residents along the Gulf Coast who have filed claims related to the Gulf oil spill , issuing more than 31,000 checks in the past seven weeks . There was no immediate response from local , state or federal officials to BP 's tally of its payments . Meanwhile , oil recovery efforts in the Gulf resumed Saturday morning on the drill ship Discoverer Enterprise , after work was suspended for about 10 hours because of a mechanical problem . A venting device aboard the drilling ship was not working properly , said Ayla Kelley , spokesperson for the Deepwater Horizon command center . Other recovery efforts continued during the time that the Discoverer Enterprise was idled , she said . She said the problem was with a blocked flame arrester , designed to prevent oil from combusting by extinguishing the flame .	NEW : BP calls worst-case estimate irrelevant Document released Sunday by Massachusetts Rep. Edward Markey Markey : document "  raises very troubling questions about what BP knew and when they knew it " Figure highest yet to surface regarding leaking well off Louisiana
CNN  -- Jose Reyes Ferriz , the mayor of violence-plagued Ciudad Juarez , said the drug cartel war gripping his city is rooted in social decomposition such as broken homes . The president of Mexico is expected to make a major announcement on social intervention in response to the drug violence , which in 2010 has killed close to 1,000 people throughout the country , says Reyes . President Felipe Calderon is expected to be in the city on the U.S. border across from El Paso , Texas , on Thursday . "  We have been working during the last couple of years on cleaning up and reinforcing our police department , " Reyes said in a phone interview with CNN this week . "  Having done that , it is time to go to the root of the problem . The root of the problem is a social problem that we did not anticipate . We need to work on that . " Also this week , in what is seen widely as a symbolic gesture in response to last week 's house party massacre that killed 15 , the Chihuahua state government on Monday temporarily moved its main offices to Juarez , Reyes confirmed . "  What will happen is the governor , state Supreme Court , as well as Congress will all operate out of Juarez , " according to Reyes . "  Them being here will expedite a lot of things that need to be done in Juarez . " He joins experts in saying it is a social decomposition of a new generation of cartel members that is causing such brutal killings . Broken homes , sometimes caused by drug abuse , leave children and teens vulnerable to a gang 's plea for membership . The young recruits are more ruthless than ever . In one local report , the face of a drug cartel hit victim was found cut from the victim 's head and stitched onto a soccer ball . In other reports , organized criminals have shot and killed children , targeted innocent students , assassinated doctors and lawyers and even extorted priests . On January 31 , 15 people -- most of them teenage students who had nothing to do with the cartels -- were massacred at a house party in southern Juarez . Witnesses described some of the hit men who carried out the killings as being about the same age as the victims . A federal security spokesman told CNN last week that 10 drug traffickers -- part of a cell that worked for Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , head of the Sinaloa Cartel -- were arrested in the Valley of Juarez . One of the suspects told investigators children have been recruited as lookouts and are being paid between $ 40 to $ 80 a week to work for the cartel . There is hope for progress . "  We were down to five killings a day before Sunday 's -LSB- house party -RSB- massacre , " Reyes said . "  The massive presence of police in the city discourages that sort of access . " Other measures have been proposed . One Mexican lawmaker wants to censor social media networks such as Twitter , suggesting cartels use the service to locate targets . Reyes knows a life without cartels in Mexico is close to impossible . "  It 's unrealistic to think that cartels will be stamped out entirely , " the mayor said . "  When you take a look at what happened with Florida . Most of the coke  cocaine  came through the Caribbean , through Florida . And ... when the -LSB- U.S. -RSB- federal government closed down that route , most of the coke started coming from Mexico . That 's when the violence started in the country . "	Jose Reyes Ferriz , mayor of Juarez , says police action can only go so far President Calderon expected to visit Juarez Thursday for major announcement Drug violence has killed close to 1,000 people in Mexico in 2010 Reyes , experts say children from broken homes make easy recruits for drug cartels
CNN  -- Rep. Todd Akin made news this weekend by announcing that pregnancy from "  legitimate rape " is rare . He further argued that physicians had told him that women who were traumatized in such a way had biological things happen in their bodies to "  shut down " the "  whole thing " so that fertilization wo n't occur . There 's so much wrong here that it 's hard to know where to begin . Let 's start with the basics . The human body is intricately designed and exquisitely evolved to make procreation possible . In fact , some would argue that it 's our primary purpose . So you have to understand that everything about our biology is there to make it easier , not harder , for a woman to get pregnant . Women can get pregnant if intercourse happens under water . Women can get pregnant from sex in any position . Women can get pregnant even when they think that they ca n't get pregnant due to menstruation . If you put sperm near egg , women can get pregnant . Republicans distancing themselves from Akin remarks There is nothing at all about a woman 's mindset that affects this . Women ca n't wish pregnancy away . If they could , then many teen pregnancies would n't occur ; few teens want to get pregnant . But think of the larger picture . Women in abusive relationships get pregnant . Women in horrible socioeconomic conditions get pregnant . And , yes , women who have been raped get pregnant . The body does n't differentiate between "  legitimate " rape and "  illegitimate " rape -- whatever that is . The body does n't know whether the rapist is known to a victim . The body does n't know if a knife or a gun , or alcohol or drugs  or any combination of them  , were used . Every sexual encounter does not lead to pregnancy , but every sexual encounter leads to the possibility of pregnancy . Period . Akin flub puts abortion at center of campaign debate So why would someone say such a thing ? While it 's hard to get into the mind of another individual , we can guess . This line of reasoning is n't new . It 's been used for the most part to delegitimize the idea that exceptions to abortion prohibitions should exist for rape . After all , if you really believe that abortion is the taking of a human life , then it 's hard to suggest that there is any rationalization for it at all . While ethically consistent , this belief is rare in the United States . Even among those who oppose abortion , most people support exceptions for rape and incest . It 's hard for a politician who firmly opposes abortion to square this . Such a person wants the support of a majority of people but does n't want to compromise principles . One option , then , is to find a way to make the occurrence of the problem nonexistent . If pregnancy from rape does n't happen , then we do n't need exceptions in the law . The problem , of course , is that such pregnancies do occur . More than 31,000 of them happen in America every year . Pretending they do n't by listening to a few anecdotes wo n't make them go away . This is what happens when reality gets in the way of our moral convictions . Life is tricky . It 's nuanced and complicated and often fraught with contradictions . Contrary to what you read , most people do n't have black and white views of abortion . Few believe that it should be prohibited when it might save the life of a mother . Few believe that it should be allowed a week before a fetus is full-term . In other words , relatively few people believe abortion should never be legal , and few believe it should always be legal . This places abortion in the gray zone . That does n't work well for elections . It also does n't make for clean philosophical discussions . It certainly does n't make for good sound bites . A further problem with proclamations like Akin 's , though , is what they sound like to women who have been raped . If you believe what he does , then anyone who did get pregnant was n't "  legitimately " raped . Moreover , it belies a willful ignorance of science . Rape has occurred in history time and time again . Women get pregnant from it . This is known . There is no debate to be had . Opinion : Why Ryan is not bad for women Those who support Republicans , and even Akin , in this election believe this to be a distraction and a problem . They 're right . History shows that statements like this can turn close elections . A win in Missouri for the Democrats may mean that they retain control of the Senate . Moreover , this will be what we are talking about this week instead of the economy , jobs , or health care reform . That 's bad for Romney and Ryan . The good news is that all of this is avoidable . Stick to science . If people did that more , they would n't have to claim they "  misspoke " later . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll .	Rep. Todd Akin said pregnancy from "  legitimate rape " is rare Aaron Carroll says he 's wrong : Humans are designed to reproduce He says Akin probably aimed to make prohibition of abortions square with an  alternate  reality Carroll : Akin 's ludicrous remark is distraction Republicans could avoid if they stuck to science
Baghdad  CNN  -- Television stations in Baghdad are calling it "  Iraq Day , " the Saturday deadline for American troops to completely withdraw from the country under a U.S.-Iraqi security pact . Stations aligned with Sunni and Shiite extremist groups , many of whom attacked U.S. troops , have dubbed it the "  Day of Defeating the Occupier " -- others have called it the "  Day of Fullfillment " or "  Day of Evacuation . " It 's a day many Iraqis say they have waited for since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein , even as they admit their country is mired in a political crisis that has raised fears of a return of sectarian violence that nearly tore the country apart at the height of the war . "  Iraq Day , we are all for Iraq , " Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said in a mass text message sent Saturday morning . "  I congratulate you and our Iraqi nation on this great historic day , my love and respect to you and your families , your brother Nuri al-Maliki . " The celebrations in Iraq come nearly two weeks after the last convoy of U.S. troops crossed into Kuwait , ending an almost nine year war that saw more than 4,400 American military personnel and an estimated 115,000 Iraqis killed . Under a security agreement signed in 2008 , the United States agreed to withdraw its troops by the end of 2011 . Negotiations to extend the deadline broke down in October after Baghdad 's political leaders refused to grant U.S. troops immunity from Iraqi prosecution , a move that Washington leaders said was unacceptable . Outside a Sunni mosque in northern Baghdad 's Adhamiya district , a place where Sunnis and Shiites once battled one another and American troops , hundreds of men and boys gathered to listen to religious leaders who asked them to vow to preserve Iraq 's independence . One banner read : "  This is the start of our spring . " The crowd outside the mosque chanted "  American cowards " and "  Sunnis and Shiites will remain united in this country no matter what happens . " But these celebrations come amid reports of near daily violence that continues to plague the country and a political crisis that has Iraq 's fragile power-sharing government teetering on the brink of collapse . On Saturday , gunmen attacked a checkpoint manned by anti-al Qaeda fighters in Diyala province . At least six fighters were shot in the town of Khan Ban Saad , southwest of the provincial capital of Baquba , a police spokesman said . Iraq 's Shiite , Sunni and Kurdish political leaders have square off in recent weeks over a warrant issued for the arrest of Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi , who is accused of organizing his security detail into a death squad that targeted government and military officials . The arrest warrant was issued shortly after al-Hashimi 's Sunni-backed Iraqiya party announced it would boycott Parliament , saying al-Maliki was cutting it out of the decision-making process . Al-Hashimi has denied the charges , saying the accusations are politically motivated amid the rivalry between his political bloc and al-Maliki 's Shiite majority bloc . Al-Maliki has demanded that Kurdish lawmakers hand over the Sunni vice president , who has denied the charges and refuses to return to Baghdad from northern Iraq 's semi-autonomous Kurdish region . The situation has been further inflamed this week with a political bloc loyal to radical , anti-American Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr calling for the dissolution of parliament and early elections . There was little mention of the withdrawal deadline in the United States , where weeks earlier President Barack Obama welcomed home some of the last U.S. troops . Rather , the focus in Washington has been on pending arms sales to Iraq and concerns about its political stability . "  As you know , our main focus has been in trying to encourage the Iraqi political groups to talk to each other and to create a broad national dialogue about the way forward , " Victoria Nuland , a State Department spokeswoman , told reporters Friday . "  With regard to the arms sales , these , as you know , are long planned and they 're part of the transition process for the Iraqis to manage their own security within their own resources . " There are questions , though , about the actions of Iraq 's security forces . Human Rights Watch , in recent months , has reported that Iraqi security forces have beaten and detained anti-government demonstrators protesting corruption and demanding more political freedoms . Udey al-Zaidi , the brother of Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi who threw his shoes at then-President George W. Bush during a 2008 news conference in Baghdad , said Saturday he was detained a day earlier at an anti-American protest . By telephone from a Baghdad police station , al-Zaidi told CNN that he and a younger brother had been held overnight . "  If I could do it all over again , I would , " he said . Al-Zaidi was among a small group of less than a dozen protesters who gathered Friday to mark "  Iraq Day " in Baghdad 's Firdous Square -- the place where Saddam 's statue was toppled in one of the most iconic moments of the invasion in 2003 . Al-Zaidi said they planned to burn the American flag at 2:15 p.m. -- the exact time he says U.S. troops raised the flag in the square in April of 2003 . Iraqi security forces swarmed the square shortly after the protest began , and ordered the group to disperse because they did not have a permit . A CNN crew present at the protest was banned from filming despite having a permit to film in Baghdad . An Iraqi TV crew also present had their two cameras confiscated . When security forces moved to quash the protest , the younger al-Zaidi brother , Dhirgham , standing on the pedestal where Saddam 's statue once stood , lit the American flag on fire . Udey al-Zaida , the protest organizer , was then beaten . A source familiar with the case told CNN a policeman hit al-Zaidi after he "  provoked the policeman . " The source said commanders at the scene stopped the policeman , but the CNN team , repeatedly asked to leave , saw policemen surrounding al-Zaidi as he was beaten . The source spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to release the information . Both al-Zaidi brothers were held at a Baghdad police station over night , according to the source , because a complaint was filed against them by local police . The brothers told CNN Saturday that they were eventually released . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Iraqis mark deadline of U.S. troop withdrawal Some call it the "  Day of Defeating the Occupier " Negotiations to extend the deadline broke down in October "  This is the start of our spring , " one banner read at a gathering
CNN  -- Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announced Sunday that national elections will take place September 7 . It 'll mark yet another turn in Australian politics . In June , Rudd returned as prime minister of Australia -- three years after he was replaced in the office by his then-deputy Julia Gillard . Rudd challenged Gillard for leadership of the Labor Party and won a 57-45 vote among fellow Labor members of parliament .	Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announced Sunday that national elections will take place September 7 Rudd challenged Gillard for leadership of the Labor Party and won a 57-45
Passing laws is one thing ; enforcing them is another . Enter New York City 's idling rule , meant to improve the city 's air quality by prohibiting drivers from running their engines when they 're not moving . Toxic tailpipe fumes have been shown to increase rates of asthma and put children at risk of developmental delays , environmental studies show . When cars and buses line up outside of schools , all those idling engines can worsen the quality of air both inside and outside the school , as children and parents come and go . By putting air-quality monitors in backpacks on pregnant mothers in New York , researchers at the Columbia Center for Children 's Environmental Health have shown that fetuses exposed to greater pollution in the womb are more likely to experience developmental delays as children . For years , New York drivers have had three minutes to turn off idling engines , and in 2009 the city passed more stringent laws : Drivers now have one minute to turn off their engines if they 're adjacent to a school . But environmental advocates complain the laws do little to improve air quality because the legislation in place is only minimally enforced . The city issues about 10 million parking tickets each year but only a few thousand idling tickets . If the traffic enforcement agents were properly citing drivers who violated the rule , the number of idling tickets would be significantly higher , say advocates , because violation of the rule is so widespread . A 2008 New York City Council oversight committee report said as much , too , stating : "  Although idling restrictions have been in place in New York City since 1971 , many drivers persist in idling their engines , leading to questions about the effectiveness of our idling law . " On display a year later , at a press conference announcing the tougher idling rules around schools , were environmental and health advocates on the one hand celebrating a legislative win , but on the other hand still concerned about a lack of enforcement follow-through . "  We are therefore urging you , Mayor Bloomberg , to direct NYPD 's traffic enforcement agents to finally enforce the anti-idling laws , " said Isabelle Silverman , an attorney for the Environmental Defense Fund , at the 2009 press conference with Mayor Michael Bloomberg . "  Consistent enforcement is the only way that New Yorkers will finally get the message that unnecessary curbside idling is no longer tolerated in our city . " The mayor , while reiterating environmental values , pointed to the difficulties of marshaling systemic enforcement during a recession . "  The real challenge here is that in the good times everybody is in favor of environmental stuff , and when the times get tougher , it 's probably the first thing to be jettisoned , " Bloomberg said . "  It 's just incumbent on those of us that want to leave a good life for our children , and want to have clean air for us to breathe , and clean water to drink , and this is not just for the future , it 's for the present as well , it 's incumbent on us to really carry the fight . " CNN 's full coverage : Toxic America But little has changed in three years , advocates say . The issue of enforcement arose again at a December press conference with Bloomberg . "  Well , I will take a look at it and see . We 'd like to enforce it more , " Bloomberg said . "  Keep in mind , enforcement costs money ; the people that enforce have plenty of other things to do .  The  police department 's first job is going to be worrying about more serious things . " But it would be easy to enforce the law properly , advocates said , because agents enforcing parking rules could also crack down on idling . "  The traffic enforcement agents are ideally suited to give the idling tickets because they are already walking up and down the street looking for parking violations . In addition , the TEAs ' health is negatively impacted by illegal idling , " said the Environmental Defense Fund 's Silverman . "  The TEAs have had authority to give idling tickets since September 2009 , and yet they have only given , on average , one ticket per agent per year . Consistent and rigorous idling enforcement is the only way to let drivers know that illegal idling is no longer tolerated for health reasons in NYC . " The mayor 's office issued no comment to CNN regarding enforcement but confirmed that 2,989 tickets were issued for idling in fiscal year 2011 . After passing tougher idling rules , the city initiated a public awareness campaign through GreeNYC to inform drivers and parents of the health dangers , and economic waste , of engine idling . "  Children 's asthma symptoms increase as a result of vehicle exhaust , " says one New York City Department of Environmental Protection flier . "  Idling for longer than 10 seconds wastes more fuel than restarting your engine . " See a list of idling rules nationwide	Toxic tailpipe fumes increase rates of asthma and put children at risk , studies show New York drivers now have one minute to turn off engines if they 're adjacent to a school City issues about 10 million parking tickets each year but a few thousand idling tickets
CNN  -- A triumphant Lewis Hamilton called Sunday 's United States Grand Prix the best race of 2012 but for many it was more important than that -- it was Formula One being reborn in the USA . Since the sport abandoned the U.S. in 2007 it has been a long road back -- but a journey F1 desperately needed to make as a global sport , especially with the bizarre 2005 race still fresh in some minds . Yet its first job of finding a new home was fraught with frustration . After the Indianapolis Motor Speedway lost its contract to host F1 , the Texan city of Austin successfully bid to stage the race on a purpose-built track . But less than a year ago , the chances of a race being held at all looked like they had bitten the nearby desert dust . Workers at the Circuit of the Americas  COTA  had downed tools and the deal with F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone was off . "  It came pretty close to being canceled , " Kevin Olsen , co-founder with sister Kerri of The Austin Grand Prix website , told CNN . "  There were high stake negotiations between COTA and Mr Ecclestone -- who was going to pay and how much . They 'd already spent $ 100m on excavation and infrastructure . Nobody could believe they 'd let this go . " ` Dirt and nothing ' On December 6 , Ecclestone eventually re-signed a contract with the circuit , which had secured extra funding through Texan businessmen Bobby Epstein and Red McCombs . After 21 days of torpor , a frantic period of construction began to get the circuit ready in time for the grand prix . "  It was n't long ago that it was dirt and nothing out there , " recalled Blake Widmore , an Austin sous chef who lives on a 150-acre property just 30 yards from the circuit 's hairy uphill first turn . "  It was just pasture . It might have been used for cattle . Then there was a lot of construction but it 's been pretty cool to watch it grow . " The circuit received an official seal of approval in September but 12 miles away , pockets of downtown Austin remained unsure about F1 . Walking around the city a fortnight ago , there was a general feeling that the laid back state capital -- which prides itself on its live music -- was blithely unaware of what was about to roll into town . "  I 've said for a long time that this city had no idea what was coming , " agreed Dave Doolittle , the F1 correspondent for the Austin Statesman newspaper . "  There 's also a part of this town whose criticism of F1 is based on a misunderstanding of it -- there 's an element that does n't think it 's very cool . " Despite those reservations , Austin embraced F1 over the GP weekend with Texan bonhomie , barbeques and what amounted to a 24-hour festival of live music in downtown 's throbbing hub . "  Austin is already on the map , we 're the live music capital of the world , " enthused Andy from Austin 's Oak Hill area . "  Now we 're going to be the U.S. Grand Prix capital of the world . " The fans aside , the Hermann Tilke-designed circuit has also satiated the drivers ' demands for on-track thrills with its elevation changes and high-speed curves . "  The change of direction is faster than Silverstone and that 's saying something , " opined McLaren 's Jenson Button , the 2009 world champion . "  It 's fantastic . " On Sunday , the course staged an intense and intoxicating race , the result of which deliciously sent the 2012 title decider to the final grand prix in Brazil . The event also saw 117,500 fans -- just 2,500 shy of the circuit capacity -- turn out for a GP on U.S. soil , with many attending for the first time . "  I 've never experienced a race in my entire life , " said Jocelyn Floretta from St Louis , Missouri . "  It was absolutely amazing . "  How fast the cars go is so mind-boggling . They just put on such a spectacular show . We had no problems , it 's been very unstressful . " Marketing opportunity For the teams and sponsors , the lure of the U.S. market has also set pulses racing -- a five-year absence from the world 's second largest car market has been agony for those who are anxious to promote their brands in difficult financial times . "  We 're delighted that , after five years , F1 is back in the States , " said Mercedes vice-president Norbert Haug . "  This is very , very important . "  It is the biggest market for our premium cars and our colleagues over here will use this event over a long period of time to support our sales initiatives . " There are even opportunities for teams with non-motoring products to market , such as Red Bull who sell most of their energy drinks in the U.S. . But while the city , the circuit , the racing and the shop window it provides have all trumpeted F1 's return to the U.S. , it must still do more if it is to conquer America . Many Americans still consider the sport , which trails behind domestic series Nascar and IndyCar in audience share , to be elitist . "  It 's been an odd relationship with F1 , " said IndyCar icon Dario Franchitti , who was in Austin to watch his cousin Paul di Resta drive for the Force India team . "  There 's a core of hardcore F1 fans in America but the mainstays are Nascar and IndyCar . Generally nobody worried about it and F1 did n't really worry about America . It needed a facility like this to bring it all together . " Like others in the Austin paddock , the Scotsman also believes F1 should do more to embrace its fans . "  IndyCar is more accessible , our paddock is more open , you buy a ticket and you can all get in , " Franchitti added . "  Off the track , the public are used to having more access so they want that -LSB- in F1 -RSB- . " Many feel an American driver and race team are also essential to build and sustain F1 's presence in the U.S. . The country has produced two world champions in Phil Hill  1961  and Mario Andretti  1978  but Californian Scott Speed was the last American to compete in F1 and it 's been five years since he lost his Toro Rosso seat to reigning title-holder Sebastian Vettel . An approved entry for a new U.S.-based marque , when the grid was expanded in 2010 , ended ignominiously with the collapse of the USF1 team because of a lack of funding . "  Americans are very patriotic and they want someone to support , " said Alexander Rossi , Caterham F1 team 's U.S.-born reserve driver who is targeting a race seat in 2014 . "  In order to entice more fans , and to allow F1 to compete with Nascar and IndyCar , there needs to be an American driver . " The future Haug added to the theory : "  I would like to see a step-by-step approach : first , one successful event ; then a second one ; and ultimately an American driver . "  Hopefully we will also see an American team , like Penske in the past or like Dan Gurney 's Eagles , which won the Belgian Grand Prix in 1967 with the all-American car of the All American Racers . " When asked how he might promote the F1 brand further in the U.S. , Ecclestone replied : "  Have maybe 10 races like we have in Europe . " A new GP in New Jersey , which lost its place on the 2013 calendar because of money troubles , is penciled in for 2014 . Broadcaster NBC , who are the new U.S. rights holders to F1 from 2013 , also plan to build a bigger audience by expanding coverage on its mainstream sports channel . "  It 's not like in Europe where the mass population understands what the sport is , " argued Button , who spends time training in Hawaii and California . "  I was running in Malibu recently and a couple of people were like ` Jenson Button ' and I thought ` Wow , that 's amazing . ' It will change . We 'll get more people into the sport . "  Having it in Austin , a young , vibrant city should help attract a young audience but also get Americans more involved , actually wanting to work within the sport because that 's the real way F1 is going to grow in America . "	Sunday 's Grand Prix in Austin ended the sport 's five-year absence from the United States A near capacity crowd of 117,500 turned out to witness Lewis Hamilton win the race Hopes are high that an American driver can fuel the sport 's limited popularity in the U.S.
Kigali , Rwanda  CNN  -- The dandy look has long been associated with the style of the quintessential gentleman . It 's elegant and sophisticated with sharp lines and immaculately tailored suits . But certain gentlemen in various parts of Africa have now taken the look to the next level . These dapper dressers can often be seen strutting down the streets of Kinshasa or Brazzaville , as is the case with the Congo 's "  sapeurs . " And now , thanks to up-and-coming "  Afro-dandy " designer Matthew Rugamba , the look has also emerged in the Rwandan capital of Kigali -- but with a more local twist . Classy and elegant , Rugamba 's label House of Tayo combines bold African patterns and textures with western accessories to produce wax-print bow ties , colorful pocket squares and infinite scarfs for "  Afro-dandies " in Rwanda and beyond . We sat down with sartorially chic Rugamba to chat all things dandy : how to get the look ; African influences ; style icons and who he 'd most like to see don his designs . CNN : Tell me what you mean when you describe the House of Tayo style as "  Afro-dandyism ? " Matthew Rugamba : It hits the nail on the head for my style and what I try to do with my pieces . The additional use of color , patterns , texture -- it 's uniquely African . Then going to boarding schools -- you had to have your shirt tucked in , tie done . So many different influences have had an impact on me and helped me deliver my personal style which I have integrated into House of Tayo . CNN : And what 's this different side of Africa that you want to show ? MR : One of the reasons I started House of Tayo was because I was actually going to school in the United States , and I had so many questions about how life is in Rwanda . Many people had these negative assumptions . They had notions of how bad life was here , poverty , war . And it used to bug me a lot . CNN : So you got sick of telling your friends they were wrong all the time ? MR : Not necessarily my friends because I talk to them all the time . Just different people . It could be as random as the coffee shop conversation while you 're waiting in line , those were the bits and pieces that would get under my skin . At least with my friends i could say , "  Guys , come on ! Let me show you pictures . You could visit me . "  And it was just this other ... you sit in a classroom and there is a limit to the amount of times you can correct people or even just if you are meeting someone for the first time , you 're not going to go into this tirade of why you believe that their perceptions were wrong . CNN : Fair enough . Well what about House of Tayo showcases the styles and influences from Rwanda , then ? MR : I think it 's not necessarily Rwanda alone because I also lived in a couple of African countries , but I feel like general use of color , variation and also the presentation . Also the fact that its made in Rwanda and I 'm using bits and pieces that are sourced locally . One of the things that I started doing , the sliders and the hooks for the soft tie bow ties , are made out of cow horn for my newest collect . Cows are a big part of our culture here in terms of dowry and sustenance and history . CNN : Style icons ? MR : I 'd say Ozwald Boateng . Reading his story , it 's just fascinating and he 's also African , originated from Ghana . His unique use of color while intertwined with his personal experience and history with British tailoring -- he 's up there for my style icons . CNN : With you being a new startup , which designer label would you most like to emulate ? MR : Burberry . They remain contemporary and release collections like every other designer but there is a strong sense of heritage and history there that I really admire . CNN : Do you have a favorite piece from your latest collection ? MR : I 've been figuring out how I can recreate the experience of going to your tailor and having something made for you and recently I partnered with a company called "  Full Circle " based here in Rwanda and we 've been developing an app . There 's a special collection of bow ties I 'm making right now and what will happen , the box will have a QR code and when you scan the QR code you can see your bow tie being made . CNN : Cool combination of combining tech to the label . MR : It 's also bridging that gap between the customer and the person making the product in a way that I have n't really seen being done before . And for me that 's really amazing that half way across the world my customers would be able to see the working conditions , be able to almost have a personal connection with both the brand and the person that made the product . I think it will be really cool . CNN : So who 'd you most like to see wearing your designs on the red carpet ? MR : Celebrities who are bold . Celebrities who are fearless and have a real sense of self . A few of the names that come to mind are ; Pharrell , Janelle Monae , Samira Wiley , Idris Elba , Serge Ibaka , Tinie Tempah , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Lupita Nyong ` o , Michael K. Williams . CNN : Right , last question : what advice would you give to aspiring entrepreneurs ? MR : You have to take that leap of faith , if you feel so strongly about it then do it . I feel like if you feel strongly enough about something you will do it . It does n't matter if you 're an extravert , introvert , you will start something . Florence Obondo and Phoebe Parke contributed to this report .	Rwandan student was living in Portland , U.S. when he came up with the idea for House of Tayo An accessories brand that accentuates African color , textiles and fabric into Western pieces Despite no formal business training , Rugamba has struck a chord with the fashion fans
CNN  -- Fierce battles between Yemeni government forces and Shiite Muslim rebels in the country 's northwest have displaced tens of thousands of people , creating widespread humanitarian concerns , aid agencies said Thursday . UNICEF trucks carrying supplies to internally displaced families in Yemen . "  The ongoing conflict in Saada has forced more than 100,000 people to flee their homes at great risks to their lives and well-being , " said Ann Veneman of the United Nations Children 's Fund . "  Children and women represent the majority of the displaced . " The agency has been working to get refugees out of conflict zones and to provide them with safe drinking water , sanitation and critical supplies . The number of displaced could total as many as 150,000 , Veneman said . Getting assistance to those in need has been difficult , a government official said Wednesday . "  The government is cooperating with international relief organizations , with the U.N. , " said Mohammed Albasha , a spokesman for the Yemeni embassy in Washington . "  Internally we are doing all we can to ensure that civilians are not hurt and to minimize the collateral damage . " Yemen 's government and Houthi rebels have been involved in intermittent fighting since 2004 . The conflict is believed to be both separatist -- over who will have power in the area -- and sectarian -- whether Shiite Islam will dominate even though the majority of Yemenis are Sunni Muslim . The Houthis are Shiites . In mid-August , Yemen laid out cease-fire terms to the Houthi rebels , which included removing checkpoints , ending banditry and destructive acts , handing over all military equipment and weapons , and offering information on the fate of six kidnapped Europeans who disappeared in June , SABA , Yemen 's official news agency reported . Yemen 's President Ali Abdullah Saleh is also faced with a separatist movement in the country 's south and a growing threat from al Qaeda . Al Qaeda in Yemen has been a growing concern for the United States . In late July , Gen. David Petraeus , commander of the U.S. Central Command , and an accompanying delegation met with Saleh in Yemen . One of the topics of discussion was how to better combat terrorism , according to SABA .	Aid agencies warn of humanitarian crisis amid Yemen fighting More than 100,000 people displaced by conflict in country 's northwest Yemen government and Houthi rebels in intermittent conflict since 2004
CNN  -- Michelle Obama , never one to turn down an opportunity to champion healthy eating , has co-opted a popular tune -- and , in six seconds , created a viral sensation . Here 's how it happened . In an #AskTheFirstLady segment , Barack Obama impersonator Imman Crosson , or @AlphaCat , asked Obama , "  How many calories do you burn every time you ` turn up ' ?! " That 's lingo for ... well , in the safest sense , cutting loose  . Her six-second response , posted on the White House Vine account ? Well , just watch . Yes , that 's the first lady dancing with a turnip . It 's a take on DJ Snake and Lil Jon 's "  Turn Down for What . " The result ? Cool points , and a cool point made . Obama is known for her commitment to health , especially among children and young people . Her "  Let 's Move " campaign aims to "  solve the epidemic of childhood obesity within a generation . " So she 's not entirely uncomfortable wielding a vegetable . This is n't her first foray into pop culture to get us to eat our veggies . Earlier this year , she starred in a "  Tonight Show " skit called "  Ew ! " The first lady taught Sara , played by Jimmy Fallon , and Stacy , played by Will Ferrell , that being active and eating right is n't so "  Ew ! " Michelle Obama appears in ` Snackpocalypse '	Her Vine was a response to a question posed by an Obama impersonator It 's a take on an uber-popular song Obama is known for her commitment to health This is n't her first foray into pop culture to get us to eat our veggies
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- Six Italian men were shot dead in the German city of Duisburg on Wednesday in an execution-style killing linked to a mafia feud . Police remove a body from the scene . Italian Interior Minister Giuliano Amato said the shootings appeared to be linked to a feud between two mafia clans in the southern region of Calabria , home to the ` Ndrangheta organized crime group . Here are some key facts about the group : ORIGINS : -- The Calabrian "  Honored Society " , known as " ` Ndrangheta " , in the Calabria region of south Italy is the equivalent of the Sicilian Mafia . -- ` Ndrangheta began as a defense network for impoverished rural peasants against aristocratic landlords . Members emigrated to Canada and the United States , and were discovered running an intimidation scheme in Pennsylvania mining towns in 1906 . HOW DOES IT WORK ? -- They are known as "  The Honored Society " , Fibbia or Calabrian mafia . Instead of the pyramid structure of bosses used by other mafia , The ` Ndrangheta " uses families based on blood relationships , inter-marriages , or being a Godfather . Each group is named after their village , or after the family leader . TWENTIETH CENTURY EXPANSION : -- When Calabria began the process of industrialization and urbanization in the late 20th century , the ` Ndrangheta became interested in drug trafficking , weapons sales and public works and construction . THE PRESENT : -- In 2004 , authorities uncovered an international drugs trafficking network involving gangs in South America , Australia , and Europe . Drugs from Colombia were destined for countries such as Greece and Bulgaria . -- Italian officials estimated at the time that 80 percent of Europe 's cocaine had arrived from Colombia via Gioia Tauro 's docks in Reggio Calabria . -- Italian anti-organized crime agencies have estimated that the ` NDrangheta earns about $ 30 billion annually , mostly from illegal drugs , but also from ostensibly legal businesses such as construction , restaurants and supermarkets . -- There are believed to be about 100 ` Ndrangheta families in Calabria , who have become more successful than their Sicilian counterparts because their family ties are closer . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Six young Italians found shot in the head in western German city of Duisburg Five were dead when authorities arrived , one died later The victims were between 16 and 39 years old , police say Police believe the killings may be linked to organized crime in Italy
A former Reagan administration national security adviser is suspected of having illegally represented the government of Sudan , which has been under strict U.S. government sanctions and a trade embargo for nearly 20 years for supporting terrorism and violating human rights . FBI agents searched the Watergate apartment in Washington where Robert McFarlane resides seeking evidence of his alleged connection with Sudan . Court documents show agents seized handwritten notes , computer equipment and White House documents classified up to the level of Top Secret . McFarlane , who served as President Ronald Reagan 's national security adviser from 1983 to 1985 , has not been charged with any crime , and the U.S. attorney in Alexandria says McFarlane is working with authorities on the case . "  Mr. McFarlane is cooperating with this ongoing investigation and through his counsel has asserted his innocence , " said the prosecutor 's spokesman Peter Carr . McFarlane 's attorney , Barry Levine , said his client "  is a patriot . He is a humanitarian . He cares mightily about Darfur . And he surely violated no laws . " The story was first reported in The Washington Post . The detailed FBI affidavit in support of the search reviewed the history of McFarlane 's alleged relationship with Sudanese officials . The investigation is more than two years old , and discloses that agents went through trash at a location in Virginia looking for clues to McFarlane 's relationship with Sudanese officials . The FBI said they had found a series of e-mails to McFarlane which agents believed to be from someone in the Sudanese intelligence service . After reviewing 2009 e-mails FBI agent Grayden Ridd said in his court document , "  I believe these e-mails are evidence that McFarlane was entering into an agreement with the Government of Sudan to lobby the U.S. government officials on behalf of Sudan and to provide it with advice during negotiations with the United States . " The agent further said it appeared McFarlane and his Sudanese contact intended to structure the deal so it would appear McFarlane was representing Qatar , a U.S. ally . McFarlane 's Sudanese contact , according to the FBI , was a diplomat named Mohammed Hassen Babiker , whom the FBI said it learned was an intelligence operative for Sudan . Babiker , the FBI says , told McFarlane the three things he was interested in discussing with the U.S. government were peace in the war-torn Darfur region of western Sudan , existing U.S. sanctions against Sudan and its inclusion on the terror list , and the role of the United States in fostering peace and unity in Sudan . Prosecutors had no information on any legal proceedings in the case , but acknowledged they would take place in the Eastern District of Virginia .	McFarlane "  surely violated no laws , " his attorney says FBI agents search apartment of Robert McFarlane , who was NSA from 1983 to 1985 Sudan has been under strict sanctions and a trade embargo for nearly 20 years McFarlane has not been charged and is cooperating , U.S. attorney spokesman says
Baghdad  CNN  -- Demonstrators clashed with security forces around Iraq on Friday in confrontations that killed at least five people and wounded many others . Protesters attacked and burned government offices in several cities . The clashes were particularly intense in Mosul and Hawijah , in northern Iraq . In Mosul , two people were killed and 20 people were wounded Friday morning when Iraqi security forces opened fire on demonstrators who tried to force their way into a provincial council building in central Mosul , police said . Demonstrators destroyed equipment and burned furniture inside , police said . In the town of Hawijah , west of Kirkuk , three protesters were killed and 12 others were wounded when Iraqi security forces opened fire on protesters after hundreds threw stones at police and troops , Iraqi Army Capt. Mohammed al-Angood said . Demonstrators later set fire to a building housing the city council 's offices , police said . Unrest also flared in Baghdad , Falluja , Ramadi and in two towns in the province of Salaheddin . Helicopters hovered and security forces stepped up their presence in Baghdad as more than 2,000 demonstrators gathered in the city 's Tahrir Square to protest corruption and poor government services . Iraqi security forces opened fire to disperse crowds after protesters tried to enter the provincial council building in Anbar province . Security forces also opened fire to disperse crowds in two small towns in Salaheddin province , wounding eight protesters , police said . In Basra , in southern Iraq , the governor submitted his resignation just a few hours after hundreds gathered outside his office demanding that he step down . In Falluja , west of the country 's capital , hundreds demonstrated outside a city council building . On Thursday , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki urged citizens not to participate in Friday 's planned massive protests , claiming former members of Saddam Hussein 's regime and terrorists were plotting to take advantage of the demonstrations to create chaos in the country . Iraq 's top Shiite religious leaders , including clerics Ali al-Sistani and Muqtada al-Sadr , also urged that the Friday demonstrations be delayed . Authorities also announced a ban on all vehicle traffic -- except for Iraqi security forces vehicles -- in the cities of Baghdad , Mosul and Samarra and Tikrit , beginning at 12 a.m. Friday . Iraqi security forces have been on full alert since Monday and more Iraqi troops have been deployed to the streets of Baghdad ahead of the demonstrations on Friday , officials with Iraqi security forces tell CNN on condition of anonymity because of security concerns . Since early February , thousands of protesters have participated in a series of demonstrations across the country , apparently inspired by popular uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia . Their protests are against corruption , restrictions on freedom of expression , unemployment and poor government services . A police officer was killed and three others wounded when hundreds of demonstrators protested in the Iraqi town of Halabja over lack of basic services , corruption and unemployment , the town 's mayor said Thursday . On Tuesday , hundreds protesting for the same reasons started throwing stones at Iraqi police , Mayor Goran Adham said , wounding 43 police officers in the town , which is located about 84 kilometers  52 miles  southeast of Sulaimaniya in Iraq 's Kurdish region . The Iraqi government was formed in December , nine months after an inconclusive national election . This is the second elected government in the nearly eight years after a U.S.-led invasion toppled Hussein .	Police say two people were killed in central Mosul In Hawijah , three protesters are killed during clashes , according to police Protesters gather outside government buildings across the country Authorities announce a ban on vehicle traffic in some cities
CNN  -- Flo Meiler is 79 years old . She 's a grandmother to five , great-grandmother to two . She 's also a pole-vaulting , hurdle-jumping track and field star . In 2011 , she set the world indoor record in the pole vault for women over the age of 75 . She set the world record for the 60-meter hurdles and the 4x100 meter relay that same year . She has also set records in the steeplechase , the discus , the 200-meter hurdles and the hammer throw . In total , Meiler holds 15 world records and 12 U.S. records -- not bad for a woman who picked up pole vaulting at 65 . Meiler , of Shelburne , Vermont , and more than 10,000 other seniors are taking their athletic prowess to Cleveland this weekend for the 2013 National Senior Games . CNN spoke with Meiler about her love of the long jump , her favorite world record and why other people thinks she 's , well , "  a little nuts . " The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : Have you been active your whole life , or is this a new development ? Flo Meiler : Oh , I think I 've been pretty active , but more active since I took up track and field at age 60 . Believe it or not , I 'm more active now . CNN : How did you get into the sport so late ? Meiler : I was playing tennis -- singles , doubles and mixed doubles with my husband -- for the senior Olympics , and my training partner now , Barbara Jordan , came over and said , "  We need people in track and field desperately , and I think you would be good at it . " And I said , "  Well , do n't look at me , I 've never done track in my life . " She said , "  When you 're done your tennis , come over and try the long jump . " So that 's what I did ... and I fell in love with it immediately . The year afterwards , I competed for the first time in track and field , and I did the long jump . I came in fourth out of 25 women . And in the high jump , I tied for third . Do n't you think that did n't motivate me ?  laughs  For being a track and field person for the first time ? So that got me going . And my training partner is a real go-getter and very hard worker . We both have broken all kinds of U.S. and world records . We challenge each other -- but if one wins , gets a better score , it 's fine . We 're always in agreement , and we 're always good friends . CNN : What is it about track and field that you like ? Meiler : Track and field is very challenging . My training partner , she excels more in the 100 and 200 sprints and stuff . I like the pole  vault  and the hurdles -- they 're more challenging for me . CNN : What do you like about pole vaulting ? Meiler : People think I 'm a little nuts , I think  laughs  . I was 65 when I first took it up . I was at a senior meet , and I saw some ladies doing it , and it did n't look like they were going very high . I always like challenges , and I said , "  Boy , this looks like a real good challenge for me . " That 's why I took it up . It 's the most difficult sport , and it 's also the most challenging . It 's the most rewarding , I think . Believe it or not , in the  women 's  75-and-over  group  I have the world record . I have that under my belt , and that is a fantastic feeling . The height was 6 ' 3 " and a quarter , but I 've done 6 ' 8 " before . Not too bad . CNN : That must take a lot of upper-body strength . Meiler : It 's mostly upper core . You have to have a strong upper core and very strong arms , because all the strength is in your arms and the upper part of your body . CNN : What 's your training schedule like ? Meiler : On Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays , I do a lot of track . Some days , we will do 25-meter sprints ; then we will increase to 50 meters . Then , we 'll go up to 100 meters several times . Then we might do a few 200-meter runs . We change our training day-to-day . On Wednesday , we might practice our hurdles . Barb does n't do a lot of the throwing events , and I do , so on some other days , I 'll do the shot put . Like this morning , I did my javelin few times , and then I did my hammer . And I only took up hammer maybe four years ago , but I really enjoy it . And then my discus -- I really enjoy discus , too . On Tuesdays and Thursdays , I 'll do weights with the machines . And I play tennis also . And do some pushups at home -- they 're the women 's pushups , not the men 's pushups . It takes a lot of training . You have to be very , very devoted . CNN : What 's the hardest part about keeping up with it ? Meiler : In the wintertime , when it 's about 10 degrees outside , and you 're underneath the covers , and you say , "  Oh , I 'd love to sleep in for another couple hours . " But I know that my training partner is waiting ... and I ca n't not go . I have to be there . We 're very fortunate that we can train together . I always recommend that if someone wants to take up new sport or any other activity , they should do it with a friend , because it is so much more enjoyable because you help each other . You encourage each other . CNN : Are there any events you do n't particularly like ? Meiler : I 'm not too keen on doing the 100 - and 200-meter runs ... but I do them all ! Sometimes , I do the pentathlon , and that 's  five  events . You have to do that in two days . That 's quite hectic . Barbara and I and two other girls from the U.S. at the 2012 world meet in Sacramento , we set a world record in the 4x100 relay , so that was quite an accomplishment . CNN : You have so many . What 's your favorite record ? Meiler : I really enjoyed getting the world record in the 60-meter hurdles in Albuquerque , New Mexico . It was an indoor meet . I barely beat my training partner  laughs  . We were neck and neck . CNN : What is your diet like ? What do you eat to stay healthy and active ? Meiler : I take a healthy nutrition shake every morning . It 's made with orange juice , and it 's got all good nutrients in it . And then I just eat a regular lunch and dinner . I eat almost anything , and I do cheat once in a while . I do like those French fries once in a while  laughs  . I have a downfall for chocolate-covered almonds . I watch my weight . When I gain 2 1/2 pounds , and I can tell on me right away , and I do n't feel comfortable . CNN : What advice would you give to other seniors out there who might want to try something new ? Meiler : I keep telling them that it 's never too late . If I can take up track and field at 60 , anybody can take up another sport at age 50 and up . I recommend anyone who really looks at wanting to be healthy , they have to get going , get off the couch . One of the recommendations I have been mentioning is go to their senior center . My friends go for yoga , and there are a lot of other things they offer . If they really want to improve or do something more athletic , the center will have the resources to help them find what they should do and how safe it can be . CNN : Speaking of safety , have you ever been injured on the field ? Meiler : Oh , I 've had a few injuries . I 've had a few hamstring pulls . But with a couple visits to the physical therapist , I heal very quickly . I think it 's because I 'm in such good physical condition . The more severe one I got was splitting my knee open on the barrier when I was doing the steeplechase . I got maybe a dozen stitches there . But I healed up within a couple weeks , and I was right back doing the same thing . You 're a little hesitant , though , after you get 12 stitches . You say , "  Uh oh , you better be careful . "	Flo Meiler , 79 , holds 15 world records and 12 U.S. records in track and field Meiler loves the pole vault and the hurdles because they 're the most challenging She was 65 years old when she started pole vaulting
A hidden bomb killed 30 Sunni worshipers , and wounded 52 others at a mosque near Baquba , Iraq , on Friday at 1 p.m. , police and health officials said . The Abu al-Qassim Mohammed , a Sunni Mosque in Umm al-Adham district , is about 3 miles  5 kilometers  west of Baquba which is about 37 miles  60 kilometers  northeast of Baghdad . The bomb was hidden inside the mosque AC ducts and stuffed with metal ball bearings , police officials told CNN . Today 's attack that targeted is the latest in a series of attacks targeting Sunni and Shiite mosques over the past few months . In a separate attack , a bomb in Qara Tapa , about 75 miles  120 kilometers  north of Baquba , killed one person and wounded four others at a Sunni mosque . In Mosul , about 400 km north of Baghdad , five people were killed in three separate incidents . The deadliest attack happened when a car bomb exploded at the of the head of Nineveh provincial council 's convoy and killed three of his bodyguards On Wednesday a suicide bomber blew himself up amid a crowd of worshipers at a Shiite mosque in Baghdad , killing at least 30 people and wounding 55 , police said The bomber wore an explosive vest , which he detonated Wednesday evening in the northwestern al-Kassra neighborhood , police officials said . The force of the blast damaged not only the mosque , but several buildings nearby , police said . Iraq has seen a sharp increase in friction between its Shiite and Sunni populations since April , when Iraqi security forces raided a site used by Sunni protesters to demonstrate against the Shiite-led government . Sunnis have felt politically marginalized under Shiite President Nuri al-Maliki , whose government fears that Sunni Islamists involved in fighting in neighboring Syria are now targeting it . More than 800 Iraqis were killed and another 2,030 wounded in violence and acts of terrorism in August , the United Nations said .	Bomb was hidden in AC ducts of Sunni mosque Separate attack kills 4 at different Sunni mosque On Wednesday a suicide bomber killed 30 at Shiite mosque in Baghdad
CNN  -- The space shuttle Endeavour landed Thursday at Edwards Air Force Base in California , the latest stage in its transcontinental voyage to retirement . The orbiter 's final destination is the California Science Center in Los Angeles , but it still has some sightseeing to do before it goes on display . On Friday , Endeavour , atop a modified jumbo jet , will do several flyovers in Sacramento , San Francisco and Los Angeles -- weather permitting . Upon arrival at Los Angeles International Airport , the orbiter will be removed from its perch aboard the Boeing 747 it has piggybacked for three days . NASA said the shuttle will be moved over roads on October 12-13 to its final spot at the science museum . On Thursday , it flew low over Tuscon , Arizona , where Mark Kelly , who was the commander on the last Endeavour mission , watched with his wife , former congresswoman Gabby Giffords . Kelly , who was in space when Giffords was shot and six others were killed in January 2011 , said it was emotional to see the orbiter again . "  The space shuttle is really a testament to American engineering and ingenuity , " he told CNN affiliate KOLD . "  It is the most amazing spacecraft ever built , by far . " His wife had watched the launch of his mission but missed the landing , so it was great for her to see the shuttle in the air , he added . Endeavour , along with Discovery , Enterprise and Atlantis , became a museum piece after NASA ended its 30-year shuttle program in July 2011 . Two other shuttles -- Challenger and Columbia -- were destroyed in accidents that killed all aboard . Challenger exploded shortly after launch in 1986 , and Columbia broke apart upon re-entry into Earth 's atmosphere in 2003 . Watch : Trees removed to make way for Endeavour Endeavour 's three-day piggyback flight was divided into three legs that could be described as scenic routes to showcase the shuttle to the public . "  Social media users are encouraged to share their Endeavour sightings using the hashtags #spottheshuttle and #OV105 , Endeavour 's orbiter vehicle designation , " NASA said . Wednesday 's leg took Endeavour to Houston , with flyovers along Florida 's Space Coast , Stennis Space Center in Mississippi and the Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans . As Endeavour bid farewell to Kennedy Space Center , it elicited strong emotions from people -- such as CNN iReporter Randy Lathrop of Cocoa , Florida -- who have lived with the shuttle program nearby for decades . "  It 's the last time that she 'll ever be at her home base again . It strikes a chord of nostalgia in you because she 's done so many flights from the space center . This is her home , " Lathrop said . A short history of Endeavour Named for the first ship commanded by British explorer James Cook , Endeavour rolled off the assembly plant in Palmdale , California , in 1991 at a cost of $ 1.7 billion . It was the baby of the shuttle fleet , built as a replacement for Challenger . Over the next 20 years , Endeavour flew some of the most high-profile shuttle missions , covering 25 flights and nearly 123 million miles . It flew a Spacelab mission and numerous International Space Station assembly missions and rendezvoused with Russia 's Mir Space Station . Read more space and science news on CNN 's Light Years blog CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Ric Ward contributed to this report .	NEW : Former shuttle commander Mark Kelly , Gabby Giffords watch flyover Orbiter Endeavour , atop 747 , lands at Edwards Air Force Base NASA plans some low-altitude flyovers so people can get a good look Friday The retired shuttle is headed towards a museum in Los Angeles
CNN  -- After 22 years with Bud Selig in charge , Major League Baseball did n't look far for his replacement -- tapping Selig 's right-hand man and longtime league executive Rob Manfred as its next commissioner . Owners of the 30 Major League teams elected Manfred during their quarterly meetings Thursday in Baltimore , the league announced on Twitter . While Selig noted afterward there had been "  a significant number of votes , " he said Manfred ultimately was elected unanimously -- surpassing the 23 votes that he needed to get the job -- as MLB 's 10th ever commissioner . "  It 's been a great day for baseball , and I 'm very pleased tonight and proud that we did it , " Selig said . Manfred spent 15 years as MLB 's executive vice president of labor relations , during which time he represented the league in reaching collective bargaining agreements with players in 2002 , 2006 and 2011 -- without any work stoppages , as happened several times in the 1980s and 1990s . In September 2013 , the lawyer by training became the league 's chief operating officer , overseeing "  all of the traditional functions of the commissioner 's office , including labor relations , baseball operations , finance , administration and club governance , " according to his official bio . Manfred reported directly to the man he is now succeeding , Allan "  Bud " Selig . A former car salesman and owner of the Milwaukee Brewers , Selig ascended to the commissioner 's job in 1992 following the resignation of Fay Vincent and remained there through his official election to the post six years later . Selig , 80 , announced last fall that he 'd retire as commissioner , effective this coming January . Manfred referenced his soon-to-be predecessor in remarks to reporters , saying that he has "  very big shoes to fill . " "  I hope that I will perform as the 10th commissioner in a way that will add to  Selig 's  great legacy , " Manfred said . Former player Bill Bean named MLB 's ` inclusion ambassador ' MLB replay system expanded for 2014 season	NEW : Outgoing commissioner Bud Selig says there were "  a significant number of votes " NEW : Rob Manfred says he has "  very big shoes to fill " Selig is retiring from the job he 's held for more than 20 years Manfred spent 15 years as MLB 's executive vice president of labor relations
CNN  -- Michigan 's Supreme Court issued an order Tuesday allowing lower state courts to "  exercise reasonable control " over the appearance of witnesses and parties , a rule change proposed after a Muslim woman refused to remove an Islamic garment in a small claims court . A niqab is a garment that covers the entire face and head , except for the eyes . The order allows courts "  reasonable control over the appearance of parties and witnesses " so as to "  ensure that the demeanor of such persons may be observed and assessed by the fact-finder and ensure the accurate identification of such person . " The order , which amends a rule of the Michigan Rules of Evidence , is effective September 1 . The amendment was prompted by a 2006 small claims case in Michigan filed by Ginnah Muhammad , who wore a niqab -- a garment that covers the entire face and head , except for the eyes -- to court , the order said . According to the Detroit Free Press , Muhammad was contesting a $ 2,750 repair bill from a car rental company because she said thieves broke into the vehicle she was using . As she prepared to testify , Judge Paul Paruk asked her to remove her niqab , saying he needed to be able to see her face to tell whether she was telling the truth , according to court documents . "  I ca n't see certain things about your demeanor and temperament that I need to see in a court of law , " Paruk said at the time . Muhammad refused , saying that she was a practicing Muslim and would take off the veil only in front of a female judge . Paruk said a female judge was not available and told Muhammad she could remove the niqab or have her case dismissed -- she chose the latter , according to court documents . She sued the judge in federal district court , which declined to exercise jurisdiction over the case . Muhammad has since appealed to the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals . The Michigan chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations issued a statement saying that if the amended rule was interpreted broadly , it could "  not only adversely affect Muslim females who wear the head scarf , but could also be used to violate Jewish , Sikh , and other people of faiths ' constitutional rights under the First Amendment while in Michigan courts . " It added , "  As a civil rights advocacy group , CAIR-MI is concerned about individuals who may be reluctant to report crimes or petition the courts out of fear that their religious rights may be violated . " Other religious groups , as well as the American Civil Liberties Union and domestic violence groups , had opposed the rule change , the Detroit Free Press reported . The ACLU had asked that the court add a sentence to the rule saying "  that no person shall be precluded from testifying on the basis of clothing worn because of a sincerely held belief , " the newspaper reported in May . CAIR also said that it would announce on Wednesday the filing of a federal lawsuit against a Wayne County , Michigan , judge who had asked a Muslim woman to remove her head scarf in court . "  The Muslim plaintiff felt so intimidated by the judge 's repeated demand that she eventually removed her head scarf , " the organization said in a statement released Tuesday . CAIR-MI is a co-plaintiff in the lawsuit being filed on behalf of the Michigan woman , who is a member of the group . Last month , the Judicial Council of Georgia adopted a policy allowing religious head coverings in the state 's courtrooms , the Atlanta Journal Constitution reported .	Courts allowed "  exercise reasonable control " over appearance of witnesses Change prompted by case in which judge demanded woman remove face-covering Rule says "  demeanor " must be observable , "  accurate identification " ensured Council on American-Islamic Relations , ACLU oppose the change
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A sharply divided House of Representatives narrowly passed a White House-backed climate change bill Friday after hours of cajoling and arm-twisting by Democratic leaders among members worried about the legislation 's potential economic and political fallout . The House of Representatives passes an energy bill that includes a "  cap-and-trade " program on emissions . The bill passed 219-212 , with virtually no Republican support . The bill would reduce nationwide greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent by 2020 and 83 percent by 2050 through a so-called "  cap-and-trade " program under which companies would buy and sell emissions credits . Among other things , the bill would also require utilities to generate an increasing amount of power from renewable sources . Even before daybreak Friday , consternation over the bill brewed anew . The Democrats released a 301-page amendment to the bill at 3:09 a.m. Friday , drawing protest from Republican Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  This is the biggest job-killing bill that has ever been on the floor of the House of Representatives . Right here . This bill , " Boehner said . The leaders of the House are customarily granted unlimited speaking time , but when the Boehner 's speech went more than 2 1/2 hours , Democrats objected . "  Is this an attempt to try to get some people to leave on a close vote ? " asked Rep Henry Waxman , D-California , the bill 's lead sponsor . Also Friday , the House of Representatives phone switchboard went down as conservative radio hosts and congressmen made direct pleas for voters to dial the Capitol to voice their opposition to the bill . "  Phone traffic has increased to a level where some callers are receiving an ` all circuits are busy now , please try back again later ' message , " communications director Jeff Ventura said via e-mail . Congressional sources said Democrats were hoping their constituents would also attempt to match phone calls opposed to the bill with phone calls for the bill . "  Call your congressman , right now ! " urged Rep. Mike Pence , R-Indiana , from the House floor as the chamber seemed near a vote . Ventura said the bill was likely behind the phone-line crash . "  The suspected cause ... is believed to be interest and inquiries regarding the expected vote on the climate bill , " he wrote . The House vote came one day after President Obama made an urgent plea for congressional approval in what could be an early make-or-break test of his young administration . "  Now is the time for us to lead , " Obama said during an appearance Thursday in the White House Rose Garden . "  We can not be afraid of the future . We can not be prisoners to the past . " The president said the bill will spark a "  clean energy transformation " of the U.S. economy and "  make possible the creation of millions of new jobs . " "  Make no mistake , " he emphasized . "  This is a jobs bill . " Several moderate and conservative Democrats indicated that they received heavy constituent pressure in the final hours to buck their party leadership and vote against the bill . "  I ca n't begin to tell you how many calls we 've received , " said Rep. Charles Gonzalez , D-Texas . "  And it 's disproportionately vote ` no . ' " Gonzalez , who voted "  yes , " believes special interest groups generated many of the calls on both sides , including the late surge of negative feedback . However , Gonzalez also said Obama tried to counter much of that pressure by personally reaching out to swing members since Thursday night . Republicans have argued the bill would have the unintended consequence of devastating the country 's battered industrial base while pushing polluting industries to countries with lower environmental standards . Having cleared the House , the bill now faces an unclear future in the Senate , where Democratic leaders have held off on introducing their own version of the legislation . CNN 's Evan Glass contributed to this report .	Democratic leaders , Obama twist arms to get politically dicey bill passed Bill would reduce nationwide greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent by 2020 GOP says bill would drive polluting companies to less-regulated countries Bill faces unclear future in Senate , where it has not been introduced
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- On the surface , Seoul , the capital of economic powerhouse South Korea , is one of the most impressive cities in East Asia : Sprawling and prosperous , hi-tech and self confident . But eight times a year , the traffic comes to a halt and crowds disappear from the streets as an eerie wail resounds across the city : The sound is a siren , and this is the minbangui , or civil defense exercise , designed to drill the population against a possible strike . Seoul is a metropolis that lives in the gun sights of North Korea , one of the most dangerous states on the planet and just 40 miles  64 kilometers  north of downtown , yet Seoul residents have learned to live with the threat . In recent years , North Korean provocations -- nuclear tests , missile firings , naval clashes -- have been more a subject for conversation in barbeque restaurants and late night pubs than lifestyle changers . Financial markets are barely moved by the latest threats ; nobody is digging bunkers among their backyard kimchi pots . A blas attitude has infiltrated the public consciousness after six decades of living with the North . On Tuesday that attitude was rudely shaken after North Korean shells slammed into the South Korean island of Yeonpyong in the Yellow Sea . The sight of columns of smoke rising from an artillery strike sent a frisson of real fear through this city of 12 million . It was the first such attack since the Korean War ended at midnight , July 27 , 1953 , and Seoul itself lies in range of massed , long-range North Korean artillery dug into the Demilitarized Zone . Streets were jammed with traffic , as the news broke and people headed home to join families . Companies sent emails urging staff to remain calm . A European diplomatic dinner was half empty , as invited government officials on stage two alert -- one being the lowest level , four being war footing -- were obliged to remain at their stations . "  When I got home , the family discussed what we would do if war breaks out , " said Kim Joon-hee , a Seoul-based accountant and mother of two . "  This was especially shocking as it came after the Cheonan incident . " In March , the Cheonan , a South Korea warship , was sunk in the Yellow Sea with the loss of 46 lives , indicating a dangerous new level of aggression by North Korea . The isolated state is currently in the midst of a leadership succession process . In the words of North Korean expert Dr Andrei Lankov , incoming leader Kim Jong Un has to prove to his generals that , " ... he is not a spoiled brat who spent his childhood eating Swiss pastries , but a tough leader -- a warlord in the making . " That was certainly the impression Seoul residents got on Tuesday . "  I had never seen South Korean buildings burning like that -- this was Iraq on Yeonpyong , " said Sue Kim , a reporter at a leading daily . "  It was kind of incredible , but then my reaction was this has been going on for half a century . I had forgotten that we live in a country at war . " The Korean War , which ended with a truce rather than a peace treaty , is a distant memory for most Seoulites : few know the details of the savage street combat that racked their city , or the fact that the capital changed hands four times . The only remaining signs of combat are the bullet and shrapnel damage in the masonry of ancient palaces , for most of the city has been built and rebuilt . It is easy for the younger generation to overlook these scars , and the prominent U.S. military garrison -- headquarters of the 27,500 U.S. troops still stationed here as insurance against another invasion -- at Yongsan in the very heart of Seoul , is now an established part of the cityscape . And whether the Cheonan and Yeonpyongdo incidents will permanently change attitudes is uncertain . "  Normally when the North Koreans misbehave , people do n't care , but yesterday , people got nervous , " said Robert Koehler , a 13-year expatriate and author of a Seoul guidebook . "  People tend to get very angry , but then they settle down -- it is easy to get jaded . " But with the memories of one of the century 's most devastating wars seared into their memories , the old generation can not forget . "  For me this is nothing new , " said Kim Song-hwan , a retired artist who lived through -- and painted -- the North Korean occupation of Seoul in 1950 . "  But it is kind of problematic that young people today are unconcerned about the danger of war . " The 20th century Korean War lasted three years and killed -- estimates vary -- between two and four million . A 21st century Korean War is likely to be shorter but , with Pyongyang possessing nuclear weapons , even deadlier . And while Seoul in 1950 was a city that few people in the wider world had heard of , modern Seoul has tremendous international relevance as the capital of the world 's 13th largest economy . Were it to come under artillery or nuclear attack , the tsunami that would sweep through global financial markets could be devastating .	Although no strangers to North Korean hostility , Seoul residents see this attack as different The sight of columns of smoke rising from an artillery strike sent a frisson of real fear It was the first such attack since the Korean War ended at midnight July 27 , 1953 Seoul itself lies in range of massed , long-range North Korean artillery
CNN  -- Spain 's world champions will begin the defense of their European title against fellow football superpowers Italy next June , after both were drawn in Group C on Friday . That match in Gdansk will be the feature clash of the third day of the Euro 2012 finals , while the Republic of Ireland will take on Croatia in the other opening Group C fixture in Poznan . "  It is a difficult draw . The 16 strongest teams are in this tournament so whatever team we came up against would have presented problems , " Spain coach Vicente del Bosque told UEFA 's website . Relive the draw as it happened "  Given the circumstances , it is good that we will play our three games in Poland and we will not face Germany . Along with Italy we have a squad with pedigree , and the two teams that came through the playoff , Ireland and Croatia , did so with little difficulty . It will be a competitive group . " Italy coach Cesare Prandelli will come up against his mentor Giovanni Trapattoni in Poznan on June 18 in the four-time world champions ' final group game against the Irish . "  We wanted to avoid a game against Trapattoni 's Ireland for various reasons . I met him today and he is very good at cooling down every situation , " Prandelli said of the 72-year-old , who coached Italy from 2000-2004 . Co-hosts Poland will launch the 16-team tournament on June 8 against 2004 champions Greece in Warsaw , it was confirmed in Kiev on Friday . Russia , the 2018 World Cup hosts , face the Czech Republic in the other Group A game in Wroclaw that day . The Netherlands , beaten by Spain in the 2010 World Cup final , will play Euro '92 winners Denmark in the opening Group B match in Kharkiv on June 9 . Germany , the 2008 runners-up , will begin their bid for a fourth title against 2004 finalists Portugal that day in Lviv . "  It is probably the strongest , most interesting and most balanced group of them all , " said Germany coach Joachim Low . "  Every team has strong players and even some world-class players , so we can look forward to some great matches . "  Denmark are very difficult to play at tournaments because they are well organized and go into the matches without fear . They fit well into the underdog role , have no fear and because they have a great mentality , they are so dangerous to play . " Ukraine , given a top seeding like their co-hosts , also escaped with a relatively good draw in Group D along with England , France and Sweden . France , the 2000 champions , face cross-channel rivals England on June 11 in Donetsk , while Sweden will have a difficult opening test in the Ukrainian capital of Kiev . "  It is an exciting group , " Sweden coach Erik Hamren said . "  I was hoping to avoid Spain and Germany , and perhaps get an easier team . I am pleased . "  Whichever group we would have landed in , we would have been underdogs because we are among the lowest-ranked teams . "	Co-hosts Poland play 2004 winners Greece in opening game of Euro 2012 Defending champions Spain take on Italy in Group C opener on June 10 Group B features the Netherlands , Germany , Denmark and Portugal Co-hosts Ukraine in Group D with France , England and Sweden
Editor 's note : Glenn Beck is on CNN Headline News nightly at 7 and 9 ET and also is host of a conservative national radio talk show . Glenn Beck has some lines McCain can use in tonight 's speech to articulate his vision for change NEW YORK  CNN  -- Campaigns are ugly . Watching the way politicians act makes you long for the respect and self-control of the Sopranos . Throughout , there are legitimate attacks and outright lies . Every once in a while , I get a call on my radio show from someone telling me that Barack Obama is secretly a Muslim , who admitted it in an interview with George Stephanopoulos , and has a fake birth certificate . No , no , and no . As I tell them , there are legitimate reasons not to vote for Barack Obama , no need to make them up . But the newest target is Sarah Palin . Let 's take a quick look at just a fraction of what she has faced in her first few days as John McCain 's choice for vice president . iReport.com : Do you think Palin is being treated unfairly ? "  Sarah Palin believes God told her to go to war with Iraq ! " There has been some hard-core journalistic malpractice on this one . The Associated Press ran this headline about a speech she gave at her church : "  Palin : Iraq war ' a task that is from God ' " In the story , they omit the first part of the sentence they 're quoting along with the entire previous sentence for good measure . Here are her actual words : "  Pray for our military men and women who are striving to do what is right . Also , for this country , that our leaders , our national leaders , are sending them out on a task that is from God . That 's what we have to make sure that we 're praying for , that there is a plan and that that plan is God 's plan . " Palin is clearly praying that we 're doing the right thing in Iraq , something sensible for an introspective woman of faith concerned about the lives of our troops to do . She 's not saying that she just received a text message from heaven 's BlackBerry ordering her to launch missiles . Sorry to disappoint you . And for those of you who think politicians asking God for guidance is offensive , might I remind you of this famous politician 's prayer : "  Give me the wisdom to do what is right and just . And make me an instrument of your will . " -- Barack Obama "  She has no experience ! " It 's fair to assume that Barack Obama believed he was qualified to be in the White House when he announced he was running for president . At that point , he had been a U.S. Senator for 767 days . When Sarah Palin was announced as a vice presidential candidate , she had been the governor of Alaska for 634 days . While I 'm sure those extra 133 days were filled with personal discovery , I ca n't imagine anyone seriously trying to make the case that Obama is experienced and Palin is n't . Unless , of course , you 're Matt Damon , who said a Palin presidency would be a really "  scary thing " because she has been "  governor of Alaska for ... for less than two years ! "  Damon originally expressed his presidential preference for Obama in December 2006 , when he had been a senator for less than two years . More importantly , Palin 's career has been filled with executive experience . She 's the only one of the four in this race who has run a business , town , and/or state  a state that gives her crucial energy experience in the middle of an energy crisis  . When Obama 's campaign complains that Palin would be one heartbeat away from the presidency , they should consider that their candidate would be zero heartbeats away . "  But Obama is running a huge campaign -- Palin was just a small town mayor ! " Believe it or not , this one was actually trotted out by Obama himself . "  My understanding is , is that Gov. Palin 's town of Wasilla has , I think , 50 employees . We 've got 2,500 in this campaign . I think the budget is maybe $ 12 million a year . We have a budget of about three times that just for the month . " Apparently , Barack missed that she 's become the governor of Alaska in the interim . Why would he compare his current duties with her former duties ? Well , since he announced his candidacy , Barack Obama has raised about $ 22 million a month . That 's a large organization for sure , unless you are directly comparing it to Sarah Palin , who is handling state revenues that are about 61 times as large , or more than $ 1.3 billion per month . "  Palin only supports abstinence to be taught in sex-ed ! " This claim is usually followed by a super classy comment about her daughter and the use of contraception , but the premise is false . Palin has n't said she does n't want condoms discussed in sex-ed , calling their discussion "  relatively benign . " "  I 'm pro-contraception , and I think kids who may not hear about it at home should hear about it in other avenues . So I am not anti-contraception . But , yeah , abstinence is another alternative that should be discussed with kids . I do n't have a problem with that , " Palin said . Hers is hardly an extreme point of view in America today . "  If she cares about children with special needs , then why did she cut spending on them by 62 percent ? " Actually , Palin almost tripled their funding in only three years from $ 26,900 per student to $ 73,840 per student . Incidentally , the amount of government money you spend on a specific group does n't equal the amount you care for that group , but that 's another story for another column . All of these represent just a small percentage of the bizarre collection of claims being thrown at Palin by her opponents and some in the media -- who are desperately hoping something will stick . I leave you with my favorite so far : The Internet rumors that she harbors racism against Eskimos . If true , she sure has a strange way of expressing it -- her husband , Todd , is half Yupik Inuit Eskimo . To balance that out , she must really love his other half . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Glenn Beck : Many of the things you 've heard about Sarah Palin are n't true Beck : She did n't say the Iraq war is a task from God Palin has substantial executive experience in several jobs , Beck says . Beck : She does n't oppose teaching contraception in sex-ed classes
CNN  -- One country 's dusty backyard is another country 's dream vacation , according to Google 's 2013 year-in-review list . Published Tuesday , the Zeitgeist charts reveal the hottest travel destinations by country . The data is divided into two kinds of lists . The first reflects the "  trending " destinations -- those that show the greatest growth in searches when compared to last year -- while the second shows rankings of topics with the largest total search volumes . Google is the world 's most popular search engine , with 71 % of the global search engine market share . The roundup yielded some surprising results -- Macau was the most searched destination in India this year , for example . In Australia the top destination was Disneyland , despite the fact that the closest Magical Kingdom is an ocean away in Hong Kong . London topped the destination searches in the United Arab Emirates , while those in the UK were planning trips to Rome and New York . More : The world 's best city is ... Zeitgeist also analyzed the top destination wedding and honeymoon searches coming from the United States . American couples wanted to head to the warm waters of Mexico , Bahamas and Kauai for their weddings , while New Zealand topped their honeymoon searches . Croatia rounded out the top 10 honeymoon list . True value "  This info is gold if you want to really know what the local hotspots are , " says Google spokesperson Joyce Hau . "  For instance , what island destination is the most popular amongst Thais in Thailand ? Hint : it 's not Koh Samui . " It 's actually Koh Larn . Despite having only a 3 % market share in China , Google 's study also looked at search queries there . Hangzhou and Suzhou were declared of greatest interest to travelers . China will soon become the world 's largest domestic travel market and account for 40 % of all outbound Asian travelers according to a new study by the Boston Consulting Group . Highlights for the most searched destinations around the world are below . You can see the full lists at Google Zeitgeist . Most searched destinations Australia  search volume 1 . Disneyland 2 . Dubai 3 . China 4 . London 5 . Malaysia 6 . Koh Samui 7 . Phuket 8 . Cambodia 9 . Antarctica 10 . Mecca India  search volume 1 . Macau 2 . Maldives 3 . Mauritius 4 . Bali 5 . Boston 6 . Dubai 7 . Amsterdam 8 . Singapore 9 . Bangkok 10 . Philippines New Zealand  search volume 1 . Australia 2 . Fiji 3 . Vanuatu 4 . Sydney 5 . Bali 6 . Mexico 7 . Brisbane 8 . Vietnam 9 . New Caledonia 10 . London More : The most Instagrammed places in 2013 United Arab Emirates  search volume 1 . London 2 . Singapore 3 . Madrid 4 . Barcelona 5 . Thailand 6 . Doha 7 . Beirut 8 . Sydney 9 . Cannes 10 . Paris United Kingdom  trending 1 . Rome 2 . New York 3 . Amsterdam 4 . Palma 5 . Magaluf 6 . Bangkok 7 . Sydney 8 . Bruges 9 . Venice 10 . Mauritius China  search volume 1 . Hangzhou 2 . Suzhou 3 . Jiuzhaigou 4 . Wuzhen 5 . Beijing 6 . Yunnan 7 . Tibet 8 . Hong Kong 9 . Shanghai 10 . Taiwan U.S. searches for destination wedding locations  trending 1 . Mexico 2 . Bahamas 3 . Kauai 4 . Caribbean 5 . Jamaica 6 . Italy 7 . Las Vegas 8 . Florida 9 . Costa Rica 10 . Bermuda U.S. searches for honeymoon locations  trending 1 . New Zealand 2 . Cancn 3 . Maldives 4 . Bali 5 . Thailand 6 . Belize 7 . St Lucia 8 . Tahiti 9 . Caribbean 10 . Croatia Top domestic travel destination searches , by search volume Japan  top Japanese destinations by Japanese users 1 . Disneyland 2 . Universal Studios Japan 3 . Tokyo DisneySea 4 . Sky Tree 5 . Isejingu  Ise Shrine 6 . Tokyo Dome 7 . Fujikyuu Highland 8 . Huis Ten Bosch 9 . Izumo Taisha 10 . Ooedo Hot Springs Malaysia 1 . Genting Highlands 2 . Langkawi 3 . Gold Coast Morib 4 . Pulau Perhentian 5 . Penang 6 . Pulau Tioman 7 . Port Dickson 8 . Melaka 9 . Kuching 10 . Pulau Redang Philippines 1 . Sky Ranch Tagaytay 2 . Movenpick Resort Cebu 3 . Tubbataha Reef 4 . Pico de Loro 5 . Tugawe Cove Resort 6 . Potipot Island 7 . Amana Waterpark 8 . Misibis Bay 9 . Nuvali 10 . Laiya resorts Taiwan 1 . Kenting 2 . National Palace Museum 3 . Wuling Farm 4 . Yushan 5 . Gongyuan 6 . Lamay Island 7 . Chateau in the Air , Miaoli 8 . Jiufen 9 . Huashan 10 . Alishan Thailand 1 . Koh Lahn 2 . Asiatique 3 . Siam Park 4 . Koh Chang 5 . Accommodation in Hua Hin 6 . Samed Island 7 . Dream World Theme Park 8 . Pattaya 9 . Korea 10 . Chiang Rai More : 11 places to go in 2014	Google 's year-in-review Zeitgeist list reveals most searched and trending destinations by country Mexico topped U.S. searches for destination wedding locations Local search info has most value for travelers
CNN  -- Bristol Palin and the father of her child , Levi Johnston , are engaged again . The couple reconciled three months ago during custody discussions about their 18-month-old son , Tripp , Us Weekly magazine reported Wednesday . According to the magazine , the couple said Bristol Palin 's mother , former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin , did not know about their plans until now . "  We got engaged two weeks ago , " the magazine quoted Bristol Palin as saying . "  It felt right , even though we do n't have the approval of our parents . " She acknowledged in the article that "  it is intimidating and scary just to think about what her reaction is going to be , " adding : "  Hopefully she will jump on board . " The Palin family issued a statement later Wednesday that stopped short of a full-throated endorsement . "  Bristol , at 19 , is now a young adult , " said the statement attributed to the Palin family . "  As parents we obviously want what is best for our children , but Bristol is ultimately in charge of determining what is best for her and her beautiful son . " The family statement added that "  Bristol believes in redemption and forgiveness to a degree most of us struggle to put in practice in our daily lives . " "  We pray that , as a couple , Bristol and Levi 's relationship matures into one that will allow Tripp to grow up graced with two loving parents in his life , " the statement said . According to the magazine , Johnston , 20 , had no expectations of a reconciliation when he and Bristol Palin got together to discuss custody arrangements involving their son . "  I really thought we were over . So when I went , I had no hope , " the magazine quoted Johnston as saying . "  I think we both just started talking -- and then we took Tripp for a walk . " Us Weekly Senior Editor Lindsey Powers told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Wednesday that "  they opened up to us about how they had the baby so young and it was really hard for them to work together to raise Tripp . " "  But as they got a little bit closer , Bristol moved out of her parents ' home to a condo in Anchorage , they got accustomed to parenting and as they worked out a custody plan , they started spending a lot more time together then started realizing they wanted to reunite , " Powers said . The engagement "  would fit in with  Sarah Palin 's  ` family values ' platform , " Powers said . "  What better than to have your daughter reuniting with the father of the baby and reuniting the family ? " Johnston sent Bristol Palin a text that said , "  I miss you . I love you . I want to be with you again " and she was in shock , Powers confirmed to CNN . "  They realized that they 're really in love and they 're together . And she was thrilled when he popped the question with a one-carat diamond ring , " Powers said . "  They say they want it to be quick so , certainly , we 'll see them walking down the aisle shortly , " Powers added . Their teenage relationship fell under an intense public spotlight after Sen. John McCain picked Sarah Palin as his vice presidential running mate in August 2008 . The couple broke off their first engagement about two months after their son 's birth in December 2008 . After they broke up , Johnston posed in Playgirl Magazine and said on "  The Tyra Banks Show " that they had been allowed to live together , a charge the Palin camp denied . Johnston irked Sarah Palin last fall by claiming that she referred to her infant son Trig , who has Down syndrome , as "  retarded . " According to Us Weekly , she fired back , telling reporters that anyone who posed for Playgirl would "  say and do anything for even more attention . " Later , during an interview with Oprah Winfrey , she called his "  aspiring porn " career "  heartbreaking . " During a nasty custody battle last year , Johnston asked that the case be conducted in public to protect him from Sarah Palin , whom he said was "  powerful , politically ambitious and has a reputation for being extremely vindictive . " Bristol Palin said in the custody hearing that Johnston wanted a public case so he could "  continue to make a spectacle of this custody dispute for his own self-promotion . " Bristol Palin noted in the court case that Johnston 's mother , Sherry Johnston , pleaded guilty to a felony drug charge this year . Bristol Palin asked that the paternal grandmother be barred from having any unsupervised visitation with Tripp . Her petition said she "  may re-offend , keep medications around the house which could be accessible to the baby , have illegal drug users come to the house  or she could take the baby in her car during a drug sale  . " Johnston 's response said his mother 's "  chronic pain condition is currently being managed in coordination with the Department of Corrections . " On July 7 , Johnston publicly apologized to the Palin family in a statement to People Magazine , saying some of his comments about the family were not totally true . "  Last year , after Bristol and I broke up , I was unhappy and a little angry . Unfortunately , against my better judgment , I publicly said things about the Palins that were not completely true , " Johnston told People . "  I have already privately apologized to Todd and Sarah . Since my statements were public , I owe it to the Palins to publicly apologize . "	NEW : The Palin family issues a statement wishing the couple well Bristol Palin says she and the father of her child are engaged - again The couple reconciled 3 months ago during custody discussions , they tell Us Weekly magazine Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has not been told about their plans until now , the magazine says
CNN  -- The life of rugby player Joost van der Westhuizen is the stuff films are made of -- literally . The 43-year-old was part of the South Africa team which won rugby union 's World Cup on home soil in 1995 and received the trophy from the late president Nelson Mandela as the post-apartheid era dawned . The story of that victory was immortalized in acclaimed film "  Invictus " and now , as he battles a life-threatening illness , Van der Westhuizen is drawing inspiration from that Latin word which means undefeated ; unconquered . Van der Westhuizen was diagnosed with motor neurone disease , also known as ALS , in 2011 . The man that famously muscled New Zealand rugby giant Jonah Lomu to the turf in the closely-fought 1995 World Cup final now uses a wheelchair to get around . His body is too frail to walk because the debilitating disease effects all physical movement , including speech . And the light and shade between his former glories and his present battle with illness is not unsurprisingly proving frustrating . "  It is , " Van der Westhuizen told CNN 's South Africa correspondent Robyn Curnow in a television interview where Van der Westhuizen 's slurred speech has been subtitled . "  But then again , that 's how my life is . " The memories of his stellar career -- the Springbok jerseys and silverware -- line the walls of Van der Westhuizen 's home in South Africa . When he retired in 2003 , he was the country 's most capped player with a reputation as one of the most brilliant , and toughest , scrum halves in the history of the game . Francois Pienaar , who captained South Africa to success in 1995 , described Van der Westhuizen as "  a phenomenal athlete . " "  What Joost did on the rugby field was incredible , " Pienaar told CNN . "  He was probably the best number nine to play the game , and that 's saying something . " Tough and tenacious on the rugby field , Van der Westhuizen is having to apply those skills in his fight to stay alive and help find a cure for motor neurone disease . "  I am , " he assured CNN . "  Without a doubt . I am a self-confessed bad loser and I want to beat this not just for myself but for everyone with ALS around the world . " Van der Westhuizen has started a foundation called J9 to raise money and awareness of motor neurone disease . The foundation offers support and advice to patients and their families as they come to terms with a disease which has no clear cause . A J9 legends team -- boasting over 500 international caps between them -- was cheered on by Van der Westhuizen in the veterans ' tournament at November 's Dubai round of the HSBC Sevens World Series . He still travels around the world , often connecting with his old rugby rivals for fundraising events as well as making regular medical research trips to the United States . It is n't just Van der Westhuizen 's global mission which keeps him pressing on with his crusade . "  I am doing this to give my children a dad for longer , " he says . "  My daughter is eight , my son 10 . They need a dad . " It is for this reason that Van der Westhuizen has revealed that he has decided to be artificially ventilated when his lungs are no longer able to function on their own . It is a huge step for Van der Westhuizen given it 's not common practice in his native South Africa . "  I am going to live as long as possible -- to help find a cure , to give my kids a dad , " he said , confirming that he has made a decision about using an artificial ventilation machine , which will aid his breathing and help him stay alive "  There is nothing wrong with my brain or my heart . I am still alive . " Already a figure in one of South Africa 's most historic sporting events , Van der Westhuizen is determined to defy the odds and help make history a second time .	Joost van der Westhuizen is a former South Africa rugby player fighting motor neurone disease The scrum-half was part of the team which won the 1995 Rugby World Cup in South Africa The team 's achievements were immortalized in the film "  Invictus " He has set up his own foundation J9 to raise awareness of motor neurone disease
DALLAS  CNN  -- There was no impassioned plea to pass immigration reform . But the image was unmistakable . The sight of former President George W. Bush welcoming newly sworn-in citizens at a naturalization ceremony at his library and museum in Dallas on Wednesday offered a sharp contrast to the hardening opposition to immigration legislation in Washington . Senate passes sweeping immigration bill Speaking for only five minutes , Bush did weigh in on the immigration system he tried but failed to reform during his second term in office . "  The laws governing the immigration system are n't working . The system is broken , " Bush told the crowd . "  I do n't intend to get involved in the politics or the specifics of policy , but I do hope there is a positive resolution to the debate , " Bush said in a soft endorsement of reform efforts on Capitol Hill . "  I hope during the debate that we keep a benevolent spirit in mind . We understand the contributions immigrants make to our country . " Twenty new citizens from 12 different countries , including two members of the Armed Forces , were sworn in at the naturalization ceremony conducted along with officials from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services . "  It 's an honor to call you fellow Americans , " Bush told the newcomers . Following Bush 's remarks , each freshly sworn in citizen lined up to receive their naturalization certificate and a handshake from the former president . CNN Poll : Generational divide over immigration Among the newly naturalized at the George W. Bush Center in Dallas , Danny Diaz admitted he illegally crossed the U.S. - Mexico border in 1994 in a long journey from his native Guatemala . It took nearly a decade for Diaz to receive legal residency status and finally citizenship . "  It 's a long wait . It 's a hard wait , too , " he said . "  But if you work for it and you prove you know how to behave in this country , everything comes through . " Diaz called immigration reform "  a good thing . " "  There 's a lot of good people out there who do n't have papers , " he said . Lance Cpl. Antonio Miguel Villaceran , a U.S. Marine Corps Reserve , was unaware Bush would be in attendance . "  I love what George Bush is doing right now , " he said . Akshaya Bandaru , who immigrated to the U.S. from India , received a private meeting with Bush along with the other newcomers and their families . Bandaru said the former president was funny . "  I told him I was going into medical school and he said ' I hope it 's geriatrics , ' " Bandaru said . Bush pushes for progress on immigration The former president has stayed out of domestic politics since leaving the White House in January 2009 , and the timing of Bush 's speech and a meeting of House Republicans to discuss the issue appears to be a coincidence . Hannah Abney , spokeswoman for the Bush presidential center , told CNN that the Texas event had been planned for a couple of months . The former Republican president tried but failed to pass immigration reform during his second term in the White House , due in part to opposition from Republican members of Congress . House immigration plan includes border security trigger In an interview with ABC News last week while in Africa , Bush noted the importance of fixing a "  broken system " and he said immigration reform "  has a chance to pass . " "  It 's a very difficult bill to pass because there are a lot of moving parts and the legislative process can be ugly . But it looks like they are making some progress , " Bush told ABC . Asked if it will hurt the GOP if Republicans fail to pass the bill , Bush told ABC that "  the reason to pass immigration reform is not to bolster a Republican Party -- it 's to fix a system that 's broken . " Bush honors tradition , holds tongue on Obama The bill passed by the Senate late last month includes an eventual pathway to citizenship for many of the 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the United States . That provision is opposed by many House Republicans , who consider it "  amnesty . " Bush 's brother , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , last week urged the GOP-led House to pass the Senate 's comprehensive immigration reform package with a few additional requirements . Jeb Bush , who is considering a 2016 bid for the White House , made his comments in a opinion piece he co-wrote in the Wall Street Journal . Jeb Bush urges House to pass immigration reform The former president spoke about immigration reform at a conference last December . "  America is a nation of immigrants . Immigrants have helped build the country that we have become , and immigrants can help build a dynamic tomorrow , " he said . "  As our nation debates the proper course of action relating to immigration , I hope we do so with a benevolent spirit and keep in mind the contribution of immigrants , " he added . Bush quietly burnishes humanitarian legacy in Africa George W. Bush on AIDS , Snowden and legacy CNN 's Dana Davidsen and Ashley Killough contributed to this report	Bush made speech at a naturalization ceremony at his presidential library Former president 's speech comes same day House GOP discuss immigration reform In interview last week , Bush said bill should be passed because system is broken Bush tried and failed to get reform passed in his second term in office
CNN  -- One recent afternoon , Brianda Cabrera was helping her younger sister , Diana , with her math homework . Brianda , 23 , is not only the eldest of three siblings , but for the past nine years she has also been their parent . The Cabreras , including Brianda , Diana , 15 and Jose , 18 , are orphans . "  My parents are gone . For me , this is the only family I have left , " Brianda said from their home in Sandy Springs , Georgia . Their father , Rafael Cabrera , died 13 years ago in Mexico . Unable to find a job in her home country to support her children , their mother , Alejandra Medrano , decided to move the family to the United States , where she had a sister living in Atlanta . But Medrano was struck by a car and killed in February 2005 . She was 36 years old and Brianda was 14 . The children went to live at their aunt 's home , but the situation was less than ideal . "  It was chaotic , " Brianda says . "  They had four kids of their own and it was three of us . A couple supporting all those kids ... it was very stressful for them . " Brianda began taking odd jobs to support the family . As soon as she turned 18 , she decided to move out of her aunt 's house with her two siblings . She became a parent and breadwinner even though she was barely making enough money to pay for food , rent and school . "  She 's become a second mother and she took on responsibilities she did n't need to , to take care of us , " Diana says through tears . In addition to living alone and being barely able to survive on what Brianda made , the Cabreras also faced another challenge : they were undocumented . Under the law , the Cabreras fell into a category known as "  unaccompanied minors , " meaning undocumented immigrant children who have no parents or guardians in the United States . The number of unaccompanied minors in the country has tripled in the past five years , government statistics show . Last year , the U.S. Border Patrol took more than 24,481 into custody , compared with 8,041 in 2008 . The vast majority in 2012 came from Mexico  13,974  , but some came from places as far away as India  23  , China  16  and Romania  16  . Immigration attorney Jessica Daman says these statistics , compiled by the Border Patrol , may be only a fraction of the total . "  Obviously , that 's just the children who are apprehended crossing the border ; new arrivals in theory , so nationwide , who knows how many we have that were n't undetected , that crossed without detention ? " Daman , who works at Atlanta 's Latin American Association , took the case of the Cabreras to court . "  We asked that the children be found deprived , under state law , and that she  Brianda  be named their guardian . With that order the youngest two children were eligible to apply for special immigrant juvenile status and a green card . " But what happens to children of undocumented immigrants when their parents or legal guardians die or are somehow missing or unavailable to care for their children ? What happens to unaccompanied minors who enter the country illegally and get caught by immigration authorities ? The Customs and Border Protection agency , under the Department of Homeland Security , turns these children over to the custody of the Department of Health and Human Services within 48 hours of their detention . Through the Administration for Children and Families , DHHS cares for the children through a network of providers that offer foster care , group homes , shelters and residential treatment centers . The average stay in the system is 45 days and , according to DHHS , 88 % of children are released to relatives already living in the United States . For now , the Cabreras can stay together . Brianda is focusing on the younger siblings ' welfare and making sure they stay in school and take advantage of the opportunities this country offers . "  She 's going to school and I know she expects us to go to school and she 's made that possible by doing all these legal things , " Diana says . Brianda is majoring in accounting at Kennesaw State University and working at an accountant 's office to support her siblings . "  Family comes first , so that 's the way I was raised that before anything else you have to take care of your family , " she says . "  So I think that was the main thing . Now that my parents are gone I have to take care of my family because that 's the only thing I have left . " The fight is not over . Brianda 's fate depends on a bill for young immigrants known as "  the Dream Act . " But the legislation , officially known as Development , Relief , and Education for Alien Minors , has failed to pass multiple times in Congress . Brianda , however , says she wants to stay "  positive . " That 's the only hope she has of keeping the family together . And she 's embracing that hope .	Most undocumented immigrant children without parents in the U.S. came from Mexico The official statistics may represent just a fraction of the total number When apprehended , such children go into a network of caregivers
Washington  CNN  -- Authorities have arrested two Georgetown University students and another person in connection with a suspected drug lab found inside a dormitory Saturday morning , the Metropolitan Police Department said . The three males , each at least 18 , face charges of possession of drug paraphernalia , said Officer Hugh Carew , a spokesman for the police department . The third individual was a campus visitor . None was identified . Police said that shortly before 6 a.m. , they received a call about a foul odor at Georgetown 's Harbin Hall . Initially , police thought the lab was for producing meth but later said it was used to make Dimethyltryptamine , a hallucinogenic drug commonly known as DMT . DMT is classified as a Schedule 1 drug , meaning it has no accepted medical use for treatment of any kind in the United States . Federal trafficking of Schedule 1 drugs carries a maximum prison sentence of 20 years , said Rusty Payne , a Drug Enforcement Administration spokesman . DMT is a hallucinogenic that can be produced synthetically , but it also comes from a variety of plants and seeds found in South America , Payne said . The substance can be sniffed , smoked or injected , giving the user a short high sometimes referred to as a "  business man 's trip " because it lasts about an hour . In addition to the charges of drug paraphernalia possession , the men arrested could also potentially face federal drug trafficking charges if anything more serious is uncovered by the DEA 's investigation , Payne said . Harbin Hall was evacuated most of the day following the discovery of the suspected lab . Medical personnel evaluated seven people , including two security officers , at the scene , said fire department spokesman Pete Piringer No injuries were reported , and the DEA determined that the chemicals used in the suspected lab posed no health risk to students in the dorm . "  The DEA has informed us that there was never a health risk to students in Harbin , including those on the same floor , beyond those who lived in the room , " Todd Olson , vice president of student affairs , said in a statement to Georgetown students and faculty . "  Hazardous materials experts have now removed all potential contaminants . " Olson said : "  The use , production and distribution of illegal drugs are issues we take very seriously and are violations of the student code of conduct . MPD -LSB- Metropolitan Police Department -RSB- has arrested three individuals , two of whom are Georgetown undergraduates . They remain in police custody . " Both the DEA and university ask that anyone with information in connection with the incident contact the DEA Washington office , or Georgetown 's Department of Public Safety at 202-687-4343 . CNN 's Alison Harding contributed to this report .	Two Georgetown University students are among three people arrested Police say the lab was used to make DMT , a hallucinogenic drug No injuries were reported after a foul odor was reported at the dorm
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Hotel operator Wyndham Worldwide will improve its staff training and procedures after authorities cracked down on gang-led child prostitution rings in California hotels , a probe that drew media and activist attention to the chain , a hotel spokesman said Friday . Wyndham is expanding its years-long efforts to fight child sex trafficking by reviewing its operating practices in partnership with the nonprofit ECPAT-USA  Ending Child Prostitution and Trafficking  , said Michael Valentino , director of communications for Wyndham Worldwide . Southern California authorities recently completed an 18-month investigation into allegations that three rival Crips gangs collaborated to prostitute girls and women out of California hotels through Internet-arranged meetings . The investigation resulted in an April federal indictment of 38 people , including suspected gang members and the owners of a Wyndham-franchised Travelodge in Oceanside , authorities said . A CNN story in June prompted one activist to lead a 14,000-signature online petition drive on Change.org , an activist platform , demanding that Wyndham reform its business policies . "  As long as human trafficking and exploitation continue to be supported by those profiting from this tragic practice , we believe no member of the travel and tourism industry can ever guarantee these events will not occur in the future , " Valentino told CNN in an e-mail Friday . "  However , our shared commitment and partnership with organizations like the Polaris Project and ECPAT help play a critical role in increasing awareness and prevention , " he said . The Polaris Project is a non-profit , non-governmental group combating human trafficking , and Wyndham has given hotel accommodations through the group to victims of human trafficking , Valentino said . One of the world 's largest hospitality firms , with 7,380 franchised hotels and vacation ownership resorts , Parsippany , New Jersey-based Wyndham has also become a member of the Code for the Protection of Children in Travel and Tourism , an industry initiative combating child sex abuse that 's funded by UNICEF , Valentino said . "  We have also had human rights policies and training at our company for several years , and have been actively collaborating with ECPAT in reviewing and enhancing our training , policies , and procedures to best adhere to the intention and spirit of the code , " Valentino said . On Thursday , Change.org posted on its website the headline "  Victory ! Wyndham Signs Code of Conduct to Prevent Child Sex Trafficking " and recounted the online petition drive San Diego native Tim Rosner launched after reading the CNN article , which dealt with a child sex trafficking ring at a Wyndham property in his hometown . "  I 'm thrilled to see Wyndham take this proactive step to fight child sex trafficking , " Rosner told Change.org . The petition asked Wyndham to join the child-protection code initiative and to commit to its six criteria for preventing child sex trafficking and child sex tourism at their hotels . Valentino added that "  it 's important to note that in recent years , Wyndham Worldwide has worked with ECPAT , Polaris Project , and other organizations in our shared commitment to the safety of all children . " CNN 's Traci Tamura and Thelma Gutierrez contributed to this report .	Wyndham Worldwide says it is expanding a years-long effort It is working with groups that fight child prostitution and trafficking The effort follows a police investigation and an Internet petition
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Explosions tore through two luxury hotels Friday morning in south Jakarta , Indonesia , killing at least eight people , a presidential spokesman said . Counter-terrorist police commandos secure the damaged Ritz-Carlton hotel in Jakarta on Friday after the blasts . The number of injured was in the 40s , said Dino Patti Djalal , spokesman for President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono . They were taken to area hospitals . Hours later , local television reported a car bombing in north Jakarta , but that report was immediately contradicted by various other media sources . Police sealed off the area around both hotel blasts , one in the Ritz-Carlton Hotel and the other at the J.W. Marriott Hotel , about 50 meters away . Djalal said the attacks were coordinated . Forensics experts are collecting evidence at the "  disturbing scene , " Djalal said . He said he had few details about the blasts , which occurred about 7:45 a.m.  8:45 p.m. Thursday ET  on Friday , Islam 's holy day . "  What I can say is one of the most damaged areas that we looked at , where the bodies were , was a lounge area in the Marriott near the lobby , " he said . "  That seems to be the epicenter of the bomb . " "  This is a blow to us , but I do n't have any doubts that we will be able to uncover and find out the perpetrators , " Djalal said . Police said the bomb at the Marriott likely came from the basement beneath the coffee shop on the ground floor , which would have been busy at breakfast time . In a Twitter post four hours after the blast , Marriott said : "  Police responded immediately , sealed off the area . Guests @ both hotels have been evacuated & have been moved to a secure location . " At the Ritz , windows were blown out on the second floor , as though the blast occurred from inside a hotel restaurant that would also have been crowded with a breakfast crowd , said witness Greg Woolstencroft . Another witness counted four foreigners among the wounded , according to state-run Antara New Agency . The Ritz-Carlton Hotel was to have accommodated soccer players from Britain 's Manchester United , who were expected to arrive in Jakarta on Sunday . Watch a report on suspects behind the blasts " U.S. Embassy Press Attache Paul Belmont told CNN no U.S. casualties have been confirmed and that the embassy was monitoring the situation closely . The death toll may be higher than reported , said CNN contributor Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director of international operations . He said two U.S. businessmen were treated for minor injuries . "  There was a boom and the building shook , and then subsequently two more , " said hotel guest Don Hammer , who was leaving his room in the Marriott when the blast occurred . "  The shocking part was entering the lobby , where the glass at the front of the hotel was all blown out and blood was spattered across the floor , but most people were leaving calmly . " Woolstencroft had just walked past the hotels and had gone to his nearby apartment when he heard an explosion . "  I looked out my window and I saw a huge cloud of brownish smoke go up , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I grabbed my iPhone to go downstairs ... and then the second bomb went off at the Ritz-Carlton , so I then ran around to the Ritz-Carlton and I was able to find that there had been a massive bomb that went off in this ... restaurant area and the explosion had blown out both sides of the hotel . "  I found inside the body of what appears to be a suicide bomber , it looked like someone who had been a suicide bomber or someone who had been very , very close to the explosion . Watch an eyewitness report of the blasts " "  I also noticed that there were a number of injured people being taken off to hospital , but I only noticed one dead person at this point and time , that 's all I saw . There has been extensive damage to both buildings , and at this point and time of course all the authorities are blocking up all the area and starting an investigation . " He added , "  It 's obviously targeted establishments where there are Westerners and expats ... I can only assume it 's something to try and send a message . " The television executive said he had lived at the Ritz for a year before moving to his nearby apartment and had been impressed by the facility 's security . "  I just do n't know how someone could get in there with a bomb , given the level of security and screening that people have to go through , " he said , citing armed guards at checkpoints and thorough searches of people , bags and vehicles . The Marriott was the site of a terrorist attack in August 2003 that killed 12 people . In that attack , an explosives-laden vehicle pulled into the motor lobby of the Marriott and exploded at the height of the lunch hour . Friday 's attack "  was not nearly as bad , " said John Aglionby , a reporter for the Financial Times who was at the site of both blasts . Former CNN producer John Towriss , who has spent many years in Jakarta , said the Marriott and Ritz often share employees and an underground passageway connects the two buildings that sit across the road from each other . Towriss said the Marriott has beefed up security since the 2003 attacks , making it impossible for people to drive up to the hotel in cars . Both hotels set up metal detectors and thick concrete barriers to prevent car bombers . "  I always thought I was safer at the Marriott because I thought it had already been bombed once , " Towriss said . "  I thought that another hotel would be targeted . " CNN 's Andy Saputra in Jakarta and Miranda Leitsinger in Hong Kong . contributed to this story .	NEW : Death toll rises to eight , a presidential spokesman says Explosions hit Ritz-Carlton and J.W. Marriott hotels in Jakarta At the Ritz , second floor windows blown out , as though blast occurred from within The Marriott was the site of a terrorist attack in August 2003 that killed 12 people
Bucharest , Romania  CNN  -- Romania 's leftist government began impeachment proceedings Wednesday to suspend President Traian Basescu . In a motion filed in parliament , the ruling coalition accused the president of violating the country 's constitution and overstepping his authority . The motion is the latest in a series of attacks over the past month between Basescu and Prime Minister Victor Ponta . A vote on the motion scheduled for Friday is expected to pass , given that the coalition holds a comfortable majority in parliament . If this were to happen , Basescu would be suspended for a month and the country would hold a referendum within 30 days on whether he should remain in office . During the president 's suspension , National Liberal Party leader Crin Antonescu , who is also the newly appointed president of the Senate , would assume the interim presidency . The ruling alliance of Social Democrats and Liberals this week passed a law making it easier for the coalition to impeach Basescu . In addition , Ponta accused some Constitutional Court judges of political bias and incompatibility and suggested that they be replaced . The court , in turn , said Ponta was trying to dismantle it and threaten its independence . EU Commissioner for Justice Viviane Reding said on Twitter that she was "  seriously concerned about the recent attacks on the independence of the Constitutional Court of Romania . " On Tuesday , the ruling coalition sacked the heads of both chambers of parliament , who were Basescu allies , and replaced them with politicians close to Ponta . Also Tuesday , the coalition dismissed the country 's ombudsman , whom it accused of political bias . The newly appointed ombudsman , Valer Dorneanu , is a former Social Democrat member of parliament . Basescu told reporters Tuesday that the country 's current situation can be compared with riots that occurred in June 1990 by miners who staged violent demonstrations in the streets of Bucharest with the goal of bringing about political change . "  I warn the politicians that by breaking the country 's laws and constitution , the country and its 22 million people are put in an extremely difficult situation , " Basescu said . The impeachment motion is to be read Thursday during a special meeting of parliament . Coalition leader Antonescu has invited Basescu to address parliament directly on the matter . The political developments have raised concern from some observers about the state of democracy in Romania . U.S. Ambassador to Bucharest Mark Gitenstein said he was "  deeply concerned " that the independence of the country 's democratic institutions was under threat . Romania 's government became the object of international criticism after Ponta was accused of plagiarizing his doctoral thesis . Ponta dismissed the accusation as a political attack from Basescu . The two men also argued over who was entitled to represent Romania at last month 's meeting of the European Council in Brussels . Ponta received Parliament 's vote to go to Brussels on behalf of the country , but the Constitutional Court ruled that president Basescu had the right to attend the event . In the end , the prime minister ignored the court 's ruling and traveled to Brussels . The coalition government has come under criticism recently for ordering that Romania 's Cultural Institute report not to the president , as it had been doing , but to the Senate . The institute is known for promoting Romania 's cultural values and projects abroad as well as for supporting its artists , writers and cultural movements . The country 's civil society and anti-corruption agencies addressed on Wednesday a letter to the president of the European Commission , Jose Manuel Barroso , expressing concern over this "  unprecedented attack " on the rule of law . On Wednesday evening , some 300 people protested in front of the Government and at University Square in Bucharest . While some called for Basescu and Ponta to step down , others expressed concern over the threats to the country 's democratic institutions . Ponta recently acknowledged that Romania is going through a credibility crisis at an international level but predicted the turmoil would end after this fall 's parliamentary elections .	Leftist government files a motion with parliament to suspend the president The motion marks the latest in a series of attacks between Basescu and Prime Minister Ponta The vote , scheduled for Friday , is expected to pass
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A high-pitched device used to combat anti-social behavior among young people has been called "  unfair " by children 's campaigners in England . "  The Mosquito " has been used to combat anti-social behavior among young people across England The Children 's Commissioner for England , who oversees children 's rights , has called for a ban on the ultra-sonic gadget , known as "  The Mosquito , " which disperses young people by emitting sharp , piercing sounds . The device causes discomfort to younger ears by exploiting their ability to hear very high frequencies -- a power which declines once they reach their 20s . But human rights groups say the machine infringes civil rights and creates a divide between young and old . Launching the "  Buzz Off " campaign , England 's Children 's Commissioner Al Aynsley-Green said : "  I have spoken to many children and young people from all over England who have been deeply affected by ultra-sonic teenage deterrents . " Aynsley-Green said about 3,500 of the devices are in use across England to split up gatherings of youth in areas such as parks and shops . "  These devices are indiscriminate and target all children and young people , including babies , regardless of whether they are behaving or misbehaving , " he added . Youth leaders backed the campaign , adding that The Mosquito fails to address the root problems of anti-social behavior among youths -- and may even push teenagers to congregate in unsafe areas . "  Police , local authorities , and business instead should work collectively with young people and their communities to address the underlying causes of anti-social behavior in areas that cause concern , " said Fiona Blacke , chief executive of the National Youth Agency , a government-funded group that works with young people on social development . The Mosquito was invented by Howard Stapleton , from Merthyr Tydfil , south Wales , and is manufactured by Compound Security Systems . The company describes The Mosquito as an "  ultrasonic teenage deterrent " and "  the most effective tool in our fight against anti social behavior . " It says the device has a range of 15 to 20 meters and teenagers are "  acutely aware of The Mosquito and usually move away from an area within an average of 8 to 10 minutes . " The company says The Mosquito has proved popular with shop keepers who buy it to move along gatherings of teenagers and anti-social youths . It could not be contacted for a response to criticism of the deterrent . Railway companies have also placed the device to discourage youths from spraying graffiti on trains and station walls , Compound Security said . The controversial gadget was first used by shopkeeper Robert Gough , from South Wales . He told The Times newspaper : "  Either someone has come along and wiped them off the face of the earth , or it 's working . " However , Shami Chakrabarti , director of the human rights group Liberty , said : "  What type of society uses a low-level sonic weapon on its children ? Imagine the outcry if a device was introduced that caused blanket discomfort to people of one race or gender , rather than to our kids . "  The Mosquito has no place in a country that values its children and seeks to instill them with dignity and respect . " E-mail to a friend	Campaigners want to ban ultra-sonic device used against young people "  The Mosquito " emits sharp sounds that can only be heard by under 20s About 3,500 of the devices are used in England to disperse young people Human rights groups say they create divide between young and old
CNN  -- A North Korean official has questioned South Korea 's credibility for its rhetoric and actions over the sinking of a South Korean warship in March , state-run media in North Korea reported Saturday . Maj. Gen. Pak Rim Su lashed out against the South for saying the North Koreans sank the Cheonan warship , a claim fiercely denied by his communist government . He said the evidence produced by South Korea to make its claim has been fabricated . He said South Korea has aggravated what has become a grave situation , and he warned that any accidental confrontation between the countries would result in war , according to an article in the state-run Korean Central News Agency . He cited North Korea 's "  nuclear deterrent " to deal with such situations . Pak spoke at a rare press conference from the country on Friday . He addressed Korean and foreign reporters and representatives of military attaches at foreign embassies and international organizations , the North Korean news agency reported . China , Japan and South Korea plan to discuss the warship 's sinking this weekend . Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has that his country will not defend whoever is responsible for sinking the South Korean warship . He also said that China is not ready to accept South Korea 's conclusion that the North is to blame . China meets with South Korea South Korea says a North Korean mini-sub fired torpedoes at the Cheonan South Korean Navy ship , killing 46 people . Pak says South Korea cooked up the claim , and he called their investigations a farce . He said that the involvement of the United States shows that the probe could n't be objective . Why are the two Koreas so hostile ? Pak said people who disagreed with the investigators ' assertions were expelled from the investigation team . He said the changes in investigation results as the case moved forward cast suspicion on the review , according to the state-run news agency 's account . For example , the North Koreans say , the warship captain said at first there was n't outside provocation but later said there was . And they say the military said at first there were no grounds to say it was an attack by the North but later changed that viewpoint . The North Koreans say the South is attempting to undermine efforts to promote reconciliation and North Korea 's progress . They argue that the claim has served to rally conservative forces in South Korea and help them politically in upcoming elections .	North Korea denies claim it torpedoed warship Pyongyang says South Korea fabricated evidence China , Japan , South Korea address crisis at meeting
CNN  -- The owner of three pit bulls that killed a 2-year-old boy Thursday has been charged in connection with the child 's death , authorities in California said . Steven Hayashi , 52 , was arrested on charges of child endangerment and possessing a mischievous animal that causes death or great bodily injury , the Concord Police Department said in a statement . He is being held on $ 120,000 bail . The dogs mauled the boy after he walked into the garage where they were being kept , police said . Authorities said the toddler was the suspect 's step-grandchild . Two adult relatives and a young sibling were also home at the time of the attack , which police said occurred just after 8:45 a.m. Thursday  11:45 a.m. ET  . The boy was taken to a local hospital , where he was pronounced dead . Police said they were still investigating the incident .	Police say three dogs mauled the 2-year-old Authorities say the victim was the dog owner 's step-grandchild Hayashi is accused of child endangerment and possessing a mischievous animal
CNN  -- Last Thursday was back-to-school night in many of the communities that dot the peninsula below San Francisco , California . Off-duty firefighters and police officers who went to schools with their children and families soon learned something horrible had happened in a San Bruno residential neighborhood . Speculation ran from an airplane crash , to an earthquake , to terrorism . It was only later that they learned that is was a gas transmission line explosion . South San Francisco firefighter Anthony Ottoboni was at his son 's baseball practice when he got the news . "  My wife looked right at me and said , ` Go . ' " Capt. Bill Forester of the San Bruno Fire Department was on duty . "  We looked out the back door and saw a fireball , " he said . John Priolo , also with the fire department , recalls rushing to work and seeing the "  walking wounded " arrive at the station . Tuesday , first-responders gathered near the fire site to talk about the heroics of others , including citizens , last week . They spoke of the strong fraternity of the 400 firefighters , paramedics and police officers who thronged to the neighborhood . They mentioned how their training prepared them , but there are some things training ca n't foresee . "  Somebody said it was like they took a Saturn V rocket and tipped it upside down at the blastoff , " said Forester . The high-pitched roar of gas sounded like a jet engine , he added . Chaos greeted them as they moved into the area . Many people were running away . Bystanders were taking photos . Always , there was the wall of fire and oppressive heat . "  I realized immediately how overwhelmed we were going to be , " said Sgt. Mike Guldner of the San Bruno Police Department . Guldner and some civilians helped a seriously injured man . "  Thank God to the people and citizens of San Bruno who stepped up to provide assistance to me , " Guldner said . Firefighters quickly learned the water mains had been taken out by the explosion . "  It 's a sinking feel to say the least because you count on that water being there , " said Forester . "  If there was ever a time you need it , it was there . " But firefighters improvised , stretching lines from another water grid . The responders , many of whom knew people who lived in the Crestmoor Canyon neighborhood , went to smoke-filled homes , making sure people got out . They were assisted by several residents . "  We got as close to the flame as we possibly can without getting ourselves burned , " said Officer Ken Chetcuti of the South San Francisco Police . Lt. Ron Carlino of the South Francisco Police Department recalled the dazed homeowners who grabbed a few belongings . "  Some people wanted to grab just anything , " he said . "  They felt like they could n't leave empty-handed . " Four people died in the fire and three are still missing , officials said Tuesday . Thirty-seven homes were destroyed . Homeowners have since returned to Crestmoor Canyon and are trying to patch their lives back together . But the people of San Bruno have changed , according to local police officer Scott Rogge . "  We had everyday people running into houses , helping us , " he said . Since then , the community has received and given donations , opened a shelter , provided food , clothing and more . "  People that normally you see maybe wave -- they are exchanging emails , phone numbers , hugs and tears , " Rogge said . "  Those are the true heroes , the people of the community ... We do this every day . We 've chosen to do this . But those people stepped up . "	Residents assisted firefighters and police officers in San Bruno Firefighters recall sinking feeling when they realized there was no water Some residents grabbed a few belongings before fleeing Community came together following tragedy
The kidnapped father of Chelsea footballer John Obi Mikel has been released alive by his captors in the Nigerian city of Kano . Michael Obi went missing from Jos -- the main city in Plateau State in central Nigeria -- on August 12 and had not been seen or heard of since . Mikel was informed of the kidnap just hours before Chelsea 's opening game of the English Premier League season at Stoke but decided to play . He also played the full 90 minutes in Saturday 's 2-1 victory over West Brom . A statement released by Mikel 's management company , Sport Entertainment & Media Group , confirmed the news . "  SEM are delighted to confirm , that earlier today Michael Obi called his family to advise them that he had been released by his abductors . "  SEM have waited until now to release this information , to ensure that Michael was safe . "  John Obi Mikel would like to thank everyone in Nigeria , his family & friends , Chelsea FC & their fans & his agents for their total support during this terrible time . "  A full statement of the situation will be released by SEM tomorrow  Tuesday  morning . " According to AFP , five men have been arrested in connection with Michael 's kidnapping . They quoted Michael explaining his abduction : "  I was taken right deep into the bush , in an isolated area in Jos  in central Nigeria  . I started begging them , yet they beat me mercilessly , kicking me with their boots . "  There are five of them and they were dressed in military uniforms . They pushed me into a vehicle painted in military colors and began to drive very fast . I never knew a vehicle can fly like that . " Chelsea released their own statement on Monday , that read : "  All at Chelsea Football Club are delighted that John Mikel Obi 's father , Michael , has been found safe in Nigeria . "  Mikel has shown outstanding commitment and professionalism during this most difficult of times , and the club will continue to offer its full support to him and his family . "	Kidnapped father of Chelsea footballer John Obi Mikel has been released alive Michael Obi was taken hostage in city of Jos on August 12 Mikel has played in both of Chelsea 's Premier League games this season Mikel 's management company and Chelsea both confirm the news
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- AirTran Airways apologized Friday to members of a Muslim family for kicking them off a plane and refusing to rebook them despite requests from FBI agents who had cleared them of wrongdoing . Kashif Irfan , left , and his brother Atif Irfan were among family members removed from the flight Thursday . The families of Atif Irfan , a tax attorney , and his brother Kashif Irfan , an anesthesiologist , were removed from a flight in Washington before takeoff Thursday after a passenger reported hearing Atif Irfan 's wife say something suspicious . The FBI interviewed the family and cleared them of wrongdoing . "  We regret that the issue escalated to the heightened security level it did , " AirTran said in a statement Friday afternoon . "  But we trust everyone understands that the security and the safety of our passengers is paramount . " Read the full statement The airline said it had refunded the family 's money and offered to fly the family home to Washington free . One family member , Kashif Irfan , said Friday he was "  very appreciative and surprised " by AirTran 's apology . "  It 's a very generous gesture , " he said . The statement was an abrupt about-face for the airline , which three hours earlier had issued a press release with an unapologetic description of the incident . In that statement , the airline said it did not re-book the family only because the security concern had not been resolved , and because one member of the group "  became irate and made inappropriate comments . " That account differed from accounts from the family and the FBI . The FBI said agents interviewed the family , resolved the security concerns and then tried to help re-schedule the flight with the airline . The FBI ultimately helped the family book a flight on US Airways . Watch how Muslims find climate of fear at airport " The dispute occurred about 1 p.m. Thursday as Atif Irfan and his brother Kashif Irfan boarded AirTran flight 175 at Reagan National Airport near Washington for a trip to Orlando , Florida . They were accompanied by their wives , a sister and three children . Federal officials say a passenger on the plane notified a flight attendant about a suspicious conversation , and the flight attendant notified the pilot and Federal air marshals who were aboard . The pilot asked the air marshals to remove the passengers , said Transportation Security Administration spokesman Christopher White . "  The conversation , as we were walking through the plane trying to find our seats , was just about where the safest place in an airplane is , " said Inayet Sahin , Kashif Irfan 's wife . "  We were -LSB- discussing whether it was safest to sit near -RSB- the wing , or the engine or the back or the front . But that 's it . We did n't say anything else that would raise any suspicion . " The conversation did not contain the words "  bomb , " "  explosion , " "  terror " or other words that might have aroused suspicion , Atif Irfan said . "  When we were talking , when we turned around , I noticed a couple of girls kind of snapped their heads , " said Sobia Ijaz , Atif Irfan 's wife . "  I kind of thought to myself , ` Oh , you know , maybe they 're going to say something . ' It did n't occur to me that they were going to make it such a big issue . " Authorities first removed Atif Irfan and Sobia Ijaz , then returned for the rest of the family , including three small children . They also removed a family friend , Abdul Aziz , a Library of Congress attorney who was coincidentally taking the same flight and had been seen talking with the family . After the FBI interviewed family members , the agency released them , Irfan said . "  The FBI agents actually cleared our names , " said Sahin . "  They went on our behalf and spoke to the airlines and said , ` There is no suspicious activity here . They are clear . Please let them get on a flight so they can go on their vacation , ' and they still refused . " Watch Muslims recount how they were kicked off plane " In statements Thursday night and Friday morning , AirTran said it "  complied with all TSA , law enforcement and Homeland Security directives and had no discretion in the matter . " But TSA spokesman White said it was the pilot 's decision to remove the family and the airline and pilot had the ultimate authority to decide whether to allow the family back on AirTran flights . An FBI spokesman confirmed Friday that agents intervened on behalf of the family with AirTran . When AirTran declined to book the family , agents helped them get tickets with US Airways , FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said . "  Our agents went way out of their way to make sure this family went on their trip , " Kolko said . iReport.com : Share your story After the family and friend were taken for questioning , the remaining 95 passengers , the crew and baggage were removed from the plane and rescreened , AirTran said . Family members said Friday they had not decided whether to accept AirTran 's apology , saying there were a variety of opinions . Meanwhile , an Islamic group -- the Council on Islamic American Relations , or CAIR -- filed a complaint with the U.S. Department of Transportation , which oversees airlines . "  We believe this disturbing incident would never have occurred had the Muslim passengers removed from the plane not been perceived by other travelers and airline personnel as members of the Islamic faith , " CAIR said in its complaint .	NEW : Airline says it refunded family 's money , offered them free flight home NEW : Family member says he is "  appreciative " of "  generous gesture " On flight , passenger overheard comment from Muslim , reported it to attendant FBI interviewed family and cleared them of wrongdoing
CNN  -- A 6-foot-long boa constrictor named Rocky stole the show Friday during a rehearsal for Nicki Minaj 's performance of "  Anaconda " at the MTV Video Music Awards when he bit a backup dancer in the arm , according to a statement from MTV . The female dancer , who was not identified by Viacom representatives , was treated immediately on the spot by a medic at The Forum in Los Angeles and later sent to a local hospital for treatment , Chris Velvin , director of production safety for Viacom Media , told CNN . Her injuries were not life-threatening . Minaj was on stage for the rehearsal but was not involved in the incident , according to the statement on the MTV website . She remarked , "  Did she get bit by the snake ? " Boa constrictors are not venomous , and Velvin said this snake had never attacked anyone before . "  He 's a professional entertainment snake , " Velvin said . "  He 's been doing this for 15 years . " The snake 's owner , Hollywood Animals , did not return calls asking for comment . The snake was draped around the dancer 's shoulders when it bit her on the inside of her left arm , according to the statement . It 's unknown what provoked the snake , Velvin said , but the rehearsal had been going normally and the injured dancer had practiced with the snake in the past . Sunday 's live performance of "  Anaconda , " a raunchy remix of Sir Mix-a-Lot 's "  Baby Got Back , " will still include a snake , but it will not be Rocky , Velvin said . Beyonce releases surprise ` Flawless ' remix featuring Nicki Minaj	Unidentified dancer was sent to hospital after being bitten in arm during rehearsal of hit song The bite was from a boa constrictor , which is not venomous Attack occurred at The Forum in Los Angeles during a rehearsal for MTV Video Music Awards
CNN  -- When preparing to propose marriage , create a moment that 's right for her and that accurately reflects -- in a beautiful , emotional and thoughtful way -- what 's special about you . If you 're a great couple , those two things wo n't conflict . She loves you , so she 'll love you expressing who you are in a moment that 's totally focused on her . One of the biggest mistakes people make is thinking that there should be a crowd of strangers as onlookers . For some women , that 's just right . But for most , it is n't . It 's fine for women to drop hints to their boyfriends about the general kind of proposal they would want , i.e. , how public or not . Do not dictate the specifics , and remember it 's not just about you ; it 's about him expressing himself in a beautiful , fragile moment of bravery and humility that 's all about love . Celebrate him as much as he 's celebrating you . Setting the scene Sometimes the most magical moment you can create is in a space that you have all to yourselves . I tricked my wife into ending up with me alone on the stage of the Fox Theatre in Atlanta , when it was dark . The spotlight came on , our song played through the room . Magic . Why I proposed marriage in public I got another couple into a major league baseball park when it was empty . She thought they were on a private tour for just a few members of her family . When they reached the pitcher 's mound , her boyfriend went down on one knee , as their song echoed throughout the stadium and a video about them played on the JumboTron . Then the sprinklers came on , getting them just a little wet . No big crowd . Beautiful . Captured on video . Booyah ! Who got it right ? Of the recent sprinkling of public marriage proposals making the rounds , the "  lip dub " video speaks to my point . Clearly it thrilled the bride-to-be and was an expression of the future groom 's personality . No big crowd of strangers , just , presumably , people they would both want to be there . It 's clever , original , positive , adorable . They 're not pretending to be all professional and perfect . I 'm not worried about something going wrong in a plan like that , because it would n't have mattered . It was n't about a perfect show -- it was about joy and a celebration of love . The problem is that guys see videos like this and feel pressured to do something that 's public or viral , and they lose track of the point . Does it have to be public ? Your proposal is not a performance ! It 's not about proving to the world how cool you are . And its value does not lie in how many people witness it , watch it later or hear about it . Its value lies entirely in how special it is to the two of you , and the kind of story it gives you both to share and celebrate for the rest of your lives . What 's with public marriage proposals ? That 's the potential problem with the proliferation of public proposal events , with men trying to outdo each other and create YouTube moments . If you enter that game , you lose the point . There 's a high that comes from a magic proposal . And no matter how many people see it , only the two of you get that "  high . " If you 're going for magic in that moment , that 's the central feeling you want to achieve -- not the ego boost of strangers praising you . Close the deal Another important note on proposals : Stick the landing ! I ca n't tell you how many guys plan for the buildup and the question , but then ooze awkwardness and have no clue what to do after she says yes ! Especially when there 's a crowd of people there and the applause is over . Have a plan for what you 're going to do at the very end of the magic proposal event . For some couples , the simpler the better . How did CNN 's Josh Levs become a proposal expert ? Watch his TEDx talk to find out ! Would you propose in public or want your partner to do so ? Share your take in the comments section below .	Josh Levs says a marriage proposal should reflect the personality of the couple A public proposal should be well-thought-out and not for the benefit of observers Public or private , a proposal should be an expression of love and commitment Your proposal is not a performance , but you should be confident enough to seal the deal
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A judge has declared a mistrial in the retrial of six men accused of plotting terrorist acts with al Qaeda . Narseal Batiste , the group 's alleged ringleader , testified he was n't serious about the terrorism threats he made . The decision comes after 13 days of deliberation and marks the second time government prosecutors have failed to convince a jury that the six defendants were guilty of terror-related charges . It is unclear whether the government will pursue a third trial against the defendants . The first trial ended in a mistrial last December after nine days of deliberations left a jury hopelessly deadlocked on the six defendants . A seventh was acquitted . The defendants are known as the "  Liberty City 7 " because authorities say the men operated out of a warehouse in Miami 's Liberty City housing project . After their arrests in June 2006 , federal officials said the homegrown terror plot may have included as its possible targets the 110-story Sears Tower in Chicago -- the tallest building in North America -- as well as the FBI 's Miami offices and other sites . E-mail to a friend CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Judge declares mistrial in the retrial of Miami terrorism case Men accused of plotting to target Chicago 's Sears Tower and bomb FBI offices Defendants faced up to 70 years in prison if convicted of conspiracy charges First trial ended in a mistrial in December , also because of a hung jury
The George Zimmerman investigation was hijacked "  in a number of ways " by outside forces , said the former police chief of Sanford , Florida . Bill Lee , who testified Monday in Zimmerman 's second-degree murder trial , told CNN 's George Howell in an exclusive interview that he felt pressure from city officials to arrest Zimmerman to placate the public rather than as a matter of justice . "  It was  relayed  to me that they just wanted an arrest . They did n't care if it got dismissed later , " he said . "  You do n't do that . " When Sanford police arrived on the scene on February 26 , 2012 , after Zimmerman fatally shot unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , they conducted a "  sound " investigation , and the evidence provided no probable cause to arrest Zimmerman at the scene , he said . It had nothing to do with Florida 's controversial "  Stand Your Ground " law , he said ; from an investigative standpoint , it was purely a matter of self-defense . Zimmerman told police he killed Martin after the teen attacked him . While the evidence at the time corroborated that claim , the ex-chief said , Lee 's lead investigator made a recommendation that Zimmerman be charged with manslaughter . Justice Dept. ` peacekeepers ' worked ` Trayvon ' rallies , group claims It was a matter of protocol , Lee said . Arresting Zimmerman based on the evidence at hand would have been a violation of Zimmerman 's Fourth Amendment rights , he said . Thus , the Sanford police presented a "  capias request " to the state 's attorney , asking that the prosecutor determine whether it was a "  justifiable homicide , " issue a warrant for arrest or present the case to a grand jury . "  The police department needed to do a job , and there was some influence -- outside influence and inside influence -- that forced a change in the course of the normal criminal justice process , " Lee said . "  With all the influence and the protests and petitions for an arrest , you still have to uphold your oath . " "  That investigation was taken away from us . We were n't able to complete it , " he said . One example involved the 911 tapes , in which neighbors implored dispatchers to send police as a voice in the background screamed for help . The Sanford police intended to release the tapes once the probe was over , Lee said , because you ca n't publicize evidence amid an investigation . Instead , the mayor told him on March 16 the tapes had been released to Martin 's family and the public . The family was asked to help identify voices , Lee said , but if police were in charge of the investigation , they would n't have presented evidence to a group . "  It should be done individually so there 's no influence on the other people in the room , " he said . "  Then , there 's no questions that can be brought up about how  an identification  was obtained or whether it was influenced . " Releasing the evidence to the public was problematic , as well , because it created the potential for someone to concoct a "  story about what they observed when they really did n't observe it , " he said . Martin family attorney Jasmine Rand said she does n't believe playing the tapes to a room full of people "  makes any difference to the outcome of the case . " "  We have to remember that that was played for the family in a private room because they were hearing the last moments of their son 's life as he cried for help , " Rand told CNN 's Erin Burnett on Wednesday night . "  And I think Sybrina Fulton  Martin 's mother  got up and walked out of that room . She did n't sit in there and talk to everybody , because she had a visceral reaction when she heard her son yell for help and she could n't help him because she knew he was dead . " Lee was placed on paid leave March 22 , 2012 , after the Sanford City Commission expressed a lack of confidence in him . The same commission rejected his resignation in a 3-2 vote a month later , with dissenting commissioners questioning the fairness of Lee 's losing his job . Two months later , Lee was sacked . City Manager Norton Bonaparte said in a news release , "  The police chief needs to have the trust and respect of the elected officials and the confidence of the entire community . " Lee believes lack of confidence did play a role in his dismissal , he told CNN , but he also believes Bonaparte faced political pressure and terminated him "  without cause , " which was permitted under his employment contract . "  I upheld my oath , " Lee said . "  I 'm happy that at the end of the day I can walk away with my integrity . " Asked whether he would do things differently given the opportunity , the 30-year veteran of law enforcement said there always are things he could change in hindsight , but he stands by the investigation . At every turn in the 40-minute interview with CNN 's Howell , Lee doggedly defended his investigators , saying race never played a role in any decision and that his officers "  conducted an unbiased review . " Investigators knew letting Zimmerman walk free for 46 days was an unpopular decision -- and they took abuse for it -- "  but they performed professionally . That 's the mark of a strong police department . " Lee took issue with the media casting his department as apathetic or lackadaisical in the case . "  A lot of the information that was given out as fact was misinformation , " he said . "  It was reported in some media that we did n't conduct an investigation for two weeks , but yet in that same media they would show a photograph of a crime scene with crime scene tape , with patrol cars and blue lights and investigators on the scene . " Lee shrugged off the notion that he was hired to clean up racism and other problems in the department . His goal upon becoming chief was to improve professionalism and trust , and he set several goals , all of which were met during his 10-month tenure , he said . One of his greatest regrets , he said , is that the Zimmerman investigation ultimately shattered his childhood dream to be police chief of the community where he was raised . "  It 's a dream of a vision that is going to be unrealized , " he said . "  I 'm at peace with it on most days . I 'm a man of faith . But it stings .	Martin family attorney disputes ex-police chief 's rationale for his firing Bill Lee says he refused to arrest George Zimmerman just to placate public Lee : Department did n't release 911 tapes because they could have hampered probe Lee defends "  sound " investigation and says race never played a role in probe
CNN  -- Some in the pro-immigrant left are confused . They ca n't make up their minds about U.S. citizenship . Is it a necessity or a luxury ? Is it vitally important to living a full life or something one can live without ? Should it be respected and treasured or rejected and trivialized ? Do n't expect California to be of much help in sorting this out . In making public policy , especially on the tough issues , my home state can often be emotional , egotistical and erratic . Just last week , the state Assembly approved AB 1401 , a bill that would allow noncitizens to serve on juries if they are in the country legally . The vote , 45 to 26 , was n't even close . All the "  yes " votes came from Democrats . No surprise there . Getting noncitizens on juries is the first step toward what Democrats are really after -- getting more of them to vote , at least in non-federal elections . In November 2010 , voters in San Francisco weighed in on a proposition that would have allowed all parents of children in the city 's schools to vote in school board elections whether they were citizens or not ; they voted it down but the shocking part is that it was even proposed . Still , if the bill is approved by the state Senate and signed by Gov. Jerry Brown , California would become the first state in the nation to dispense with the citizenship requirement to sit on a jury . What 's wrong with this picture ? What happened to all the rhetoric we 've heard in the debate over comprehensive immigration reform , about how advocates wo n't settle for the undocumented getting only legal status because "  citizenship " is so wonderful and valuable ? Just not essential to acts of civic participation like sitting on juries . Supporters say they want to increase the size of the available jury pool while helping immigrants integrate into U.S. society . They also claim that juries should reflect their communities as they exist , and this means including noncitizens in the mix . Those are lovely sentiments . But if people want to help immigrants "  integrate , " they should help them become U.S. citizens . It 's not that difficult . The hard part is going from "  illegal immigrant " to "  legal resident " ; by comparison , transitioning from "  legal resident " to "  U.S. citizen " is a walk in the park . In fact , often times , according to immigration attorneys and other experts in the field , the only reason that more people do n't complete the process and become citizens is because they 're reluctant to let go of their romantic attachment to their homeland . Immigration is a complicated issue that has baffled the Golden State for more than 25 years . In effect , there are two signs on the California-Mexico border , about 10 miles south of San Diego : "  No Trespassing " and "  Help Wanted . " Half the time , we 're trying to get rid of immigrants ; the other half , we 're trying to get our hands on more . Our elected officials only add to the confusion . With one hand , Brown signed legislation letting undocumented college students apply for state-sponsored financial aid . With the other , he vetoed a bill that would have scaled back the cooperation that local police give to U.S. immigration officials in rounding up immigrants who are here illegally . So , in Brown 's California , local cops can help hunt you down if you lack legal status . But , if you get by them , you can go to college on the taxpayer 's dime ? We 've seen this kind of inconsistency before . In 1986 , U.S. Sen. Pete Wilson helped push the Immigration Reform and Control Act , which legalized more than 3 million illegal immigrants . The Republican did it to please his benefactors in agriculture , who understand that they would be out of business without the undocumented . In 1994 , Wilson -- who was by then California governor , and fighting for re-election -- turned himself inside out and hitched his wagon to Proposition 187 , an insanely cruel ballot initiative that intended to deny illegal immigrants and their children access to public schools , welfare benefits and nonemergency health care . It was that Republican-backed initiative , which was later struck down by the federal courts as unconstitutional , that sent California into a political tailspin . In a state that is more than 38 % Latino , and where Latinos account for more than one in five voters , the GOP 's war on immigrants turned out to be a suicide mission . Thanks in large part to support from Latino voters , Democrats now have "  supermajorities " in both chambers of the state legislature . This means they get bills passed without a single Republican vote . Think about the consequences . Noncitizens serving on juries . Who could have imagined ? Welcome to life on the Left Coast . This is how California rolls . It acts on impulse and out of a misplaced sense of social justice . It makes mistakes that take years to rectify . Its "  can-do " spirit convinces it that it can do great things . But it never stops to ask whether it might instead do great harm . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	A bill passed by Calif. assembly would let noncitizens serve on juries Ruben Navarrette says it 's a mistake to weaken the meaning of citizenship If people want to integrate immigrants into community , help them become citizens , he says Navarrette : California helps hunt down undocumented while also extending benefits
Doctors are looking for more information about a "  polio-like syndrome " that has caused paralysis in a few children in California . Neurologists have identified five patients who developed paralysis in one or more of their limbs between August 2012 and July 2013 . All five children had been vaccinated against the poliovirus . Treatment did not seem to help the children regain their motor function . Samples from two of the children tested positive for enterovirus 68 , a rare virus that has been linked to severe respiratory illness in the past . Samples from the other three children were not collected or tested soon enough to yield conclusive results , said Dr. Emmanuelle Waubant , a neurologist at the University of California , San Francisco . Waubant and her colleagues will present a case report about these patients ' illnesses at the American Academy of Neurology 's annual meeting in late April . They are asking health care providers to be on the lookout for similar cases and send in samples from any patient exhibiting these symptoms . Dr. Carol Glaser , chief of the Encephalitis and Special Investigation Section at the California Department of Public Health , said the state is aware of the paralysis cases but believes the risk to families is very low . "  We are evaluating cases as they are reported to us , " Glaser said in an e-mail to CNN . "  We have not found anything at this point that raises any public health concerns . " The poliovirus has been eradicated in the United States for more than 30 years . Only three countries in the world are not yet free of the disease : Afghanistan , Pakistan and Nigeria , according to the World Health Organization . Why polio has n't gone away yet Poliovirus is part of the Picornaviridae family , which also includes enteroviruses and rhinoviruses  better known as the common cold  . There are more than 100 types of enterovirus that cause 10 million to 15 million infections in the United States each year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Most people who become infected with an enterovirus do not get sick or experience only mild symptoms , said Dr. Steven Oberste , chief of the Polio and Picornavirus Laboratory Branch at the CDC . Common symptoms include fever , runny nose , cough , skin rash and body aches . Enterovirus is often the cause of "  summer colds , " whose cases spike in July , August and September . Children and teens are more likely to fall ill because they have not yet built up immunity to these common viruses . However , some types of enterovirus are more serious . These can cause hand , foot and mouth disease ; viral meningitis ; encephalitis  inflammation of the brain  ; an infection of the heart ; and paralysis in some patients . Enterovirus 68 was first identified in a California lab in 1962 , after four children came down with a severe respiratory illness . Between 1970 and 2005 , only 26 cases of enterovirus 68 in the United States were reported to the CDC . Since 2000 , the government agency has kept a closer watch and has seen 47 cases , Oberste said . Outbreaks have occurred over the years in Asia and Europe , but it 's still one of the rarest types of enterovirus . More common -- and more concerning to health officials -- is enterovirus 71 , which was discovered by the same California lab in 1969 , Oberste said . Enterovirus 71 is usually associated with severe neurological issues , including aseptic meningitis , polio-like paralysis and encephalitis . Waubant is not sure if the samples from this latest group of patients were tested for enterovirus 71 . According to a CDC report , several outbreaks of paralysis caused by enterovirus 71 were seen in Europe in the 1960s and 1970s . In the late 1990s and early 2000s , fatal encephalitis was a big problem in Malaysia and Taiwan . "  Ever since then , the virus has circulated in high levels in Southeast Asia , " Oberste said . In recent years , the outbreaks have spread to Australia ; a cluster of cases near Sydney drew media attention in 2013 . Between 1983 and 2005 , 270 cases of enterovirus 71 were reported in the United States . But none has resulted in a larger outbreak , despite the virus 's infectious nature . "  That 's the really odd thing , " Oberste said . "  We see cases from time to time in the United States . Occasionally they 'll be severe . Basically it 's identical to what 's circulating in Asia ... but it does n't cause the same big outbreak in disease . And we really do n't know why . " The CDC is aware of the small cluster of cases in California but is not actively involved in an investigation , a spokesman told CNN . Waubant and her colleagues do n't want to alarm anyone with their case report presentation ; they 're simply seeking help in finding the cause of these seemingly connected cases . "  We would like to stress that this syndrome appears to be very , very rare , " one of Waubant 's colleagues , Dr. Keith Van Haren , said in a prepared statement . Parents need to know that vaccination is key to preventing polio from returning to the United States , Glaser said . While there is no vaccine to protect you from a non-polio enterovirus , washing your hands frequently and avoiding close contact with others who are sick can help .	Five children in California have a "  polio-like syndrome , " according to neurologists Two of the children tested positive for enterovirus 68 , a rare type of enterovirus Another type , enterovirus 71 , is more commonly linked to paralysis Both are uncommon in the United States ; state health officials say risk is very low
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A new lawsuit alleges that convicted swindler Bernie Madoff financed a cocaine-fueled work environment and a "  culture of sexual deviance , " and he diverted money to his London , England , office when he believed federal authorities were closing in at home . A new lawsuit alleges Bernie Madoff financed a sex-and-drugs workplace with investors ' money . The lawsuit , filed Tuesday in New York 's State Supreme Court , was brought on behalf of former investors and seeks unspecified punitive damages and compensation . Beyond that , it offers a look at what the plaintiffs ' attorneys say was once Madoff 's multimillion-dollar empire and what is now his world in a federal prison in North Carolina . Among the allegations in the 264-page lawsuit are that during the mid-1970s , Madoff began sending employees to buy drugs for company use . The complaint alleges that some employees and investors were aware of the drug purchases , and that BMIS -LSB- Bernard Madoff Investment Services -RSB- was known by insiders as the "  North Pole " in reference to the excessive amount of cocaine use in the work place . Attorneys Joseph Cochett and Nancy Fineman filed the complaint based on an investigation , including a four-hour interview with Madoff in prison in July , that they conducted for former investors . They also allege that major financial institutions , including KPMG , the Bank of New York and JP Morgan Chase , were aware that Madoff was transferring stolen funds to his London office for personal purchases . According to the complaint , Madoff transferred funds to London to buy extravagant personal items . "  In 2006 Madoff thought the end was near because the -LSB- U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission -RSB- investigated . He realized he had to change things up so his focus shifted to London , " Fineman said . "  We know that KPMG were the auditors for the London branch and that money was used to buy yachts and Bentleys , they are supposed to look at related-party transactions . KPMG should have noticed these as a red flag . " Officials of KPMG and the Bank of New York did not immediately respond to calls from CNN Wednesday evening for comment on the lawsuit . JP Morgan Chase spokesman Tom Kelly said , "  We do not comment on pending litigation . " The alleged illicit behavior outlined in the complaint did not stop at drug use and extravagant spending . Company parties consisted of topless entertainers , and some employees had affairs in places such as Madoff 's own office , the lawsuit says . Madoff was fond of escorts and masseuses , and used money stolen from investors to pay them , according to the complaint . Madoff was convicted of operating a Ponzi scheme and defrauding thousands of investors . He pleaded guilty in March to 11 counts , including fraud , money laundering and perjury , and was sentenced to 150 years in prison . Prosecutors have said it was the largest investor fraud ever committed by a single person , totaling billions in losses to investors . Before Madoff , 71 , was transferred to Federal Butner Correctional Complex outside of Raleigh , North Carolina , he lived a life of luxury . The lawsuit states that he had multimillion dollar residences in Manhattan , Montauk on New York 's Long Island ; Palm Beach , Florida ; and Cap d'Antibe , France . The complaint includes details of Madoff 's drastically different life now in prison . He lives in a cell where he sleeps on the bottom bunk while up top sleeps his 21-year-old cellmate , who is serving time for drug crimes , according to the lawsuit . Madoff 's recreational activities consist of walking around the prison track at night , and eating pizza cooked by a convicted child molester , the lawsuit says . Madoff now spends his time with infamous inmates , the lawsuit says , including Carmine Persico , a former organized-crime former boss , and Jonathan Pollard , a convicted spy for Israel . Many of his fellow inmates are in prison for drug and sex crimes , according to the lawsuit . Going after large financial institutions that allegedly allowed Madoff 's scheme to flourish is the goal of Fineman and her associates . "  Our goal of meeting with Madoff during the investigation is to get as much money back from responsible parties and that 's why lawsuits are filed and why lawyers do what they do , " Fineman said . "  Even now , 10 months later , the pain in the victims ' voices is still evident . I still hear it when I talk to people who were being defrauded for so long . " According to the complaint , Fineman and Cochett are seeking punitive and compensatory damages for their clients with "  an amount to be determined at trial , including interest thereon . " Fineman said that during the prison interview with Madoff , "  He said he was apologetic , but he did n't seem apologetic . " "  I forgot I was in prison , he was talking to us as if we were in a restaurant -- he has quite an ego , you could see why people would be drawn to him , " Fineman said . "  He told us things that were self-serving to him , " she said . "  But he told me he knew he would die in prison . "	Lawsuit seeks punitive damages , compensation on behalf of former investors Starting in '70s , Madoff sent employees to buy drugs for company use , suit alleges Lawsuit : Madoff used money stolen from investors to pay for escorts and masseuses Madoff now eating prison pizza cooked by a convicted child molester , lawsuit says
CNN  -- Arriving at an airport and jumping into a taxi is the preferred option for most , and a necessary expense for time-pressed business travelers . But try passing off a $ 300 airport to city center fare and your accounts department may like to have a chat with you when you return to the office . That 's how much the average cab ride from Tokyo 's Narita airport into the city center costs , making it the world 's most expensive , according to a new survey by British foreign exchange company , Moneycorp . By comparison a single ticket on the Narita Express train to the heart of Tokyo costs $ 28 . Tokyo 's main international airport is 66 kilometers  41 miles  from the city , explaining a large part of the expense . Despite a weakening currency , making the journey almost 10 % cheaper than at the same time last year , Japan remains an expensive destination for many visitors . Click on the map to learn how much each airport to city center taxi fare costs . Per kilometer the taxi journey from Narita costs $ 4.42 , but is not the priciest by distance . That dubious honor goes to Copenhagen . Despite being only 8 kilometers from the city center of the Danish capital , an average taxi fare from the airport cost $ 50  $ 6.50 per kilometer  . Geneva in Switzerland is the next most expensive fare per kilometer . Visitors to Oslo 's Gardermoen airport and Milan 's Malpensa will also have to budget in high transfer costs ; the Norwegian capital and Italian city costing visitors $ 112 and $ 106 respectively to reach the city center . Both cities are over 40 kilometers from the airports . "  It 's interesting that some of the biggest variations in taxi costs are in mainland Europe , " said Tracey Tivnan of Moneycorp in a press statement . "  For example , the taxi fare from Milan Malpensa airport to the city center will cost you more than  # 70  $ 106  . This compares to just  # 2.17  $ 3.30  from Sofia airport to the center of Sofia . " Elsewhere , of the popular destinations surveyed , the cheapest airport taxi fares can be found in Asia . The traffic-choked ride into Delhi costing on average $ 4.10 , and Bangkok , $ 8.58 .	New survey shows most expensive taxi rides from airports to city centers Tokyo from Narita airport is around $ 300 for a single journey Cheapest airport transfers are in Delhi and Sofia , Bulgaria Click on the map to learn the average cost of a taxi from the airport
CNN  -- Robert Strauss , a prominent Democratic figure who led the party at a crucial time and advised presidents , died on Wednesday , his law firm said . He was 95 . Strauss took over as chairman of the Democratic National Committee during a tumultuous period following George McGovern 's landslide loss to Richard Nixon in 1972 , and saw it through Jimmy Carter 's election in 1976 . He went on to serve as a special trade representative and Mideast envoy under Carter . And under President George H.W. Bush , a Republican , Strauss was ambassador to the former Soviet Union , just before its collapse , and then to Russia . President Barack Obama saluted Strauss . "  Bob was one of the greatest leaders the Democratic Party ever had , yet presidents of both parties relied on his advice , his instincts , and his passion for public service -- not to mention his well-honed sense of humor , " he said in a White House statement . "  Bob was truly one of a kind , and our thoughts are with his children , his family , and his friends too numerous to count . " People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Dana Davidsen and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Robert Strauss dies at 95 , his law firm says He led the Democratic Party 's resurgence in the mid-1970s Strauss was an ambassador to the former Soviet Union and Russia
Beijing  CNN  -- China conjures various images . It could be food -- Peking Duck , steamed dumplings and the like . Or kung fu -- Bruce Lee and his dazzling martial-arts skills or more recently Ang Lee 's "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon . " Or the giant pandas -- those cuddly creatures as photographed in the nature reserves or as portrayed in the Hollywood blockbuster , "  Kung Fu Panda . " Or Yao Ming -- the other cuddly giant who , until he retired last year , won games and friends in the NBA . Stereotypical or not , these are some of China 's "  soft power " resources . In recent months , China has been on a "  soft power " offensive to improve its national image and increase its global influence . China has hosted the 2008 Olympics and the Shanghai Expo in 2009 -- expensive events which , many experts say , helped enhance the "  China brand . " "  The Olympics was very much a positive move in improving China 's Soft Power , " said Scott Kronick , president for Ogilvy PR in North Asia , which advises Chinese and overseas clients . "  How the country responded to the Sichuan earthquake was another . " There are long-term initiatives , too , such as the setting up of Confucius Institutes to promote the Chinese language and culture . Akin to Germany 's Goethe Institut or the British Council , hundreds of these Confucius Institutes have been established in leading universities and colleges around the world . "  There is a sense that soft power is growing , as more foreigners are aware of China 's successes , get exposed more to its culture and have to consider China 's views on a whole range of global issues , " noted John Holden , Beijing-based adviser at Hill + Knowlton , a U.S. public relations company . Why China 's obsession to project its "  soft power " ? Soft power , according to Harvard Kennedy School professor Joseph S. Nye , "  is the ability to get what you want through attraction rather than coercion or payments . " Nye cites three ways to affect the behavior of others :  $ cents You can coerce them with threats , using military power .  $ cents You can induce them with payments , using economic clout .  $ cents Or you can attract and co-opt them , using culture , diplomacy and other means and resources . "  The latter is soft power -- getting others to appreciate you to the extent that their behavior is modified , " explained Kronick of Ogilvy . "  When the first two are exercised judiciously and are combined with the third , they create ` smart power . ' " "  The Chinese want to exercise greater soft power , " Kronick added . "  How they do this is an ongoing challenge and pursuit . " As China becomes richer , modernizes its military and increasingly consumes greater global resources , experts see a growing global concern over China 's rise as a global power . Optimists say China will turn into a benign power . Alarmists warn China is bound to emerge as an Evil Empire . In a white paper issued in 2005 , China outlined its intentions to rise peacefully as a global power . "  China did not seek hegemony in the past , nor does it and will not do so in the future when it gets stronger , " the white paper said . "  China 's development will not pose a threat to anyone ; instead it can bring more development opportunities and bigger markets for the rest of the world . " But some public opinion polls show China 's soft power offensive remains inadequate . A survey by the Pew Research Center 's Global Attitudes Projects last year noted a significant rise in positive views in a number of countries . However , across the 22 nations surveyed , the U.S. generally received more favorable marks than China . In the U.S. , France , Germany , Spain and Japan , the survey showed , those who see China as the world 's leading economic power believed this is a bad thing . Those who named the United States tended to think it is a good thing . Experts partly blame this on poor communications . Ahead of China 's transition of leadership later this year , China has tightened its control of the media and continued its repression of dissent . "  China hurts itself when it flouts its own laws and international norms on human rights , " Holden said . "  This tarnishes its image . " "  What they do wrong is that they traditionally have had a tendency to only want to project positive news , and this often is seen clouding the truth , " Kronick noted . Zhao Qizheng , the former director of the State Council Information Office and an advocate of public diplomacy , acknowledges the limits of official propaganda . "  For a long time , the international community has been cynical towards the traditional Chinese voice , believing that it 's mostly official propaganda with political agenda , so it 's not very credible and interesting , " Zhao said in a recent online forum . Zhao admonished ordinary Chinese to engage in public diplomacy . "  We Chinese should be good at storytelling , to use soft ways of communications to create the so-called ` China image , ' " he said . Experts -- like James McGregor , a veteran China-watcher and senior counselor at APCO Worldwide , a public relations consulting company -- agree . "  The Chinese students , the emigrants and business people who are scattered around the world -- and the Chinese individuals whom foreigners meet in China -- are the country 's soft power . They have many friends and admirers who through them have great affection for the Chinese people , their incredible work ethic and accomplishments , " he said . After 30 years of rapid economic and social changes , China struggles to project an international profile that befits the second biggest economy in the world . McGregor thinks China 's dilemma is more deep-seated and long-term . "  I think the world respects China 's economic accomplishments and has great admiration for the Chinese people , " he said . "  But the Chinese government has almost no soft power in the world . You need a leading ideology that resonates with the world and a system of ethics and governing that people admire . China does n't have that right now . "	China on "  soft power " offensive to improve image , increase influence Control of media tightening before transition of leadership this year China is now second the second biggest economy in the world
CNN  -- Investigators on Tuesday released the identities of eight people who were killed in a mobile home in southeastern Georgia . Guy Heinze Jr. faces drug charges and is accused of evidence tampering and making false statements . A ninth person remains in critical condition , the Glynn County Police Department said . Police identified the victims as Michelle Toler , 15 ; Michael Toler , 19 ; Russell D. Toler Jr. , 20 ; Chrissy Toler , 22 ; Joseph L. West , 30 ; Russell D. Toler Sr. , 44 ; Guy Heinze Sr. , 45 ; and Brenda Gail Falagan , 49 . They were found dead Saturday in Brunswick , Georgia , about 300 miles southeast of Atlanta , on the Atlantic coast . Police said autopsies were completed Monday , but they did not offer any information about the findings . Authorities did not identify the hospitalized victim . A man who found the bodies called 911 Saturday to report in an anguished voice that he had arrived home to find "  my whole family 's dead . " Hear the frantic 911 call reporting the slayings " "  I just got home , " a man identified as Guy Heinze Jr. , 22 , tells the emergency dispatcher in the call , released Monday . "  I was out last night . I got home just now , and everybody 's dead . ... My whole family 's dead . It looks like they 've been beaten to death . "  I do n't know what to do , man , " an emotional Heinze tells the dispatcher . "  My dad , my mom , my uncle , my cousin . ... . My dad , he 's laying there dead . That was my dad . " A neighbor placed the call and put Heinze on the phone as well as the mobile home park 's maintenance man . The park manager also called 911 , sobbing as she told dispatchers , "  Please hurry . " Officers found seven people dead in the residence at the New Hope mobile home park . An eighth person died Sunday . Heinze was arrested Saturday night and faces charges of having a controlled substance and marijuana as well as evidence tampering and making false statements to a police officer , Glynn County Police Chief Matt Doering said . According to an arrest warrant , Heinz provided "  investigators with false and misleading information about his whereabouts and involvement in the circumstances leading up to him calling 911 to report the deaths of his family members . " No further details were available . The arrest warrant also said that he removed a shotgun from the residence and hid it in the trunk of his car . He had Darvocet , a narcotic painkiller , and marijuana in a pill bottle in the center console of his car , according to the arrest warrant . Doering said Heinze has been cooperative . He stopped short of naming him a suspect in the deaths . "  We 're still looking for anybody and everybody that may be related to this , " he said Sunday . "  That naturally includes -LSB- Heinze -RSB- . Of course , we 're looking at him . " Heinze 's attorney , Ron Harrison , said his client , who has a bail hearing Wednesday , denies any involvement in the killings . The arrest warrant , he said , alleges that his client took a shotgun from the house and hid it in his car . Asked how Heinze was doing , Harrison said , "  Not well . Not well at all . You come across this murder scene , you call 911 , and then you end up in jail . " Police have said they have "  no known suspects " in the case . "  We are not looking for any known suspects , " Doering said . "  That does n't say that there are no suspects . They 're just not known to us . " The 911 call paints a picture of violent chaos . At one point , while the maintenance man , known only as Mike , talks to dispatchers , Heinze goes in the mobile home and reports that his cousin , identified as Michael , is breathing . The maintenance man said that Michael is a "  young man with Down syndrome . " Heinze reports the youth 's "  face is smashed in , " he said . Heinze gets back on the phone to talk to a supervisor , repeating that Michael appears to be having trouble breathing and needs an ambulance . The dispatcher assures him help is on the way and tries to question him gently . "  People 's beat , " Heinze said . "  Everybody is dead . " Asked what the mobile home looks like , he yells , "  It looks like a -LSB- expletive -RSB- murder scene . " The dispatcher asks Heinze to try to question Michael , and Heinze asks him , "  Where do you hurt ? " There is no response . Doering said Sunday that police think at least one person not in custody may have information in the case . Police had been called to the home before , Doering said , but would not say why . He has been tight-lipped about many aspects of the case , refusing to say how the victims died . All nine victims lived in the mobile home , he said , and police do not believe any of them conducted the assault . He said police are making progress and have narrowed down the timeline for when the deaths occurred . CNN 's Sean Callebs contributed to this report .	NEW : Warrant claims caller took shotgun from house Investigators release names of eight people found dead in mobile home Ninth person hospitalized in critical condition , police say Glynn County , Georgia , police have been tight-lipped about case
New York  CNN  -- New York 's Court of Appeals ruled Thursday that New York City 's ban on large sugary drinks , which was previously blocked by lower courts , is illegal . "  We hold that the New York City Board of Health , in adopting the ` Sugary Drinks Portion Cap Rule , ' exceeded the scope of its regulatory authority , " the ruling said . Christopher Gindlesperger , a spokesman for the American Beverage Association , praised the ruling . "  We are pleased that the lower courts ' decisions were upheld , " he said in a statement . "  It would have created an uneven playing field for thousands of small businesses in the city and limited New Yorkers ' freedom of choice . With this ruling behind us , we look forward to collaborating with city leaders on solutions that will have a meaningful and lasting impact on New Yorkers and families across the country . " Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg had pushed for the ban on sugary drinks larger than 16 ounces as a way to fight obesity and other health problems . In a statement , Bloomberg 's successor , Mayor Bill de Blasio , expressed disappointment with the decision . "  The negative effects of sugary drink over-consumption on New Yorkers ' health , particularly among low-income communities , are irrefutable , " the statement said . "  We can not turn our backs on the high rates of obesity and diabetes that adversely impact the lives of so many of our residents . While we are still examining the Court 's decision , it is our responsibility to address the causes of this epidemic , and the City is actively reviewing all of its options to protect the health and well-being of our communities . " Sugary drinks linked to 180,000 deaths worldwide	New York appeals courts rules that city 's ban on large sugary drinks is illegal Decision says Board of Health "  exceeded scope of its regulatory authority " Industry group praises the decision , says ban was unfair to small businesses Mayor Bill de Blasio : "  We can not turn our backs on the high rates of obesity and diabetes "
CNN  -- Acura found itself in a bit of hot water this week when it was revealed that a casting agency in Los Angeles only desired light-skinned African-American actors for the company 's Super Bowl commercial featuring Jay Leno and Jerry Seinfeld . The company apologized , but that has n't stopped a lot of the chatter criticizing Acura for not doing more to keep the casting agency in check . This really is n't a new story considering how many times in the past we 've heard similar stories , including that advertising agencies have non-urban dictates like refusing to buy advertising space on black-focused radio , TV , magazine and online properties . Worldwide , nearly $ 500 million is spent on bleaching products , an effort for people with darker skin to lighten their skin . This is pretty laughable considering the lengths some whites go to darken their skin through tanning beds or even spray painting a bronze look in order to appear darker .  I 'm still trying to figure out the skin tone of Speaker of the House John Boehner . But there is another critical discussion that must be had , and that is the belief that the lighter skinned you are , the better your life will be . The effects of this mindset are examined in the documentary "  Dark Girls , " produced by actor/director Bill Duke and directed by Chan Berry . "  Dark Girls " explores the pain that is associated with having dark skin , even re-creating the white doll-black doll studies made famous by Dr. Kenneth Clark , which played a crucial role in the Brown vs. Board of Education Supreme Court decision . Facilitator : Show me the smart child . -LSB- A Black child 's hand points to the fairest-skinned depiction among a spectrum of drawings of a little girl , identical , save for the skin color  . Facilitator : And why is she the smart child ? Child : 'Cause she is white . Facilitator : OK . Show me the dumb child . -LSB- The little girl , who is brown-skinned , points to the drawing of the child with the darkest skin  . Facilitator : And why is she the dumb child ? Child : Because she black . Facilitator : Well , show me the ugly child . -LSB- Again , the little girl points to the darkest drawing  . Facilitator : And why is she the ugly child ? Child : 'Cause she black . Facilitator : Show me the good-looking child . -LSB- The little girl points to the fairest drawing . -RSB- Facilitator : And why is she the good-looking child ? Child : 'Cause she light-skinned-ed . I talked to Duke and Berry on my TV One show , Washington Watch , and both said the results of the documentary were stunning when considering how pervasive skin color plays a role in the minds of kids , even at an early age . "  Unfortunately , I think we 've accepted values that set standards of beauty that are not us , " Duke said . "  And as a result of that , as you saw the small child , unfortunately , at a very , very , very young age , whatever they look like is not beautiful enough . And so they try to be something other , and we sell them products to do that , and I think whoever 's selling that ad thinks in the same way . " In the documentary , one woman fighting back tears tells the story of a friend who recently had a baby : "  It was my first time seeing the baby , and the baby was beautiful . And she said , "  Girl , I 'm so glad she did n't come out dark ! " In addition to the Acura controversy , there have been complaints that on album covers and magazine ads , the skin of Beyonce , who is already light-skinned , is made even lighter to make her appear white . Even when it comes to dating , some black men have the view , "  Light is bright ; she 's alright . " "  In our film , we have a young man saying he does not think a dark-skinned girl looks right on his arm . He says that in the camera , " Duke said . "  He says long hair , fair skin - he feels better with that person on his arm . " Berry says it 's vital that we have real discussions about this issue . "  I want to continue what has happened six months ago when we dropped the trailer on everybody -- to know that -- to recognize that there is an issue with us , and then start the healing process , " he said . "  If you recognize that you have an issue , and then open up about it and start talking about it , that 's when the healing begins . "  So with our film -- we 're not psychiatrists , or psychologists , or sociologists , Roland . We 're just filmmakers who decided to point a lens at this particular subject , this issue , to say , ` Listen . This is how we can fix this , possibly . Just open up and talk about it , ' because , as Bill says , you 're not going to find anything outside of yourself to heal this . It 's going to come from within . " While "  Dark Girls "  www.officialdarkgirlsmovie.com  makes its way across the country , Duke and Berry are working on their next documentary , which will deal with light-skinned black women . Even that is a serious issue ; even to the degree that some blacks still pass for white in the 21st century . Just last year , my Aunt Rita died in Louisiana . She lived most of her adult life as a white woman , even though she was black . Her daughter , who is married to a white man and passes for white even though she knows she 's black -- but her kids do n't know -- waited two months to tell my grandmother that her only surviving sister had died . Why ? Because she was afraid of her black relatives showing up and exposing their secret . How 's that for a post-racial America ?	Acura criticized after agency sought light-skinned African-Americans for its Super Bowl ad This is n't a new story , Roland Martin says There must be discussion on belief that being light-skinned means a better life , Martin says Film "  Dark Girls " explores pain associated with dark skin , re-creates famous doll study
CNN  -- With two important cases on gay rights and marriage equality slated for oral arguments in the Supreme Court next week , Americans of all stripes are participating in a national debate over this emotionally charged issue -- on the Internet , on television , in our leading newspapers and around countless dinner tables . Despite this interest , only a handful of people will get to see these historic arguments -- those who show up to the courtroom next Tuesday and Wednesday . This is the result of the Supreme Court 's longstanding policy prohibiting cameras inside the courtroom . The court 's main reason for banning cameras -- as Justices Stephen Breyer and Anthony Kennedy reminded us recently at a congressional hearing -- is there would be an increased risk the justices ' questions and comments would be taken out of context and then played  and replayed  on the news or , worse yet , lampooned on "  The Colbert Report . " This would be a completely valid concern if it were n't for the fact that it 's happening already . As the justices well know , reporters , columnists , cartoonists and late-night comedians already extract the juiciest sound bites from oral arguments , sometimes taking them out of context and blowing them up into big stories . Indeed , such sound bites often dominate the media 's coverage of the Supreme Court . For evidence of this , look no further than Justice Antonin Scalia 's remark from the court 's oral argument in the case of Shelby County v. Holder . Scalia suggested the Voting Rights Act of 1965 had survived only because of the self-perpetuating power of "  racial entitlements " -- a comment that generated countless news stories , editorials , op-eds and political cartoons , to say nothing of parodies on satirical shows such as "  Saturday Night Live " and "  The Daily Show . " Or , better yet , consider Justice Clarence Thomas ' decision in January to tell a joke during oral argument -- breaking his seven-year streak of silence and , in the process , becoming front-page news . Does anyone , other than the closest court-watcher , even remember the name of that case or the issues it presented ? Or , take the constant plight of Kennedy , who commentators tend to assume is the decisive vote in each of the court 's most important cases . His every question , word , sigh and hiccup becomes a key part of how cases are covered in the media , as everyone scrambles for possible clues for how Kennedy might vote . Needless to say -- and as Kennedy well knows -- such predictions are often inaccurate . Sometimes , the focus on sound bites is entirely appropriate . Scalia 's characterization of the Voting Rights Act was offensive , and it deserved to be national news . Furthermore , it 's important to report potentially revealing comments from the court 's swing justice . But more often than not , the media coverage of the court is already focused on sound bites , which sometimes get taken out of context . Therefore , the Supreme Court might as well open up and let all Americans experience the majesty of its hearings -- an experience that can be captured only by attending an argument in person or by watching an argument unfold live in one 's living room or on one 's laptop . As lawyers who have been to dozens of Supreme Court hearings , we can confidently say that there 's nothing that the federal government does that 's more impressive than the high-quality debates that occur on a daily basis before the Supreme Court . The American public would be astonished at the skill of the advocates , the force of the questions and the overall level at which legal issues are debated before our high court . If only they could see these arguments in real time , in their entirety . Since media coverage of the high court already focuses on the trite at the expense of the court 's majesty , it makes sense to remove the media filter . Exposing the American public to the fullness of Supreme Court arguments by permitting cameras in the courtroom would be a service rather than hindrance to the judiciary . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Doug Kendall and Tom Donnelly .	The Supreme Court will hear two important cases on gay rights next week Doug Kendall , Tom Donnelly : Justices should allow cameras inside the courtroom They say court coverage tends to be focused on sound bites from justices already Kendall , Donnelly : Court has nothing to lose by permitting all Americans to see it in action
CNN  -- Tokyo has a dynamic and varied nightlife , although , as with the city 's restaurants , many of the best bars are tucked away off the beaten track . Tokyo has a buzzing clubbing scene . The ultra-stylish New York Bar is among the best rooftop bars in the world . Located on the 52nd floor of the Park Hyatt hotel  3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku  it offers spectacular views of the glowing , futuristic cityscape that is Tokyo after dark . There 's fantastic food and live jazz , and as an added bonus , you may recognize it as the bar where Bill Murray first meets Scarlett Johansson in "  Lost in Translation . " At Henry Good Seven it 's the stunning interior that will catch your eye . At once kitsch , cozy and classy , it 's a truly unique space by Tokyo design gurus Wonderwall . You 'll find it tucked away on the seventh floor of the Shin-Marunouchi Building  1-5-1 Marunouchi  right across the street from Tokyo Station . If you manage to locate it , you 'll discover that Kita Aoyama Salon  Yamahazi Building , B1F , 2-7-18 Kita Aoyama , Minato-ku  is one of the city 's coolest bars . Take the metro to Gaienmae , leave by exit 2 and turn right . An unmarked metal door will lead you to a barely-lit basement bar artfully kitted out in dark wood and antique furniture . It 's open until 5 a.m. and manages to feel laid back and indulgent at the same time . Well worth seeking out . Perennially popular with foreigners is the Roppongi area . Full of bars and restaurants , it 's always lively -- and a bit tacky . Propaganda  Yua Roppongi Building 2F 3-14-9 Roppongi , Minato-ku  is an unfussy , affable shot bar with a good-value happy hour . A world away from garish Roppongi is the Golden Gai area of Shinjuku . A ghetto of dark alleyways crammed with tiny ramshackle bars , Golden Gai evokes a bygone bohemian Tokyo of the 1960s . Some establishments are n't keen on foreign customers but La Jetee  1-1-8 Kabukicho , Shinjuku-ku  is a friendly little drinking den that 's sure to offer a warm welcome . A new arrival on the clubbing scene is the intimate Le Baron de Paris  Aoyama Center Building , Minami-Aoyama Minatu-ku  , the Tokyo outpost of the Parisian night club . Designed in part by Marc Newson , it attracts a trendy and glamorous international crowd . More established , and much less intimate , is Tokyo 's finest superclub , Womb  2-16 Maruyama-cho , Shibuya-ku  . More like the interior of a spaceship than a nightclub , Womb has dazzling lighting and attracts top international House and Techno DJs . Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Tokyo picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best	Enjoy jazz , cocktails and mind-blowing views at the ultra-stylish New York Bar If you can find Kita Aoyama Salon you deserve the beer that 's waiting for you The Golden Gai area is packed with ramshackle bars - check out La Jetee The legendary Womb is Tokyo 's finest club , featuring incredible lighting
CNN  The BBC has suspended Jeremy Clarkson , the host of car show "  Top Gear , " following "  a fracas with a BBC producer , " the broadcaster said in a statement . "  Jeremy Clarkson has been suspended pending an investigation , " they said . "  No one else has been suspended . Top Gear will not be broadcast this Sunday . " Fans of the presenter expressed dismay at the decision . At the time of writing , more than 147,000 people had signed a petition seeking his reinstatement . Using the hashtag #BringBackClarkson , some Twitter users lamented that the show would not be the same without him . Clarkson himself also took to Twitter , posting an apology  of sorts  to Labour leader Ed Miliband -- for knocking him down the news agenda . "  Save Clarkson ? " his co-host James May tweeted . "  Save empty cardboard boxes and off-cuts of string . They 're far more useful . " This is not the first time that Clarkson has been at the center of controversy . In May this year , the television presenter asked forgiveness after using a racist term during a taping of the show . Clarkson had mumbled the n-word while reciting a children 's nursery rhyme , but that version of the take was never aired . Last year , the BBC show hit the headlines when Argentina complained about a "  Top Gear " special filmed in the country in which the number plate H982 FKL was used -- interpreted by some as a reference to the 1982 Falklands War . Forced to stop filming and leave the country , Clarkson said on the BBC Newsbeat website that the use of the plate was purely coincidental . In a previous article on their website , the BBC said "  Jeremy Clarkson is not a man given to considered opinion . " In their statement , the corporation declined to comment any further . Jeremy Clarkson : Hated by liberals , loved by the elite	Presenter was involved in an encounter with a BBC producer ` Top Gear ' was due to air this Sunday , episode pulled from schedule
CNN  -- You 're wiped out , eating too much , your chest feels funny when you climb stairs , sex is n't working well , you ca n't wait for a drink and your spouse is looking at you warily . But you just bought health insurance online from a health exchange . Now , before you head for an ER , if only you could find a doctor ... Primary care doctors -- the pediatricians , family doctors and internists who constitute the foundation of our medical system -- are also in trouble . Over quite a few years now , their numbers and accessibility have fallen . So it 's important to consider the likely impact on these frontline doctors when the Affordable Care Act , better known as Obamacare , goes into full effect . Could Obamacare help turn this trend around ? One thing is for sure . Obamacare has already accomplished something remarkable : No longer can previous illness or risk for future illness prevent an individual from obtaining health insurance . But as the new health exchanges offer affordable insurance to more and more Americans , there is risk that a flood of new patients may overwhelm the already-besieged primary care work force . The ACA incentivizes doctors , including specialists , to join and collaborate in "  accountable care organizations " that contract with insurers to take responsibility for a defined population of patients . The goals are to contain costs , reward high quality care and help health professionals take care of more patients . The idea is also to move away from today 's "  fee schedules " that pay doctors and hospitals far more for cardiac catheterizations or surgeries than for treatments with medications that may be just as effective . Such "  perverse incentives " can lead to low quality care and high cost . But the devil is in the details , and Obamacare does n't have clear answers to some difficult problems . Primary care doctors worry about measuring quality of care properly and rewarding different types of practice fairly , especially since the enormous disparities in income among doctors create resentments in the medical community . Some of the challenges ahead include : How to measure quality Techniques for measuring quality are improving , but there 's a long road ahead before doctors agree on their scientific validity , particularly when quality scores may affect their income . How do you grade care for patients with hypertension , diabetes or high cholesterol levels ? Numbers such as blood pressures , sugar or lipid levels tell only part of the story for individuals whose genes , cultural habits , psyches and social circumstances vary widely . Researchers are working hard to develop strong and replicable measures to measure quality , but this remains an enormous challenge . How to pay for different groups of patients fairly Every practice cares for a different mix of the healthy and the sick . Those who are ill consume more time and resources from doctors . Unfortunately , we do n't yet have good techniques for adjusting compensation fairly for different mixes of patients . Payers do n't really know how to compare the work of doctors caring for many sick patients , as opposed to those managing individuals who are generally well . Income disparity among doctors While doctors overall make far more money than most Americans , the ACA is unlikely to fix the extraordinary imbalance in incomes between primary care doctors and doctors who are subspecialists , particularly those who perform skilled procedures such as operations or colonoscopies . An equally skilled primary care doctor may spend hours helping a patient address the intertwined effects of diabetes , economic hardship and depression , but for that she or he is still paid far less than the surgeon who fixes a hernia or the dermatologist who removes an unsightly mole . That certainly does n't raise the likelihood that students who graduate from medical school with enormous debt will choose primary care as a career . Bureaucratic burdens In part because of ridiculous bureaucratic requirements for paperwork and documentation , primary care doctors have so little time for their patients that they all too often shunt them off unnecessarily to specialists . Recent data suggest that of all the money paid for outpatient care , 75 % goes to specialists and only 25 % to primary care doctors , a ratio that 's certainly a factor in the high cost of care overall . Nevertheless , those in primary care , and especially young doctors considering careers in this complex and stimulating field , should take heart . Obamacare is supporting exciting new initiatives and pilot programs and spurring innovations that offer opportunities to make primary care more personal , more humane and more rewarding . Keep an eye out for the following : -- Growing benefits from electronic health records that over time will provide the foundation for vital improvements to our health care system , including remote access to records when a patient needs care far from home , and better real-time coordination among everyone involved in a patient 's care . -- Communication between doctors and patients that is more transparent , bolsters patient safety and leads to improved clinical outcomes by involving patients  and often their families  more actively in their own care .  My particular obsession is to invite patients to read the notes we write , to share those notes with others and to join us in shaping their care collaboratively  . Opinion : Find out what your doctor really thinks about you -- New technologies and delivery systems that promote care in the home , such as video visits with doctors or nurses , and automated monitoring of glucose levels , heart rhythms or blood pressures , along with many new tools supporting self-care . -- Watch out for the evolution of "  patient-centered medical homes " where teams of primary care doctors , nurse practitioners , physician assistants , mental health professionals , case workers , family caregivers , community-based patient navigators , volunteers and others who bring additional expertise to patient care work together to increase both the quality and efficiency of care . The signs are promising for many of these new tools . At times , the path toward a better and more equitable health care system may feel slow and treacherous , but we should be hopeful . Nationally and at my medical school , we 're beginning to see more young health professionals turning toward careers in primary care . I think the tide is turning . I believe that Obamacare is delivering a child whose tentative steps and inevitable stumbles will be followed by strong strides forward . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Delbanco .	Tom Delbanco : The number of primary care doctors has fallen in the past few years Delbanco : Will Obamacare change trend , especially since there will be more patients ? He says challenges include how to measure quality of care and compensate doctors fairly Delbanco : The path to a better health care system may seem hard , but let 's be hopeful
CNN  -- A mother and two children drowned inside a car Friday after floodwater washed their vehicle away , a Pittsburgh city official said . The city experienced a heavy storm and flooding shortly after 4 p.m. Friday , said Michael Huss , Pittsburgh director of Public Safety . "  The manhole covers began to lift from the rush of water , and the roadway flooded , " Huss said . CNN affiliate WTAE reported that the incident took place in the eastern Pittsburgh neighborhood of Highland Park in Pennsylvania . Huss said the family 's vehicle washed down the roadway and got stuck next to a tree . "  The three could not get out of the car before it was submerged , " Huss said . "  The water had a lot of force behind  it  , and all three inside drowned . " In addition , Huss said , "  We have one person whose car was located , but that person is still unaccounted for . " Dive units were searching late Friday night .	Floodwater washes a family 's vehicle away in Pittsburgh The car gets stuck next to a tree and is submerged One more person whose car is found remains unaccounted for
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan has arrested a suspected al Qaeda militant who intelligence officials say is tied to the London subway bombings in 2005 , authorities there said Thursday . The double-decker bus damaged by a bomb in central London on July 7 , 2005 . Zabih al-Taifi was arrested in a village near Peshawar on Wednesday as part of ongoing security operations in the area , police and intelligence officials told CNN . Six others , both Afghans and Pakistanis , were also arrested . The Metropolitan Police Service in London , also known as Scotland Yard , issued a statement refusing to comment on the arrest . "  Speculation around this reported arrest with alleged links to an ongoing terrorist trial is unhelpful and may be prejudicial to current criminal proceedings , " it said . The London blasts killed 52 people and wounded at least 900 others when bombs went off on three subway trains and a bus on July 7 , 2005 . Security analysts say the village where al-Taifi was arrested in the North West Frontier Province has been the site of recent clashes between Pakistani security forces and militants . CNN 's Zein Basravi contributed to this report .	Officials say arrested al Qaeda militant has ties to 2005 London subway bombings 52 killed , 900 wounded from bombs on 3 subway trains and a bus on July 7 , 2005 Zabih al-Taifi arrested in village near Peshawar in ongoing security operations
CNN  -- A day after her sister Serena 's comeback was ended in Eastbourne , Venus Williams suffered a similar fate losing in the quarterfinals to Daniela Hantuchova . The Slovak battled hard in blustery conditions on the south coast of England as she recorded a 6-2 5-7 6-2 win -- her first over Venus in 11 meetings . Williams had been out of action for five months with an abdominal injury before returning for the warm-up tournament ahead of Wimbledon and showed flashes of her old self in the second set . Hantuchova told the WTA 's official web site : "  I was not thinking about our other matches at all . I was just focusing on my game today . "  I had a good win yesterday and I wanted to build on that . But I still feel there is a lot of room to improve . I 'm not where I want to be yet , but I feel like I 'm on the right way , which is pretty exciting for me . " Hantuchova breezed through the first set in just under 40 minutes after breaking Williams ' serve twice to take it 6-2 and led the second 4-2 before Venus hit her stride . Williams then stormed back to take the second set before Hantuchova restored her dominance in the decider , breaking Williams twice and sealing the tie with her first match point . Venus said : "  The wind did n't make it very predictable , but I give her credit for hanging in there . On a day like today , you have to just hang in there . "  I think Daniela had a lot of motivation -- we 've been playing I do n't know how many years , and I am sure she has wanted to get a win against me for a long , long time . " "  It was n't the best luck today , but I feel good about my preparation  for Wimbledon  . More than anything I was able to get a lot of great competition . This has been ideal . I would have liked to win here , but there are positives here too . " Hantuchova said she was glad the Williams sisters were back in tennis . "  I think they 're great for the game . I was really looking forward to the match today and really pleased I was able to make it through , " she said . Hantuchova will now face fifth seed Petra Kvitova , from the Czech Republic after she battled back from dropping the opening set to beat Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska 1-6 6-2 7-6 . The other semifinal will pit French No. 6 seed Marion Bartoli against No. 7 seed Samantha Stosur , from Australia . Bartoli was 6-2 2-0 up against Victoria Azarenka when the Belarusian retired , while Stosur triumphed 4-6 7-6 6-4 over number one seed Vera Zvonareva . In the men 's draw , Janko Tipsarevic , from Serbian , won twice on Thursday to seal his place in the semifinal , first beating Kazakhstan 's Mikhail Kukushkin and then Grigor Dimitrov , from Bulgaria by the same 6-3 7-6 scoreline . World No. 59 Kei Nishikori beat Rainer Schuettler and then Czech Radek Stepanek to reach the final four , while Italian Andreas Seppi also went through with a win over Belgium 's Olivier Rochus .	Daniela Hantuchova knocks Venus Williams out of Eastbourne 6-2 5-7 6-2 It is the first time Hantuchova has beaten Williams in 11 matches Slovak will now face fifth seed Petra Kvitova after she beat Agnieszka Radwanska Mario Bartoli will face Australian Sam Stosur in other semifinal
CNN  -- The "  girl on bike " is a familiar trope in the motorcycle world , which is why the editor of American motorcycle blog Asphalt & Rubber did n't pay much attention last year when images surfaced of a woman draped across the latest Ducati . But when the dealership responsible for the sexy images re-created them using men -- all bulging muscles and body hair , farmers ' tans and booty shorts -- they caught his attention . These were the images he wanted to talk about . "  The conversation I really wanted to have is if you can put a girl on a bike , you should put a guy on a bike . And , if that looks silly to you ,  then  you should rethink the other , " said Jensen Beeler , editor of Asphalt & Rubber . "  I 'm kind of tired of the ` pinup girl on motorcycle ' theme that our industry does , so it was kind of fun to see someone poke that in the eye , " Beeler said . "  I thought to myself , these are guys with a good sense of humor . They 're not afraid of pushing boundaries , which is what motorcycles are all about . " But the images did n't go beyond the motorcycle world until just last month when they became a viral sensation . You probably saw them on Facebook or Twitter or on one of numerous news websites that showed them off . The overwhelmingly enthusiastic response was far different from the one Beeler got on Asphalt & Rubber in August 2012 when reactions ranged from , "  It 's nice to see it go the other way for once , " to "  Why oh why !!!!! Really ?????? WTF !!!!!!!!! " Or , as one American motorcycle PR firm said , "  Half of this made us throw up in our mouth a little bit . " But where did the photos come from , and why did they surface again now ? Both sets of images were the brainchild of Arun Sharma , general manager of MotoCorsa , a Ducati dealership in Portland , Oregon . Last year , he wanted his shop to be the first to circulate promotional images of the hotly anticipated Ducati 1199 Panigale . He wanted them to be sexy but tasteful , so fans would n't have reservations about using them as wallpaper on their office computer . "  It 's not a big secret that beautiful women and motorcycles go together , but we 're not into G-strings , " Sharma said in a phone interview . "  There are smarter ways to go about it . " Photographer and "  Moto Lady " blogger Alicia Mariah Elfving helped style and shoot both sets of images . She also wanted to distinguish the photos of the female model from the "  pervy images " that have defined motorcycle marketing ; she prefers to see women riding bikes rather than hanging off them , she said . But as long as women were modeling , "  we wanted to do something that was classy and better looking , so the content would be accessible to a wider audience . " They shot the photos the same day the Panigale arrived in the shop . Sharma said he achieved his goal of being the first dealership to circulate images of the hottest bike on the market , bearing MotoCorsa 's name and logo . As they spread throughout the world , much of the response was positive . There was some backlash , too . Tasteful or not , some said it was just another set of images of a model draped on a bike . Inspiration struck Sharma a few weeks later , he said , in one those "  You know what we should totally do ? " moments : "  We should totally do the same poses with the guys in the shop . " As Elfving remembers it , they had talked about the idea of responding to the backlash by reversing the gender of the models . "  Most people loved it , but others were like , ` Oh , a chick on a bike , ' " she said in a phone interview . "  OK , we 'll give you something different then . " Sharma called a meeting and announced the plan to reshoot the images using MotoCorsa employees . A few refused to take part , he recalls , but most were enthusiastic . They drew numbers to choose who would pose for each shot . Senior technician A.J. Ralston was one of the last to choose . He is pictured precariously perched on all fours on the bike 's seat . "  I thought it was a fantastic , hilarious idea , " said Ralston , who has worked in the shop for 11 years . "  It seems like we always get a lot of flak from customers whenever we put something up on our Facebook page that has a beautiful woman on a motorcycle , so making light of all of that and having a good time doing it seemed like a good idea . " Holding the pose proved to be a challenge for the 5-foot-10-inch , 230-pound technician , especially in slingback shoes and booty shorts . "  It was that kind of day , when it was super-hot outside , so holding a pose like that with sweat everywhere and my knees slipping all over the place gave me a new appreciation for what models do , " he said . Both versions of the images remained popular within the motorcycle community , sparking a few copycat male pinup shoots . It 's not entirely clear why the images resurfaced again recently . Beeler from the Asphalt & Rubber blog said his referral traffic showed it got moving on Facebook , caught on in S&M social media circles , then moved into feminist media , catching the attention of mainstream media outlets . Sharma said he is thrilled with the renewed attention . There 's been some negative reaction toward both versions , he said , but much more positive attention , overall . "  We just did it for fun , for the notoriety , and it went crazy , " he said . "  A lot of people have turned it into something it was n't intended to be , but that 's the beautiful thing about artistic interpretation . " Beeler said he hopes it 's a wake-up call to the motorcycle industry that female riders might be attracted by a more balanced approach to marketing . "  If you want more gender equality in the consumer base , we have to have more gender equality in marketing and the way you 're approaching things , " he said . "  Gender roles are still an issue that people find relevant , and I think that 's why we saw it getting picked up in niches and exploding from there . "	Photo set of men posing on a Ducati motorcycle goes viral To some , the images are a welcome departure from the "  girl on bike " trope Images created partly in response to negative reaction to images of female models
CNN  -- "  I killed that lady , " the 10-year-old boy told a Pennsylvania state trooper , after a 90-year-old woman was found dead in the home of the boy 's grandfather . Tristen Kurilla , a fifth grader , made the chilling confession Saturday , police said , after his mother brought him to the Pennsylvania State Police Barracks in Honesdale , about 140 miles north of Philadelphia . Now , Kurilla is being held at the Wayne County Correctional Facility and charged as an adult with criminal homicide , the Wayne County district attorney 's office said . The boy is separated from adult offenders and is being constantly supervised , CNN affiliate WBRE reported . The boy admitted to grabbing a wooden cane , holding it against 90-year-old Helen Novak 's throat for several seconds and punching her in the throat and stomach , according to the police affidavit . Kurilla told police he was angry at Novak because she had yelled at him when he entered her room . He said he wanted to ask her a question . Were you trying to kill her ? the trooper asked the boy . "  No , I was only trying to hurt her , " Kurilla replied , according to the affidavit . The boy was ordered to be held without bail after his arraignment and is set to appear in court October 22 . Bernie Brown , his lawyer , said he was petitioning the court to get the fifth-grade Damascus Elementary School student out of jail , WBRE reported . "  Tristen really kind of does n't have an idea of what is going on , " Brown told the station . Brown added , "  Jail is still jail , no matter what part of the facility you are in . " Brown also can petition a judge to transfer the case to juvenile court . Janine Edwards , Wayne County district attorney , said Pennsylvania law made it mandatory "  that a criminal homicide charge be first directly filed in adult court by the prosecutor regardless of the age of the perpetrator , " WBRE reported . "  It is not a choice I made , " she told the station , adding that a juvenile detention center will not accept a child charged with homicide . "  It 's not a choice the warden made . It 's not a choice Pennsylvania State Police made . " The age of the defendant was unusual , she told the station . "  That 's not something I 've seen , " she said . "  I 'm not sure how many times that 's been seen in Pennsylvania or not . " Police were initially called to the home of Kurilla 's grandfather , Anthony Virbitsky , in Damascus Township on Saturday morning with a report that an elderly woman had died there , the affidavit said . Virbitsky was the woman 's caretaker , authorities said . The county coroner responded to the home , found Novak 's body and transported it to the morgue , the affidavit stated . A few hours later , the boy 's mother , Martha Virbitsky , appeared at the state police post with her son and told Trooper John Decker that the boy had confessed to killing Novak , the affidavit said . The boy 's mother told police that she "  has had a lot of trouble with Tristen and that he has some mental difficulties " and had been violent in the past , the affidavit said . Kurilla had told his grandfather that Novak was bleeding from the mouth , but denied having done anything to her , Decker wrote in the affidavit . Anthony Virbitsky told police he checked on Novak but found no blood , although she was breathing heavily . He asked her if she wanted to go to a hospital , the affidavit said , but she refused . When he went to check on her less than an hour later , she was dead , Virbitsky told police , and then his grandson confessed that he had hit her . An autopsy performed Monday discovered "  blunt force trauma to Novak 's neck " and her death was ruled a homicide , the district attorney 's statement said . Some residents in Damascus Township took issue with locking up the boy in the county jail . "  I know they see a lot of things but I do n't think that they understand what they 're doing , " Kristy Tirney told WBRE . "  I do n't know . "	NEW : Boy 's lawyer says his client "  really kind of does n't have an idea of what is going on " Tristen Kurilla , 10 , is charged with homicide as an adult Police say the boy admitted killing Helen Novak , 90 , after she yelled at him Kurilla told police he grabbed a cane and put it against Novak 's throat and punched her
It is sheer panic in the woman 's voice on the cell phone video as the flames shot out of the windows of the wood frame home : "  There 's a man in there ! " The next sound on the video is a loud explosion , likely the propane tank of a barbeque grill . "  We got ta get the dad , " screams the woman . The explosion forced two men who were trying to reach the trapped man away from the home . Seconds later , a man in a blue Los Angeles Dodgers cap jogs out with a 73-year-old man slung over his shoulder . "  Oh thank God ! " says the woman who is recording the video , her relief as striking as her fear just seconds earlier . The elderly man is stunned as the man in the blue cap lowers him . He 's wearing tubes that appear to help him breathe . We later learn he was attached to an oxygen tank , highly explosive in a house fire . On the video , you can see other people on the street run up to assist him . What you do n't see is the moment the man in the blue cap disappears , vanishing before firefighters arrive or anyone gets his name . "  I did n't see him , " says Beth Lederach , the woman who recorded the dramatic weekend fire and rescue on her cell phone . "  He went on his way , just disappeared . " Lederach , as she reviewed her video , saw something even more extraordinary . In the seconds before the explosion of the propane tank , you can see the man in the blue cap calmly walk towards the burning home , flames nearing 20 feet high . The explosion that forced others away from the house did n't stop the man in the blue cap . "  He calmly walks in there , calmly . Then here he comes , carrying the dad , " recalls Lederach . Then he vanished . For 48 hours , the Fresno fire department and local reporters hunted for the mysterious hero , flashing his image all over area news outlets . Who was he ? Why would he dive into a burning home , save a man and then not stay long enough for even a simple "  thank you " ? "  There 's over half a million people in Fresno and this guy 's picture is all over the news and nobody could find him , " says Fresno fire department spokesman Koby Johns . While the fire department urges people to not dive into the middle of a fire for their own safety , Johns ca n't help but be impressed by seeing ordinary people at their best . "  For a civilian to do that , it 's truly remarkable . There are some people , wired in such a way that when that moment presents itself , they do n't think about self-preservation . They think about help . That 's what makes them heroes . " Several men appeared to help the elderly man , all of whom came forward in the first 24 hours . But the mystery lingered ... who was the man in the blue Dodgers cap ? Perhaps the man who wanted to know most was Robert Wells , the 73-year-old man who was carried to safety on the man 's back . "  He snatched me up and away we went . Bouncing on his back , hands like this , wow . That was one helluva ride . " I met Wells at the Red Roof Inn , the day before he and his were going to have to leave . Out of money and distraught about where to go , Wells , his daughter and granddaughter said the fire destroyed everything they owned . Wells has only about 25 % lung capacity , as the result of COPD and emphysema . They are clearly struggling . But Wells was quick to point out he did n't lose his life , thanks to a heroic act of a man he 'd never met . What he hoped for most was to say thank you to the mystery man . "  He 's gon na be on my mind the rest of my life , " says Wells . It appeared the man would never be found , that this might become Fresno folklore . But in this age , social media has a way of making sure all secrets are uncovered . It 's a little unclear exactly how it happened , but a Facebook post from a relative of the man in the blue cap mentioned he knew the hero . Local reporters pounced . Tom Artiaga groaned as the reporters starting banging on his door . "  I did n't want the glory , " he says sheepishly , wearing the same blue Dodgers cap he had on as he walked calmly towards Wells ' burning home . "  I do n't want it . " Artiaga can barely look at me as I prod him , so uncomfortable is he talking about himself . Artiaga says he was driving by when he saw the fire and heard the screaming about the trapped man inside . He parked his white truck and walked slowly towards the fire . The 49-year-old devoted husband , father of three and grandfather of five did n't think about what he had to lose . A man who spends his free time helping out elderly people in his neighborhood with their gardens naturally thought about what he could do to help . "  That 's when the explosion went , " he says . "  I just ducked , and seen the old man in the yard . He was on that machine . He could n't walk . " Artiaga , whose stocky and muscular frame still reflects his younger years as an athlete , knew he could easily carry the elderly man out . "  I put him on my shoulder . Picked him up . Let 's go . " As Artiaga lowered Wells from his shoulder , he saw Beth Lederach recording the rescue on her cell phone . In the same way his instinct was to walk towards Wells , Artiaga decided to walk away . Artiaga saw his picture in the paper and the video on the local news . He could n't escape the video that was flying across Facebook and Twitter . He hoped his wife would n't find out because he did n't tell her . He hoped the story would fade and he could go back to his job as a delivery man for a liquor company , without anyone connecting the video to him . "  Why , " I ask . "  Most of us liked to be thanked . " Artiaga 's eyes begin to fill with emotion . "  We have to help each other out . We kill each other . We fight . We got ta help each other out . I do n't feel like a hero . If it was someone else , I 'd help them , too . "	Stunning video captures dramatic rescue from burning home Despite intense publicity , mysterious hero almost was n't identified Tom Artiaga says he does n't feel like a hero
CNN  -- A convicted sex offender who was sentenced to death for killing a 9-year-old Idaho boy is scheduled to be arraigned Monday on charges related to the killing of a 10-year-old California boy . Joseph Edward Duncan III will answer charges in the 1997 abduction and murder of Anthony Martinez . Joseph Edward Duncan III is expected to appear in court in Riverside County , California , to answer to charges in the 1997 abduction and murder of Anthony Martinez , said a spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney 's office . Investigators have charged Duncan with murder in Anthony 's death . Law-enforcement officials also are investigating whether Duncan , who committed his first sexual offense at the age of 12 , can be tied to other crimes , according to CNN affiliate KTLA in Los Angeles , California . Martinez was kidnapped on April 4 , 1997 from an alley near his home in the city of Beaumont , the station reported ; the boy 's naked body was discovered a little over two weeks later . Duncan has confessed to killing Martinez and crushing the boy 's head with a rock , KTLA reported , citing court documents . Authorities reportedly discovered the boy 's body by following vultures to a remote section of a nearby canyon . The body was partially buried under a pile of rocks and bound with duct tape , according to KTLA . Duncan , a high school dropout and drifter , was sentenced to death last August for the torture and murder of Dylan Groene , a 9-year-old Idaho boy . He was convicted of kidnapping Dylan and his then 8-year-old sister before torturing them at a remote campsite and fatally bludgeoning members of their family . In 2007 , Duncan pleaded guilty to murder and kidnapping counts in state court for the hammer-attack murders of three other Groene family members . If convicted of murdering Martinez , Duncan can be sentenced to death again .	Joseph Duncan committed his first sexual offense at the age of 12 He was sentenced to death last August for the murder a 9-year-old boy Duncan could be sentenced to death a second time if convicted again
CNN  It 's enough to make Mulder and Scully seethe with envy . Nearly 130,000 pages of declassified Air Force files on UFO investigations and sightings are now available in one place online . Declassified government records about UFOs have long existed on microfilm in the National Archives in Washington , DC . Many of them also live on websites devoted to the topic , sometimes free , sometimes not . But UFO enthusiast John Greenewald says his database , Project Blue Book Collection , is the first to compile every single declassified document from the Blue Book project -- headquartered at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio from 1947 to 1969 -- in one place for anyone to search or download for free . The collection consists of files from Project Blue Book , Project Sign and Project Grudge , the names given to official investigations into unidentified flying objects by the United States military . Greenewald 's efforts are not motivated by a close encounter or personal experience with unidentified flying objects . He says he 's just driven by curiosity . "  I 'm a history buff . I think this stuff should be accessible , " he said . "  Secrets are not bad things ; I think we should know about this and it should be in history books . " Greenewald started requesting information related to Project Blue Book through the Freedom of Information Act 15 years ago . His interest was piqued by the first case he received information on about a 1970 UFO incident in Iran , after Project Blue Book ended . "  It defied explanation , " he said , "  and 5,000 FOIAs later my curiosity has n't gone away . " The collection contains 10,000 PDFs , each representing a different case . The files include the details of some of the most famous UFO cases , including the Exeter incident , the Kenneth Arnold sighting and the Mantell crash . Still , Greenewald believes the contents are "  just the tip of the iceberg . " "  It 's all a puzzle , " he said . "  Just when you think you 've got all the pieces to make a picture , you realize it 's only a piece of a bigger puzzle . " The Blue Book project was discontinued after a joint review concluded that no significant information had come from it , according to declassified documents on the National Archives website . Specifically , the review said no UFO "  reported , investigated and evaluated " ever gave "  any indication of threat to our national security . " Nor did the investigations suggest that the sightings "  represent technological developments or principles beyond the range of present-day scientific knowledge , " a 1985 Wright-Patterson fact sheet said . "  Since Project BLUE BOOK was closed , nothing has happened to indicate that the Air Force ought to resume investigating UFOs . " Greenewald is not so sure -- especially not after viewing all the documents , which are full of blacked-out material . If the U.S. military ca n't identify some unidentified flying objects , then who can , he wonders ? And what are they ? "  The biggest takeaway for me is do n't believe the company line , " he said . "  I think something big is going on . How big , I do n't think anyone will know for quite some time because government continues to make the rules . "  It 's a hard game to when they make the rules and they 're the referee . "	Project Blue Book Collection contains nearly 130,000 pages of investigations into UFOs Project Blue Book , based in Ohio , lasted from 1947 to 1969 The documents were put in one place online for the first time
CNN  -- As the fallout continues from the release of thousands of diplomatic cables on the WikiLeaks website , Turkey 's prime minister is threatening to file a lawsuit over comments made about him in one of the messages by the U.S. ambassador to his country . Recep Tayyip Erdogan says he plans to sue over remarks from then-Ambassador Eric Edelman in 2004 suggesting that the prime minister concealed his wealth in Swiss bank accounts . Visibly angry , Erdogan told an audience in Ankara , Turkey , Wednesday that he wanted the U.S. administration to take action against the diplomats who had "  slandered " him . "  The United States should ask its diplomats to make an explanation because no diplomat can accuse a country with slanders and misinterpretations , " he said . "  This is the United States ' problem , not ours ... Those who have slandered us will be crushed under these claims , will be finished and will disappear , " Erdogan said later , according to Turkish media reports . In a cable dated December 12 , 2004 , the U.S. ambassador in Ankara at the time wrote a less-than-flattering profile of Erdogan , who had recently become prime minister amid anxiety among Western governments about his "  Islamist tendencies . " The note sent to Washington by Edelman said the new prime minister 's "  hunger for power reveals itself in a sharp authoritarian style and deep distrust of others . " Erdogan 's advisors were characterized as "  sycophantic  but contemptuous  " in the missive . The cable also spoke of the prime minister 's "  susceptibility to Islamist theories . " "  He indulges in pronounced pro-Sunni prejudices and in emotional reactions that prevent the development of coherent , practical domestic or foreign policies , " the cable added . CNN calls to Edelman for comment were not immediately returned . The cable then discussed the alleged bank accounts . While apparently offering no evidence they existed , it continued : "  We have heard from two contacts that Erdogan has eight accounts in Swiss banks ; his explanations that his wealth comes from the wedding presents guests gave his son and that a Turkish businessman is paying the educational expenses of all four Erdogan children in the U.S. purely altruistically are lame . " Erdogan vowed to resign if it could be shown he had bank accounts in Switzerland . "  I do n't have a God 's penny in Swiss banks to prove . Now , I am telling the leader of the opposition and others , if such a thing would be proven , I would not stay in this position , I would not remain a parliamentarian . "	Erdogan calls on the U.S. to take action against those who "  slandered " him He says he has no money in Swiss accounts A U.S. diplomatic cable painted a less-than-flattering portrait of the prime minister
CNN  -- The United Nations , citing reports of cluster bombs being used by the Ukrainian government , calls the apparent use of such weapons "  extremely alarming . " Human Rights Watch issued a report Monday that cited "  widespread use of cluster munitions " by government forces against pro-Russian rebels in southeastern Ukraine in early October . The explosives injured dozens and killed at least six , including civilians as well as an employee of the International Committee of the Red Cross , according to HRW . "  The reports of use of cluster bombs are obviously extremely alarming , " Stephane Dujarric , spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , said Tuesday . "  The secretary-general reiterates his call for an end to use of these indiscriminate weapons and the importance of a world free of cluster bombs . " Cluster munitions are rockets or bombs that hold dozens or hundreds of smaller bombs inside and are designed to discharge over a wide area when they hit the ground , according to HRW . The dispersal area of the armaments inside is often the size of a football field and puts both combatants and civilians at risk . The rockets that do not explode remain active and are a "  life-threatening hazard for civilians long after conflict , " the U.N. website says . Ukraine 's envoy at the United Nations denounced such reports . The Ukrainian army "  has never used cluster munition at the ATO  antiterrorist operation  area in the Eastern Ukraine , " Yuriy Sergeyev , Ukrainian Ambassador to the United Nations tweeted Tuesday , citing the official Ministry of Defense statement . Investigators surveyed more than a dozen urban and rural locations during a weeklong trip in October during which they looked at dispersal of munitions and documented the unopened , malfunctioned bombs , according to the report . "  Witnesses also told us what it sounded like when the attack happened , that it was multiple smaller explosions which is typical of a cluster munitions attack , instead of single , larger ones , " said Ole Solvang , senior researcher at Human Rights Watch . The report added that though there is no conclusive evidence , it is likely that anti-government forces are also responsible for cluster munitions attacks . "  I think it is also an occasion to reiterate the  U.N. secretary-general 's  call for a political solution for the current crisis in Ukraine , " said Dujarric . In recent months , the United States and the European Union have placed sanctions against Russia over its "  illegal actions in Ukraine , " Obama said in September . Kiev and the West accuse Russian President Vladimir Putin of arming and supporting the pro-Russia rebels , and of sending Russian troops into Ukraine over recent months . In 2008 , over 100 countries in the United Nations signed on to ban cluster bombs , according to the U.N. website . Ukraine and Russia did not sign the agreement .	A Red Cross worker was among civilians injured by apparent cluster explosives in Ukraine A new report cites "  widespread " use of cluster bombs by Ukrainian forces fighting rebels A Ukrainian diplomat denies his army uses such weapons Cluster bombs send out dozens , sometimes hundreds , of secondary explosives
CNN  -- Nora Ephron , the screenwriter and director whose sharp , edgy romantic comedies featuring strong women took her to the top ranks of a film industry mostly dominated by men , has died . She was 71 . Ephron died Tuesday surrounded by relatives at a New York hospital , where she was undergoing treatment for acute myeloid leukemia , her family said in a statement . The best of Nora Ephron She wore many hats : essayist , playwright , journalist , novelist , an Oscar-nominated screenwriter and a movie director . An accomplished screenwriter , her romantic comedies featured strong but appealing characters who tackled relationship issues with a comic insight into their situations . They included box office hits "  When Harry Met Sally " and "  Sleepless in Seattle , " both of which earned her screenwriting Oscar nominations . Ephron mourned as ` brilliant ' writer , humorist She also received an Oscar nomination for "  Silkwood , " the story of anti-nuclear activist Karen Silkwood . "  An amazingly talented girl who was able to accomplish everything she set her mind to with great style and will be missed enormously , " actor Martin Landau said in a statement . Ephron also wrote and directed "  Julie & Julia , " which earned Meryl Streep a best actress Oscar nomination in 2010 . "  What a loss . A magnificent spirit and voice . She changed romantic comedy forever , " actress Debra Messing said . Ephron was born on May 19 , 1941 , into a family of writers . Her parents , Henry and Phoebe Ephron , wrote screenplays for "  Carousel , " "  Desk Set " and "  There 's No Business Like Show Business . " From the archives : Nora Ephron 's best advice While her parents ' works live on through movie rentals and classic film channels , perhaps the elder Ephrons ' true legacy is their daughters . Nora Ephron made her directorial debut with the 1992 comedy , "  This Is My Life , " which she co-wrote with her sister , Delia . Both sisters also put together a production fashioned around Ilene Beckerman 's best-selling book "  Love , Loss and What I Wore . " Ephron believes her parents ' humor was a big part of her productions . "  They were funny and they believed that everything was copy , " Ephron said in 2009 . "  They believed that anything in life could be turned into a story , which is really the first rule of humor . I do n't think you can get through almost anything without humor . " She married screenwriter Nicholas Pileggi in 1987 , eight years after she divorced investigative reporter Carl Bernstein . Her failed marriage to Bernstein was the basis of her book and movie , "  Heartburn . " From the archives : A story told through clothes and Ephrons "  I feel bad for the people who do n't at some point understand that there 's something funny in even the worst things that can happen to you , " Ephron said . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Ephron 's stories set in his city are classics . "  You 've Got Mail " and "  Sleepless in Seattle , " her romantic comedies starring Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan , were among her movies that featured a lot of the city 's iconic buildings as a backdrop . "  The loss of Nora Ephron is a devastating one for New York City 's arts and cultural community , " Bloomberg said in a statement . "  From her earliest days at New York City 's newspapers to her biggest Hollywood successes , Nora always loved a good New York story , and she could tell them like no one else . " Female writers to Nora Ephron : ` I 'll have what she 's having ' In addition to making movies , Ephron also tackled writing in many other forms . Her essays include "  I Remember Nothing " and "  Crazy Salad . " She also wrote the 2002 play , "  Imaginary Friends . " Three years ago , Ephron provided a list of some of the best advice she 's ever got . It included "  life is too short " and "  location , location , location , " an appropriate sentiment for a director whose romantic comedies focused on seizing the moment in major metropolitan cities . People we 've lost in 2012 : the lives they lived Do you have memories connected to Nora Ephron 's works ? Share with us in the comments below and on CNN iReport .	Ephron , 71 , is known for creating strong female characters in her stories She got Oscar nominations for screenplays , including "  When Harry Met Sally " She also directed "  Julie & Julia , " which earned Meryl Streep an Oscar nomination "  She changed romantic comedy forever , " actress Debra Messing says
The drive from Tallinn to Auvere in North-Eastern Estonia was long and dark . The winter sun had yet to rise and we saw little of the outside world from our misty car windows . But as we arrived at Narva , Estonia 's border with Russia , a picture began to form of the economic strength of this region . In front of us , swaths of land were being bitten into and scooped up by colossal Soviet diggers . That 's because underneath this grey-brown land is a soft-brown sedimentary rock that is rich in oil . But unlike shale oil and shale gas which is drilled and often associated with fracking , oil shale is found in rocks just 30 metres underground . Read more : General Electric exec to Europe : Open your borders , create jobs The rock is blasted and crushed , before releasing oil when heated . It will then be burned to create electric power or processed even further to produce liquid fuel . They have so much of the stuff here -- 18 million tonnes are mined here every year -- that they are completely energy independent . Eesti Energia 's CEO , Sandor Liive , tells me that around 90 % of the power produced in Estonia is made of oil shale and they even have enough to provide for their neighbors . Read more : How saffron could save Greek farmers "  Our production of electricity in Estonia is 11 terrawatts . Estonia consumes less than eight terrawats , so we are a very strong electricity exporter today . " But this is not a new industry for Estonia . Read more : Driverless cars : From Hollywood to real world They have been squeezing rocks here for a century and , now that they 're making money , companies such as Eesti Energia are investing heavily on new plants , Liive told me . "  Commercial utilization of oil shale started nearly 100 years ago . Estonia got our independence in 1918 and actually Estonia independence is very much close links with the oil shale industry , because in 1924 we already had oil plants in operation , and even gasoline was produced , " he said . "  As you can see from here , during last three years , we have invested one billion euros here . So this is not only 100 years of history but this is actually modernization and continuous development of technology and new investments . " Read more : Spain 's booming Rioja economy During our visit here , one of their proudest achievements -- the Enefit 280 oil shale plant , which will double output of kerogen oil -- was already taking shape . But talk of new plants , more open-cast pits and more shifting of land makes environmentalist cringe . Valdur Lahtvee is one of those calling for Estonia to ditch this primitive way of mining , arguing that there are enough renewable resources in the country to have 100 % power supply based on renewables . Watch more : Maastricht : The birthplace of the euro He should know -- he used to work at Eesti Energia . Now , he 's the Director of Climate and Energy Programme at Stockholm 's Environment Institute . "  Oil shale is the dirtiest fuel used today in European Union . The external cost of the oil shale power is 18 euro cents , coal is about is 10 cents per kw hour , wind is 0.4 euro cents -- that gives you a picture of the ecological footprint of the oil shale used , " he told me . Watch more : A history of defaulting on debt "  Oil shale industry contributes approximately 4 % of Estonia 's GDP , but , at the same time , total national emissions it provides 90 % of the hazardous waste , about 80 % of the major air emissions and 70/80 % of the water used . So , it has a really huge impact to the environment . " It 's a charge that I put to Eesti Energia 's CEO who counter-argued by telling me that for the land they shift is replanted with trees . One thing is very clear , the environmental impact is very predictable . Off course , we mine , we have some mining impact -- we move the land , but we put it back and we plant a lot of trees . I think in -LSB- the -RSB- energy business anyway , and in any industry , -LSB- there is -RSB- an environmental impact , even in the wind turbine has an environmental impact . " He continued : "  Yes , they do n't emit Co2 in the place where you produce electricity but you know a lot of environmental impact has been done getting metals , transporting it and building it . I think it 's very important in the oil shale case that you know what you get , you know that this environmental impact is very predictable . " Read more : Bumpy road ahead for London cabbie business The problem is Estonia wo n't want to let go of its oil shale dependence , because it 's competitive . It 's cheaper than Russian gas , onshore and offshore wind . On top of that , it would cost companies too much to change their Soviet infrastructure . And then there is political pressure , Lahtvee told me . "  There is biomass , there is a nice wind condition , we are a coastal country , by the Baltic sea so there is a lot of wind . But mainly the question is we have inherited these power production systems , these power plants ; it 's much more costly to replace . " Lahtvee pointed to political pressure , too . "  Elections are every four years , and the voters will ask what will happen with their electricity or their energy costs . Politicians always try to answer that "  we keep the power prices down . " Therefore , the system stays without major changes . " But these advantages may not last . Estonia 's oil shale gamble assumes that oil prices will remain high , and that the price they pay the European Union for carbon emissions remains low . This may be the case  carbon is hovering around four euros a tonne  . But some in the European parliament are calling for prices to be pushed back up as much as fifty euros a tonne , a price that could be damaging for a business like this one which has built itself mostly on shale . While Liive may be worried about oil prices and emission costs , he tells me it 's not enough to make him lose sleep . So , for the time being , Eesti Energia is powering on . Its international arm Enefit is betting on shale selling beyond its borders , with a plant in Jordan and recently bought land in the U.S. state of Utah . A risky strategy . But if shale does stay strong , Estonia could win big .	Estonia is using oil shale to generate energy . Oil shale is found in rocks just 30 metres underground Oil shale industry contributes approximately 4 % of Estonia 's GDP . 90 % of the power produced in Estonia is made of oil shale . 18 million tonnes are mined of oil shale every year-that in Auvere in North-Eastern Estonia .
CNN  -- Can killer whales sue SeaWorld for enslavement ? A lawsuit filed Wednesday by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals and other "  next friends " of five SeaWorld killer whales takes that novel legal approach . The 20-page complaint asks the U.S. District Court in Southern California to declare that the five whales -- Tilikum , Katina , Corky , Kasatka , and Ulises -- are being held in slavery or involuntary servitude in violation of the 13th Amendment . A PETA statement said the lawsuit is the first of its kind in contending that constitutional protections against slavery are not limited to humans . "  Plaintiffs were forcibly taken from their families and natural habitats , are held captive at SeaWorld San Diego and SeaWorld Orlando , denied everything that is natural to them , subjected to artificial insemination or sperm collection to breed performers for defendants ' shows , and forced to perform , all for defendants ' profit , " the lawsuit says , arguing that those conditions amount to enslavement and/or forced servitude . A SeaWorld statement called the lawsuit a baseless publicity stunt by PETA , which is known for provocative advertisements and public demonstrations on behalf of animal rights . At the heart of the lawsuit is the question of whether a non-human entity can sue for a violation of constitutional rights . The 13th Amendment outlaws slavery and "  involuntary servitude " in the United States without any specific mention that it applies only to people . "  Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude , except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted , shall exist within the United States , or any place subject to their jurisdiction , " says the amendment 's first section . In its statement , PETA called the lawsuit "  the first ever seeking to apply the Thirteenth Amendment to non-human animals . " The lawsuit seeks an order for the release of the whales "  from bondage " and a permanent order against holding them in slavery , as well as appointment of a legal guardian to carry out the transfer of the whales to a suitable habitat . In addition , it seeks attorneys ' fees and costs . The "  next friends " joining PETA in representing the killer whales are three marine mammal experts , including Ric O'Barry , who was featured in the Academy Award-winning documentary "  The Cove " about dolphin-hunting in Japan , and two former Sea World trainers . Their lawsuit contends killer whales -- Orcinus orca , the largest species of the dolphin family -- "  possess sophisticated learning , problem solving , and communicative abilities , " as well as "  distinctive cultural traits . " In a statement responding to the lawsuit , SeaWorld Parks and Entertainment said the court case challenges "  the public 's right to enjoy and learn more about marine mammals . " "  This effort to extend the Thirteenth Amendment 's solemn protections beyond human beings is baseless and in many ways offensive , " the statement says . SeaWorld is "  among the world 's most respected zoological institutions , " it continues , adding that SeaWorld parks "  are fully accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums and the Alliance of Marine Mammal Parks and Aquariums " with legal permission to display marine mammals . "  PETA has once again showed that it prefers publicity stunts to the hard work of caring for , rescuing and helping animals , " the SeaWorld statement said . State and federal courts have traditionally understood laws dealing with animal ownership and cruelty as applying only to human actions , meaning the animals themselves could neither be prosecuted nor act as plaintiffs or defendants . That would include litigation and legislation involving hunting and breeding of animals and plants , as well as zoo and circus displays .	PETA : This is the first lawsuit seeking constitutional protection against slavery for non-humans The complaint alleges that five killer whales are SeaWorld slaves SeaWorld calls the lawsuit a baseless publicity stunt
Plans to adopt Chinese civic education into the Hong Kong public school curriculum have sparked protests among residents , who claim it amounts to "  brainwashing " impressionable young minds with pro-mainland propaganda . More than 90,000 people took to the streets on Sunday against introducing a "  Moral and National Education " subject , according to protest organizers , while police estimated the turnout at 32,000 . While the actual content of the curriculum has yet to be determined , guidelines in a booklet distributed by the government 's National Education Services Centre to schools have inflamed the controversy . The booklet , entitled "  The China Model , " includes provocative statements , including that China 's ruling party is "  progressive , selfless and united . " It also criticized multi-party systems as bringing disaster to countries such as the United States . The booklet also makes no mention of major events that many view as integral to China 's history , such as the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre . Many teachers , parents , and students have interpreted the booklet as a basis for the national education curriculum , which will be introduced in primary schools in September and in secondary schools the following school year . "  We do n't want the next generation of Hong Kong people to be brainwashed , " said Joshua Wong , 15 , the convener of Scholarism , a group of secondary students that helped organize Sunday 's protest along with the National Education Parents Concern Group and the Professional Teachers ' Union . "  It 's impossible to be brainwashed , " said Wong Chi Man , who directs the National Education Services Centre . "  Hong Kong people still have access to a lot of information . All education is , to some extent , designed to brainwash . I think the word ` brainwash ' is too negative . It evokes something out of ` Clockwork Orange . ' " "  Hong Kong 's future and China 's future are inseparable , " he added . "  We will never be independent so we should learn to think the same way as China . Teachers should lead our children to think about Hong Kong 's future . " Wong went on to explain that there will be some flexibility as to how national education will be implemented . For example , schools can choose to have specific lessons in the classroom or incorporate "  national education " as a broader theme . "  It 's important to point out the government 's approach actually allows for a lot of autonomy on the part of the schools to teach the curriculum , " said Peter Cheung , associate professor at the University of Hong Kong 's Department of Politics and Public Administration . "  So it 's up to the schools to teach what they want to teach with reference to these very general guidelines . " "  Some of the critics want specific topics to be discussed , but the government approach does n't preclude specific topics to be discussed at all , " Cheung said . "  I do n't think the government is really going to supervise the specific teaching of this subject , " he added , predicting , "  There will be a pluralistic way of teaching the same subject . " The controversy followed major protests in the last two months that underscored tensions over the influence of the Chinese central government in Hong Kong 's affairs and freedoms . The annual vigil held on June 4 to commemorate the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre drew a record turnout of 180,000 , according to organizers . Police reported the figure was closer to 85,000 . By even the most conservative estimates , there were 15,000 more attendees than last year . On the July 1 annual protest marking Hong Kong 's return to Chinese sovereignty , 400,000 people took to the streets to oppose Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying , who was recently appointed by an electoral college of 1,200 influential figures in Hong Kong with Beijing 's approval . Public anger was also inflamed by the suspicious death of Tiananmen dissident Li Wangyang It was the largest turnout since the estimated 500,000 protesters who marked the same date in 2003 . Police put the figure at a much lower 63,000 people . "  The demonstrations and the concerns about the national education reflect the continuing anxiety of the Hong Kong people toward the mainland 's politics and growing influence on Hong Kong affairs , " said Professor Cheung . The uproar over the national education subject is reflective of anxieties being aggravated by the new government under Leung , which he said "  lacks legitimacy in the eyes of many people . " "  C.Y. Leung without a doubt reflects a much more pro-Beijing background . If the curriculum was introduced by a more neutral administration , the issue may play out differently . " Cheung said that the introduction of a national education subject should come as no surprise , as the government has publicized its plans for many years . The Education Bureau launched a four-month public consultation in May 2011 , and government plans to develop a moral and national education subject were included in former Chief Executive Donald Tsang 's 2010-11 annual policy address in October 2010 . "  It 's not a secret -- it begs the questions why some of the protesters and organizers have n't paid attention before , " said Cheung . Activists have been campaigning on the issue for the past year , and Sunday 's protest was a culmination of frustrations over government inaction , said Wong from Scholarism . He said the student group has recruited more than 5,000 volunteers and will continue to press the government to scrap the national education subject . If the government does not take action by September 3 , Wong said students would boycott classes and teachers would boycott the subject in their classrooms .	Introduction of Chinese civic education into Hong Kong public school curriculum sparked protests Hong Kongers claim "  Moral and National Education " subject amounts to "  brainwashing " youth Government curriculum guidelines said China 's ruling party is "  progressive , selfless and united " Controversy reflects ongoing anxieties toward Beijing 's influence in Hong Kong 's affairs
CNN  -- Politician , human rights campaigner and longest-serving first lady ; Eleanor Roosevelt was a force to be reckoned with . Initially famous for her marriage to her fifth cousin once removed -- President Franklin D. Roosevelt , who served four terms in office -- Eleanor showed she was different to many other first ladies of the era . Not content simply to accompany her powerful spouse at events , Eleanor held her own press conferences , spoke at national conventions and remained active in politics even after her husband 's death . Her achievements include serving as the first chair of the UN Commission on Human Rights and chairing John F. Kennedy 's Presidential Commission on the Status of Women . A new documentary of seven episodes by Ken Burns , which aired on PBS stations in the U.S. in September , focuses on three members of the Roosevelt family ; Theodore , Franklin and Eleanor . The series , called ` The Roosevelts : An intimate history , ' started airing in the UK on Sunday October 19 and can be seen on the next six Sundays on PBS America  Sky 534 and Virgin 243 . Fifty-two years after her death , Eleanor 's timeless wit lives on in quotation form , the best of which can be seen in the gallery above . Quiz : 10 female scientists you should know Read : Jo Malone 's ` million dollar nose ' Watch : Could this ` chemist ' run Walmart ?	A new PBS documentary by Ken Burns highlights the family life of Eleanor Roosevelt The politician and former first lady is well know for her campaigning and wit 12 quotes from the politician celebrate her wisdom
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Early-morning commuters in much of the Deep South , braced for the possibility of a second round of snow and ice , had an easier-than-expected ride Monday as warmer temperatures kept winter weather at bay . Most winter weather advisories and warnings were canceled early Monday except for portions of northern Alabama and Georgia at higher elevations . However , the advisories and warnings stretched into Ohio and Pennsylvania . Forecasters had warned of an additional 1 to 3 inches of snow accumulation in the South on Sunday night into Monday morning . The Deep South had up to 6 inches of snow in some areas Friday . But "  the accumulating snow that was in last night 's forecast is n't going to happen , " CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said Monday . "  It is now too warm . " As of 5:30 a.m. ET , the temperature in Atlanta was 41 degrees , well above the freezing mark , and rain was falling . Forecasters initially had expected the rain to turn into snow after 1 a.m. Monday . Snow flurries are forecast later Monday as an Arctic front moves through , Morris said , but no accumulation was expected outside mountainous areas . The weather will be "  not nearly as bad as what was forecast , " CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano said . Hundreds of flights were canceled out of Atlanta in anticipation of the newest round of winter weather . Delta Air Lines said Sunday that it was canceling 400 flights from early morning through noon Monday , the majority in the Carolinas , Tennessee and Georgia . AirTran Airways canceled 48 flights scheduled to depart or arrive in Atlanta between 8 and 10 a.m. Monday , and a spokesman said more cancellations were possible . Beleaguered states in the mid-Atlantic region also may catch a break from the heavy snowfall initially predicted . A snow emergency set to take effect Monday morning in Washington will not happen . The National Weather Service was forecasting a slight chance of snow before noon , then a mix of rain and snow , with an above-freezing high of 36 degrees . The area already has shoveled itself out of a season record snowfall of 55.9 inches , according to preliminary National Weather Service estimates . iReport : Share your pictures and videos Slick conditions in Kansas on Sunday caused at least two massive pileups , one of which involved as many as 30 vehicles . Video showed cars , vans and trucks sandwiched on a small bridge , with emergency workers climbing over vehicles to reach the injured . The extent of injuries was not immediately known . Portions of Interstates 70 and 35 were closed for hours , according to the Kansas Department of Transportation . Drivers involved in the I-70 pileup described poor visibility conditions to CNN affiliate KSHB in Kansas City , Missouri . "  It happened too fast , " said motorist Sam Skramstad , who was driving home to Colorado . "  It was just there and I headed for the guardrail and it did n't move . And then I just kept getting nailed from behind . " He said his wife went to the hospital with chest pains after the crash . Friday 's storm system crawled from Texas to the Atlantic Coast , starting before dawn Thursday and lasting until Saturday morning . During that period , 8.8 inches of snow fell on Harkers Island , North Carolina , according to weather service data . Other notable snowfall totals include : 14.9 inches in Duncanville , Texas ; 6 inches in Belleville , Alabama ; 6.1 inches in Shreveport , Louisiana ; 8 inches in DeKalb , Mississippi ; and 7.3 inches in Columbia , South Carolina . As of Friday , according to the National Weather Service , 68.1 percent of the United States was covered with snow , compared with 51.2 percent in January . Every state except Hawaii had some snow cover .	NEW : Most weather advisories canceled Monday except higher elevations in Alabama , Georgia NEW : CNN meteorologist : "  Snow that was in last night 's forecast is n't going to happen " Hundreds of Atlanta flights for Monday were canceled as system approached Slick conditions in Kansas cause at least two massive pileups
CNN  -- A couple of years ago , my daughter and I were playing the classic board game "  Life , " and her little car reached the roadblock at which everybody -- absolutely everybody -- gets married . Needless to say , given a new set of striking statistics last week that showed a record low of 51 % of American adults are married , "  Life " was designed many decades ago . The study by the Pew Research Center further found that 40 % of births these days are to unmarried mothers , and a similar percentage of Americans say marriage is becoming obsolete . My daughter Liliana , who was 8 when we were playing the board game , tossed off this remark as she stuck the tiny blue husband pin into her car : "  When I grow up , I do n't think I 'll get married . I think I 'll just get some sperm . " How we reap what we sow ! Liliana was old enough to know the story of her own origins , and it goes like this : When I turned 39 , still single , I resolved to become a mother on my own and bought eight vials of donor sperm . But then I met her father , Sprax , and he agreed to help me have a baby the old-fashioned way . We went through many ups and downs , even splitting up for a couple of years , but finally realized that we loved each other , got back together and went on to have her baby brother . When Liliana was almost 4 , we got married . So there I was -- the former single mother by choice , the typical Massachusetts type who deeply believes that there are a hundred great ways to make a family and that life can also be wonderful without one -- and I found myself responding to my daughter : "  That would be fine if you just get some sperm , sweetheart , but you know , being married is actually really nice , too . " What happened to me ? What happened to the independent woman who , by the time she married for the first time at age 44 , felt no particular need for a piece of paper from City Hall ? It is this . Day in and out , through lunch-packing and play date-making and bath-running , I am struck by a surprising truth : Though the raising of our children constitutes the central activity of our family , it is the love between Sprax and me that constitutes its ineffable core . That sounds like a traditional religious point of view , but we are not religious . I 've come to this understanding simply as an observer of my own heart and the family dance . It is , apparently , just an emotional fact of life -- at least , of our life . What baffles me is that I was perfectly able to have Liliana without being in a committed , loving relationship with Sprax , and our semi-family life was really quite happy in that formation . We all got along ; Sprax would visit two or three times a week ; Liliana got plenty of love and structure . But since he and I reunited , our bond has become the family 's invisible center , the axis of its spokes . I did not need a husband . But I need him . LZ Granderson : Love and marriage are not the same thing So fine , but what difference do the formal "  bonds of matrimony " make ? Usually you hear people talk about commitment , but I ca n't imagine any greater commitment than sharing children who are still going to need raising for quite a few years . No , what marriage means to me is acceptance , an "  absolute yes " that makes it bearable to be seen at your worst -- exhausted or flu-ridden or carried away by an ugly bout of selfishness . That "  yes " launches the creation of an entity , a union , that exists apart from the daily ebb and flow of difficulties and joys . It is nothing but an abstraction , but , to my amazement , it is the most beautiful thing in our lives . So this is my marital equivalent of "  Yes , Virginia , there is a Santa Claus " : "  Yes , Liliana , you can definitely stay single and you 'll have loads of company . You by no means have to get married . You can definitely have a fabulous life without marriage , and it would certainly be a huge mistake to rush into anything . "  But I can not lie : I wish you all that is best in life , and marriage , when it 's good , can be one of those things . And if you do get married , at your wedding I 'll cry tears of joy -- because I 'll know that you 're about to enter the gates of one of the most magical places in the world . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carey Goldberg .	Carey Goldberg says study shows marriage statistics down but rate of unmarried moms up She says she 'd bought sperm to have baby , then met man who agreed to reproduce with her She says they had ups , downs , split , got back together , had another baby and got married Goldberg tells her daughter : It 's fine to stay single , but marriage is one of the best things in life
CNN  -- More than 1 million babies born prematurely die each year before they are a month old , the March of Dimes said Sunday in the first comprehensive global report on premature births . A premature baby rests at a hospital in Kabul , Afghanistan , in October 2007 . The organization suggested the situation could worsen if the rate of premature births increases . Each year , 12.9 million infants -- or nearly 10 percent of the annual worldwide birth total -- are born before 37 weeks of development in the womb , the organization said . More than 85 percent of the premature births occur in developing countries in Africa and Asia . "  Premature births are an enormous global problem that is exacting a huge toll emotionally , physically and financially on families , medical systems and economies , " March of Dimes President Jennifer Howse said in a statement . "  In the United States alone , the annual cost of caring for preterm babies and their associated health problems tops $ 26 billion . " The March of Dimes report , which used data collected by the World Health Organization , breaks down premature birth rates by continent . The highest premature birth rate is in Africa , where 11.9 percent of births each year are preterm , with more than 4 million premature deliveries annually . In populous Asia , although the preterm birth rate is lower at 9.1 percent , the number of premature births is higher , at nearly 7 million a year . While North America -- consisting of the United States and Canada in this report -- counts fewer than 500,000 premature births a year , its preterm birth rate is close to that of Africa , at 10.6 percent of all births , according to the report . The rate is the world 's second highest . In the United States , the rate of preterm births has increased 36 percent in the past 25 years , with births between the 34th and 36th week of gestation accounting for the majority of the increase , the organization found . Much of the hike in preterm births is linked to more pregnancies after the age of 35 and the use of fertility treatments that can lead to multiple births . "  Wherever trend data are available , rates of preterm birth are increasing , " the report said . Infants who survive premature birth face lifelong health risks , including the possible development of cerebral palsy , blindness , hearing loss , learning disabilities and other chronic conditions , according to the March of Dimes . "  Preterm birth is a global problem that needs greater attention by policymakers , researchers , health care providers , the media , donor organizations and other stakeholders , " the report said . "  The marked disparities in preterm birth along racial/ethnic lines in many high-income countries and the concentration of preterm births in Africa and Asia also clearly indicate that addressing preterm birth is essential for reducing the pronounced inequities in neonatal health and for the world to achieve , " it added . The March of Dimes , a nonprofit agency engaged in pregnancy and baby health research , said some premature births can be prevented by addressing risk factors in mothers , including diabetes , high blood pressure , nutrition , body weight and tobacco and alcohol use . Women who earlier gave birth to a preemie face a greater risk of having another . While doctors know some of the health and behavior factors in mothers that increase the risk of preterm births , doctors have yet to identify a reliable remedy to prevent early labor , said Christopher Howson , vice president for global programs of the March of Dimes . "  While much can be done right now to reduce death and disability from preterm birth even in low-resource settings , we need to know more about the underlying causes of premature birth in order to develop effective prevention strategies , " Howson said .	March of Dimes : Nearly 10 percent of world 's births are premature More than 85 percent of premature births are in developing parts of Africa , Asia But North America has world 's second-highest premature birth rate Doctors have yet to identify a reliable remedy to prevent early labor , group says
CNN  -- A U.S. Customs and Border Protection Officer was behind bars Monday after being arrested for allegedly helping drug traffickers move their product into the United States . The arrest of Jose Luis Zavala , 38 , a CBP officer in Brownsville , Texas , follows an investigation by Homeland Security Investigations and Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General , the CBP said . Zavala has been with the CBP for seven years and is now on administrative leave , the agency said . According to a criminal complaint , Zavala came to the attention of investigators on November 19 , when a van carrying about 3,000 pounds of marijuana tried to enter the United States at the Gateway International Bridge in Brownsville . The 2004 Ford cargo van pulled up into the lane where Zavala was inspecting vehicles , the complaint states , but the van was only inspected after it was selected for a random screening . Inside the van were the 3,000 pounds of marijuana , which , the complaint states "  was not hidden in a compartment or disguised to appear as legitimate cargo . " The random inspection was a decision Zavala could not control . When asked about what happened , Zavala told fellow agents that the driver had a valid ID , and that the driver escaped back to Mexico on foot after being told of the random inspection , the criminal complaint states . Investigators learned that the ID did not belong to the driver , but to another person who agents interviewed on November 22 , according to the complaint . This person , now a confidential source for the government , told investigators that he sold his ID to a drug trafficking organization , and that the group was aided by a U.S. agent , the document states . The interview led to the identification of Zavala as the U.S. agent that the source knew as "  Pepe , " according to the document . The source identified Zavala in a photo , and his description of Zavala 's vehicle matched the truck the agent drives , the complaint says . Among the evidence collected by investigators were some text messages sent to "  Pepe " by the source , with what investigators say was code for when and where to cross . Zavala is facing drug smuggling and corruption charges . "  We do not tolerate corruption or abuse within our ranks , and we fully cooperate with any criminal or administrative investigation of alleged misconduct by any of our personnel , on or off duty , " CBP said in a statement . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Jose Luis Zavala is accused of aiding drug smugglers Investigators say he helped steer smugglers into his lane at international crossings His apparent failure to spot 3,000 pounds of pot in a van raised questions
CNN  -- It 's one of the greatest World Cup scandals and 25 years on Chile return Wednesday to the "  crime scene " that resulted in the South American country being banned from the 1994 World Cup . It 's a story of brazen deceit and shameless subterfuge and had it not been for the photographic skills of just one man , Brazil 's unimpeachable record of being the only side to have competed at every tournament would have been put into serious jeopardy . Victory for either Brazil or Chile in their final qualifier at the Maracana Stadium would have taken them to the 1990 World Cup . With 20 minutes left , Brazil were 1-0 up and looking good for qualification , especially since a draw would also take them through . Then , their world suddenly fell apart . In the Chile penalty area , goalkeeper Roberto Rojas was prostrate on the floor , seemingly hit by a flare that was still fizzing and pumping smoke into the sky just inches from him . As legendary Brazilians Bebeto , Dunga and Careca looked on , Chile 's players rushed towards Rojas -- furiously beckoning the medical staff once they had reached him . With the blood leaking from his head turning his jersey crimson , Rojas was soon carried off the pitch and , as booing filled a bewildered Maracana , the match officials soon abandoned the game . With the flare having been thrown from a Brazilian section of the stadium , football 's greatest superpower -- Brazil has won the World Cup five times -- was facing an unprecedented elimination . "  I was terrorized , " Ricardo Gomes , Brazil captain on the day , told CNN . "  I thought immediately of losing the chance to go to the World Cup . It was something really bad . " Now a football agent , Paulo Teixeira was working as a pitch-side photographer that day . "  Amazing as it may sound , no TV camera caught the moment the flare flew over and supposedly hit the goalkeeper , " he told CNN . "  We photographers were sitting along the side line and saw the flare come over . I was amazed to see Rojas rolling over and bleeding from an eye , as the device had hit the ground about a meter from him . " With neither TV nor photographic evidence to prove otherwise , Brazil were in deep trouble but , wholly unbeknown to them , they were on the wrong side of an enormous hoax . In a planned incident , Rojas -- a highly-respected goalkeeper who was playing for Brazilian side Sao Paulo at the time -- had used a razor blade hidden in his gloves to cut his own head while lying on the floor . It was the most Machiavellian play to ensure Brazil 's elimination , but no one in Brazil had any hope of proving that . Unless evidence could be found . "  Now of course -- with all the cameras on mobile phones around -- it would have been impossible , " said Gomes . "  I missed the shot and so did most of the photographers , " recalled Teixeira . "  But there was one guy by me -- Ricardo Alfieri , a good friend -- and I asked him : ` Ricardo , did you capture the flare ? ' He said : ` Of course , about 4-5 shots . ' " Teixeira immediately realized the huge significance of the shots but in an age when cameras recorded images onto slides , rather than digitally , obstacles remained . "  Ricardo had a problem . He was on assignment for a Japanese magazine and had to send the films to Tokyo -- unprocessed -- the next morning , and the Japanese would only trust their laboratory , " recalled Teixiera of his fellow photographer , who now works for the South American governing body Conmebol . "  I said to Ricardo : ` Listen , you are the only one to have the evidence that Rojas is lying and cheating . I wo n't let you out of my country with those films unprocessed . ' " Just after the game had been abandoned , Teixeira had watched aghast as a Chilean pundit told a local radio station how he had seen the flare hit Rojas , so turning the knife into Brazil 's unprotected back . "  So I found the radio reporter and told him Ricardo had the shots . He put Ricardo live on air and the whole atmosphere changed , " Teixeira recalled . "  Ten minutes later , Brazilian football president Ricardo Teixeira -LSB- no relation -RSB- walked into the dressing room where we were . He was livid -- his face white , black , red , yellow -- all colors . " ` Who has the films ? ' he asked . I have them , I answered . I was the biggest asset on earth at that point and Teixeira was always asking if I was sure about the shots . But I knew I could rely on Alfieri 's word , because he was the best . " So began a frantic -- and equally anxious -- scramble to see if the images really proved that Rojas had cheated . "  It took four hours to warm up and prepare the laboratory . The lab lady was furious -- having been dragged out of her Sunday to work at night , " Teixeira said . While the lab was heating up , so were the deliberations over which agency would get the pictures . With one baulking at Teixeira 's demand for five thousand dollars , the famous Globo network agreed to stump up the sum for the images . "  When the pictures came out , there were four clear shots -- starting with the device flying and then landing one meter away from Rojas .  CBF president  Teixeira was so relieved , " said the agent Teixeira . On the Monday evening , Globo ran the scoop -- showing pictures that proved Rojas ' play-acting -- in a program called "  Jornal Nacional " , a copy of which CBF boss Teixeira showed to FIFA after flying to their headquarters in Switzerland . Satisfied by the documentary evidence , football 's world governing body awarded Brazil a 2-0 technical victory that duly took the nation to the 1990 finals . FIFA ruled that Chile had broken the regulation of leaving the pitch before a game 's conclusion and then issued a final judgment , suspended Chile from the 1994 World Cup . The world governing body also issued a life ban to Rojas from playing football , with Chile 's coach and team doctor receiving a similar ban . Then just 32 , Rojas could continue to work in football however and as he licked his wounds back home in Chile , help came from an unexpected source -- Brazil itself . "  In 1993 , Sao Paulo coach Tele Santana and the club president traveled to the Chilean capital Santiago to ask Roberto to work at the club as the goalkeeping trainer , " Viviane Rojas , his wife , told CNN . Rojas declined an interview request on the grounds of poor health . The 56-year-old , whose FIFA ban was lifted in 2001 , has been awaiting a liver transplant for three years now , after contracting Hepatitis C , and underwent a five-hour operation in March to relieve the accumulation of fluid in his lungs , according to Viviane . Despite his elaborate attempts to deny Brazilians what they consider to be their sporting birth right  i.e. playing at the World Cup  , Viviane says Rojas receives no animosity as they live their life in Sao Paulo . "  Here in Brazil , Roberto has always been loved , " she said . "  The most important thing for Brazilians is that he has , in his interviews , come across as a human being with a very distinct and good character . He has admitted his guilt and been forgiven . "  He showed his strength of character through his work and after training  Sao Paulo  goalkeeper Rogerio Ceni to be one of the best , Roberto also coached Sao Paulo for a brief spell from 2003 -- qualifying the team for the Copa Libertadores . " Viviane 's sentiments are backed up by former Brazil captain Gomes , who bears no malice towards a man who could have stolen his only chance of playing in the World Cup finals . "  I met Rojas many years later and he admitted his mistakes . He is not naughty but that day , he had a lapse -- a really bad decision , " Gomes said . "  Chile had a plan which they had prepared and it was unbelievable , truly unbelievable . "  The strangest thing is they had a good team . " On Wednesday , Chile are back in the Maracana as they continue their 2014 World Cup campaign with their second group game against Spain . Given Spain lost their first game , while Chile won their opener it should be a cracker -- but hopefully without the fireworks of the 1989 game .	Scandal ! How a deceitful plot almost cost Brazil their place at the 1990 World Cup The crime scene : Brazil 's Maracana stadium . The hero : a photographer who would n't be fooled Discover : how a Chilean goalkeeper , a stray flare , and a hidden razor blade fooled officials
CNN  -- Students unhappy with school meals are taking it out on the first lady by sharing images on social media of lunches sarcastically tagged #ThanksMichelleObama . Some of the images depict formless , mushy blobs on a lunch tray . Others show patties on whole-grain buns accompanied by an apple where one could imagine a pile of tater tots residing in earlier times . The complaints focus on taste , texture and portion sizes under new nutrition regulations promoted by the first lady . The standards were implemented as part of Obama 's "  Let 's Move ! " initiative to reduce childhood obesity . They took effect in 2012 with the goal of including more whole grains , vegetables and fruits in school meals while reducing fat and sodium . But students say the changes make the food unpalatable . "  I could understand how it might seem ungrateful if I got this lunch for free . But I do n't , " 17-year-old Hunter Whitney told CNN . "  I feel like many people would be upset too if the lunch they bought looked -LSB- like this -RSB- . " Backlash followed from others who said students were wrong to blame Michelle Obama for the quality of school meals . Instead , they suggested that students direct their grievances at local school districts -- or get their lunches from somewhere else . Whitney , who attends Richland Center High School in Wisconsin , said students deserve better options , especially those who ca n't leave school grounds during the day . "  Because my school has a closed campus , it 's either bring your own , buy low-quality food you do n't like , or go hungry . "	Sarcastic tweets blame Michelle Obama for unappetizing school meals Students share images of meals tagged #ThanksMichelleObama Critics say students should direct complaints at local districts "  It might seem ungrateful if I got this lunch for free . But I do n't , " students says
CNN  -- The parents of a Rutgers University student who committed suicide after his roommate and another student allegedly broadcast online his sexual encounter with another man have notified the school they may sue . Jane and Joseph Clementi say the school should have done more to prevent the death of their son , Tyler . On Friday , they notified the university that they were filing a "  notice of claim , " meant to uphold their right to bring a lawsuit in the coming months , Rutgers spokesman E.J. Miranda said Wednesday . "  Subject to further investigation , it appears that Rutgers University failed to act , failed to put in place and/or failed to implement , and enforce policies and practices that would have prevented or deterred such acts , and that Rutgers failed to act timely and appropriately , " the notice said . A copy of the notice was provided to CNN by the university . Rutgers university responded to the notice with a statement saying that while it shares "  the family 's sense of loss of their son , who was a member of our community , " it also recognizes "  that a grieving family may question whether someone or some institution could somehow have responsibility for their son 's death . " The university is not responsible for his suicide , it said . The body of Tyler Clementi , 18 , was recovered from the Hudson River in September , more than a week after he jumped from the George Washington Bridge , which spans the Hudson River separating New York from New Jersey . Clementi jumped from the bridge after two other Rutgers students allegedly used a web camera to capture a sexual encounter between him and another man and streamed it online . Dharun Ravi , 18 , who was Clementi 's roommate , and Molly Wei , 18 , have been charged with invasion of privacy . Their lawyers have asserted their innocence . Last month , Clementi 's family consented to the use of his name on a piece of anti-harassment federal legislation known as the "  Tyler Clementi Higher Education Anti-Harassment Act . " The proposed law would require schools that receive federal student aid "  to create policies prohibiting the harassment of any student , " said New Jersey Sen. Frank Lautenberg .	Rutgers University student Tyler Clementi committed suicide in September He jumped off a bridge after his sexual encounter with another man was streamed online Clementi 's parents have notified the university they may sue the school Rutgers says it is not responsible for the student 's death
CNN  -- A Somali appeals court has cleared a woman who accused security forces of raping her but upheld the conviction of a journalist who interviewed her . The judge said that journalist Abdiaziz Abdinur Ibrahim had disrespected the country 's law , the New York-based Human Rights Watch said in a Sunday statement , noting that it was unclear exactly what law he broke . His one-year sentence was cut to six months . "  The court acquitted a woman who should never have been charged while upholding an unjust conviction of a journalist , " said Daniel Bekele , the group 's Africa director . "  After this case , who in their right mind would suggest to a victim of government abuse that they report the crime ? Or tell their story to a journalist ? " Both the woman and the journalist were sentenced to one year in prsion by a lower court last month . That court ruled the 27-year-old woman made false rape accusations against security forces during an interview , and in so doing insulted the government . The journalist was found guilty of fabricating a false claim , though he never filed a story , according to rights groups . The alleged rape took place in August . "  The government has argued that justice should run its course in this case , but each step has been justice denied , " Bekele said . "  Quashing the case and unconditionally releasing Abdiaziz Abdinur will show that this government is ready to focus on protecting freedom of expression and encouraging victims of sexual violence to come forward . " The case has sparked international condemnation , prompting Somalia to launch an independent human rights commission . Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon said the commission will investigate . "  Respect for women 's rights and media freedom are fundamental to ensuring the development of a strong , stable and vibrant democracy in Somalia , " the White House said in a statement last month . "  Women should be able to seek justice for rape and other gender-based violence without fear of retribution , and journalists in Somalia must be free to work without being subjected to violence and harassment . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon had called on Somalia to ensure that the journalist and the woman get a fair trial , including the right of appeal . Somali leader wants partial amnesty for boy pirates Four Somalis in U.S. found guilty of supporting terrorists After more than two decades , U.S. recognizes Somali government CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Both the woman and the journalist were sentenced to a year in prison last month A lower court said the woman made false rape accusations and insulted the government Human Rights Watch calls for the journalist to be let go
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- Polls opened Sunday in Myanmar as the nation holds its first election in 20 years -- an electoral contest critics say is aimed at creating a facade of democracy . Riot police could be seen earlier on some streets in the city of Yangon , the former national capital that is also known as Rangoon . In the countryside , teams of election workers for the Union for Solidarity and Development  USD  had campaigned . The party is supported by the governing junta of mostly of ex-military members . "  These are our candidates for this region , " a USD election worker told one resident . "  It is not important to put down the name of the party , but the people have to know our symbol and make their mark right here . " Because many citizens in rural areas know so little about the political process , election workers said they also had to show people how to vote . "  I am not just campaigning for our party , " the election worker said . "  I am educating the people on how to vote . Many people do n't know how to vote . " Their word is very influential -- especially in rural areas , where most people in the nation live . "  I do n't know anything about the election , " one woman said . "  If someone tells me what to vote , I will follow that guideline . " Opposition parties like the National Democratic Force  NDF  are complaining that a lack of money is keeping them from running and campaigning in most areas of the country . An NDF representative said the party will only contest in about 15 percent of constituencies . Several residents told CNN they did not expect any change as a result of the election . "  Nothing will change after the election , " a farmer said . "  The government is not trying to convince us . We do n't matter to them because we are poor . " Not that it seems to matter to him . "  I do n't care who will be elected , " he said . "  I do n't know whom I will vote for because I have no knowledge of politics . " Government critics say the election is a sham . The country 's ruling military junta has refused to allow international monitors to oversee the elections and recently overhauled Myanmar 's constitution in a way critics say is aimed at tightening the regime 's grip . The constitution now requires more than 100 military nominees in parliament . Myanmar , also known as Burma , has been under military rule since 1962 . In October , the military regime rejected international monitoring of Sunday 's elections . "  Since we have many experiences in election , we do n't need experts on this issue , " said Thein Soe , chairman of the election commission . "  And since we have all ambassadors who are representing their countries , we do n't think we need to invite any special group to observe the election since all the ambassadors are here and can watch it on election day , " he added . Leading democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi has rejected voting in the elections , her lawyer said . The National League for Democracy , Suu Kyi 's party , announced in March that it would not participate . A new law forced the NLD to choose between honoring Suu Kyi as its leader and risking the party being declared illegal , or ejecting Suu Kyi from the party and contesting the elections . "  Since NLD is not participating in this coming election , she does n't want to vote , " her lawyer Nyan Win said in October . Suu Kyi 's party won a landslide election victory in 1990 , but the military junta rejected the results . The regime recently passed a law that made Suu Kyi ineligible to run because of a court conviction . The Nobel laureate has called the law unjust . Suu Kyi , who was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 , has spent most of the past 20 years under house arrest . A Myanmar court convicted Suu Kyi in August 2009 for breaching the terms of her house arrest after American John Yettaw swam uninvited to her lakeside house in Yangon and briefly stayed there . In February , a court rejected her appeal for release . Suu Kyi 's current house arrest is due to end in mid-November , but her lawyers are skeptical that the military junta will actually release her . Her supporters have said her latest conviction was a way to remove her from the election campaign .	Riot police were seen stationed in some urban areas Many people do n't know how to vote Critics say voting is a sham aimed at creating a facade of democracy Leading democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi has rejected voting
CNN  -- Richard Gere is one of Hollywood 's most recognizable and prolific movie stars . In a career spanning four decades , he 's starred in more than 50 feature films , including blockbusters such as "  Pretty Woman " and "  Runaway Bride . " In the early '80s , back-to-back performances in "  American Gigolo " and "  An Officer and a Gentleman " raised temperatures worldwide and cemented Gere 's status as a heartthrob and sex symbol . But for all his accolades , one thing missing from the star 's resume is an Academy Award . Many critics were certain a nomination would come for his memorable turn as Billy Flynn in the 2002 Best Picture Oscar winner , "  Chicago . " The movie musical earned a whopping 13 nominations , including acting nods for Renee Zellweger , Queen Latifah and John C. Reilly . It sent Catherina Zeta-Jones home with a statue -- but nothing for Gere . Hollywood has once again shifted into awards gear , and for the first time in a decade , the iconic leading man could get another swing at Oscar . This year , Gere flexed his dramatic muscles in Nicholas Jarecki 's "  Arbitrage , " playing a brilliant but troubled Wall Street tycoon . His performance has received widespread praise from critics as well as a Golden Globe nomination . With the film now available for home viewing and Oscar voters turning in their ballots , Gere opens up about what a nomination would mean to him ; why things such as power , money and beauty do n't really matter ; and the best decision he 's ever made about his hair . CNN : In "  Arbitrage , " you play a hedge fund fat cat with a lot of personal and professional secrets . Since the economy took a nosedive , these guys are usually the villains , but somehow you make him sympathetic . Richard Gere : I would n't say he 's sympathetic ; I was trying to make him human . He does a lot of bad things , and I did n't want to sugarcoat that , but I do n't know how you could sustain this story , if the guy was a capital "  V " villain . The world has gray areas for all of us . We all compromise constantly . Most of us do n't have the opportunity to compromise to the degree that this guy does with that much power and money , but the impulse is the same -- it 's just a question of degree . That 's what I wanted to do with this . I wanted to be a mirror for ourselves . CNN : In the first scene , you 're celebrating your 60th birthday , and I thought , "  There 's no way Richard Gere is 60 ! " But you 're 63 . ... Gere : I 'm actually 83 .  Laughter  I 'm very well-preserved . I had six hours of makeup before I came in here . CNN : That would be a headline . But seriously , aging in Hollywood is famously difficult , and you 've managed to do it seamlessly . Gere : We were laughing about it before . Someone told me recently , "  Oh , you never colored your hair . " I know a lot of actors and directors who seem to get darker hair every year , and mine gets more paper white all the time . But I 'm very glad I made that decision , and it seemed to work out . CNN : Was there a time in your life when you knew you had a certain impact on the opposite sex ? Gere : Not at all . The only difference in my life over anyone else is that I 've gone through this kind of scrutiny for a long time . But we all have hopes , fears , angers , jealousies -- we 're all the same . It 's like my character in the film ; look at the package of this guy -- that car , those suits , the haircut , the mistress , the way he moves . In the end it 's all meaningless . There are some core issues that we all go through . It does n't matter how poor or rich or whatever , if you 've done that kind of internal work that can open up genuine doors to selflessness -- which is the root of some kind of happiness that is real and that you can hold on to . That 's the point . CNN : Some might say it 's a bit easier to have that opinion when the surface looks so nice . Gere : Yeah , but nobody looks in the mirror and goes , "  Oooh , nice ! " CNN : Really ? I might argue that point . Gere : Nobody . Nobody . Look , I 've been married to two of the world 's most beautiful women , and I never remember them looking in the mirror and going , "  Oooh , you look good . " It 's all relative . CNN : There 's a theory that the grumpy old men in the academy are jealous of matinee idols , like you , Tom Cruise and Brad Pitt , and that 's why you do n't win Oscars . It 's only when you cross over behind the camera like George Clooney , Clint Eastwood and Robert Redford that they take you seriously . Have you heard of that ? Gere :  Laughter  No . CNN : What would it mean to you to be nominated for your performance in "  Arbitrage " ? Gere : It would feel great , of course . Everyone wants to feel appreciated . I like the movie , and I think Nick Jarecki , who wrote and directed it , did a really great job . I 'm happy with my performance in it . I do n't think any actor is ever totally delighted with what they do , but you get easier on it later . CNN : You 've accomplished so much , but do you still dream and set goals for yourself ? Gere : I 've never wanted for something and then was able to make it happen . Life does n't really work like that . I think the process of getting older is just to let it happen . While you 're focused on trying to make something happen , you 're missing out on so many other things around you . So I think in my own case the process of maturing is to just be more open -- to feel the whole thing .	Richard Gere 's career spans four decades He 's starred in blockbusters such as "  Pretty Woman " and "  An Officer and a Gentleman " The actor has n't won an Oscar but recently scored a Golden Globe nod for "  Arbitrage "
CNN  -- Score another win for the power of music -- and Bruno Mars gets the assist . Medical personnel at a hospital in Cleveland , Ohio , are crediting the "  Just the Way You Are " singer with helping the recovery of 11-year-old Zumyah Thorpe . According to reports from CNN affiliate WKYC , Thorpe was severely injured in a March 2013 car accident that killed her pregnant mother and two sisters . Thorpe suffered horrific brain swelling that required the removal of part of her skull . While she recovered , nurses played songs by Mars every day . "  I asked her who her favorite singer was and she said ` Bruno Mars ' as quick as anyone would say any singer , " Nancy Bass , a pediatric neurologist at UH Rainbow Babies & Children 's Hospital , told the station . "  And she just started singing every single word . It definitely brought a tear to my eye . " "  I am absolutely convinced that singing those Bruno Mars songs and being able to say ` Bruno Mars ' is in itself a miracle , and knowing all the words to the songs has helped her recover , " Bass said . Mars himself was touched by the girl 's recovery and his role . When he played Cleveland 's Quicken Loans Arena Saturday night , he invited Thorpe to visit him and gave her a number of gifts , including his hat , a guitar and a tour jacket . Mars also called attention to Thorpe 's story on his social media accounts . "  Zumyah tonight you gave my band and I something we 've never felt before . you 're an inspiration to the world ! #WeLoveYouZumyah , " he posted . Thorpe repaid the compliment . "  He means a lot to me , he put a lot of hope into my heart , " she said . "  If I want to be a dancer when I get older , I can . I can do whatever I want to accomplish , I can . "	Medical personnel credit Bruno Mars ' music for helping injured girl Zumyah Thorpe , 11 , was injured in car accident that took the lives of mother , sisters She 's a big Mars fan ; Mars welcomed her to a concert
CNN  -- Evander Holyfield failed in his bid to become the oldest heavyweight champion when he lost on points to giant Russian Nikolai Valuev in Zurich , Switzerland on Saturday . Holyfield struggles to escape the reach of seven-foot Russian world champion Valuez in Zurich . One judge scored the bout a draw while the others had Valuev winning 115-114 and 116-112 thus denying 46-year-old Holyfield the heavyweight title for the fifth time . American Holyfield will take time to consider whether to return to the ring after his defeat . "  I will go home and think about the future , " he said . "  But I knew I could still do it . "  I fought very well and won the fight but I did not get the decision . I think I showed tonight that I still can box and that age does not matter . " Valuev said it was an honor to fight a legend like Holyfield . "  I am proud to have been in the same ring with him , " he said . "  He was very fast and hard to hit . I can only advise people not to get hit by him . I expected a tough fight and that is what it was . Holyfield is a great fighter and he proved it tonight . " With Valuev controlling the centre of the ring in the opening rounds , Holyfield danced around his opponent , hitting with occasional single shots . He did well to stay away from Valuev  s long left jab and hit him with a big left in the fourth , but the Russian answered with a strong right uppercut . Much to the delight of the crowd , the fifth was a good round for Holyfield who first landed a right-left combination to the body and later connected with a big left hook to the head . Both men were on target during a mid-round exchange in the sixth , but Valuev  s left jab looked more effective . In the seventh , the crowd raised the roof when Holyfield fired in a combination to the head . Valuev  s corner urged him to be more aggressive and he eventually landed a strong right in the eighth when Holyfield seemed to tire a little . The seven foot Russian remained on the front foot as there was a big exchange during the ninth , and in the 10th Holyfield landed a strong right-left combination . Valuev finished better and pushed his opponent in the corner in the 12th . After the final bell , both men hugged each other , with either fighter claiming the win . When the scorecards were read , boos rang out as the crowd favorite 's narrow defeat was confirmed .	Evander Holyfield failed in bid to become oldest heavyweight champion Lost on points to giant Russian Nikolai Valuev in Zurich , Switzerland American Holyfield , 46 , will take time to consider whether return to ring
CNN  -- This week Virginia Thomas , the wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas , called Anita Hill and left a message on her answering machine inviting her to apologize for testifying during Clarence Thomas ' confirmation hearings . The call brought back , with surprising immediacy , those 1991 hearings . For those too young to remember , the hearings may be little more than a paragraph in a history text . But it 's hard to overstate their importance . For women at the time , Professor Hill 's testimony was riveting and unforgettable . The country watched on TV as Hill related her personal story -- describing the sexual harassment she said she endured while working for Thomas as a federal government employee -- before a Judiciary Committee composed entirely of men . Not a single woman senator .  Thomas denied the allegations . The issue of sexual harassment was out of the shadows . Before Hill 's testimony , sexual harassment was viewed as a problem for victims , predominantly women , to solve on their own . Most women suffered in silence rather than jeopardize their careers by complaining , even though sexual harassment had been defined as a form of sex discrimination that could be illegal more than a decade earlier by the courts and the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission  or EEOC  . When it first appeared that Professor Hill 's allegations might not even be aired , outraged women jammed congressional switchboards with phone calls , and seven women members of the House of Representatives , including Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton , Rep. Louise Slaughter and then-Rep . Barbara Boxer  who was elected to the Senate the following year  marched to the Senate to demand a serious and respectful hearing . Professor Hill was berated and personally attacked during the hearing . Former Wyoming Sen. Alan Simpson waited until Anita Hill 's testimony was concluded to announce , for example , that "  I really am getting stuff over the transom about Professor Hill , " without providing any details or substantiation about what he was referring to . Such treatment became the subject of dinner table conversations around the country , as did the problem of sexual harassment itself . And those conversations continued wherever women met . Pundits speculated that the Anita Hill testimony would forever intimidate women from ever coming forward again , but the opposite happened . After the hearings , the number of claims of sexual harassment filed with the federal EEOC  the very agency headed by Clarence Thomas where Anita Hill said he had sexually harassed her  more than doubled between 1991 and 1998  from 6,883 to 15,618  . And women demanded better legal protection . Congress strengthened remedies for victims of sexual harassment at work by passing the Civil Rights Act of 1991 , providing damages for the full range of injuries that victims might suffer and giving victims the right to trial by a jury of her peers . Major victories in the courts struck blows against widespread sexual harassment that women suffered in the workplace , from the mines to Wall Street . Employers took notice , so that now anti-harassment policies are more robust and company training programs are commonplace . In the aftermath of Anita Hill 's testimony , Justice Thomas was narrowly confirmed to the Supreme Court by a vote of 52 to 48 . In what became known as "  the Year of the Woman , " record numbers of women were elected to Congress : 28 women were elected to the House of Representatives , more than doubling the total number of female representatives to 47 , and four new women joined the only two women then serving in the Senate . One of those new female senators from the class of 1992 , Dianne Feinstein of California , now sits on the Senate Judiciary Committee . Anita Hill dedicated her career to combating discrimination , including sexual harassment , and opening equal opportunity to all in the workplace and beyond . The voicemail message from Justice Thomas 's wife is a reminder of a moment in time that put a spotlight on sexual harassment . But our country still needs more discussion about the serious harm it causes . Sexual harassment has certainly not gone away . The National Women 's Law Center , for example , recently filed an amicus brief in a lawsuit where a female electrical maintenance technician in a male-dominated workplace says she was constantly harassed -- with supervisors and co-workers routinely referring to women with demeaning and derogatory words , displaying provocative photos of naked and partially clothed women in common areas throughout the workplace  and not responding to her repeated requests that the photos be taken down  , and excluding her from key daily meetings . Whether bullying and harassment in schools or making women 's lives miserable in the workplace , it 's time to make sure our laws are strong enough , our institutions committed enough , and our public debate serious enough to give women and girls the protections they need and deserve . There 's still work to be done . For example , Congress needs to eliminate arbitrary limits on damages for sexual harassment victims and to change current legal standards that make it more difficult for students to prove sexual harassment than other claims of discrimination in schools . Any less not only does an injustice to women and girls , but to our country as well , which needs the talents and skills of us all to thrive . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marcia Greenberger .	Marcia Greenberger says Virginia Thomas ' call for Anita Hill apology recalls 1991 hearings Back then , she says , women kept sexual harassment to themselves Hill 's testimony , before an all-male Senate panel , pulled back the curtain on the issue Writer : Thomas was confirmed , and the "  Year of the Woman " ensued
CNN  -- The New York Times has rejected an essay that Sen. John McCain wrote defending his Iraq war policy . Sen. John McCain wrote an op-ed for The New York Times , but the paper said it could not publish it as written . The piece was in response to an op-ed from Sen. Barack Obama that was published in the paper last week . In an e-mail to the McCain campaign , Opinion Page Editor David Shipley said he could not accept the piece as written , but would be "  pleased , though , to look at another draft . " "  Let me suggest an approach , " he wrote Friday . "  The Obama piece worked for me because it offered new information  it appeared before his speech  ; while Senator Obama discussed Senator McCain , he also went into detail about his own plans . It would be terrific to have an article from Senator McCain that mirrors Senator Obama 's piece . " Read McCain 's rejected piece In a statement released Monday , The New York Times said it is "  standard procedure on our Op-Ed page , and that of other newspapers , to go back and forth with an author on his or her submission . " "  We look forward to publishing Senator McCain 's views in our paper just as we have in the past . We have published at least seven Op-Ed pieces by Senator McCain since 1996 . The New York Times endorsed Senator McCain as the Republican candidate in the presidential primaries . We take his views very seriously , " the statement said . McCain 's rejected op-ed was a lengthy critique of Obama 's positions on Iraq policy , particularly his view of the surge . "  Senator Obama seems to have learned nothing from recent history , " wrote McCain , criticizing Obama 's call for an early withdrawal timeline . "  I find it ironic that he is emulating the worst mistake of the Bush administration by waving the ` Mission Accomplished ' banner prematurely . " Watch why the piece was rejected " Obama 's July 14 essay had taken shots at McCain for not further encouraging the Iraqi government to take control of the country . "  Instead of seizing the moment and encouraging Iraqis to step up , the Bush administration and Senator McCain are refusing to embrace this transition -- despite their previous commitments to respect the will of Iraq 's sovereign government , " Obama wrote in his op-ed . "  They call any timetable for the removal of American troops ` surrender , ' even though we would be turning Iraq over to a sovereign Iraqi government . " Read Obama 's essay Shipley , who was President Bill Clinton 's senior speechwriter from 1995 to 1997 , had advised the McCain campaign that "  the article would have to articulate , in concrete terms , how Senator McCain defines victory in Iraq . "  It would also have to lay out a clear plan for achieving victory -- with troops levels , timetables and measures for compelling the Iraqis to cooperate . And it would need to describe the senator 's Afghanistan strategy , spelling out how it meshes with his Iraq plan . " He added that he hoped the parties could "  find a way to bring this to a happy resolution . " McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds said Monday the Arizona senator 's position will not change based on the "  demands of the New York Times . " "  John McCain believes that victory in Iraq must be based on conditions on the ground , not arbitrary timetables , " he said . "  Unlike Barack Obama , that position will not change based on politics or the demands of the New York Times . " The newspaper endorsed McCain for the Republican presidential nomination in January , shortly before the New York primary . In February , after it became clear McCain would be his party 's presumptive nominee , the paper published a thinly sourced report that McCain once had a close relationship with a female lobbyist . McCain said he was disappointed in the New York Times piece . The paper said that it stood by its reporting and that "  the story speaks for itself . " McCain 's campaign sent out fundraising appeals based on the article . The article "  is particularly disgusting -- an un-sourced hit-and-run smear campaign designed to distract from the issues at stake in this election , " McCain 's campaign manager , Rick Davis , wrote in a e-mail to supporters . "  We need your help to counteract the liberal establishment and fight back against the New York Times by making an immediate contribution today , " the e-mail said in text that linked to an online contribution form on the McCain campaign 's Web site .	NEW : Paper says rejection part of standard back-and-forth procedure John McCain writes essay in defending his Iraq policy New York Times suggests McCain submit piece that mirrors Barack Obama 's Paper : Obama 's essay had new information , McCain 's critiqued Obama 's positions
Eight people were arrested outside the Ferguson , Missouri , Police Department on Sunday night when demonstrations grew violent yet again , police say . Each was charged with failure to disperse and resisting arrest , Lt. Ron Miesner of Missouri Highway Patrol said . Only one of those arrested was from Ferguson ; the others were from elsewhere in the St. Louis metropolitan area . Three were from St. Louis , one was from Richmond Heights , one was from Florissant , one was from Bridgeton and one was homeless , he said . Protests erupted last month following Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson 's fatal shooting of unarmed 18-year-old Michael Brown . They quickly devolved into nights of looting , vandalism and violence before the tenor of the protests eventually calmed . Last week , the burning of a memorial near the site where Brown was killed reignited the demonstrations . Sunday night 's protests unfolded in front of the police station , about 2 miles from the five-lane drag that typically plays host to the demonstrations . While previous protests at the police station have been largely peaceful , some demonstrators among a crowd of about 150 people began throwing rocks and bottles at officers around 10 p.m. , according to CNN affiliate KTVI . No injuries were reported . The eight people arrested were taken to a nearby jail , booked and released , KTVI reported . Details emerge in officer 's shooting Details also emerged about the circumstances surrounding the shooting of a Ferguson police officer at a community center on Saturday . The suspect was pointing a gun at the officer 's chest when the officer pushed it away , a law enforcement official said . That 's when the gun went off , the official said , striking the officer in his left arm . With his right arm , the officer pulled out another weapon that he used to shoot at the suspect , the official said . The officer 's wound was not life-threatening , and he was released from a local hospital after being treated . Authorities have said there 's no reason to believe the shooting was connected with demonstrations over the August police shooting of Brown . But the shooting stoked emotions among protesters who were on the street demonstrating over Brown 's death . The officer had been working for the Ferguson Police Department for several years , the official said . Authorities have n't released a description of the suspect , the official said , because it was dark at the community center and the event unfolded quickly . The officer was wearing a body camera at the time of the shooting , according to the Saint Louis County sheriff 's office , but it was "  not activated , " officials said . That 's because the officer was n't "  in contact with the public " when the shooting occurred , the law enforcement official said .	Details emerge in officer 's shooting over the weekend Those arrested charged with failure to disperse and resisting arrest , police say Police : Only one of the eight people arrested was from Ferguson City has been the site of protests since Michael Brown fatally shot last month
CNN  -- A U.S. Marine was being held Monday on a warship after the slaying of a transgender woman in the Philippines . Because no charges have yet been filed , officials have not identified the Marine , who is assigned to 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines , out of Camp Lejeune , North Carolina . "  The Marine Corps is working closely and cooperating fully with the Philippine National Police to ensure a thorough investigation is completed and due process of law is followed , " Col. Brad Bartelt , spokesman with the U.S. Marine Corps Forces , Pacific , said in a statement . A State Department spokesperson identified the deceased as Jeffrey Laude , also known as Jennifer . Her body , which showed signs of strangulation , was found shortly before midnight Saturday , according to Marine Corps Times . Three other Marines from the same unit as the Marine being detained have been identified as potential witnesses , the newspaper reported , citing an internal Navy memo on the incident . They are also being held .	A spokesperson identifies the deceased as Jeffrey Laude , also known as Jennifer Her body was reportedly found before midnight Saturday , with signs of strangulation A U.S. Marine is being held on a warship ; an investigation in under way
A man shot four men with whom he had worked -- two of them fatally -- in northern Florida on Saturday before shooting and killing himself , the Union County sheriff said . Sheriff Jerry Whitehead told CNN affiliate WJXT that the Lake Butler "  community is in shock , " after 72-year-old Hubert Allen Jr. allegedly went on a shooting spree , killing his longtime boss , Marvin Pritchett , 80 , and a former co-worker Rolando Gonzalez-Delgado , 28 . Two other men were shot and wounded . Whitehead said he knew all of the individuals and is Pritchett 's nephew . Lake Butler , where most of the shootings took place , is a small community of fewer than 2,000 residents . Whitehead said Pritchett was a "  self-made millionaire " and "  just a great guy , with a great family . " Pritchett 's death will have a "  terrible impact on the community , " Whitehead said . Whitehead knew Allen for 40 years , and said he 'd just talked to him just last week . Police : 4 dead after man opens fire in 2 Dallas-area homes Allen was the step-grandfather of Buffalo Bills running back C.J. Spiller , the sheriff said . A law enforcement authority with detailed knowledge of the case said the gunman had an argument with Pritchett earlier in the week , The same source clarified an earlier report , saying the argument happened Monday and that the gunman was retired from the company , though he was still involved in some capacity and still interacted with its owner . Whitehead said he could n't confirm any details related to a motive , but that his department was investigating . The Union County Sheriff 's Office said Allen went to a Lake Butler farm owned by Pritchett , where he fatally shot Gonzalez-Delgado . A short distance away , Allen shot and killed Pritchett , authorities said . From there , police said Allen confronted another former colleague driving a farm tractor . The men exchanged words before Allen fired a shot at 66-year-old Lewis "  Buddy " Mabrey Jr. , striking him in the left arm and side . Mabrey was rushed to the hospital , where he was expected to undergo surgery for a broken arm and other injuries . He was in good condition . Allen traveled to Pritchett Trucking Inc. and shot a third co-worker , 44-year old David Griffis , in the stomach , officials said . Ex-official in Kentucky shoots ex-lover , kills her relatives Griffis was taken to the hospital for immediate surgery ; he was in critical condition . The suspect then fled the scene to his home , where he shot and killed himself , officials said . Police say they believe Allen acted alone in these shootings , but they continue to investigate the "  heinous crimes . " A statement posted Saturday evening on the company 's website said Pritchett Trucking was shocked and mourning the loss of its founder and the employees . "  Words can not express the pain and sorrow felt by so many , yet we are comforted by the memories of those lost . " According to the site , Marvin H. Pritchett founded Pritchett Trucking Inc. in 1980 . The company employs "  well over 400 people and is apportioned in all 48 states and Canada . "	Suspect was step-grandfather of NFL star Sheriff says he knew suspect , victims personally Victims were owner , employees of Pritchett Trucking Suspect , 72 , was retired , but still interacted with business
EW.com  -- The New Year will bring with it a new era of late-night TV . In preparation for the big change , Time magazine asked Seth Meyers -- who will take over "  Late Night " in February when Jimmy Fallon moves on to host the "  Tonight Show "  $ " to grace the cover of its 2014 forecast issue . In the cover piece , available now online to subscribers , the "  Saturday Night Live " writer opens up about his new show and his feelings about taking over the coveted spot . Here are a few highlights : * Meyers ' new office at 30 Rockefeller Plaza needs a decorator . Described as having "  bare walls , a few boxes , a fresh legal pad on the otherwise empty desktop , " the home base for his new "  Late Night " program leaves something to be desired ... for now . Jerry Seinfeld and Louis C.K. go boating over coffee Meyers apparently has yet to move out of his "  SNL " office and currently "  commutes " between the two . "  It 's like having two families , " he tells Time . "  I feel like Ray Liotta at the end of ` Goodfellas , ' with the helicopter following me . " * Meyers ' last ` SNL ' episode ... wo n't be before the beginning of February , says the mag . So that means he 's in for at least two episodes , including the show 's January 18 return .  His new "  Late Night " gig begins February 24 . * His studio is still being built , but the show 's format is not . Meyers ' new studio , which literally sits "  on top of the new ` Tonight ' digs , " is still getting built . And , describes the mag , "  like a groom planning a wedding , he does n't yet even know if he 'll have a DJ or a band . " ` Sherlock ' UK return posts record ratings But format-wise , do n't look for him to reinvent the wheel  $ " there will be a desk , a monologue , celebrities , and the like . That said ... * The content will have a Meyers spin . Though Meyers and Co. claim there 's still much to be decided , it seems they have a pretty good idea of what they want already . Producer Mike Shoemaker and Meyers , for example , talk of booking "  more authors , politicians and explainers " and of having sketches "  with staffers playing recurring characters . " * Amy Poehler will be on his first show . Or at least she plans to be . Meanwhile , she told Time of her former "  SNL " colleague : "  He enjoys bringing the best out of people . Maybe it 's his improv training , but he really knows how to make other people look good . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Time magazine asked Seth Meyers to be on its 2014 forecast issue cover He 'll take over "  Late Night " in February His studio is still being built , but the format is not Amy Poehler is expected to be on his first show
