Rio de Janeiro  CNN  -- Rio de Janeiro 's special forces moved quickly and did n't stop to chat Monday as they peered in windows and knocked on doors in Rocinha , the city 's biggest shantytown . In a predawn raid the day before , 3,000 troops seized control of the hilltop favela , wresting from the hands of drug traffickers . They declared victory in just two hours , without firing a single shot . "  Today a lot of the drug dealers are gone , " said Luis Machado , one of the officers in charge of the door-to-door searches . "  Others are hidden . And it 's now that we 're going to find them and the weapons . " The massive operation was part of efforts secure Rio de Janeiro and eliminate bloody drug gangs ahead of the 2014 World Cup and the Olympic Games two years later . For many of Rocinha 's 100,000 residents , it was business as usual on Monday . Food stalls displayed strings of garlic and onions while motorcycle taxis zipped up and down the winding roads . "  Thank god it 's over , " said Giovani , a food vendor . "  It 's 100 % better . It 's better than normal . " Rocinha 's top drug trafficker , Antonio Francisco Bomfim , known as Nem , was captured by police last week , days before the invasion . According to residents , a three-story house overlooking the shantytown and beachside condominiums below had been his home until his arrest . Inside , all appliances and even bathroom fixtures had been ripped out , but the signs of luxury are evident , including a small pool and private gym . An empty bottle of Black Label whiskey sits on the glass bar . Still , in many ways , the hard work has only just begun . Mountains of trash line the streets , and tangled masses of electrical wires dangle over houses . "  Before this was called a favela because it was full of criminals , " said Juliete , an 18-year-old physical trainer . "  Now things have to be done to call it a neighborhood . We need running water , proper sewage and things for young people to do . " Raimundo Cesario , who has lived in Rocinha for 40 years , agreed . "  The system trapped young people in a life of crime . But it 's also true that they helped people when they needed it , " he said . "  We 'll have to see if things are better or worse under the police . "	A door-to-door search follows a raid to take control of a Brazilian favela , or shantytown "  It 's 100 % better . It 's better than normal , " a food vendor says Rio de Janeiro is trying to crack down on crime before the 2014 World Cup
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- In a landmark case , the European Court of Human Rights ruled Tuesday that Turkish authorities failed to protect a woman from her abusive ex-husband , effectively allowing his pattern of domestic violence to lead to the killing of her mother at gunpoint . Judges unanimously ruled that the Turkish state violated three articles prohibiting torture and discrimination , and ensuring the right to life of the victim . Legal experts said the ruling sets a precedent throughout Turkey and Europe for governments to protect women from domestic abuse . "  It 's a very good decision , " said Pinar Ilkkaracan , co-founder of the Istanbul-based organization Women for Women 's Human Rights . "  This means now that the state must take effective measures to protect women from violence . " According to a Turkish government study released in February , four out of 10 Turkish women are beaten by their husbands . The European Union-funded poll concluded that "  one out of 10 women has reported to have been beaten during her pregnancy . " Turkey passed the Family Protection Act in 1998 , which is supposed to offer women protection against domestic violence . But in the case , Opuz v. Turkey , judges ruled that the "  discriminatory judicial passivity in Turkey created a climate that was conducive to domestic violence . " Court documents state that in the southeastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir , Nahide Opuz , 36 , and her mother were the repeat victims of attacks by the woman 's ex-husband , Huseyin Opuz , referred to as H.O. "  Criminal proceedings were brought against H.O. on three occasions , " the court wrote . On one occasion , Huseyin Opuz ran over the two women with a car . In 2001 , he stabbed his ex-wife seven times with a knife . The ex-wife survived the assault . Turkish authorities detained and then released her ex-husband after fining him the equivalent of about $ 580 . Less than a year later , Opuz shot and killed his former mother-in-law . She was killed in a moving van while transporting her daughter 's family to the safety of another Turkish city . The court report states Opuz "  claims that he killed the applicant 's wife because his honor had been at stake as she had taken his wife and children away from him , and had led his wife into an immoral way of life . " In its unanimous decision Tuesday , European Court judges ruled Turkey violated laws since Nahide Opuz 's mother "  was killed by the applicant 's ex-husband , despite the fact that the domestic authorities had been repeatedly alerted about his violent behavior . " Judges awarded the victim 30,000 euros in damages . Lawyers and women 's rights activists argue the court decision puts pressure on Turkey to implement laws to protect women , which were ratified more than a decade ago . "  I do n't believe the state is sincerely working on this matter , " said Aydeniz Alisbah Tuskan , a representative of the Istanbul Bar Association Women 's Rights Center . "  Every municipality is required to have a women 's shelter . Yet when we ask them what their plans are , it becomes clear they are not taking any initiative . " Tuskan cited polls that indicate up to 40 percent of Turkish women believe they deserve to be beaten by their husbands . Day-time talk shows and newspapers in Turkey regularly report accounts of domestic violence and honor killings . Nahide Opuz could not be reached for comment Tuesday . Speaking by telephone from Diyarbakir , her attorney , Mesud Bestas , told CNN she is not giving interviews because she still fears for her life . In March 2008 , Huseyin Opuz was released after serving six years in prison . Since then , he allegedly has made inquiries , searching for his ex-wife 's address . Bestas said she has twice asked Turkish authorities to grant the woman protection . "  Nothing was done , " the attorney said .	European court rules Turkey failed to protect a woman from abusive ex-husband Experts : Ruling sets precedent in Europe for governments to protect women European Court of Human Rights awards victim 30,000 euros in damages In case , man attacked ex-wife , killed former mother-in-law , court documents say
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan 's probation should end next month , clearing the way for the actress to revive her acting career possibly playing Elizabeth Taylor in a made-for-TV movie . "  Ms. Lohan , you 're in the homestretch , " Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner told the actress during a probation progress hearing Wednesday . February is the third straight month of positive reports for Lohan , and a major change from recent years in which she was found in violation of probation for failed drug and alcohol tests , missed counseling sessions and community service work and a shoplifting arrest . "  You seem to be getting your life back on track and that what we hoped for , " Judge Sautner said . "  It 's never our goal to put people in jail . " Lohan has 14 more days of community service -- cleaning up at the county morgue -- and five more counseling sessions to complete before her next progress hearing on March 29 . After that , her probation for two drunk driving convictions five years ago will end . The probation for last year 's necklace theft conviction continues , but Judge Sautner said it becomes informal summary probation with no reporting requirements . "  All you have to do is obey all laws , stay out of trouble and get on with your life , " the judge told Lohan . Lohan has been in court more than a dozen times in the last two years , each time creating a media frenzy inside and outside the courthouse . But far fewer reporters attended Wednesday 's hearing . "  They just do n't want to cover good news , " Lohan lawyer Shawn Holley said . Stints in jail and court-ordered rehab cost Lohan acting jobs in recent years , but with the light at the end of the strict probation tunnel in sight , the acting jobs are reappearing . Lohan travels to New York next week to host NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live " on March 3 . It 's her fourth time hosting the show , but the first since her legal troubles began in 2007 . She appears close to signing a deal to play the lead in a Lifetime network movie about legendary actress Elizabeth Taylor , who died last year . Her publicist acknowledged negotiations are underway , but "  nothing has been signed . " Although just 25 , Lohan has deep knowledge of Hollywood 's golden age and has a "  high regard " for its icons , he said . She would "  really embrace " the role of Taylor , Steve Honig said . The sales success of her nude photo spread in Playboy magazine , which hit news stands in December , is evidence that Lohan 's star power survived her legal troubles . Lohan was reportedly paid nearly $ 1 million to pose for the photos taken in a style reminiscent of the nude photograph of Marilyn Monroe that graced the debut issue of Playboy in 1953 .	"  You seem to be getting your life back on track , " judge tells Lohan Lohan earns her third consecutive good probation report Lohan is in talks for Liz Taylor role She 'll host "  Saturday Night Live " next week
New York  CNN  -- As the story goes , God spent six days creating the world and then rested on the seventh day . He told the Jewish people to always rest on the seventh day of each week , which was to become known as the Sabbath for them for eternity . This was before Facebook , Twitter , BlackBerries and iPhones , of course . Adam and Eve did n't have friends who would get upset if texts were n't returned promptly , parents who wanted to know where their children were all the time or bosses who had complete access to their employees via work-issued devices . There is no excuse good enough to ignore the boss , even on a weekend . But one group is trying to take back the Sabbath : Reboot -- a nonprofit organization aimed at reinventing the traditions and rituals of Judaism for today 's secular Jews . Composed of Internet entrepreneurs , creators of award-winning television shows , community organizers and nonprofit leaders , these "  Rebooters " are people who typically have their cell phones glued to their palms . Several of them go so far as to say they have an addiction to their devices . They pledged to observe 24 hours of freedom from their devices this past weekend : a National Day of Unplugging , lasting from sundown Friday to sundown Saturday , the Jewish Sabbath . The day was to launch Reboot 's ongoing project , the Sabbath Manifesto . Dan Rollman , a Rebooter and founder of the Universal World Record Database Web site , created the Sabbath Manifesto because he felt that technology was taking over too much of his life . "  There 's clearly a social problem when we 're interacting more with digital interfaces than our fellow human beings , " Rollman said in an e-mail to CNN . "  Rich , engaging conversations are harder to come by than they were a few years ago . Our attention spans are silently evaporating . " The Sabbath Manifesto consists of 10 principles . However , people are encouraged to discuss online which principles work and which should be tweaked . As they stand now , the guiding principles are : 1 . Avoid technology . 2 . Connect with loved ones . 3 . Nurture your health . 4 . Get outside . 5 . Avoid commerce . 6 . Light candles . 7 . Drink wine . 8 . Eat bread . 9 . Find silence . 10 . Give back . The National Day of Unplugging specifically promotes the first principle . Even though Reboot is technically focused on reaching out to hyper-connected Jews , the values behind the Sabbath Manifesto are meant for all denominations , Rollman said . "  We believe that everyone can benefit from a respite from the relentless technology . Unplugging on a weekly basis wo n't provide a magical solution to these issues , but it 's a start ... a chance to catch our breaths , replenish our souls and reconnect with the living , breathing people we love . " It may sound like a nice idea , but how realistic is the concept ? Can people live without their beloved technology for 24 hours ? "  No , " said Chris Maroudis , 22 , without missing a beat . "  The problem is , I live in Jersey and work here -LSB- Manhattan -RSB- . I have to contact my friends in Jersey to make plans . I 'm not just going to go all the way there and then they 're not home . " Some people are able to remember a simpler time before cell phones . "  This is new for me , " said 26-year-old Amanda Norman , laughing and waving her BlackBerry . "  I remember even before cell phones , when you had to make plans with someone beforehand and meet them there . If you were late , you were late . " Walking around Manhattan , though , it is hard to find people without a phone of any kind in their grasp . As Nano Paulino , 27 , pointed out , everyone in the city is working . The bosses need to stay in touch with you . Asked if he would answer a call from his boss at 10 at night , he said no . Why not ? "  I 'm sleeping ! " His friend , Arnold Diaz , 30 , would also have a hard time without his phone , but for a slightly different reason . "  Definitely not on a Friday night . We have to make plans . Maybe on a Monday or Tuesday , " he paused . "  Not Monday , because if you meet a girl over the weekend , you want to call her on Monday . So maybe Tuesday or Wednesday . " There is one piece of irony to the whole thing . Lisa Keller , 42 , said she can easily go a day without using her phone . Asked if her friends and family would get frustrated by not being able to call or e-mail her , she laughed . "  I would first put up a Facebook status to say I 'll be off my phone and computer for 24 hours . " Reboot also recognizes the irony that it has been promoting the National Day of Unplugging largely using social-networking sites . However , the group was asking people not to log on to their sites in the 24-hour window starting Friday evening at sundown .	Reboot aims to reinvent traditions of Judaism for today 's secular Jews Group says cell phones , computers should be put away for weekly day of rest Sabbath Manifesto founder says he felt technology was taking over too much of his life
CNN  -- One of Australia 's most colorful underworld figures and author , Mark "  Chopper " Read -- whose cavalcade of violent crime put him behind bar for almost 23 years -- has died after a battle with liver cancer . "  I am deeply saddened to confirm the death of Mark Brandon Read , known widely throughout Australia and the world as ` Chopper ' , " his manager , Andrew Parisi said in a statement carried by Australian media . The 58 year old was admitted to the Royal Melbourne Hospital recently with an "  ongoing and serious illness , " Parisi said . Read was portrayed by Eric Bana in the 2000 film based on his exploits "  Chopper , " and his autobiographical books have remained among Australia 's best-selling true crime titles . His success in parlaying a life of crime into a lucrative media career -- he often toured with a stage show -- led to calls to extend Australia 's Federal Proceeds of Crime Bill  2001  , which confiscates the proceeds of drug deals and robberies , to include money from book deals and television appearances . Life of crime Born in 1954 in Melbourne 's tough northern suburbs , Read began his apprenticeship in crime in the 1970s by robbing massage parlors and taking on contracts to rob and maim rivals , obtaining what he called a "  doctorate " as a "  stand over " merchant . "  I once told a friend ` Why rob a straight guy of $ 20 when you can rob a drug dealer of $ 10,000 and he ca n't go running to the police ' , " he said on his website , arguing that an honest man is more likely to put up a fight for a hard-earned $ 20 than a drug-dealer for thousands in fast cash from the proceeds of crime . Bullied at school and often on the receiving end in hundreds of fights , Read explained on his website that he learned to brawl on the streets of Melbourne 's Prahran district , graduating to kidnapping and torturing underworld figures , sometimes using a blowtorch on their feet or removing their toes with bolt cutters to extort money . Famed for his peculiar brand of playground sadism , he said the electro-convulsive therapy he received as a teenager in mental institutions may have been responsible for some of his psychopathic tendencies . In prison gang fights , Read said he lost several feet of intestines and even had a fellow inmate cut off his ears so that he could get out of Pentridge Prison 's high security H Division , according to his website . Read claimed to be involved in the killing of 19 people and the attempted murder of 11 others . In an interview with the New York Times in April , Read said "  Look , honestly , I have n't killed that many people , probably about four or seven , depending on how you look at it . " "  He 's like this perfect cross between a complete psychopath and the crazy uncle you 've got at your barbecue , " his manager , Parisi , said , in quotes carried by the New York Times . Celebrity criminal Political cartoonist for The Australian newspaper Bill Leak -- who met Read at a media engagement -- told CNN a long night on the town with the celebrity criminal ended true to the "  Chopper " legend . "  I met Chopper for a drink and I skived off to play the pokies  slot machines  , I must have put in all of $ 10 when I won some kind of jackpot and the management of the hotel gave me $ 1,500 in cash , " said Leak , who spent the rest of the evening buying rounds of drinks for friends at the bar . The next day , somewhat worse for wear and after having offered Read a couch for the night , Leak awoke at 8 a.m. to find Read had already gone . "  He 'd left this lovely note thanking me for my hospitality , saying I should contact him if I was ever in Melbourne , " he said . "  Later that day I met a friend for lunch at a cafÃ © and when it came to the bill I thought there must be some change left from my winnings the night before but when I opened my wallet there was n't one cent left -- Chopper had knocked it off ! "  Working as I do for the media , everyone wanted to write the story but I did n't want it to get out : I simply thought I 'd kept fast company and paid the price and put it down to that . " Weeks later , Leak received a letter from Chopper addressed to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  . "  Everyone knew it was from Chopper so a small crowd gathered around me as I opened it up , " he said . "  When I did 10 crisp $ 50 notes fell out and there was one of those Hallmark cards with a religious image on it that said ` Congratulations on your Ordination ' . "  Inside he 'd written ` Congratulations on your ordination into a very select group of people who 've been pinched by Chopper Read and lived to tell the tale . I 'm sorry Bill but I 'm a hopeless kleptomaniac , especially after a few red wines . I 'll nick anything if it 's not bolted down , and if it is , I 'll use a heavy vehicle to rip it off . ' "  Of course , everyone standing around me fell about laughing . " ` Bull **** artist ' He said while many of Chopper 's exploits were well documented , he was well known for embellishing the truth . "  At one stage in the evening I told him I thought he was the biggest bull **** artist I 'd ever met , " Leak said . "  He suddenly stood up and towered over me and one of my friends thought ` Oh no , there 's going to be blood and guts everywhere now . ' "  Then he roared with laughter and said ` I 'm not just the biggest bull **** artist you 've ever met but probably the biggest one in Australia . Half the people I killed in my book are still walking around Melbourne today . "	Mark "  Chopper " Read dies after battle with liver cancer , agent says He was once one of Australia 's most colorful and violent underworld figures Read was portrayed by Eric Bana in the 2000 film based on his exploits "  Chopper " Despite spending decades in prison , Read cultivated a successful media career
Santa was n't the only one racing against the clock to get packages to homes Tuesday night . UPS was too . But the company 's backlog left some Americans with gifts missing from under the Christmas tree Wednesday morning . "  We 're terribly sorry , " spokeswoman Natalie Black told CNN . In a statement , the company explained that "  the volume of air packages in our system exceeded the capacity of our network immediately preceding Christmas so some shipments were delayed . " "  We know how hard it is for everyone to receive their holiday packages , and we 're working around the clock to resolve this issue , " Black said . Behind the scenes , perhaps -- but UPS stuck to its plan to make no deliveries on Christmas , angering some customers . "  Thanks for totally screwing us AND lying about it all day , " Mo Husseini posted on Twitter . He was responding to a UPS tweet in which the company vowed "  every effort to get packages to their destination . " On the company 's Facebook page , Melissa Gilbreath wrote that she ordered her sons ' gifts on December 9 , but the packages have sat in Fort Worth , Texas , since December 18 . "  I realize it is not about the gifts but that is part of Christmas , " she wrote . But the Facebook page is also filled with messages from people who say they are UPS employees and proud of their work and the company . "  We all work really hard and I think people have too high of expectations , " Misty Fulton wrote . "  There will be an afternoon sort today , " Black told CNN on Wednesday . "  Workers will be processing packages so that tomorrow , bright and early , our drivers can clear out the remaining excess air volume . We expect that air volume to be delivered between tomorrow and Friday . " The company considered Christmas Day deliveries as an emergency measure , but "  after much thought and consideration " decided not to ask drivers to work on the holiday . "  They 've pulled in extra hours . We did a lot of Sunday deliveries , which we normally do n't do . It was n't a decision that we came to lightly . " Asked why the company underestimated the volume of air packages it would receive , Black noted that previous severe weather in the Dallas area had already created a backlog . Then came "  excess holiday volume " during a compressed time frame , since the period between Thanksgiving and Christmas was shorter than usual this year . Add to that the consumer trend of doing more shopping online , she said . "  All of this culminated to become the perfect storm , so to speak . " Amazon responds Online retailers are damaged by UPS ' mistake . These sites told customers their purchases would arrive in time for Christmas . Some customers received messages from Amazon.com alerting them of the "  failure in the UPS transportation network . " In the message , the company offered to refund shipping charges and provide gift cards . Amazon representatives could not be reached for comment immediately . "  We have a relationship with Amazon . We will definitely work with all of our retailers , " Black said . "  We 're going to make good on our service commitments . What that exactly entails I do n't know , but we 'll work with them to maintain that relationship . " After January 2 , the day the industry processes returns , the company will examine what happened and gauge its contingency planning and losses , she said . Weather has caused delays in previous years . Technical glitches have as well , but Black said it 's been "  quite some time " since that happened . Medicine did n't arrive The backlog is n't just affecting Christmas presents , of course . The Warren family of Heath , Texas , had to go a few days without special medicine their 14-year-old son needs in order to eat . "  It was just sitting " at a UPS outlet in Mesquite , where the family finally picked it up , Patrick Warren told CNN affiliate WFAA . "  People are really upset in there . They have security guards , " one woman outside the UPS distribution center in Fort Worth told WFAA .	"  We 're terribly sorry , " UPS says The company could n't handle the volume of air packages it received UPS is not making deliveries on Christmas Amazon refunds some shipping charges , offers gift cards
CNN  -- Africa from the air is a breathtaking sight -- vast herds , sprawling wetlands , snow-capped peaks and rising cities . Thanks to creative safari outfitters , aerial views of the continent are a lot more accessible than they once were . The 11 options below showcase the best aerial tours of Africa . 1 . Huey helicopter flights at Victoria Falls  Zambia Based in Livingstone on the Zambian side of Victoria Falls  the falls form a border between Zambia and Zimbabwe  , United Air Charters introduced 20-minute flights in a "  Huey " helicopter -- the widely used military helicopter -- in 2013 as a radical way to experience Africa 's largest waterfall . With fully open side doors , the 13-passenger Huey zigzags through the 125-meter-high  410 foot  rock walls of Batoka Gorge , skimming close to rapids that make this stretch of the Zambezi one of the continent 's best for whitewater rafting . Upon reaching the violent clash of water and rock called Oblivion , the chopper rapidly rises up and over Mosi-oa-Tunya  "  The Smoke that Thunders "  at the falls . United Air Charters Huey tours over the falls with an open door are $ 175 per person for 15 minutes and $ 330 per person for 20 minutes 2 . Private flying safari  Namibia , Botswana Little trumps the glamor of a private flying safari in southern Africa , which takes visitors over the Kalahari Desert and Okavango Delta and delivers them to some of the most exclusive and expensive safari camps on the continent . As one of the region 's leading flying safari outfitters , African Profile Safaris lists corporate tycoons , politicians and movie stars among its clientele , and organizes flying safaris anywhere in Africa , from week-long trips around Namibia , Botswana and South Africa to month-long Cape-to-Cairo journeys . African Profile Safaris offers 13-day fly-in safaris in Namibia , Botswana , Zambia from 60,900 rand  $ 5,770  per person 3 . Table Mountain Cableway  South Africa Table Mountain Cableway opened in 1929 as a vertigo-inducing way to rise from Cape Town to the 1,084-meter  3,558-foot  summit of the giant , flat-topped peak . In the late 1990s , the vintage cable cars were replaced by new pods that can carry 65 passengers and rotate 360 degrees . From the top of the mountain , visitors get breathtaking panoramas of central Cape Town , the beach towns along the western edge of the peninsula , the Cape of Good Hope stretching off to the south and the old prison on Robben Island , where Nelson Mandela spent 18 years . Table Mountain Cableway adult return journeys are 215 rand  $ 20  per person 4 . Nile High Bungee  Uganda It took European explorers hundreds of years to come into contact with the source of the Nile . Now it can be done in a matter of seconds at Nile High Bungee . Located in the town of Jinja near the spot where the Lake Victoria turns into the world 's longest river , the jump is 44 meters  144 feet  from platform to water . Tandem and night jumps are offered . Leapers can also choose a full dunk -- a brief submergence in the Nile . Nile High Bungee jumps start at $ 115 per person 5 . Skydiving  Kenya An hour 's drive south of Mombasa , Skydive Diani offers a year-round slate of tandem skydives , full training courses and solo jumps for qualified skydivers . Most jumps are over a permanent drop zone at Diani Beach , but the company runs tandem operations on the coasts of Malindi and Kilifi and in the central highlands outside Nairobi . Each March and November , Skydive Diani and the Nairobi-based Kenya Skydivers Association organize Beach Boogies , a week-long skydiving festival over the white sands and turquoise waters of Diani . Skydive Diani offers skydives from $ 350 per person 6 . Climbing the West Face at Mulanje  Malawi Rising 1,700 meters  5,500 feet  , the hulking West Face of Chambe peak on the Mulanje Massif is one of Africa 's greatest rock-climbing challenges . The wall features two distinct sections -- a 610-meter  2,000-feet  Lower Face and a 1,067-meter  3,500-feet  Upper Face . Those who want to experience the view from the top without the death-defying climb can trek the Skyline Trail , a three-hour hike between Likhubula guest house and Chambe mountain hut . The Mountain Club of Malawi  MCM  offers tips on how to trek or climb Mulanje . Expect to pay around $ 162 per person for a week on the mountain . 7 . Trekking Mount Kilimanjaro  Tanzania The six-day trek up and down Africa 's highest mountain  5,895 meters/19 ,341 feet  is one of the continent 's iconic adventures . The main routes to the top require no technical climbing experience , but trekkers should be in fairly good shape for an uphill walk that takes three and a half days . Above 11,000 feet , head aches , shortness of breath and other symptoms of altitude sickness are common , and pulmonary edema is a real danger . Tanzania 's National Parks Authority requires that all climbers be accompanied by a licensed guide . Ultimate Kilimanjaro offers seven ways to reach the summit . Hikes start at $ 2,200 per person 8 . Busanga Plains hot air balloon trip  Zambia "  There 's nothing like it , " says balloon pilot Erik Hesemans of the low-level gliding he does over Zambia 's wildlife-rich Busanga Plains with Namib Sky Balloon Safaris . "  Sometimes we 're only three meters above the ground -- close enough to look straight into the face of a lion or hippo as you 're flying past . " Hesemans pioneered the maneuver over the red hot dunes of the Namib Desert and brought "  skimming " to Zambia 's savannah country in 2012 . Hesemans brings his balloons to Busanga during the dry season between June and October , when animals are drawn to waterholes and are thus easier to spot from the air . See a video here . Busanga Bush Camp starts at $ 799 per person per night ; hot air balloon safari is complimentary  and only  for guests who stay minimum three nights 9 . Microlight flights over Kruger National Park  South Africa Microlights -- lightweight , fixed-wing aircraft -- have been a fixture at South Africa 's Kruger National Park for more than a decade , offering bird 's - eye views of elephant , rhino , buffalo and other African wildlife . Kwa Madwala Private Game Reserve on Kruger 's south side is one of the few lodges with its own microlight -- a sturdy little Bantam that takes off from a grass runway . A six-cylinder engine powers the small aircraft on 15-minute , half-hour and hour-long flights over Kruger , including a glide down the Crocodile River . Kwa Madwala 's Manyatta Rock Camp starts at 1,600 rand  $ 150  per person per night with microlight flights from 650 rand  $ 61  per person 10 . Cairo Tower  Egypt Inspired by the lotus columns of the Temple of Luxor and other ancient monuments , Cairo Tower rises 187 meters  613 feet  above Egypt 's brooding capital city and remains the third tallest building on the continent more than 50 years after it was first built . From the open-air observation deck at the top , visitors gaze down on central Cairo , up the Nile Valley to the Great Pyramid of Giza and across to the great citadel that dominates eastern Cairo . Cairo Tower observation deck access is 70 Egyptian pounds  $ 10  per person 11 . Tsitsikamma zipline  South Africa Africa 's best zipline soars through the extraordinary wilderness of Tsitsikamma , featuring an hour-long "  flight " through the Kruis River Gorge over three waterfalls . The zigzag route features eight different "  slides " or cables , one of them the length of two soccer fields . Thanks to a patented braking system , fliers can control their speed and come to a complete stop midway along the slides to take in indigenous flora and fauna . Tsitsikamma zipline rates are 350 rand  $ 33  per person Joe Yogerst is a freelance travel , business and entertainment writer based out of California .	Vintage Huey helicopter rides over Victoria Falls began in 2013 Private flying safaris are offered in Namibia and Botswana Hot air balloon safaris in Zambia offer rides "  close enough to look straight into the face of a lion "
CNN  -- On Tuesday night , it will be time to meet the candidates . Again . There will be a Republican presidential debate , this one hosted by CNN , the Heritage Foundation and the American Enterprise Institute . This is the 14th televised debate , depending on how you 're counting  there was that two-person debate between Newt Gingrich and Herman Cain  , since they began back in May . For generations we have taken it for granted that the way we meet our would-be presidents is on television . But , of course , it was not always so . For a good portion of the existence of the United States , the process of choosing a president must have felt like trying to decipher a distant and indistinct rumor . "  Every generation , because of advances in communications technology , thinks that it knows the candidates , and the president , better than the generations that came before , " said John G. Geer , chairman of the department of political science at Vanderbilt University and co-director of the Vanderbilt Poll . "  But of course , it all comes down to the question : Even when we think we know a candidate , or a president , what do we really know ? " Think of the earliest days of the United States -- and the earliest elections . Pamphlets , handbills , seventh-hand retellings of speeches the teller may or may not have actually heard ... the first  and second and third and beyond  generations of Americans elected as president men who , if they had passed them on the street , they might not have recognized . Geer believes that readers of American newspapers in those days devoured them with a level of gratitude unfamiliar today : "  Reading the paper was seen as a treat -- today , there is so much information , on the Internet and everywhere else , that it overwhelms people . But readers eagerly looked forward to reading the papers back then , because that was their best chance to learn about the world . " Most people today take it for granted that a president will be a constantly televised visitor in their homes -- it has never been any other way for them . But more than 70 percent of all U.S. presidents served in the years before television sets were first installed in homes . Harry Truman was the first president to appear on TV the way we know it  although Franklin Delano Roosevelt took part in a television experiment at the 1939 New York World 's Fair  . More than 60 percent of our presidents were never heard on radio ; Warren G. Harding , who entered office in 1921 , was the first to speak on commercial radio . The voice of Theodore Roosevelt , as large as he loomed in the American mind , was never heard in American homes when he was in the White House . What in our era that would be unthinkable -- a president who did not regularly speak to us -- was , to Americans of a century or so ago , just a fact of life . Rutherford B. Hayes was the first president whose voice was recorded . The first to be filmed was William McKinley , who took office in 1897 . Before McKinley , presidents appeared to the public only in still photographs . And almost a quarter of our presidents did n't have their pictures taken while in office or running for office . James K. Polk is widely believed to have been the first ; George Washington , Thomas Jefferson , James Madison , James Monroe ... the Americans they led had no opportunity to see , photographically , what they looked like . In that era , voters could view their presidents and would-be presidents through reproductions of oil paintings of heroic-looking figures  put forth by the men themselves  or crude and insulting cartoons  put forth by their opponents  . All of this has little to do with the presidents -- they had no control over the technology of their times -- and everything to do with the citizens . It always has been such a leap of faith , deciding who is deserving of one 's vote . For all the media manipulation that goes on in the television age , consider the mischief that could be done in the era when presidents and candidates went largely unheard and , before that , unseen . The day is probably coming -- perhaps soon -- when some long-shot candidate will make a promise that , if elected , he will wear a tiny live video camera in the lapel of his suit jacket , so that Americans , in real time on their computer screens and telephones , can see and hear everything that he is seeing and hearing in the White House , from his vantage point .  And if elected , he will quickly announce that for reasons of national security , he wo n't be able to use the lapel camera much , after all . The leap of faith is the same as ever . We have to tell ourselves that we know our presidents , even if we 've never met them . No American ever saw Herbert Hoover talking live on television ; no American ever heard Ulysses S. Grant speaking on the radio ; no American ever heard Abraham Lincoln 's recorded voice . John Adams ? No American ever saw a photo of him . Yet they all had to find a way to appeal to the entire country -- to get the majority of the nation to declare : He 's the one . Every four years , we roll the dice anew . Do we truly know the people who would be president any better now than our ancestors did when they had never seen the candidates ' faces or had any idea what their voices sounded like ? Of necessity , each generation evaluates a candidate -- and a president -- based on what the voters have available at the time . Vanderbilt 's Geer said that we sometimes forget the specifics of that and the limitations . "  Before microphones , the candidate with a booming voice had a great advantage , " he said . "  Think about it . When candidates had to speak to large crowds without the benefit of a microphone , a person with a quiet voice did n't even stand a chance of reaching the crowd and having his words heard . " In the end , though , according to Geer , all campaigning through various forms of media provides only a rough facsimile of what the person asking for votes is like . "  Imagine if every person in the country was somehow able to have a five-minute meeting with a candidate for president , " he said . "  Just the two of them , alone . I think we all would have a very different feeling about who we 're voting for . I think that would change everything . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Americans think they know their presidents because they are always present on TV Bob Greene : For much of America 's history , access to presidents was very limited Before radio and television , presidents were distant figures , more written about than seen
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The best golfers on the planet can expect beautifully manicured greens and perfect fairways when they take to the Hazeltine National Golf Club course in Minnesota for the U.S. PGA Championship next month . Hitting out of the rough at the ice golf course at Uummannaq in Greenland can be tough . But the increasing popularity of the sport has seen golf courses spring up in some unlikely places . Here Living Golf takes a look at some of the weird and wonderful golf courses which will not be found in the average guidebook : 1 . Longest The average round of golf usually lasts a few hours , but prospective players on the Nullarbor Links Course in southern Australia can expect to complete the course in closer to four days . Measuring 848 miles in length the course is the longest in the world and spans two time zones with holes situated at 18 towns and service stations aimed along the Nullarbor Plain . 2 . Hottest Situated on the rim of the active Mount Merapi in Indonesia , the Merapi Golf Course is one of the most unusual courses in the world . The course has breathtaking views and is one of only a handful of courses where golf is played next to an active volcano - although the course architects are yet to include lava hazards . 3 . Coldest Uummannaq in Greenland is home to the World Ice Golf Championships where the entire course is laid on gigantic icebergs and rounds of golf are played in subzero temperatures . The rules remain the same as regular golf although the course is a little shorter , the holes a little larger , the ball is orange and the green is white . 4 . Most dangerous Camp Bonifas is the closest military base to North Korea on the border in Panmunjom and is also home to what has been dubbed the world 's most dangerous golf course . The ` course ' is a single hole , par three which stretches 192 yards and is close to the most heavily fortified border in the world . And it is no place for a stroll in the rough either - the fairway is ringed by landmines . 5 . Back to nature Established in 1993 the golf course of La Jenny in France is one of the few places in the world which caters especially for golfers who prefer to hone their skills au natural . The only naturist course in Europe , La Jenny even has its own professional and stages numerous tournaments throughout the year . Have you played on a stranger golf course ? Let us know in the Sound Off box below . 6 . Highest If you are struggling to get distance on your drives then head to the Government Golf Course found in Gulmarg , India where the course is the highest in the world at over 8,500 feet . Established by British residents in 1904 the air is thinner on the course because of the altitude which means that the ball will travel further to increase the distance of a drive . 7 . Unluckiest hole Jean Van de Velde infamously pondered a chip out of the water at The British Open at Carnoustie in 1999 but he would be well advised to not try the same at the Lost City Golf Course in Sun City , South Africa . The water trap at the 13th hole houses 38 hungry crocodiles which is a graveyard for the balls of hundreds of sliced shots . 8 Full steam ahead Located in a picturesque suburb of the city the Royal Colombo Golf Club in Sri Lanka has the distinguishing feature of the Kelani Valley steam railroad running through the course . Four of the holes are traversed by the trains which run past packed full of people ensuring the golfer will often have a audience , although a drop is permitted if your drive lands on the tracks . 9 . Bunker-tastic There is barely a blade of grass in sight in the small opal mining town of Coober Pedy in the Australian outback but that does not hinder the interest in golf . The Opal Fields Golf Club is a giant sand trap while the ` greens ' must be oiled with grease to prevent the dirt being blown away by the dry desert winds . 10 . Out of this world Astronaut Alan Shepard is the only person to actually hit a golf ball on the moon when he did during 1971 's lunar visit , but plans for a course on the cratered satellite are already on the drawing board . Japanese company Shimizu Construction revealed a blueprint for the development of a course for the future , although an intergalactic open championship is probably quite a few years off yet .	Players will have superb course conditions for the U.S. PGA Championship The global appeal of golf ensures courses have appeared in bizarre locations Golf can be played in extreme heat as well as in freezing conditions Some courses feature volcanoes , landmines , trains and crocodiles
CNN  -- Joseph Keenan May 's quiet life on the lam in Alaska was unraveled after he used his late stepbrother 's name to apply for a driver 's license and unemployment benefits , authorities said . May , a former sheriff 's deputy wanted since 1991 for capital sexual battery in Bradenton , Florida , was arrested on identity theft charges early Friday at his home in Eagle River , Alaska . "  Sometimes Alaska draws people who want to run away from things , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Thomas Bradley told CNN affiliate KTUU . "  We find that there 's an inordinate amount of fugitives here . It 's unusual for somebody to be able to run so long , but eventually he got caught . " Authorities said May , 60 , has been the subject of a federal warrant for unlawful flight to avoid prosecution since 1993 . For years , May was living under the identity of stepbrother Michael Camp , who died in his teens in the 1970s in Pennsylvania , the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the District of Alaska said in a statement . May is charged in an indictment with two counts of unlawful use of a Social Security number for allegedly using Camp 's name and number to apply for an Alaska driver 's license in 2009 and unemployment benefits in 2013 , the statement said . He was also charged with aggravated identity theft . The Social Security Administration notified federal authorities of the alleged identity theft , KTUU reported . May faces up to 12 years for the federal charges in Alaska -- and potentially the death penalty in Florida if he is extradited , the U.S. Attorney 's statement said . A former road patrol deputy , May was arrested in 1990 , accused of raping a 6-year-old girl in the 1970s , the Bradenton Herald reported . May fled before he could be tried . Fugitive charged with 1981 murder found serving as Texas church deacon	Joseph Keenan May , 60 , is arrested in Alaska , where he lived for years as a fugitive The former Florida sheriff 's deputy has been wanted since 1991 for capital sexual battery in Bradenton He allegedly lived under the identity of a stepbrother who died in the 1970s
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Canada geese got into both engines of US Airways Flight 1549 and forced the plane to ditch into the Hudson River last month , the National Transportation Safety Board said Thursday . Surveillance video shows passengers of US Airways Flight 1549 hurrying onto the plane 's wings . The flight crew of the Airbus A320 put the plane down gently on the river , which separates New York from New Jersey , after the bird ingestion caused both engines to lose power on January 15 . All 155 people aboard survived . Adult Canada geese weigh between 5.8 and 10.7 pounds , although birds from resident populations rather than migratory populations can be heavier . The plane 's CFM56-5B / P turbofan engines were certified in 1996 as being able to withstand bird ingestion of 4 pounds . The NTSB said last week that both engines contained the remains of birds , confirming the pilots ' report that the engines shut down after colliding with birds less than two minutes after taking off from from New York 's LaGuardia Airport . Material from both engines was sent to the Smithsonian Institution in Washington for identification of the bird species . Investigators have not yet determined how many birds hit the jet 's engines . The plane 's flight data recorder "  revealed no anomalies or malfunctions in either engine up to the point where the captain reported a bird strike , after which there was an uncommanded loss of thrust in both engines , " the NTSB said last week .	Investigators have yet to determine how many birds hit the plane 's engines Canada geese caused engines to lose power , NTSB says Bird ingestion forced US Airways Flight 1549 to land in Hudson River last month All 155 passengers and crew members on board survived the landing
A United Nations General Assembly committee Tuesday voted in favor of a draft resolution referring North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity as well as "  targeted sanctions " for rampant human rights abuses . The 111-19 vote , with 55 abstentions , is merely a recommendation . The General Assembly does not have the power to refer the regime or its leader Kim Jong Un to the ICC . The non-binding measure will come up for a vote by the General Assembly in December . The authority to refer a country to the ICC lies only with the U.N. Security Council , a 15-member body charged with maintaining global security . The five permanent members at the core of the Security Council , including China and Russia , wield veto powers . Opponents of the resolution -- including China , Russia and Cuba -- said the measure was politically manipulated and would set a precedent for other nations to be targeted in the future . A North Korea representative told the U.N. gathering Tuesday that the resolution "  provoked confrontation " and "  failed to reflect the reality on the ground . " China is likely to use its veto as its officials have repeatedly said efforts to send North Korea 's leadership to the ICC "  wo n't help improve a country 's human rights condition . " North Korea 's longtime ally has never wavered in its support for Pyongyang . North Korea 's leaders have been accused of employing murder , torture , slavery , sexual violence and mass starvation to prop up the isolated regime and exercise total control over its citizens . North Korea has repeatedly denied the existence of political camps or human rights abuses in the country . North Korea : ` We were forced to eat grass and soil ' The country has accused the United States and its allies of seeking to discredit and overthrow the leadership in North Korea . In May , Russia and China vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution that would have asked the International Criminal Court to investigate war crimes in Syria . They were the only two of 15 countries to vote against the resolution . The U.S. backs the resolution to sanction and refer North Korea to the ICC . Opinion : Stop romancing North Korea North Korea last week released the last remaining Americans -- Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller -- detained in the country , but the gesture has not altered the United State 's stance on the country 's human rights record . In February , the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea published a 400-page report documenting widespread torture and abuse , and called for urgent action , including the referral of its findings to the ICC for possible prosecution . Kim Jong Il 's former bodyguard tells of beatings , starvation in prison camp The almost yearlong investigation by the commission involved more than 320 witnesses in public hearings and private interviews . It listed a litany of abuses including a new mother being forced to drown her newborn , corpses being eaten by dogs and rampant beatings . North Korea 's ambassador to the United Nations , So Se Pyong , said the United States and "  other hostile forces " had fabricated the report in an attempt to "  defame the dignified image of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and eventually eliminate its social system . " Before Tuesday 's vote , an amendment proposed by Cuba to delete the language about an ICC referral was rejected 77-40 , with 50 abstentions . Cuban Ambassador Rodolfo Reyes Rodriguez said U.N. resolutions targeting North Korea or any other single country were a "  tool to attack others . " Opinion : Moment of truth for North Korea over human rights	U.N. committee favors draft resolution referring N. Korea to International Criminal Court The vote is merely recommendation The authority to refer a country to the ICC lies only with the U.N. Security Council North Korea has repeatedly denied the existence of political camps or human rights abuses
Iraqis reacted with outrage Wednesday to news of a plea deal for a U.S. Marine squad leader charged in connection with the deaths of 24 people , in which he received a rank reduction and pay cut but avoided jail time . The November 2005 killings in Haditha , Iraq , constituted one of the worst attacks on civilians by U.S. troops during the Iraq war . The deaths enraged Iraqis , put a spotlight on the conduct of the U.S. military and was compared to Vietnam 's My Lai massacre by one congressman . On Tuesday , Staff Sgt. Frank G. Wuterich was sentenced to a maximum of 90 days in prison , but avoided any time in the brig because of a plea deal . The military judge was obligated to abide by the arrangement between prosecutors and defense attorneys , which amounts to a reduction in rank -- to private -- and a pay cut . "  This court is unjust and its decision was unfair for Iraqi people , " Shaeed Fakhri , a lecturer at Babel University in Hilla , said Wednesday as he visited Baghdad . "  This soldier should be executed . The verdict is unfair and unjust for the innocent people who were killed in this incident . " "  This is very sad and very painful , " said Hashim Khader , a store owner in Baghdad . "  They were just civilian people who did not raise weapons against the occupiers and they were killed this way . This is a heinous crime and the soldiers should get the most severe punishment . " Wuterich , 31 , of Meriden , Connecticut , originally faced 152 years in prison on nine counts of involuntary manslaughter , two counts of assault with a deadly weapon and three counts of dereliction of duty in the Haditha incident . He wound up pleading guilty to one count of negligent dereliction of duty . Charges against six other Marines charged in the case were dropped , and another was acquitted . Wuterich 's sentence was a "  big disappointment , " Taleb al-Essawi , political adviser to the governor of Iraq 's Anbar province , said Tuesday . "  I ca n't believe that the court decided to drop all the charges except one charge . ... This is a joke , because according to the Iraqi law , all those soldiers should be executed . We demand from the American administration to reconsider the court decision . " Al-Essawi also said the U.S. government should compensate the victims ' families . "  Why is American blood so precious while the Iraqi blood is so cheap ? " Hanaa Mohammed , an employee with Iraq 's Ministry of Planning , said Wednesday . "  This is unacceptable . ... The Iraqi government should take a strong position and protest the court 's verdict right now . " "  We have been following this case since 2006 and we were hoping that those soldiers , who killed 24 innocent people , will receive fair punishment , " Khalid Salman , head of the Haditha local council , told CNN Tuesday . "  But now we are convinced that the judicial system in America is unjust , " he said . "  This is not the end , and we will continue pursuing those soldiers legally through the international courts . " "  The Iraqi government should appoint lawyers and send them to the international courts because these courts have a fair and neutral judicial system , unlike the American judicial system , " Khader said Wednesday . An expert on U.S. military law said a public explanation is needed regarding the case 's resolution . "  The trial counsel and convening authority has a duty to explain this pretrial agreement in order to safeguard public confidence in the administration of justice , " said Eugene R. Fidell , senior research scholar and a visiting lecturer at Yale Law School . Under the military justice system , he said , the "  convening authority , " a unit commander , makes the central decision . "  The prosecution and staff judge advocate play an advisory role , " he said . "  At the end of the day , it 's the commander 's decision to accept or reject a proposed pretrial agreement . " About the investigation into the so-called Haditha massacre , Fidell said : "  It does seem that a set of cases that began with some pretty terrible allegations has basically fizzled . The public ought to have confidence in the administration of justice . " The plea agreement was "  unjust , " according to Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman , as the Marines "  committed mass killings in Haditha . " "  We ask the human rights organizations and  nongovernmental organizations  in America and all over the world to strongly condemn this verdict . Iraqi blood is n't so cheap , " Othman said in a Facebook posting Tuesday . A Marine spokesman said a final adjudication will be made on the case by Lt. Gen. Thomas Waldhauser , commander of Marine Corps Forces Central Command , but while he can reduce the sentence , he can not increase it . Facing the judge in a Marine base courtroom Tuesday , Wuterich , a divorced father of three young daughters , expressed no emotion . Earlier in the day , he told the judge : "  For six years , I have had to accept that my name will always be associated with a massacre , being a cold-blooded baby killer , an ` out of control ' monster , and a conspiring liar . There 's nothing I can do about whoever believes these things . " According to previous testimony and court records , Wuterich , who was assigned to 3rd Battalion , 1st Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , was the squad leader on November 19 , 2005 , when members of his patrol unit were moving a supply convoy through Haditha , an insurgent stronghold where armed resistance fighters hid among the civilian population . An improvised explosive device exploded under a vehicle , killing Lance Cpl. Miguel Terrazas , 20 , and injuring two other Marines . During the more than two-week trial that ended with the plea deal , prosecutors argued Wuterich lost control after seeing the body of his friend blown apart by the bomb and led his men on a angry rampage , ordering his squad to "  shoot first and ask questions later . " Wuterich 's team stormed two nearby homes , blasting their way in with grenades and M-16 rifle fire . Among the dead was an elderly man in a wheelchair . When the 45-minute incident was over , 24 men , women and children were dead . Wuterich was accused of ordering his men to storm the homes , part of what his attorney has said was a search for those believed responsible for planting the bomb and , later , shooting at the men . The prosecution contended the Marines were out for revenge . The case did n't come to light until January 2006 , when Time magazine broke the story . Two months later , the military launched an investigation . Wuterich said Tuesday that he never fired his weapon at any women or children . "  When I told my team to shoot first and ask questions later , the intent was n't that they would shoot civilians , it was that they would not hesitate in the face of the enemy , " he said . To the victims ' families , he said , "  Words can not express my sorrow for the loss of your loved ones . " "  Many of the Marines who were there that day , along with everyone who has stood by me and supported me , may be disappointed that I pled guilty , " Wuterich said . "  It might suggest that I believe we behaved badly or dishonorably . The truth is , I do n't believe anyone in my squad , nor any member of Kilo Co. , 3/1 behaved in any way that was dishonorable or contrary to the highest ideals that we all live by as Marines . " The incident provoked the condemnation of the late Rep. John Murtha , D-Pennsylvania , who compared it to the 1968 My Lai massacre , and then-President George W. Bush , who vowed that if an investigation showed Marines killed unarmed civilians , "  there will be a punishment . "	"  This soldier should be executed , " one Iraqi man says "  Iraqi blood is n't so cheap , " a Kurdish lawmaker says The Marine will have a reduced rank and a pay cut under the plea deal A U.S. military law expert says a public explanation is needed
CNN  -- It was n't until his senior year of high school in North Carolina that Monji Dolon found out about his murky immigration status . His family had emigrated from Bangladesh in 1991 when Dolon was 5 years old and since then Dolon , his mother and his brother have lived without legal residency in the United States . Uncertain of what to check under "  residency " on his college applications , Dolon learned at the age of 18 that he was in an ongoing battle to stay in the country he had grown up in . "  I remember having a huge sense of panic at the time , " say Dolon , now 25 . The Department of Homeland Security announced reforms this year that would halt the deportations of young immigrants who pose no threat to security . It said it also would review almost 300,000 cases on an individual basis -- something it had not been done before . Individuals without a criminal record are considered low priority for forced or immediate deportation . But without permanent relief , many like Monji Dolon are still in immigration limbo . Both Dolon and his older brother , Sahid Limon , recently received a "  stay of removal . " This allows them to temporarily stay in the country but without an exact timeline or a plan of action . "  Once we heard about our stay of removal , I was happy but not really excited because I 'm tired and it 's not a permanent solution , " Dolon says . He is facing a situation that many young immigrants confront if their parents come to the U.S. illegally . Many say they do n't have a clear map to becoming legal residents in the country they 've grown up in . The Migration Policy Institute , a nonprofit think tank , estimates that more than 2.1 million adolescents and young adults are in this category . Dolon and his brother came to the United States after their mother , Tahera Islam , felt it would be unsafe for them to stay in Bangladesh . She was an active member of an opposition party in Bangladesh and received several threats from the majority party supporters . That 's when she decided to seek political asylum elsewhere . "  I wanted to go to a free country -- I was scared , " she says . Dolon says he did n't realize the seriousness of the situation until he received a rejection letter after applying at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . The letter said the university would be unable to admit him due to his immigration status . Determined to move forward , he met with university administrators , who finally agreed to admit him as an international student without any financial aid or scholarships . Under ordinary circumstances , a student with Dolon 's grades would qualify for financial aid and perhaps even scholarships . But any possibility he had for such was lost due to his residency status . Since graduating from UNC in 2008 , Dolon has been working as a freelance web designer and computer programmer . He says he 's been unable to take on a fulltime job even though he 's had several offers -- including one from a start-up in California 's Silicon Valley -- because his immigration status would n't allow it . Frustrated , Dolon wrote a letter to the office of Sen. Dick Durbin 's , D-Illinois , describing his situation . Durbin shared Dolon 's story on the Senate floor earlier this year as a way to drum up support for the Dream Act -- an initiative that would legalize young immigrants who have been in the country for more than five years if they attend college or serve in the military . Durbin alluded to Dolon 's achievements and talent in the technology field saying "  we could use people with Monji 's talent in America . " By 2009 , Dolon 's family had already gone through four different lawyers to help them apply for legal status with no avail . Having spent tens of thousands of dollars in legal fees , and feeling like they had exhausted all of their resources , they made plans to leave for Bangladesh because they were constantly facing deportation notices . As a final desperate attempt , Dolon 's father , who had obtained residency years ago with a different visa than the rest of his family , decided to hire a lawyer in New York . The lawyer advised the family not to leave because it would complicate their chances of ever returning to the United States . With that , the family canceled their plane tickets -- losing half of the money -- and hired that lawyer . Nine months later , the family received a letter from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services telling them that while immigration officials sympathized with their situation , they would be unable to take any legal action . In July 2011 , Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  officers took Sahid Limon into detention . He had no past criminal record and was eventually released a few weeks later and given the "  stay of removal . " "  The current immigration laws in the U.S. are one of many rules but little justice , " says Marty Rosenbluth , a pro bono immigration lawyer in North Carolina who started working on Monji Dolon 's case last summer . "  It 's very difficult if not impossible for many people to get legal status . " Despite recent immigration reforms , Dolon and his family members live with the fear that they could be asked to leave at any time . Dolon is currently freelancing with a start-up company in California as a web designer and programmer . He 's been unable to accept an offered full-time position with the company because he has n't been able to obtain a work visa . As of now , Dolon 's and Limon 's "  stay of removal " is set to expire next summer . It 's uncertain whether or not they 'll be able to renew it . Though exhausted from the battle , Dolon says it would be very difficult to leave everyone he 's ever known behind -- but adds that very little is in his hands . "  It 's not something I can or could 've fixed right now . It 's something I 've been trying to fight , " he says .	Monji Dolon came to the United States from Bangladesh when he was 5 years old As a senior in high school , he found that he was in legal limbo because of his immigration status Now 25 , he still is in an immigration quagmire A think tank estimates that 2.1 million young immigrants are facing uncertain futures
CNN  -- Residents of one of Syria 's most war-ravaged cities demanded answers Thursday after a pair of devastating explosions killed dozens of children . The bloodshed Wednesday spurred mourning residents to demand the ouster of the Homs governor and his assistant , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . It spurred a Syrian official , Hilal al-Hilal , to visit the wounded and offer condolences to loved ones of the dead at the direction of President Bashar al-Assad . "  These  heinous crimes against innocent children reflects the cowardice of the terrorists who have sought to kill science , " al-Hilal said , according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency . An earlier SANA story said that an explosives-packed car was detonated minutes before a suicide bomber blew himself up in front of a school . The blasts were timed to coincide with students leaving school , to inflict maximum casualties , that report said . Horrifying video shows pieces of bodies lying on the street afterward , amid the injured and the scared . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based monitoring group , said Thursday that at least 53 were killed in the blasts in Homs ' Ekrima neighborhood , adding , "  the number of the dead is likely to rise  due  to the serious injuries . " Those killed include 46 children , most of them less than 12 years old ; the United Nations reported that at least 30 of the dead were schoolchildren between the ages of 6 and 9 . The neighborhood that was attacked is predominantly Alawite , a religious minority that is a Shiite offshoot to which al-Assad belongs . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , which U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called "  an act of the utmost depravity . " Whomever is to blame , the blasts shows that Homs is once again in the middle of war . For much of Syria 's 3Â 1/2 - year civil war , the ancient city has been known as the capital of the uprising against al-Assad -- and it became a prime target for his forces as a result . U.N. humanitarian chief Valerie Amos estimates that as of September 30 , the ongoing war has killed more than 190,000 people , and thousands more were thought to be trapped in a siege dating to June 2012 . Yet the situation appeared to stabilize this spring after a truce between government and rebel forces . Since then , Homs has been firmly under government control and relatively quiet . But Wednesday 's blasts shattered that sense of security and stability . Syrian rebel groups unite to fight ISIS	Group says at least 53 killed -- including 46 children -- in twin explosions in Homs Mourning residents called for the ouster of Homs ' governor Syrian official blasts "  heinous crimes against innocent children , " state news says Homs had been a focal point in Syria 's civil war but was relatively quiet in recent months
CNN  -- Just a week after losing to Bubba Watson in a playoff at the U.S. Masters , Louis Oosthuizen bounced back with a three-shot victory in the Malaysian Open Sunday . Oosthuizen , who had a 30-hour journey to Kuala Lumpur after his near miss at Augusta , closed with a four-under-par 68 to hold off the challenge of Scotland 's Stephen Gallacher . His 17-under total of 271 gave him his fifth European Tour win and for Oosthuizen acted as the perfect tonic after his Masters heartbreak . "  It was a long journey to get here and I have to be honest and say that I did n't expect to play this well because of the tiredness , " he told the official European Tour website . "  Having a good week this week was important and playing well . I did n't want to come here and play bad but to win means a lot because I have been playing well for the last few weeks now and to win gives me a lot of confidence for the rest of the season . " Oosthuizen had to play 26 holes on the final day because of earlier delays and held a one-shot lead over Gallacher going into the last 18 holes . Gallacher , looking for his second European Tour win , was in touch until the back nine where his South African opponent birdied the 13th and 16th to pull clear . Last year 's Masters champion Charl Schwartzel of South African was sixth , six shots back , while defending champion Matteo Manassero and former world number one Martin Kaymer tied for seventh at the $ 2.5 million tournament co-sanctioned by the European and Asian Tours . Oosthuizen , who carded a stunning double eagle in his final round of the first major of the season , lost out to Watson after the American 's superb recovery shot on the second extra hole , but he has moved to second in the European Tour 's Race to Dubai after his recent fine displays .	Louis Oosthuizen wins Malaysian Open by three shots South African finished runner-up in U.S. Masters after playoff Final round 68 secures fifth European Tour win Oosthuizen had 30-hour journey to Kuala Lumpur
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- An Istanbul court slapped a world-renowned musician Monday with a 10-month suspended sentence for posting a series of tweets that poked fun at Islamic descriptions of heaven . Classical concert pianist Fazil Say , 43 , was found guilty of "  openly insulting the religious values held by a portion of the public " for the tweets , which were posted last year . "  Although I am innocent and have not committed any crime , this decision I received is more worrisome for the freedom of expression and belief in Turkey than it is to me as a person , " Say wrote in a statement posted on his Facebook page . The sentence marks a "  very sad day for freedom of expression in Turkey , " Say 's lawyer Meltem Akyol told CNN . "  We were expecting an acquittal . " "  Freedom of expression does not entitle you to condescend or offend or insult people , " countered plaintiff Ali Emre Bukagili . "  That 's a crime . " Say 's tweets included : "  You say the rivers will flow with wine , is heaven a tavern ? You say each believer will receive two women , is heaven a brothel ? " according to the indictment . In another , Say joked about the short duration of a cleric 's traditional Islamic call to prayer . The tweet asked a rhetorical question to the chanting cleric : "  What 's the hurry ? Lover waiting ? " the indictment said . Say also was convicted of retweeting allegedly offensive posts , such as , "  I am not sure if you have realized it , but where there is scum , a lowlife , a thief or a fool , s/he is always an Allahist . Is this a paradox ? " Faruk Logoglu , deputy international affairs chairman of the nation 's main opposition party , CHP , called the sentence a "  new link in the long chain of assaults on the freedom of expression and freedom of conscience in Turkey . " "  This is shameful for Turkish democracy , " he said . Say wo n't have to serve his sentence as long as he does n't commit a similar crime within the next five years . "  The decision is a correct one , " said Bukagili . "  In our laws , it is against the law to publicly insult a belief , and he did that . " The case was filed last June after three plaintiffs lodged formal complaints . Say has been a vocal critic of the Islamic-rooted Justice and Development Party , which has governed Turkey since it first won parliamentary elections more than a decade ago . Critics linked the case to a recent string of freedom of expression prosecutions in Turkey . Last year , Say commented on the case for CNN Turk . " ... if I thought I was guilty , I would feel uncomfortable with myself and would enter the jail on my own , " he said . "  It is difficult for them to send me to jail . It is that simple . "	NEW : "  This is shameful for Turkish democracy , " says Turkey 's main opposition party Pianist Fazil Say openly insulted religious values with his Twitter posts , court says His 10-month sentence is suspended as long as he does n't commit a similar crime Say has criticized Turkey 's governing Islamic-rooted Justice and Development Party
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The ongoing presence of U.S. troops in Iraq "  shows that the  Iraqi  government and the occupation are not serious about the withdrawal , " a key Shiite cleric in the country said Wednesday . A crowd gathers Tuesday after a deadly bombing in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk . Muqtada al-Sadr made the statement on his Web site a day after U.S. forces withdrew from Iraqi cities and towns in accordance with the security agreement between the United States and Iraq . About 131,000 American troops remain in the country , on bases and in outposts outside of population centers . "  The withdrawal should include all the occupation forces : army , intelligence , militias , and security companies and others . Otherwise , the withdrawal will be uncompleted and useless , " al-Sadr said . "  We want a withdrawal and stopping the interference with Iraqi political , social and economic affairs , " the statement said . Al-Sadr commands the loyalty of the Mehdi Army , one of the largest independent militias in the country . His agreement to a cease-fire with the government and its allies is considered a key factor in reducing the level of violence in the country . But he seemed to suggest Wednesday that Iraqis had the right to attack foreign forces in the country -- if not Iraqi security forces . "  If the occupation forces violate this claimed withdrawal , even with a government cover , then the people of Iraq will have all the right to express their opinion in a peaceful way , and the right to self-defense on condition of not harming the Iraqi people and the security forces , " he said . Under an agreement signed in the waning days of the Bush administration , all U.S. forces will be out of Iraq by the end of 2011 . Most will be gone by August 2010 under the withdrawal plan laid out by President Barack Obama , Bush 's successor . The U.S. troops who remain are now tasked with supporting Iraqi troops and police , and must seek Iraqi permission to launch operations in the cities . the top U.S. general in the country said Tuesday that much of the country was safe . "  There is not widespread violence in Iraq , " Gen. Ray Odierno told reporters in a video conference from Baghdad . "  There 's still gon na be bumps in the road . There 's still gon na be violence here , " he added . Meanwhile , the death toll from a huge blast in northern Iraq rose to 35 , local security officials said Wednesday . The car bombing took place in a busy commercial district in a predominantly Kurdish area of Kirkuk early Tuesday evening when the neighborhood was busy , security sources said . About 17 shops and houses were destroyed and 95 people were wounded , a police official in the Iraqi city added . Kirkuk is about 378 kilometers  235 miles  north of the capital , Baghdad . CNN 's Yousif Bassil and Jomana Karadsheh in Baghdad contributed to this report .	About 131,000 American troops remain in the country Muqtada al-Sadr : Withdrawal should include all the occupation forces Al-Sadr commands the loyalty of the Mehdi Army , an independent militia U.S. must now seek Iraqi permission to launch operations in the cities
CNN  -- The Copa del Rey provided some respite for Barcelona after a double dose of defeats . The Catalan giants , who are without the talents of their mercurial striker Lionel Messi , had fallen to consecutive defeats to Ajax , in the Champions League , and to Athletic Bilbao in La Liga . This time , Barcelona survived an early scare in Spain 's domestic cup after Division 2B side Cartagena took the lead when Fernando found the back of the net . Pedro Rodriguez put the Spanish league leaders back on level terms in the first leg of the fourth round tie before half time . He doubled his tally after the break with Cesc Fabregas and Cameroon teenager Jean Marie Dongou wrapping up a 4-1 victory . It was Dongou 's first senior goal for the club . Barcelona got as far as the semifinals in last year 's domestic cup -- the so-called "  King 's Cup " -- with Atletico Madrid lifting the trophy . Juventus stretched their lead at the top of Serie A in the Italian league 's only match Friday . The defending champions remain unbeaten in the domestic series this season after ticking off a 2-0 away win in Bologna . Chilean midfielder Arturo Vidal followed up his Champions League hat-trick against FC Copenhagen with an opening goal for Juventus , volleying Federico Peluso 's pass into the roof of the net . Bologna came close to an equaliser in the first half when Alessandro Diamanti had his shot from outside the box blocked by Gianluigi Buffon . The Italian keeper can feel pleased with his safe hands as Juventus have not conceded a goal in Serie A for seven matches . Juve had to wait until the dying minutes of the match to double their score which came when Giorgio Chiellini headed in Carlos Tevez 's corner . The victory was a nice tune-up ahead of their final Champions League match at Galatasaray next Tuesday . Antonio Conte 's side may be six points clear at the top of Serie A but they still need a point against the Turkish champions to reach the last 16 of the elite European competition . The result in Bologna left the home side hovering near the foot of Serie A with only Sampdoria and Catania below them . In France , Marseille were leap-frogged by Nantes as the home side nicked a 1-0 victory thanks to a solo strike from American midfielder Alejandro Bedoya . The win saw Nantes move up to fourth in the Ligue 1 table while Marseille dropped back to fifth .	Barcelona return to winning ways with 4-1 win in Spain 's Copa del Rey Juventus go six points clear in Italy 's Serie A with win over Bologna Marseille are toppled by Nantes and lose ground in Ligue 1
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- Indian authorities Tuesday slapped a curfew on Srinagar and other towns after the arrest of a major separatist leader in an attempt to stave off violence that has killed over 100 people in the last four months . Masarat Alam Bhat , the general secretary of the hard-line All Parties Hurriyat Conference  APHC  group and a close aide of the octogenarian separatist leader , Syed Ali Shah Geelani , was arrested Monday evening in a Srinagar suburb . Bhat has been evading arrest since June when he launched the so-called "  Quit Kashmir campaign " which set off a sequence of shutdowns , protests , marches and curfews that have virtually brought life in Indian administered Kashmir to a standstill for over four months . The accompanying clashes between pro-independence protesters and Indian security forces have left 108 dead and hundreds others wounded , some of them crippled for life . "  We arrested him yesterday evening , " said police officer Muzaffar Ahmad . Bhat was immediately taken to an undisclosed location in Srinagar for questioning . Authorities described Bhat 's arrest as "  a major success . " The hard-line separatist leader , Syed Ali Shah Geelani , reacting to Bhat 's arrest said , "  Arrests and detentions are part and parcel of the freedom movement . The arrest is painful but the struggle will continue . " Fearing trouble in the wake of his arrest , authorities imposed a curfew in Srinagar and other major north Kashmir towns and deployed police and paramilitary forces to prevent violence , according police . The mountainous Kashmir region is divided among Pakistan , China and India . In the past , India has poured thousands of security forces into its part of Kashmir to fight what India called a Pakistan-inspired insurgency . However , since the defeat of the insurgency , Indian forces have found themselves fighting Kashmiris who say they have suffered oppression and want independence from Hindu-dominated India .	Bhat launched pro-independence protests Kashmiris want independence from India Security forces imposed curfews in fear of violence after Bhat 's arrest
CNN  -- With fans still reeling from last Sunday 's Red Wedding episode , "  The Rains of Castamere , " the third season of "  Game of Thrones " comes to a close this weekend , and no one is waiting with more bated breath for that than Nikolaj Coster-Waldau , who plays Jaime Lannister , the Kingslayer on the HBO program . "  Even though I 've read all the scripts , I was n't around when they shot all of it , " he reminded CNN . "  So one of the things that 's great about this show is that I can actually watch it and enjoy it , despite knowing what 's going to happen . " Coster-Waldau , who recently appeared in the Tom Cruise film "  Oblivion " and is shooting "  The Other Woman , " a romantic comedy with Cameron Diaz and Leslie Mann , finds the most interesting aspect of watching "  Game of Thrones " is being able to reassess the constantly shifting scales of morality in a world where no one character is completely a hero or a villain  save for perhaps Joffrey ?  . Daenerys Targaryen , for instance , might be the Mother of Dragons and liberating slaves , "  but she 's burning down cities ! She 's killing all these other people ! " he laughed . "  I 'm sure a lot of those guards are just guys with families . " The Starks and their men , he pointed out , committed their own share of atrocities , even if they were portrayed as a more honorable family than the Lannisters . "  One of my favorite scenes with Brienne  played by Gwendoline Christie  was last season , when we come across three girls hanging , " Coster-Waldau recalled . "  Brienne kills the Stark guards , because they had just raped these women for no reason , because they thought it was within their rights . " If Ned Stark 's beheading in season one and the Red Wedding in season three taught us anything , Coster-Waldau said , it should be to look at the chain of consequences of each character 's actions . For instance , Catelyn did n't fully investigate a claim of attempted murder and arrested the wrong man , starting a war . And Robb broke a treaty of arranged marriage that was meant to broker an ally . "  In our world , for our morals , he did the right thing -- he married for love , " Coster-Waldau said . "  But it was a selfish thing to do , because when he did that , they lost the support of part of the army and prolonged the war and thousands more were killed . " The Red Wedding , as brutal as it was to see certain characters get slaughtered , had an unseen consequence : "  It stopped the war . The war is over . A lot more people were saved . " Of course , a Lannister would be in support of the Red Wedding -- the Lannisters had a little something to do with it , hence Roose Bolton 's statement before killing someone , "  The Lannisters send their regards . " Still , Coster-Waldau finds it interesting to gauge fan response and see which actions on the show provoke the more extreme reactions . He was surprised to see more people were disgusted in season one that Jaime Lannister "  was having sex with his own sister than that he pushed a kid out a window . " "  I thought , ` Well , he 's in love with her , and I would n't want that in my own life , but they 're two consenting adults , ' " he said . "  I would think you 'd be more upset about him trying to kill a kid . " In a subsequent episode , fans were in an uproar about Ned Stark killing a direwolf  Sansa 's direwolf Lady was punished in place of Arya 's Nymeria , since she had been forced to run off after attacking Joffrey  . "  In the scene right before that , you saw  Joffrey 's guard  the Hound riding in with the butcher 's boy  Micah  on his horse . He had just killed this little innocent kid , and no one was upset at that , " Coster-Waldau said . "  But then this mystical creature was killed , and that was crossing a line . That was shocking for people : ` How could they kill an innocent animal ? ' "  Were fans more upset that Robb 's direwolf Grey Wind was killed in his kennel than his men at their table ? At this point in the show , the perception of Coster-Waldau 's own character -- formerly considered a villain -- is shifting to the point where fans are rooting for him . Since losing his hand , Jaime Lannister has also become more sympathetic , "  because it 's such an obstacle and forces such a change in him . " His speech to Brienne , about how he killed the Mad King to save the city , also changes the meaning of his moniker , the Kingslayer , which had been used as a pejorative . "  I think he sees that as his finest moment , " Coster-Waldau said . "  He did break his vow to protect the king , but there was no way he could not break it . He had to . And he 's had to live with that choice ever since . " As Brienne and Jaime make their way to King 's Landing in the finale , the Lannisters are in a state of flux . Does Jaime even still love Cersei , who he dedicated his life to , now that he 's developed a new relationship based on mutual respect ? "  His relationship with Cersei is not a very healthy relationship , because it 's all on her terms , " Coster-Waldau noted . "  And for the first time in his life , he 's been together with another adult who is so unlike the world of King 's Landing , who says what she means , who does what she says , who walks the walk . He sees something in Brienne that he might have feared or lost in himself . " A sense of honor , perhaps . A sense of dedication . "  Losing his hand , he 's been forced to reconsider everything . " But do n't expect that relationship to be resolved in the final hour of this season , because as any good season finale will do , Coster-Waldau said , "  it will provide closure , and it will set up next year . But it will make for a tricky homecoming , that 's for sure ! "	After last week 's shocking episode of "  Game of Thrones , " stakes are high for Sunday finale The Kingslayer , played by Nikolaj Coster-Waldau , says there are no clear-cut heroes or villains The finale will provide closure , as well as raise new questions .
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Hundreds of Indonesian police officers charged into a prison in Bali on Wednesday to subdue rioting inmates who had set a building on fire and thrown stones at firefighters . The police arrived at Kerobokan Prison late Tuesday to ensure that no prisoners escaped during the rioting , said Ketut Untung Sayoga , the deputy chief of police in Bali , but did not enter the facility until daylight broke Wednesday . Three inmates were wounded , one of them shot in the leg by a rubber bullet , Sayoga said . The riot took place in a separate block from the one housing foreign inmates . None of the 60 foreign prisoners were harmed , Sayoga said . The prison is where Schapelle Corby , an Australian beauty therapist convicted in 2005 of smuggling nine pounds of marijuana into Bali , is serving a 20 year prison sentence . The 12 Australians in the prison were unharmed , said Ray Marcelo , a public affairs official at the Australian Embassy in Jakarta . Kerobokan Prison is in southern Bali , a few kilometers from Denpasar Airport and the popular tourist area of Kuta . It appeared to be under control Wednesday but remained heavily guarded .	Three inmates are wounded after police storm a prison in Bali Rioters started a fire and threw stones and firefighters No foreign prisoners were harmed in the violence
LONDON , England  CNN  -- They first met in the autumn of 1979 ; she playing the role of the lovelorn terrorist , he dressed as a rather sloppy Ayatollah Khomeini . Pamela Stephenson first met Billy Connolly on the set of a comedy show in 1979 . They married in Fiji in 1990 . It may not have been love at first sight on the set of British comedy show "  Not the Nine O'Clock News , " but love , marriage and children eventually followed . Australian comedienne , now psychotherapist , Pamela Stephenson , describes being captivated by Billy Connolly 's wildman looks , his mane of grey hair and devil-may-care demeanor . She tells CNN 's Revealed about her first impressions of her husband , his unique ability to keep audiences entertained and what she learnt about his addictions and childhood abuse while writing his best-selling biography , "  Billy . " CNN : Take us back to the beginning . How did you meet Billy Connolly ? Pamela Stephenson : I 'm not quite sure what Billy 's version of how we met is like because he was very drunk . I met him when I was a performer on "  Not The Nine O'Clock News " and he was a guest . He was just shaggy and some kind of terrible beastie . But I was attracted to him immediately , maybe because he was so unusual . I think what I picked up on was his dichotomy -- that beastiness and the underlying sensitivity that he has . I think that 's something that audiences relate to , you 're aware of all the toughness , but underneath you just know that there 's philosophy and this poetic , Celtic nature that speaks to people . Also his pain , his underlying sadness and the pain of his childhood ... when I first met him I think I connected with that . He played the Ayatollah Khomeini in a scene on "  Not The Nine O'Clock News " and I played a demented fan singing a love song to him , it was in days when you could do stuff like that , I suppose . And then we did an interview , I pretending to be British TV personality Janet Street-Porter , with giant fake teeth which kept falling out . Of course , he could never keep a straight face ; I thought he was dreadfully unprofessional because he just kept laughing , especially when my teeth fell out -- my fake teeth -- fell out . CNN : What 's it like being married to him ? PS : People always think that being married to Billy means that I get non-stop Billy Connolly concerts . It 's not nearly as exciting as that , although he 's adorable . But it 's boring sometimes and he would say the same . There are moments when I wish he would go and make me a cup of tea , which he does very often . Actually , Billy is quite a quiet person . He 's a little reclusive and I do n't think it 's necessarily his personality . With the highs he experiences on stage he needs to be very quiet when he 's not . Billy Connolly takes CNN 's Revealed on a tour of his home " CNN : What made you write a biography of his life ? Was it the first time he opened up about his childhood ? PS : When I wrote "  Billy , " it was the first time that Billy really looked at his childhood in a chronological order and with depth . It was a painful process , but cathartic . The book gave me the opportunity to understand a lot more about him . Just putting some of this together , the sexual abuse , for example , that he received from his father , the physical abuse he received from his aunts , helped me understand why there 's a part of him that 's very closed off . Watch Billy recall his troubled childhood " His learning disability was never understood . Now we 'd call it an attention disorder . In those days , he had difficulty concentrating , for which he was beaten and taunted at school . People told him he was stupid and to this day there 's a part of him that thinks that 's he 's not as clever as other people and yet he is absolutely brilliant . He 's incredibly well-read and very erudite . CNN : Can you tell us about Billy 's problems with alcohol and drugs and how you helped him ? PS : Billy was extremely famous in Scotland , and you know what happens , especially with people who do n't think they are very worthy . As with Billy , they do n't handle fame because they do n't feel they deserve it and they 'll turn to alcohol and drugs . It became very serious and by the time I met him he was on a very self-destructive path . At first , that was appealing to me , but later I realized I ca n't be with somebody like that because I do n't want to watch him destroy himself . I did n't tell him , "  You 've got ta clean up your act , " I just said I ca n't deal with this . I discovered you ca n't make anyone stop drinking or stop taking drugs , you have to just protect yourself and if they want to jump on the good train , they will . Fortunately it worked . CNN : How would you describe Billy 's style of comedy ? PS : Billy does n't have a style , because to have a style it would mean that there have to be other people with a similar way of working . He goes on stage and it 's like he 's got these comedy angels whispering in his ear . He makes this extraordinary connection with the audience , and of course he 's very astute and funny about politics . He sees the funny side of all kinds of things -- human nature , human behavior , world events , politicians . He 'll talk about that with such passion . It 's what many of us think but do n't want to say . Billy will see something on television or notice something on the street or he 'll just think something and it 'll go into his computer of a brain and it 'll stumble out when he 's on stage . See Billy Connolly perform on a recent tour of Ireland " CNN : Is he the same person on and off stage ? PS : He 's honest and real . He 's a man of the people , a working class hero . It 's a cliché , but people know that he has struggled ; they know he 's come from the tough part of Glasgow . Billy just loves an audience , he loves speaking to people if they 're nice to him , and they usually are . When he 's finished his show , he does n't go home . He stays in his dressing room and people will come and see him and he 'll talk to them for another hour . CNN : He says he 's getting more and more nervous when he goes on stage -- have you noticed a change ? PS : I do n't think he 's getting more nervous . At his age , maybe he thinks that it should have become easier -- well , it 's not going to become easier . It 's incredibly tough to go on stage in front of four or five thousand people and sustain -LSB- their interest -RSB- by yourself . And one thing that really impresses me , again as a psychologist , is that I think he is really healing . I think that people really have the opportunity to just laugh like that and it 's so good for you . I feel fantastic when I go to one of his shows and come out and I 'm just sick with laughter . CNN : How does he feel when he comes off stage ? He says it can be tough and envies the audience . They can go home and forget about it . PS : Most performers struggle with the letdown after a show , and Billy 's no exception . It 's tough because it takes time for adrenalin to leave the system . That 's actually one reason why a lot of comedians turn to alcohol , because it 's a depressant and takes you down . Now that Billy does n't drink he 's found another way -- he goes back to his hotel and stays quiet . Sometimes he likes to eat after the show but not very often . He will just want to veg out , watch TV . Playing his banjo is a great way for him to relax . Watch a rare performance of Billy on banjo " He does n't like me being around when he 's touring because he just likes to do his thing . I want to have some food or go and do something . He becomes a bit of a hermit , and that 's appropriate for someone who expends that amount of energy and brainpower on stage . CNN : Billy says he finds the routine of touring increasingly tough -- do you think he will stop soon ? PS : When Billy 's touring , he 'll say , "  Oh I do n't want to tour anymore , I 've had enough it 's too hard on the road . " But the truth is , when he 's not touring , he wants to go back . It 's probably his happiest time . I have been a comedian so I know a little bit about what it 's like to be on stage and know that when things are working fantastically , and you 're getting that appreciation from the audience . It is an incredible high . It 's pretty hard for me as a wife or us as a family or any of his fans or friends to match up to that kind of adulation and so , you know , he deserves it and I have to remind him that it is a lot of fun for him . CNN : How would you describe his dress sense ? PS : Billy is a fashion maven . He spends most of his time in New York now so , you know , the New York "  Black is the new black " is ... that 's got to him a bit . He 's influenced by Rock 'n' Roll and Vivienne Westwood and edgy stuff . But he just puts it together in his own unique way . He also takes great pride in his body . His closet is still extremely fun . It 's far more colorful than mine . I have grey and black suits and things for work -- he loves colorful shirts . It will be a shame if he tones himself down , but I do n't think that will happen . He borrows my clothes sometimes , if he sees something particularly mad . We used to say , "  First up , best dressed , " which is the Glasgow expression for a particularly fun brooch or hat .	Pamela Stephenson talks about marriage to Scottish comedian Billy Connelly They met on the set of British comedy show "  Not the Nine O'Clock News " She says writing his biography , "  Billy , " helped her understand him better Stephenson : "  It 's like he 's got these comedy angels whispering in his ear "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama has accepted the resignation of Louis Caldera , the director of the White House Military Office responsible for the controversial low-altitude flyover of New York by a 747 plane used as Air Force One , the White House said Friday . The 747 used as Air Force One flies over the Statue of Liberty in this photo released by the White House . The photo shoot , which President Obama said he was "  furious " with , happened on April 27 . The image of a low-flying plane accompanied by an F-16 fighter jet sent some New Yorkers into the streets and into a panic -- reminding them of the tragic 9/11 attacks on the city . Building evacuations also took place across the Hudson River in Jersey City , New Jersey . Read more of Obama 's reaction Caldera later apologized for the flyover . "  I have concluded that the controversy surrounding the Presidential Airlift Group 's aerial photo shoot over New York City has made it impossible for me to effectively lead the White House Military Office , " Caldera said in a letter to Obama . "  Moreover , it has become a distraction to the important work you are doing as president . After much reflection , I believe it is incumbent on me to tender my resignation and step down as director of the White House Military Office . " The White House also released a photo of the flyover and a report on the incident on Friday . In the report , the White House said Caldera , who had been traveling with President Obama when the flyover plans were initially discussed , did not remember a conversation in which his deputy , George Mulligan , informed him of the flyover . Caldera did not open an e-mail about final plans for the flyover until after it had happened , the report said , noting Caldera had been suffering from severe muscle spasms and had left the office early on several days . Although recommendations by several parties involved in the flyover had been made that White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs and Deputy Chief of Staff Jim Messina be informed of the plans , the report said , that job was left to Caldera , who did not pass the information along . The flyover , officials said , was a training mission -- it was also a government-sanctioned photo shoot . Military officials estimate the mission and the photo shoot , aimed at updating file photos of Air Force One -- cost $ 328,835 in taxpayer money . But they said "  the hours would have been flown regardless , and the expenses would have been accrued on a different mission . " Witnesses reported seeing the plane circle over the Upper New York Bay near the Statue of Liberty before flying up the Hudson River . Watch the plane fly over Manhattan " A YouTube video showed people standing in a parking lot , watching the plane approach . As it nears , they begin to run . "  Run , run ! " said one person . "  Oh my God , " cried another . Mayor Michael Bloomberg was visibly angry last week . "  I 'm annoyed -- furious is a better word -- that I was n't told , " he said , adding that the decision by the White House Military Office and Federal Aviation Administration to withhold details about the flight were "  ridiculous " and "  poor judgment . " But according to Air Force Capt. Anna Carpenter , local law enforcement agencies and the FAA had been notified of the exercise . New York Police Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne confirmed that department had been alerted about the flight "  with directives to local authorities not to disclose information about it . "	President reportedly was furious over flight , which frightened New Yorkers A plane used as Air Force One was taking part in official photo shoot , FAA says The flyover cost taxpayers $ 328,000 and has riled politicians , public
CNN  -- What on Earth would drive a man to swim in Arctic waters wearing nothing but Speedos , goggles and a cap ? Lewis Pugh braves the icy water off the arctic archipelogo of Svalbard . For Lewis Pugh , it was a love of the environment and a passionate desire to save the Arctic from global warming . His 1 km swim  0.62 of a mile  in 2007 made him the first person to complete a long-distance swim at the North Pole -- the purpose , to highlight the fact that it was possible to swim for a kilometer in a place that should be solid ice . Pugh , now aged 39 , is a former maritime lawyer who abandoned his practice six years ago to become a full-time environmentalist and adventurer . Since then he has become the first person to complete long-distance swims in all five of the world 's oceans and has become the world 's leading cold water swimmer . Born in England and brought up in South Africa , Pugh sees himself in the mould of pioneering adventurers like Sir Edmund Hillary , fearlessly braving waters no one else would dare swim . But rather than just aiming for a place in the history books , his motivation is to publicize the environmental damage he has witnessed on his swims . In 2006 , to raise awareness about global warming and that year 's drought in England , Pugh swam the entire length of the River Thames -- all except the first 26 miles , which had already dried up . He took a break from the 200-mile journey to call in at No. 10 Downing Street , where he discussed climate change with Tony Blair . The next year , Pugh became the first person to swim the 87 mile-width of the Maldives . The 10-day swim was Pugh 's way of raising awareness of how climate change is threatening to submerge low-lying islands . But he is best known for his North Pole adventure . His Arctic swim lasted 19 minutes in temperatures of around minus 2 degrees Celsius . Were any normal person to fall into waters that cold they would be in serious trouble . Pugh 's long-time coach Professor Tim Noakes told CNN , "  People usually drown very quickly on exposure to cold water because they start to hyperventilate and when you hyperventilate you ca n't coordinate . They inhale water and they ca n't coordinate their swimming . Most people ca n't even go 20 meters if they are exposed to ice-cold water . " But Pugh has developed a unique mechanism for overcoming freezing conditions . He is apparently able to increase his body temperature by will power alone . In a process that Noakes has dubbed "  anticipatory thermogenesis " , Pugh can raise his body temperature to a feverish 38.4 C , some 1.5 degrees above normal body temperature . Noakes first noted this extraordinary ability during a training session . Before entering the water , Pugh cast his mind back to a traumatic parachuting accident he witnessed when he was a soldier in the British army , reliving the event in detail . Noakes recorded an increase in Pugh 's body temperature and over the next fortnight , as Pugh was exposed to more cold-water swims , he was able to increase his temperature even further , peaking at 38.4 C . These days , before Pugh braves sub-zero waters he listens to U.S.rapper Eminem , gets himself into an aggressive state of mind and drives up his internal temperature . Once he hits the water , it 's all about mental strength . Noakes told CNN "  The moment you dive into cold water your temperature drops and the brain sends a message to get out of the water . The first thing Pugh has to do is control that response . What happens is that I become his brain , so he says ` fine , as long as Dr Noakes allows me to swim , it 's safe and I must just ignore what my brain is telling me . ' " Achieving that level of willpower does n't come easily . While Pugh does an hour of cold-water swimming a day , he devotes four hours a day to mind training . His technique is to visualize his swim from beginning to end . "  I can taste salt water in my mouth . I can hear the sounds of the engines , of Tim Noakes screaming at me . I can feel ice burning my skin , I can smell the sea air . I absolutely live that moment . I have swum the North Pole hundreds of times in my mind , " he told CNN . If the Arctic swim was intended to highlight shrinking polar ice caps , Pugh acknowledges that there 's still plenty of work to do on that front and he now speaks on environmental issues all over the world . In 2008 Pugh founded the Polar Defense Project with the aim of protecting the Arctic and of encouraging world leaders to take action to stop climate change . As well the risk of polar melting , Pugh sees an Arctic treaty as essential to prevent the exploitation of the North Pole for oil and gas . As Pugh put it after completing his Arctic swim , "  I 'm relieved that it 's over . Now the real work begins . "	Lewis Pugh was the first man to complete a long-distance swim in the Arctic "  Most people ca n't go 20 meters in ice-cold water , " says his coach Pugh is able to increase his body temperature using will power alone His extreme swims are intended to publicize the effects of global warming
CNN  -- People with a stable mood and better capacity to handle stressful situations without anxiety have a reduced risk of developing dementia , according to a study published this week in the journal Neurology . Stress can increase the risk of dementia in older people , a study has found . This finding was particularly strong in highly extroverted people , the study said . Subjects who were both socially active and not easily stressed had the lowest risk for dementia . But even socially isolated individuals who were more calm and self-satisfied showed a reduced likelihood of dementia , the study said . Extroverted people usually have more optimistic outlooks on life , and "  may be better equipped to cope with stressful events and therefore less prone to depression , " said Hui-Xin Wang of the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm , Sweden , and lead author of the study . The study looked at 506 older people from the Kungsholmen Project in Stockholm who did not have dementia at the first examination . These people then filled out questionnaires that determined their personality types and level of social activity . Those who said they were easily distressed were classified as having high neuroticism . Researchers followed these participants for six years , during which time 144 of them developed dementia . Although it is not easy to change someone 's personality , "  The good news of our finding is that an active lifestyle -- having a rich social network and participating in physical , mental and social activities -- may buffer the negative effect of high neuroticism on dementia risk , " Wang said . One in seven Americans age 71 and older , or about 3.4 million , have dementia , according to the National Institutes of Health . In this age-group , 2.4 million people have Alzheimer 's disease , NIH research has shown . Alzheimer 's disease is the most common cause of dementia , according to the Mayo Clinic . Previous research has documented that personality factors may play a role in how people cope with dementia . This study is unique in that it looks at a combination of different lifestyle and personality traits , said Dr. Yaakov Stern , professor of clinical neurology at Columbia University Medical Center , who was not involved with the study . Stern and colleagues have found that people with higher educational or occupational attainment , or who engage in leisure activities , appear less demented . They call this concept "  cognitive reserve , " because these lifestyle factors seem to allow them to cope with the pathology of the disease better . That is , as the disease progresses in the brain , those who have a greater "  reserve " do not show symptoms of Alzheimer 's -- memory loss and impairment of day-to-day functions -- as quickly . Mounting evidence suggests that lifestyle factors also directly influence brain changes , he said . The Swedish study builds off the established idea in the field that stress actually harms the brain . The pathology of dementia appears about 10 to 15 years before a person actually develops Alzheimer 's disease , Stern said . That means , just like a man with prostate cancer may not have any symptoms , a person 's brain may have undergone changes that lead to Alzheimer 's without visibly affecting a person 's day-to-day life . Doctors can look for indications of the disease using positron emission tomography  PET  scans . A chemical called Pittsburgh Compound B is used in the imaging of brain tissues to find signatures of Alzheimer 's -- namely , beta-amyloid plaques and neurofibrillary tangles . "  The working idea is that if we can detect it before it 's clinically expressed and stop it then , we can prevent people from developing the disease , " Stern said .	Study : Less-stressed older individuals had lower risk of developing dementia 3.4 million Americans age 71 and older have some form of dementia Some people do not show symptoms of Alzheimer 's but have pathology
CNN  -- Rep. John Dingell of Michigan became the longest-serving member of Congress on Friday with 57 years , five months , 27 days and counting on Capitol Hill . His longevity record eclipses that of the late Sen. Robert Byrd of West Virginia . Here 's a look at congressional tenure , by the numbers : 9.1 years : Average length of service in the United States House of Representatives as of January 2013 , according to the Congressional Research Service . 10.2 years : Average length of service in the U.S. Senate as of January 2013 . 13.4 years : Peak average length of service in the House in the 111th Congress  2009-2010  . 37 : Percent of congressmen in the 113th Congress that have between 0 and 8 years of experience . 20 , 11 : Average percentage of members of Congress who have n't sought re-election , in the 20th and 21st centuries . 51 years , 5 months , 26 days : Length of time Robert Byrd , D-West Virginia , served in the Senate -- January 3 , 1959-June 28 , 2010 . 6 years : Length of time Byrd served in the House -- January 3 , 1953-January 3 , 1959 . 57 years , 5 months , 27 days : Length of time Rep. John Dingell , Jr. , D-Michigan , has served in the House -- December 13 , 1955-present . 22 years 6 months 17 days : Length of time his father , Rep. John Dingell Sr. , served in the House -- March 3 , 1933-September 19-1955 . 38 years 5 months , 5 days : Length of service for Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , the longest currently serving senator -- January 3 , 1975-present . 60 days : Term of former Sen. Dean Barkley , D-Minnesota . He was appointed to the seat of Sen. Paul Wellstone , who was killed in a plane crash in 2002 . 36 years , 5 months , 5 days : Length of congressional service for Sen. Barbara Mikulski , D-Maryland , longest-serving female . She served five terms in the House and is in her fifth term in the Senate -- January 3 , 1977-January 3 , 1987 , in the House ; January 3 , 1987-present in the Senate . 25 : Times John Conyers , D-Michigan , has been elected to Congress . He is the longest-serving African-American in congressional history . Conyers was first elected in 1964 . 51 : Senators in the 113th Congress who had previously served in the House .	Rep. John Dingell became longest-serving member of Congress on Friday Dingell 's record eclipses that of former Sen. Robert Byrd of West Virginia Contrast that with the 60 days that Dean Barkley served to finish Paul Wellstone 's term Dingell and his father , John Dingell Sr. , served a total of 80 years in Congress
CNN  Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has decided to "  actively explore " a presidential bid after conversations with his family over Thanksgiving , he said in a Facebook post Tuesday . While Bush had been making steps toward a presidential bid with recent speeches in early primary states and plans to release documents from his time period as governor , the timing of Tuesday 's announcement was widely unexpected and will quicken the pace for some would-be Republican primary challengers . In the post , Bush writes that over the holiday he "  talked about the future of the nation " with his family . "  As a result of these conversations and thoughtful consideration of the kind of strong leadership I think America needs , I have decided to actively explore the possibility of running for President of the United States , " he said . Bush has been moving toward a run for months and in recent days sparked renewed speculation over his plans with a visit to the all-important early primary state of South Carolina to give a commencement speech Monday , and his comments in a Sunday interview that he felt he "  would be a good president . " RELATED : Bush to grads : ` Shake things up ' Democrats scoffed at his announcement . Democratic National Committee spokesman Mo Elleithee suggested it was simply meant to draw press , but dismissed the possibility of a Bush run either way . "  I do n't know what the difference is between ` thinking about ' running and ` actively exploring ' running , but I suspect it has a lot to do with keeping his name in the news , " Elleithee said . "  However you see it , there 's no parsing this simple fact : Jeb Bush has fully embraced the failed economic agenda that benefits only a select few at the expense of the middle class . That 's not going to change no matter how many different ways he says he may run . " Bush 's announcement is sure to speed up the timeline for many other potential Republican presidential contenders on whether to jump in as well . Bush is seen as a top pick for establishment Republicans hoping to encourage the party to nominate a candidate they see as most electable on the national stage . Many observers believe if Bush jumps in the race , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio -- who 's been mentored by Bush since his entry into Florida politics -- would n't run . And he 'd likely make it tougher for some of the more establishment-minded governors , like Texas Gov. Rick Perry or New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , to find footing in the race . However , a source near Rubio said Tuesday that while Bush 's announcement changes the dynamic of the race , the junior Florida Senator is still "  on track to run for president " in 2016 . And Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , who has been actively preparing for a bid and would likely run to Bush 's right flank , also seemed nonplussed by the announcement . "  I think we 're a big tent -- we can use moderates , conservatives , libertarians -- we need em all , " he told reporters walking into the Capitol . Asked whether he could win the nomination , Paul demurred . "  I think the more the merrier -- the public will determine that . " Bush added in Tuesday 's post that he hopes "  to visit with many of you and have a conversation about restoring the promise of America " in the coming months . RELATED : 6 things to know about Jeb Bush Bush also announced the creation of a PAC , which will aim to "  support leaders , ideas and policies that will expand opportunity and prosperity for all Americans . " He added that the PAC would "  facilitate conversations with citizens across America to discuss the most critical challenges facing our exceptional nation . " On Sunday , Bush also announced plans to release about 250,000 emails from his time in office and an upcoming e-book about his time as governor , moves seen as efforts to re-introduce Americans to his governing chops in preparation to emerge as a more prominent player on the national stage . If he does make his bid official , he 'll likely face fierce opposition from conservatives in the primary , who have long been frustrated with his advocacy for Common Core educational standards and his support for a more moderate vision of immigration reform . RELATED : Bush releases 250,000 emails He 's previously expressed support for a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants , though he 's wavered in that support since . And while he 's come out in opposition to President Barack Obama 's executive actions on immigration , he 's also urged Republicans to act on immigration reform "  rather than have their heads explode . " That moderation on immigration reform -- and his diverse family , as his wife was born in Mexico and he speaks fluent Spanish -- have many in the GOP hopeful Bush could help the party overcome some of their deficit with Hispanic voters , which has proven to be problematic for them in national races . Despite the likely conservative opposition , Bush has hinted he would n't shift to the far-right to please GOP primary voters if he runs . During the Wall Street Journal CEO Council annual meeting earlier this month , Bush warned that the GOP presidential nominee should n't "  lose the primary to win the general without violating your principles . " The comments came as the conservative and more centrist wings of the GOP continue to debate a path forward for the party , with many on the right arguing former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney lost in 2012 because he did n't stand strong enough on conservative principles . But Romney and Bush , despite the conservative criticism , remain two of the most popular figures in the party , and indeed both led the recent McClatchy-Marist national poll of the potential GOP presidential field . Romney took 19 percent , while Bush came in second with 14 percent support ; with Romney out of the race , Bush would lead with 16 percent support , followed by former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee with 12 percent . Dana Bash and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Other 2016 hopefuls maintain that Bush 's announcement would n't prevent them from running Bush posted Tuesday on his social media accounts that he 's exploring a presidential bid Bush has been making moves toward a run -- particularly in the past 48 hours Democrats said that Bush 's announcement was more about keeping his name in the news
CNN  -- Nicolas Anelka 's ill-fated move to China appears to be over after Italian club Juventus claimed on Saturday that the former France striker is poised to join on a short-term deal . Anelka moved to Shanghai Shenhua from English side Chelsea on a two-year contract in January 2012 after agreeing a deal reportedly worth more than $ 300,000 a week , but could now sign for Juve in a cut-price five-month package worth $ 800,000 . Shenhua struggled to ninth place in the Chinese Super League last year despite also signing Anelka 's former Chelsea teammate Didier Drogba on an even higher pay packet . Anelka took over as team coach for a brief period after Jean Tigana was sacked , with former Argentina World Cup winner Sergio Batista subsequently being appointed . The 33-year-old will reportedly join Serie A champions Juventus before the end of the January transfer window , as the club 's bosses seek to boost their attacking options ahead of the expected July signing of Spain striker Fernando Llorente . On Saturday Anelka posted an internet picture of himself at an airport , which fellow Twitter users purported to be en route to that of Juve 's home city Turin . He has been training with his first senior team , Paris Saint-Germain . He has been involved in transfers worth a total $ 140 million , playing for top clubs such as Real Madrid , Liverpool , Manchester City , Arsenal and Fenerbahce . "  This summer we made a significant investment to try and strengthen the group but clearly at this stage we are in an emergency situation , " Juventus sporting director Beppe Marotta told the Sky Italia TV channel . "  As a result , it is logical to make this signing . It should be made official in the next few days . We have an agreement with Anelka for five months with the possibility to sign a further deal if agreeable to both parties . " Juve dropped points in Saturday 's frustrating 1-1 draw at home to third-bottom Genoa , but still moved six clear at the top . Striker Fabio Quagliarella scored his seventh league goal in 15 matches in the 54th minute , but Marco Borriello -- who spent the second half of last season on loan at Juve -- leveled with a diving header quarter of an hour later . Third-placed Lazio could have cut Juve 's then five-point lead to two in Saturday 's earlier game , but lost 1-0 to midtable Chievo to stay below Napoli on goal difference . Napoli can now reduce the deficit in Sunday 's trip to Parma , while fourth-placed Inter Milan host Torino . English Premier League leaders Manchester United reached the fifth round of the FA Cup with a 4-1 victory at home to Fulham , as striker Javier Hernandez netted twice after goals from Wayne Rooney and veteran Ryan Giggs , with a penalty . Arsenal snatched a 3-2 win at second division Brighton as France striker Olivier Giroud scored twice and fellow forward Theo Walcott came off the bench to strike a decisive late goal . Norwich became the first top-flight team since 1989 to lose to a non-league side in the world 's oldest knockout tournament , crashing 1-0 at home to Luton . The Premier League 's bottom team Queens Park Rangers lost 4-2 at third division MK Dons , following Friday 's exit by fellow strugglers Aston Villa at the hands of second tier Millwall . Manchester City , Everton , Reading and Wigan went through . In Germany , Bayer Leverkusen returned to second place despite being held 0-0 by Freiburg on Saturday . Leverkusen moved a point above two-time defending champions Borussia Dortmund , who won 3-0 at home to Nuremberg on Friday . Bayern Munich go into Sunday 's trip to Stuttgart with an eight-point lead . In Spain , Valencia moved up to fifth place after snatching 3-2 win at bottom club Deportivo La Coruna , as Ricardo Costa headed home in time added on before Paulo Assuncao became the second home player to be sent off . Deportivo had led 2-1 at halftime through a Riki double , but on-loan Portuguese defender Silvio was sent off seven minutes after the break for a second bookable offense . Levante earlier won 2-1 at home to midtable Valladolid thanks to a 90th-minute own goal from Serbian defender Antonio Rukavina , which put "  Los Granotes " behind their Valencian rivals on goal difference .	Reports claim Nicolas Anelka is due to join Juventus from Chinese club Shanghai Shenhua Italian club 's sporting director says 33-year-old will sign five-month deal "  in next few days " Striker is one of most costly players in football history after several big-money moves Italian league leaders Juventus drop points in 1-1 draw at home to struggling Genoa
A teacher at a Catholic school in Indiana is suing the diocese where she worked after being fired because the in vitro fertilization treatments she received were considered against church teachings . Emily Herx , a former English teacher at St. Vincent de Paul School in Fort Wayne , filed a federal lawsuit against the school and the Diocese of Fort Wayne-South Bend . She says in the suit filed Friday that she was discriminated against in 2011 after the school 's pastor found out that she had begun treatments with a fertility doctor , according to the complaint . Herx says the school 's priest called her a "  grave , immoral sinner " and told her she should have kept mum about her fertility treatments because some things are "  better left between the individual and God , " the complaint said . "  I did n't think I was doing anything wrong , " Herx told CNN on Thursday . "  I had never had any complaints about me as a teacher . " The diocese responded , saying it "  views the core issue raised in this lawsuit as a challenge to the diocese 's right , as a religious employer , to make religious based decisions consistent with its religious standards on an impartial basis . " In its statement , diocese officials said that "  the church promotes treatment of infertility through means that respect the right to life , the unity of marriage , and procreation brought about as the fruit of the conjugal act . There are other infertility treatments , such as in vitro fertilization , which are not morally licit according to Catholic teaching . " The statement adds that teachers working in the diocese are required to "  have a knowledge and respect for the Catholic faith , and abide by the tenets of the Catholic Church . " Herx said she underwent her first in vitro fertilization treatment in March 2010 , and immediately told her supervisor , the school 's principal . "  The first time she was made aware that my husband and I had to go through fertility treatments , she said , ` You are in my prayers , ' " Herx said . "  To me , that was support . " It was after she requested time off for her second treatment more than a year later that the school 's pastor , Msgr. John Kuzmich , requested to meet with Herx , according to the complaint . During the meeting , Herx says Kuzmich told her that it would have been better if she had n't said anything about the treatments because they could cause a scandal . Eleven days later , Herx said , she was notified that her contract at the school would not be renewed because of "  improprieties related to church teachings or law . " Observers say Herx 's case bears some of the hallmarks of the case of Cheryl Perich , a former teacher who was fired from a religious school in Michigan after taking a medical leave of absence in 2004 . At issue was whether the Americans with Disabilities Act applies to hiring and firing decisions involving "  ministerial employees , " such as teachers who teach secular subjects . The U.S. Supreme Court decided that Perich -- who taught secular subjects along with a religion class -- was considered a "  minister " and could in fact be fired based on church doctrine . "  The interest of society in the enforcement of employment discrimination statutes is undoubtedly important , " Chief Justice John Roberts said at the time . "  But so too is the interest of religious groups in choosing who will preach their beliefs , teach their faith and carry out their mission . " Herx and her lawyer , Kathleen DeLaney , say that since Herx taught only English , she should be exempt from the so-called ministerial exception . Herx noted that after being hired at St. Vincent de Paul School in 2003 , she never taught religion and never held an official title within the Catholic Church . But some legal observers say that because Herx worked at a Catholic school , her decision to undergo fertility treatments could be construed as a clash with the school 's broader mission . "  The doctrine exists in order to protect the religious institution 's right to protect their message , " said Richard Garnett , a law professor at the University of Notre Dame . But Gregory Lipper , senior litigation counsel at Americans United for Separation of Church and State , disagreed , saying that deeming an English teacher "  a minister " in a religious school constitutes "  Exhibit A of what goes wrong if the exception becomes too broad . " "  If a teacher of purely secular subjects is considered a minister , then the implication of that is that everyone who works for a Catholic school would be considered a minister , " he said . "  It becomes an open license to discriminate . "	Emily Herx says she was fired because she received in vitro fertilization treatments She was a teacher at a Catholic school in Indiana The diocese says core issue raised in suit challenges its right to use religious standards
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- The Somali government has asked Russia to intervene against pirates who have seized a Ukrainian cargo ship , the Somali ambassador to Russia said Wednesday . The U.S. Navy released this observance photo of the MV Faina , which is loaded with weapons and tanks . But the Russian navy issued a statement later in the day saying it had no intention of using force against the pirates , the Russian news agency Interfax reported . "  The questions of freeing the ships and crew are being dealt with in line with the corresponding international practices , " Interfax quoted Navy spokesman Igor Dygalo as saying . "  For understandable reasons , the use of force would be an extreme measure because it could threaten the life of the international crew of the ship . " The pirates took over the MV Faina last week off the coast of Somalia and are demanding a $ 20 million ransom for the ship 's cargo of 33 Soviet-made T-72 tanks , tank artillery shells , grenade launchers and small arms . The ship is anchored within Somalia 's 12-mile territorial limit . "  The government and the president of Somalia are allowing the Russian naval ships to enter our waters , and fight against pirates both in the sea and on the land , that is , if they would have to chase them , " Amb . Mohamed Handule said at a news conference in Moscow . "  We think that this issue of piracy has exceeded all limits . It is very dangerous that pirates are now laying their hands on arms -- not just for Somalia , not only for the navigating , but for the entire region in general , " he added . "  Right now , pirates are controlling the sea in this area , but just imagine if they get control of the land too . " The announcement raised concern among some officials monitoring the situation . Watch Russian warships move to confront pirates " "  We may have bad news , " said Andrew Mwangura of the Kenya Seafarers Association . Mwangura said some of the Ukrainian crew 's family members are concerned for their loved ones ' safety and have called him to see if he can communicate with the pirates . He urged negotiations to continue . "  For the safety of the crew members , " Mwangura said , "  let the ship owners talk with the pirates . " Watch Mwangura talk about the rise in pirating " A Russian navy ship sailing toward the Faina is in the Atlantic Ocean and "  still has a bit of water to get here , " said U.S. Navy Lt. Stephanie Murdock , who is stationed in nearby Bahrain . "  There is no estimated time of arrival yet . " The U.S. Navy has several ships in the area monitoring the situation . "  There have been no changes today , " Murdock said . The Navy has not communicated with the Russian ship but will work out coordination when it arrives , Murdock said . The Russian ship Neustrashimy is headed to the region solely to protect Russian shipping , according to the Russian navy spokesman . "  The navy command has been stressing that the Neustrashimy , from the Baltic Sea Fleet , has been given the task of arriving in the area of Somalia and guaranteeing for a certain time the safe seafaring of Russian ships in the area with a high risk of pirate attacks . The essence of the mission is to prevent the seizure of Russian ships by pirates , " Dygalo said . Handule , the Nigerian ambassador , seemed to criticize the United States for not taking action . "  Ships of more than 10 countries are now close to our shores , but we are not satisfied with the results of their activities , " he said . Citing U.N. Security Council Resolution 1816 , Handule said , "  We are inviting all countries , all states who have possibility to support Somalia to fight against ... pirates . We are especially inviting Russia and giving special status to Russian warships to fight , to help Somalia . " The latest developments came two days after three pirates were killed when they started shooting at each other , according to Mwangura , the Kenya maritime official . The shootout centered on a disagreement between moderate and radical pirates aboard the ship , Mwangura said . The moderates wanted to surrender , but the radicals did not . The pirates hijacked the ship off the coast of Somalia September 25 . The Faina had been headed to the Kenyan port of Mombasa after departing from Nikolayev , Ukraine , and was seized not far from its destination . The Faina is owned and operated by Kaalbye Shipping Ukraine , and its crew includes citizens of Ukraine , Russia and Latvia , the Navy said . Abdi Salan Khalif , commissioner of the coastal town of Harardhere , told CNN the pirates told a group of town elders that one crew member had died of high blood pressure problems . Attacks by pirates have increased dramatically in the waters off Somalia 's northern coast in the past year , prompting the U.S. and other coalition warships to widen their patrols in the region . Three ships were hijacked on August 21 in that area , the "  worst number of attacks " in a single day in many years , Capt. Pottengal Mukudan of the International Maritime Bureau told CNN . After the spate of attacks , the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet in Bahrain announced that it would begin patrolling a newly established shipping corridor in the Gulf of Aden in an attempt to protect international shipping . Canada also sent a warship through the end of September . The International Maritime Bureau said in April that 49 pirate attacks on ships were reported in the first three months of 2008 , compared with 41 for the same period last year . It recorded 263 pirates attacks last year , up from 239 the year before and the first increase in three years .	NEW : Somalia wants Russian warships to intervene ; Russia rules out using force Pirates captured Ukrainian MV Faina , loaded with weapons , off Somalia 's coast Officials fear weapons will get into terrorists ' hands Ships from 10 countries , including U.S. , in region ; Somalia fed up with inaction
CNN  -- After more than seven and a half years of military service , Prince William is leaving the armed forces to focus on royal duties and charity work , Kensington Palace said Thursday . William was a pilot with the Royal Air Force Search and Rescue Force . Known to his RAF comrades as Flight Lt. Wales , he had been stationed at a search-and-rescue base on the remote Welsh island of Anglesey since 2010 , and lived there with Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge . Prince William : I dream of Africa In the next few weeks , the pair will move into their official residence at Kensington Palace . The palace statement said that William is considering a "  number of options " for public service . For now , he will focus on his royal duties . He will also expand on his conservation work , dealing particularly with endangered species . Kensington Palace announced he will become president of a new collaboration among seven environmental groups . The group , United for Wildlife , will focus on fighting the illegal wildlife trade . William will also focus on charities that deal with children , veterans and service members . CNN 's Max Foster : Tired , elated Prince William could be any new dad William 's final search and rescue duty was Tuesday . "  He and his crew had an uneventful 24 hour shift , " the defense ministry said . "  Throughout his tour his airmanship , often in the most demanding of conditions , has contributed directly to saving lives in the mountains of North Wales and from the ravages of the Irish Sea . He has earned the respect of all who have worked with him as a highly professional and competent pilot , " the ministry said . Last year , he helped save a teenage girl who was in danger of drowning off the coast of Wales . The 16-year-old girl was caught in a rip current and rapidly losing strength . William , the grandson of Queen Elizabeth II , had just landed a Sea King helicopter nearby , after going out on a routine exercise , when the alert was radioed through . In less than a minute , he and the crew had reached the scene and a paramedic was winched down into the sea to assist the exhausted girl , who had just gone under water . Royal baby photos : Cozy or just bad ? There 's no suggestion that William , 31 , would ever drop out of public life , but he does crave normality . The prince gets some of that from his role in the military where he 's treated as "  one of the guys , " but he also gets it from Africa . Dreaming of Africa is one way that William escapes from the stresses he faces , he said . "  I regularly daydream , " The Duke of Cambridge reveals in the CNN documentary , "  Prince William 's Passion : New Hope , New Father , " which airs later this month . "  Africa is definitely one of the places I go to ... I have hundreds of animals on my iPhone . So if I am ever having quite a stressful day ... you can put a buffalo on in the background or a cricket , " he says .	NEW : William will become president of a group fighting the illegal wildlife trade William was a pilot with the Royal Air Force Search and Rescue Force He was known to his RAF comrades as Flight Lt. Wales
CNN  -- Police in Northern Ireland appealed for the community 's help after a fourth night of Catholic-Protestant violence in Belfast , which saw a number of officers injured . Five people , all in their teens or early 20s , were arrested in connection with the unrest , police said . Wednesday night 's violence began shortly before 8 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  and lasted for about six hours , the Police Service of Northern Ireland  PSNI  said . Are you there ? Share your stories , photos and videos In one incident , a car was stolen as the driver was getting inside and the vehicle was then set on fire , police said . Assistant Chief Constable Duncan McCausland said Wednesday 's violence involved a smaller group of people than on previous nights and included a "  hardcore group " of about 12 people . Northern Ireland 's marching season begins They threw objects including petrol bombs and fireworks at police . Police fired back with stun grenades and water cannons , they said . "  A number " of police officers were hurt but their injuries were not believed to be serious , the PSNI said . The violence began over the weekend after a decision to allow a Protestant parade to pass through a mainly Catholic neighborhood on July 12 , a day when Protestants march to celebrate the victory of England 's King William III over his ousted Catholic predecessor , James II , in 1689 . Known as The Twelfth , the holiday has previously been marred by violence and has been a source of tension between Catholics and Protestants for years . Police had to remove demonstrators who staged a sit-down protest to block this year 's march . Rioting erupted a short time later and more than 50 officers were hurt . The previous night , 27 officers were hurt , including three who were shot at close range by a masked man armed with a shotgun . McCausland said community leaders helped with the situation Wednesday night , but he urged them to do even more . "  A number of community workers worked hard to exercise their influence last night and I would thank them for that , " McCausland said . "  However , I would ask them to redouble their efforts . In this way , working together , we can help bring these incidents to an end . " British Prime Minister David Cameron on Wednesday denounced the "  completely unacceptable behavior " of those involved in the unrest . He dismissed any sectarian cause behind the violence , pointing out Northern Ireland 's police force is under local control , no longer governed by London . "  There is no excuse for anyone not to cooperate with that police force , " Cameron said .	Five people were arrested after a fourth night of violence in Belfast Those arrested are all in their teens or early 20s Protesters threw petrol bombs and fireworks at police Police are appealing for more community help to deal with the unrest
CNN  -- The Puerto Rico Police Department has a long pattern of violating citizens ' constitutional rights through excessive force and unwarranted searches , the Justice Department said in a report released Thursday . The analysis by the Justice Department 's civil rights division found the U.S. commonwealth 's police force is "  broken in a number of critical and fundamental respects . " Bucking the trend of decreasing crime in the United States , violent crime in Puerto Rico increased 17 % between 2007 and 2009 . The island has also seen a number of large protests in past years over issues such as the cost of public education and job cuts . Police confronted these challenges with too heavy a hand , the report said . In response to student protests in August 2009 , police used chemical agents , batons and physical force against protesters , according to the report . Protesters at other demonstrations have been met with chokeholds and rocks thrown by police , the report said . Puerto Rico has used excessive force that has violated and suppressed people 's right to exercise free speech , the Justice Department said . There is also evidence of unlawful search and seizure that violate the Fourth Amendment . Many of the abuses come from the police department 's strategy of sending tactical officers for community policing , according to the report . The Justice Department also found the police department fails to police sex crimes and cases of domestic violence , and discriminates by targeting people of Dominican descent . "  We find that these deficiencies will lead to constitutional violations unless they are addressed , " the report said . It is a "  longstanding practice " of the department to use force -- including deadly force -- in cases where lesser force or no force would have sufficed , the report said , adding that hundreds of people have been unnecessarily injured . The Justice Department also contends that there are problems not just with the way the Puerto Rico police department carries out its functions , but among the officers themselves . Between 2005 and 2010 , there were more than 1,700 arrests of police officers on charges ranging from theft to murder , the report said . Current police policies fail to guide officers , and there is a lack of oversight by superiors , according to the report . Training is also insufficient , it said . Puerto Rico Gov. Luis Fortuno said Thursday that long before the Justice Department report , his administration had already sent a 150-page study to federal authorities outlining changes the police would undertake . Fortuno said he was aware there were problems at the police department for years . The governor also said that police have been meeting with the Dominican community in Puerto Rico to address issues of discrimination in policing . One aspect of the report that Fortuno did not address was police corruption . The Puerto Rico Police Department is the second-largest in the United States . Assistant Attorney General Tom Perez described the crime situation in Puerto Rico as serious . There have been 786 killings so far this year in what looks to be a record-setting year . One refrain that federal investigators heard repeatedly in Puerto Rico is that they had to make a choice between preserving public safety and abiding by the Constitution . "  I categorically reject that false choice , " Perez said . He said history has shown that crime declines when the public has confidence in its police . "  Reforming the department wo n't be easy , and it will take time , " Perez said . He gave Fortuno 's government credit for giving investigators access to documents and personnel since the probe was opened in 2008 . Nationwide , there are 17 investigations such as the one in Puerto Rico against police departments in the United States , Perez said . Such probes are designed to make systematic changes in those departments . The American Civil Liberties Union , one of the groups that pushed for the investigation , said the report confirmed the level of violence and corruption in the Puerto Rico Police Department . "  With the facts laid bare , it is now the responsibility of the Puerto Rican government and the Justice Department to make sure the police abuse and brutality end as quickly as possible , " ACLU Executive Director Anthony Romero said in a statement . Journalist Dania Alexandrino contributed to this report .	NEW : ACLU says report confirms level of violence and corruption among police NEW : Puerto Rican governor says he is already making changes The Justice Department says civil rights are being violated by police in Puerto Rico The police force uses excessive force and unlawful searches , the report says
CNN  -- World number two Roger Federer continued his perfect start to the U.S. Open , brushing aside Germany 's Andreas Beck 6-3 6-4 6-3 on the Arthur Ashe Center Court . The Swiss , who won the Flushing Meadows tournament five times in a row between 2004 and 2008 , is yet to drop a set at the New York event . Last year 's beaten finalist took just one hour and 41 minutes to defeat Beck and will face France 's unseeded Paul-Henri Mathieu in the third round , who carded a 7-6 6-4 6-3 victory over compatriot Guillaume Rufin . Number three seed Novak Djokovic had to contend with crowd trouble on center court to overcome Philipp Petzschner , taking the match 7-5 6-3 7-6 . The incident occurred in the eighth game of the opening set , when there was a disturbance in the stands as Djokovic was set to claim the first service break of the match . According to the New York Times , a fight broke our between a male fan and two spectators , a woman in her 40 's and an elderly man . The row culminated with both men falling over two rows of seats before the three individuals involved were handcuffed and taken to a local police station . The 23-year-old Djokovic noticed the incident and told the newspaper : "  It was far away from the court ; we could n't really see what was going on . I hope it was no Serbian up there . " Petzschner recovered to hold his serve , but Serbia 's Djokovic got his break in the final game of the set to claim a straight-sets victory . Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko was stunned by Richard Gasquet , losing 6-3 6-4 6-2 to the Frenchman , who is ranked 38 in the world . The fifth seed is the highest placed player to be eliminated so far in New York , and he was joined by fellow seed Marin Cilic , who also tasted defeat on day four . Number 11 seed Cilic was undone by Kei Nishikori of Japan , eventually losing a five-set epic 5-7 7-6 3-6 7-6 6-1 . In a match lasting just under five hours , Croatia 's Cilic took the opening set before Nishikori leveled the match courtesy of a second-set tie break . It was a similar story for the next two sets , with Cilic claiming a comfortable win in the third , only for world number 147 Nishikori to pick up another tie break success in the fourth before crushing his higher-ranked opponent in the final set . There were no such problems for Robin Soderling , who swept aside home crowd favorite Taylor Dent in a 6-2 6-2 6-4 win . The fifth seed was a man in a hurry , defeating the unseeded American in one hour and 32 minutes . There was reason to cheer for the home crowd , with New York native James Blake advancing to the third round at the expense of Canada 's Peter Polansky . The former world number four took the match in four sets , recovering from one set down to seal a 6-7 6-3 6-2 6-4 triumph .	Number two seed Roger Federer defeats Andreas Beck in straight sets Serbia 's Novak Djokovic also into the third round after beating Philipp Petzschner Nikolay Davydenko becomes the highest placed seed to be eliminated Marian Cilic also suffers defeat against Kei Nishikori of Japan
CNN  -- An alleged child predator who taught at schools across the world for more than four decades may have more victims , and the FBI is trying to track them down , the agency 's Houston bureau said Tuesday . William James Vahey killed himself in Luverne , Minnesota , last month , two days after a federal judge in Houston said authorities could search one of Vahey 's thumb drives that allegedly contained images depicting sexual assault on children , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . There were images of at least 90 victims , dating back to 2008 , and the FBI is encouraging additional alleged victims to come forward . The images on the thumb drive allegedly belonging to Vahey showed boys , estimated to be between 12 and 14 years old , asleep or unconscious , the agency said . The images had captions and dates referencing places that Vahey had previously traveled with students , the FBI said . "  This is one of the most prolific alleged predators we 've ever seen , " Houston FBI Special Agent Shauna Dunlap told the station . Vahey began teaching in private schools in 1972 , the FBI says . He last taught at the American Nicaraguan School in Pista Suburbana , Managua , Nicaragua from August 2013 until March 11 , two days before he committed suicide , KPRC reported . The case came to law enforcement attention after Vahey fired his maid for allegedly stealing personal items from his home last year , KPRC said . In March , the ex-maid brought a stolen thumb drive to the American Nicaraguan School , saying she came forward because the drive contained sexual images , the station reported . The FBI said that when Vahey was confronted with the images , he "  reportedly admitted molesting boys throughout his entire life and said he gave the minors sleeping pills prior to the molestation . " He had residences in London and Hilton Head Island , South Carolina , and traveled extensively , the FBI said . He worked at schools in nine countries , teaching a variety of subjects and coaching boys ' basketball . He regularly accompanied students on overnight field trips , the FBI said . The schools where he taught are , according to the FBI : -- American Nicaraguan School in Managua , Nicaragua  2013-2014 -- Southbank International School in London , United Kingdom  2009-2013 -- Escuela Campo Alegre in Caracas , Venezuela  2002-2009 -- Jakarta International School in Jakarta , Indonesia  1992-2002 -- Saudi Aramco Schools in Dhahran , Saudi Arabia  1980-1992 -- American Community School in Athens , Greece  1978-1980 -- Passargad School in Ahwaz , Iran  1976-1978 -- American School of Madrid in Spain  1975-1976 -- American Community School of Beirut in Lebanon  1973-1975 -- Tehran American School in Iran  1972-1973 Anyone who has information on Vahey and who believes he victimized them can send a confidential e-mail to HOvictimassistance@ic.fbi.gov or contact their local FBI office or nearest U.S. Embassy .	FBI : William James Vahey taught at private schools in 9 countries for 42 years He 's one of "  the most prolific alleged predators we 've ever seen , " agent tells KPRC Thumb drive allegedly contained images depicting sexual assault on children FBI is asking potential victims to contact them or nearest American Embassy
CNN  A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco on Friday , a fiery crash that killed at least 35 people -- most of them children -- state and local media reported . The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus , leaving little more than its frame . Debris scattered across the road , while smoke rose into the sky , videos posted to social media show . The dead included athletes traveling for a sporting competition , an eyewitness told 2M TV , a Moroccan state-owned network . After the crash , photos appeared on social media of young , smiling boys in soccer uniforms along with condolence messages such as "  May God have mercy on them " and "  Oh no , they are so young . " The crash happened near the city of Tan-Tan just before 7 a.m. , the Maghreb Arabe Presse state news agency reported . It said a number of people were also injured . Tan-Tan is near the country 's Atlantic coast , more than 450 kilometers  about 280 miles  southwest of Marrakesh .	Most of the victims were children , according to reports Condolence messages appear online with images of boys in soccer uniforms The bus collided with a fuel tanker near the southern Moroccan city of Tan-Tan
CNN  -- China 's Olympic gold medal gymnasts have been officially cleared of lying about their ages . Widespread reports claimed that gold medal winner He Kexin was only 14 years of age . An investigation was launched after the Beijing Games over claims that several members of their women 's squad were ineligible because they were not 16 in the year of competition . But on Wednesday , the International Gymnastics Federation  FIG  closed a near six-week probe saying that documentation provided confirms they were old enough to compete . The inquiry had been called for by the International Olympic Committee who were concerned that the controversy undermined the results of the competition in Beijing . Watch tiny gymnasts work out " China provided passports , ID cards and family registers for He Kexin , Yang Yilin , Jiang Yuyuan , Deng Linlin and Li Shanshan , all showing the girls were 16 or would turn 16 this year . "  We have received all we could possibly ask for , " FIG secretary general Andre Gueisbuhler told Associated Press . "  All of them confirm the age that they should be , so what can we do ? " he added . The Chinese women 's gymnastics team won a gold medal in a team competition in Beijing and five members won individual medals . One of the challenges came from a blogger known as "  Stryde Hax . " The blogger claimed to have uncovered proof that He Kexin is only 14 . In Internet searches , "  Stryde Hax " allegedly uncovered Web pages showing lists complied by China 's General Administration of Sport that show a 1994 date of birth for He . That would make her 14 -- too young to compete in the Olympic Games . CNN was not been able to independently verify the information , but snapshots of the Web pages appeared to back up the claim . Other bloggers joined the search and reported similar results . The New York Times conducted its own investigation , producing similar results that seem to implicate He and two other members of the team . The Times uncovered a 2006 biography on He that lists her birthday as January 1 , 1994 . But Chinese gymnastics coaches have stridently defended their team . "  Asians have different figures than people from the West , so that 's what caused their suspicion , " said Huang Yubin , head coach of the men 's and women 's teams , referring to media inquiries . "  They should n't be suspicious . " It was not all good news for the Chinese gymnasts , with the FIG announcing that it would step up its investigation into the 2000 team which won the bronze medal at the Sydney Olympics , particularly Dong Fangxiao and Yang Yun . Yang , who also won a bronze medal on the uneven bars in 2000 , said in a June 2007 interview that aired on state broadcaster China Central Television that she was only 14 in Sydney Dong , who was a technical official for the Chinese team in Beijing , allegedly provided documents for her credentials which indicated that she too must have been only 14 in 2000 . Gueisbuhler warned that legal and statute of limitation issues might hinder further scrutiny and sanctions against the 2000 Chinese team . Underage gymnasts have been a problem since the 1980s , when the minimum age was raised from 14 to 15 to protect young athletes from serious injuries . The minimum age was raised to its current 16 in 1997 . North Korea was barred from the 1993 world championships after FIG officials discovered Kim Gwang Suk , the 1991 gold medalist on uneven bars , was listed as 15 for three years in a row . Romania admitted in 2002 that several gymnasts ' ages had been falsified , including Olympic medalists Gina Gogean and Alexandra Marinescu . In women 's gymnastics , younger teenage girls can have an advantage over older competitors due to their often smaller , more agile bodies and lighter frames . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	China 's gold medal gymnasts cleared of competing while under age limit of 16 International Gymnastics Federation announces decision after investigation Further doubt cast on members of the 2000 Chinese Olympic squad IOC ordered probe after widespread claims that Chinese squad were too young
Cairo  CNN  Egypt 's highest court has accepted the appeal of three jailed journalists who work for Al Jazeera and granted them a retrial , the journalists ' lawyers said Thursday . Peter Greste , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Baher Mohamed were convicted in June of supporting the banned Muslim Brotherhood . Greste and Fahmy were sentenced to seven years in prison and Mohamed to 10 years . The Muslim Brotherhood , a religious and political group , was banned in Egypt and labeled a terrorist organization after President Mohamed Morsy 's ouster in 2013 . He was Egypt 's first democratically elected leader after the Arab Spring uprising . TV cameras were not allowed in Thursday 's hearing in the Court of Cassation , and the incarcerated journalists were also absent from the courtroom . The men 's families were disappointed at the outcome . They had hoped the court would throw out the case and release them or at least free them on bail pending retrial , but they remain behind bars . The retrial date has not yet been set . "  This was not good as we hoped for , " Lois Greste , mother of Australian journalist Peter Greste , told reporters at the court . Journalist 's letter from Cairo cell ' I believe in his innocence ' Lawyers for the three defendants asked the court for their release but told reporters that the chances were slim . Fahmy 's lawyers asked for his deportation to Canada -- he is Egyptian-Canadian -- taking advantage of a new law allowing a president to deport defendants . The judge overseeing the retrial will decide on their release , said Amr El-Deeb , a lawyer for Peter Greste and Mohamed . Greste 's brothers , Mike and Andrew Greste , expressed mixed feelings about the court 's decision . "  It 's a step in the right direction . Obviously , it 's a little disappointing that we did n't get the most positive outcome , but on reflection , it 's certainly the next best result for us , " Mike Greste told CNN affiliate Seven Network Australia . But Greste 's family hopes Egypt 's government will make use of other legal avenues to free his brother Peter sooner . "  Following instruction from Peter and the family , Peter 's Egyptian lawyer lodged an application with the Egyptian Attorney General 's office to have Peter deported , pursuant to a presidential decree that was issued in November , " Andrew Greste said . "  We believe there is now a window of opportunity for the Egyptian president to exercise his presidential power under the decree , " he Greste said . Fahmy 's fiancee , Marwa Omara , said they planned to marry despite his incarceration . "  We will hold our wedding vows inside the prison , " she said . "  I believe it 's a message to the whole world that Mohamed is innocent , and I believe in his innocence . And it is a personal message to him that I love him and I know that he is innocent . " Fahmy 's brother , Adel Fahmy , said the whole family had shared in the journalist 's ordeal . "  It 's the epitome of injustice what happened , " he said . "  He lost a year and more now of his life . We are suffering as a family severely for my brother , as all the families are for their loved ones . And I ca n't describe in words what we 've been through this year . " ` Unjustly in jail ' In a statement issued after the ruling , Al Jazeera urged Egyptian authorities to move swiftly to a retrial . Lawyers point out that the appeal process from this point could take another 12 to 18 months , the broadcaster said . "  Baher , Peter and Mohamed have been unjustly in jail for over a year now , " an Al Jazeera spokesman said . "  The Egyptian authorities have a simple choice -- free these men quickly , or continue to string this out , all the while continuing this injustice and harming the image of their own country in the eyes of the world . They should choose the former . " There has been wide international condemnation of Egypt 's prosecution of the three journalists , who deny wrongdoing . The United States , Australia and European Union have all called for the men to be freed , as have rights groups including Amnesty International , the Committee to Protect Journalists and the International Press Institute . Flawed trial The appeal was accepted because of procedural errors in the trial that led to the conviction . The men had appeared in a special court created to handle terrorism cases , which may , in retrospect , be considered illegal . Prosecutors are now expected to present the same case in a new court . The three journalists have been imprisoned in Cairo since December 2013 on charges that included conspiring with the Muslim Brotherhood , spreading false news and endangering national security . They have steadfastly denied the charges , as has Al Jazeera , and the prosecution put forward no evidence to support the allegations . Prosecutors were criticized for presenting evidence that was purportedly made up or irrelevant to the case , like videos of Greste 's old news reports from other countries . Amnesty International has said that Greste , Fahmy and Mohamed are pawns in a geopolitical dispute between Egypt and Qatar , the tiny but oil-rich Middle Eastern country that finances Al Jazeera . Qatar has long been perceived as a supporter of the Muslim Brotherhood , which was declared a terrorist organization just days before the Al Jazeera journalists were arrested at the Cairo hotel where they were working . With Saudi mediation , however , there has been a recent improvement in Egyptian-Qatari relations . President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi met with a Qatari envoy in December , and the meeting was followed by Al Jazeera 's decision to suspend its Egyptian Mubasher Masr channel . This channel is already banned by an Egyptian court and was at the center of the journalists ' trial , even though they work for the network 's English-language channel . Omara , Fahmy 's fiancee , welcomed the apparent improvement in the two countries ' relations . "  I hope the reconciliation between Egypt and Qatar can lead to a better outcome , " she said . "  It 's very hard for us to feel that they will stay for a year in prison . It 's very tough . They did nothing . " Journalist Sarah Sirgany reported from Cairo , and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Lindsay Isaac and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	"  It 's the epitome of injustice what happened , " says brother of one jailed journalist Al Jazeera urges Egyptian authorities to move quickly to a retrial "  This was not good as we hoped for , " says mother of journalist Peter Greste Egypt 's highest court has accepted the appeal of three jailed journalists
Homs , Syria  CNN  -- It has been nearly a week since a truce between the Syrian government and rebel groups took effect in Homs , and as opposition fighters have left the Old Town area of the city , thousands of displaced residents have come back . The streets of the district are packed with people carrying belongings out of the district or moving possessions in to return to their homes . The people are usually busy and rarely joke or smile , but in the middle of this scene there was a tiny , thin and frail-looking woman who stood out . Her name is Zeinat Akhras and a group of people had gathered around her , hugging and kissing her , almost crying with joy . Zeinat is one of fewer than 30 civilians known to have lived through the entire siege of Homs -- more than two years of constant shelling , sniper fire and starvation . "  I am 49 years old and I weigh only 34 kilos  about 75 pounds  , " Zeinat told me when I met her at a damaged church in Old Homs . "  The shelling was terrible , it was going on almost all the time . I got wounded on my arm and my shoulder once . " Zeinat survived the siege with her brother Ayman . They remained in a little apartment , hoping it would n't be flattened by an artillery shell , or that Islamist rebels would not kill the two Christians , as Christians are often perceived by the opposition to support the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . "  They often accused me of supporting the government , " Ayman Akhras said , sitting in the apartment with his sister Zeinat . "  I told them -- who am I supposed to support when I am stuck in here ? I am not supporting anyone . " Ayman and Zeinat devoted all of their energy to staying alive . Ayman ventured out into the dangerous streets almost every day , looking for material to burn in the little stove they have in the apartment . "  I only got the wood that the rebels left behind after they cut down the trees . I also never burned any furniture , all I used were broken window frames and doors after they were blown out by the shelling . " The windows in the little apartment the brother and sister occupied were quickly blown out as well , leaving them cold on top of being hungry and scared of the war that was being fought around them . Rebels captured the old town of Homs in 2011 . The Syrian military later started a massive push to win the territory back using heavy weapons including artillery in the urban area . Then government forces encircled the rebels and laid siege to the district , preventing food and medical supplies from getting in . The West accuses the al-Assad regime of using starvation as a weapon in the civil war . The United Nations says both sides are guilty of keeping supplies from reaching besieged places , but that the government 's use of starvation is more widespread . Zeinat and Ayman soon found their supplies running out as the siege raged on . "  In the beginning we had some canned foods , but those quickly ran out , " Ayman said . "  Then the rebels came and raided our apartment . They took a lot of the dry foods we had left like flour , bulgur and rice . They came more than 30 times and broke in and held guns to our face . It is an awful feeling to be sleeping at night and then to wake up with a gun to your head . " When the last of the food was gone , Ayman was forced to go out and search for grass and leaves to eat . He found the leaves that saved their lives on a tree in a graveyard , of all places . "  They taste the best . The other ones were very bitter , " he said . "  We ate them for breakfast , dinner and for lunch every day . " Zeinat showed me a tiny bowl , which was the serving size they allowed themselves for each meal . "  We cut them up and made a stew with them for lunch , " she said . "  In the mornings we would eat them fresh with some oil we had left , and in the evenings we tried to fry them on the stove if we had wood . These leaves saved our lives . " The brother and sister say it was also their faith that helped them through the two years of confinement , violence and hunger . Both are devout Orthodox Christians . "  There were some nights that we were just sad , " Ayman said . "  When you just think that you have not seen your family in such a long time , that you might never see them again and that you have no idea when you will be able to get out of here . In those times , sometimes we just cried . " But in the end they made it through more than 700 days of the siege of Old Homs . Zeinat is still weak and can not stand for an extended period of time . She spends most of the time on the couch in the apartment reading books or resting . Ayman is stronger , but his clothes look baggy on him after he lost so much weight due to the starvation . But both Ayman and Zeinat are survivors . They say the hardship they have endured might have made them thin and frail , but it has made their spirits stronger than ever , and they are looking to the future with optimism .	As a truce in Homs holds , life comes back to the Old Town area But for a brother and sister , life never left despite two years of shelling and scarcity Zeinat and Ayman Akhras ate leaves from trees in a graveyard to stay alive "  You have no idea when you will be able to get out ... sometimes we just cried "
CNN  -- Former world number one Jelena Jankovic won her first tournament since last August with a straight sets 6-2 6-4 victory over Caroline Wozniacki in the final of the WTA tournament at Indian Wells . Serbian ace Jankovic has flourished in the Californian desert and dominated Sunday 's final to claim a 6-2 6-4 victory , her 12th career title . "  It 's been a great two weeks for me , really amazing , " Jankovic told the official WTA Tour Web site . "  I 'm so happy and so thrilled that I was able to win this title . " Djokovic leads Serbian tennis revolution Wozniacki had guaranteed she will attain second spot in the world behind Serena Williams in the new rankings with her semifinal victory over Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland . But she was unable to maintain that form against Jankovic , who had beaten her on four previous occasions . Jankovic , who last won a title in Cincinatti , survived some early round scares to ease past Samantha Stosur in the semifinals of the Premier tier event . She had Wozniacki in trouble early , achieving a double break to lead 4-0 before being broken on her own serve as the Dane cut the lead to 4-2 . But Jankovic , who topped the rankings back in 2008 , broke back immediately and claimed the set on her own service as Wozniacki went long with a forehand . The second set followed a similar pattern with Jankovic gaining an early break before holding her own service throughout . At 5-4 , she set up a match point with a backhand winner and sealed it when Wozniacki went long with a service return .	Jelena Jankovic beats Caroline Wozniacki to win WTA title at Indian Wells Former world number one Jankovic has won all five matches with Wozniacki Sixth seed Jankovic of Serbia was winning first title of 2010 Wozniacki will rise to number two in new world rankings this week
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A Taliban-affiliated website has released video that purports to show suicide bombers who targeted Kabul 's Intercontinental Hotel in June preparing for the attack in the hills and studying a tiny model of the hotel in detail . The video -- released on a Taliban-affiliated website in the past few days -- is an hour long . It includes testimony and footage - - even gymnastics -- from the seven attackers who killed 11 more people when they laid siege to a government conference at the hotel for six hours . The attack -- one of the most brazen and penetrating to hit the capital -- was eventually suppressed by special forces , helicopters and a drone . One of the apparent suicide bombers , Naseer Ahmad Anas , speaks of his motivation to take his own life and that of others . "  My message is life is too short , " he says . "  You can die of cancer , or a car accident . If you want God 's blessing , be a suicide attacker . " CNN can not prove the authenticity of the elaborate video . The images also show masked and uniformed men training in the hills , the exercises they undertake clearly designed to show they are a more disciplined force than parts of the Taliban have been in the past . In one scene , they appear to attack an Afghan military vehicle , killing the troops and stealing their weapons and uniforms . The footage is undated and the mountainous location where it was shot is unclear . The hotel attackers are also filmed in a room sitting in a circle , surrounding a realistic mock-up of the Intercontinental Hotel . A tutor , whose face and voice are not discernible , offers tactical tips for the assault . "  Those of you with machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades , get on the roof and use it as a control tower , so the enemy ca n't enter easily . " The video shows footage of the attack obscured by darkness , but the tracer fire of the attackers , and their NATO and Afghan opponents is visible . The attack caused considerable concern in Kabul , the first of several attributed to the Haqqani network that penetrated the capital 's so-called Ring of Steel . The video is possibly also the first detailed glimpse of a part of the insurgency that is rapidly becoming America 's main opponent here . The Haqqani network , a group of militants active in Afghanistan 's east but accused of receiving sanctuary and logistical support in Pakistan , were blamed for the Intercontinental Hotel attack and some observers have suggested the pictures are in fact a rare insight into the network . The insurgent group -- which is linked to the Taliban but often considered a more sophisticated and independent adjunct to it -- has rarely been filmed .	The hour-long video was released on a Taliban-affiliated website The attack was one of the most brazen to hit Kabul The video includes testimony and footage from seven attackers who killed 11 at the Intercontinental Hotel
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's election authority has rejected claims of voting irregularities by a defeated presidential candidate , while acknowledging that the number of ballots cast in dozens of cities exceeded the number of eligible voters there , state-run TV reported Monday . Protesters face Iranian riot police on a street in Tehran on Saturday . Iran 's Guardian Council -- which approves all candidates running for office and verifies election results -- said candidate Mohsen Rezaie alleged irregularities in 170 cities , and that excessive ballots were found in 50 cities , according to government-funded Press TV . Council spokesman Abbas-Ali Kadkhodaei said voting in those locations did not noticeably affect the outcome of the election , adding that the council will continue to investigate complaints that are filed through "  legal channels , " Press TV said . The council declared President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner of the June 12 election . Rezaie had reported some irregularities and called for a recount of some ballots , while opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi and candidate Mehdi Karrubi have rejected the election as fraudulent and demanded a new one . Earlier Sunday , thousands of riot police and militia lined Tehran 's streets as the public rift among Iranian leaders appeared to be widening . The country 's foreign minister disputed allegations of ballot irregularities in Iran 's disputed presidential election , and the parliamentary speaker implied the nation 's election authorities had sided with one candidate . Amateur video showed large crowds marching down a major Tehran thoroughfare shouting , "  Do n't be afraid , we 're together ! " and "  Death to dictator ! " The person who shot the video said it was taken Sunday , but CNN could not immediately verify that the protest had taken place . Eyewitnesses reported a protest also took place at southern Tehran 's Azad University , where final exams were postponed after about 200 students refused to take them . Thousands of riot police and members of the Basij militia lined the streets of the city , according to eyewitnesses . Security personnel surrounded the headquarters of the country 's state television and radio . Many shops were closed , and shopkeepers whose stores were open said they planned to close early Sunday . However , no tanks were seen on the city 's streets . Traffic was light . Watch amateur video of a volunteer paramilitary forces headquarters burning in Tehran " A statement purportedly from Moussavi on Sunday called on Iranians to "  exercise self control " during protests in Tehran , while still supporting their right to demonstrate against the government and the results of the disputed June 12 presidential election . "  The country belongs to you . The revolution and the system is your heritage , " the statement attributed to Moussavi said in a statement posted on his Web site . "  Protesting against lies and cheating is your right . Be hopeful about regaining your rights . Do not allow anyone who tries to make you lose hope and frighten you make you lose your temper . " The authenticity of the message could not be verified ; it was posted in Farsi and translated by CNN . The message came a day after hospital sources said 19 people were killed in clashes between anti-government protesters and police . Unconfirmed reports put the death toll as high as 150 . See images of the clashes Saturday " "  The sad news of the martyrdom of another group who protested the results of the elections has caused our society astonishment and our people mourn them , " said the statement attributed to Moussavi . "  Firing on people , militarization of the city 's atmosphere , threats , agitations and show of force are all the illegitimate children of law breaking and we are facing all of that . It is a wonder that the perpetrators accuse others of breaking the law for expressing their opinions . " Watch how social-networking sites spread the word on Iranian news " Police have not been given permission to use firearms in confronting protesters , Tehran Police Chief Azizollah Rajabpour told Iran 's semi-official Mehr news agency . Police have not used firearms on the public , he said . Allegations to the contrary are false and "  spread by those who want to muddy the waters , " the agency reported . News coverage in Iran has been limited by government restrictions on international journalists . On Sunday , the BBC said Iran had expelled Jon Leyne , the British network 's permanent correspondent in Tehran . And Al-Arabiya , a Dubai-based Arab satellite network , said its Tehran bureau was ordered closed . Press TV confirmed 13 fatalities Saturday , saying the deaths resulted from police clashes with "  terrorist groups " in Tehran . But the station did not say whether all the deaths took place Saturday or spanned the length of the weeklong protests . iReport.com : Share images from Iran Videos posted on social networking Web sites depicted tense scenes and chaos Saturday , and one graphic video that captured the death of a young woman became the iconic symbol of a brutal day . But like most of the information coming out of Tehran , it is impossible to verify her name -- Neda -- or the circumstances of her apparent death . Watch a portion of the video " Press TV also reported Sunday that five relatives of former President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani were arrested for allegedly "  inciting and encouraging rioters " in Tehran 's Azadi  Freedom  Square on Saturday , the Web site reported . Faezeh Rafsanjani , the former president 's daughter , was released Sunday , and the four others were released earlier in the day , Press TV reported on its Web site . The woman 's brother said she was arrested while taking part in a protest . The elder Rafsanjani is chairman of the Assembly of Experts , which is responsible for appointing or removing the supreme leader . He is a supporter of Moussavi , while Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei remained staunch in his defense of incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . A spokesman for the Guardian Council told state television that Wednesday is the last day it can recount the votes disputed by candidates . Meanwhile , prominent figures , many of whom were part of Iran 's Islamic revolution 30 years ago , issued conflicting statements , a sign that Iran 's leadership was far from unified . The foreign minister , Manouchehr Mottaki , said Sunday an investigation into claims of fraud in the election will be announced by week 's end . But speaking to foreign diplomats in Tehran , he called the possibility of irregularities almost nonexistent . "  The possibility of organized and comprehensive disruption and irregularities in this election is almost close to zero given the composition of the people who are holding the election , " Mottaki said . On the other hand , Iran 's influential parliamentary speaker , Ali Larijani , implicated the same people -- the Guardian Council -- of siding with one candidate . "  Although the Guardian Council is made up of religious individuals , I wish certain members would not side with a certain presidential candidate , " Larijani told the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting on Saturday , without naming whom he meant . The comments were reported on Press TV and on another news Web site , Khabaronline , Sunday . Larijani 's statement was in direct contrast to that of Khamenei , who in a sermon Friday declared the elections a "  definitive victory " for Ahmadinejad and rejected charges of vote rigging . "  A majority of people are of an opinion separate " from that of a minority , Larijani said . While Larijani and Ahmadinejad have had a tense relationship in the past , Larijani is seen as being aligned with Khamenei . For him to directly contradict the leader 's statement amounts to another example of the growing disagreement among ruling conservatives . Meanwhile , former Iranian President Mohammad Khatami , in an open letter posted on his Web site , said , "  the presence of the people is one of the achievements of the revolution and must be respected . " "  Sensational and insulting propaganda against the people , who have always acted independently , and insinuating that their healthy movement is directed by foreigners is itself a sign of the implementation of faulty policies which will widen the gap between the people and the government , " Khatami wrote . The election and the subsequent clashes in Iran were the subject of protests in some U.S. cities Sunday . See photos of some of the protests in the U.S. " In Washington , roughly 400 Iranian-Americans gathered in front of the Iranian Interests Section on Sunday to protest the disputed election . The protesters , dressed in the colors of the Iranian flag , waved signs and chanted slogans such as , "  Down with the dictator , " "  Democracy for Iran , " and "  Where 's my vote ? " Some carried signs with images of injured and bleeding Iranian protesters . Protests also were held in Los Angeles and New York .	NEW : Iran 's Press TV : Council acknowledges excessive balloting in 50 cities Amateur video purportedly shows protesters in Tehran for eighth straight day Rift between Iranian leaders seems to be growing On Web site , purported message from Moussavi supports protests , urges caution
MARATHON , Florida  CNN  -- Juan Lopez reads meters with one eye and looks for snakes with the other . Lopez is a member of the "  Python Patrol , " a team of utility workers , wildlife officials , park rangers and police trying to keep Burmese pythons from gaining a foothold in the Florida Keys . Members of the Python Patrol show off a giant snake that stretched more than 20 feet . Officials say the pythons -- which can grow to 20 feet long and eat large animals whole -- are being ditched by pet owners in the Florida Everglades , threatening the region 's endangered species and its ecosystem . "  Right now , we have our fingers crossed that they have n't come this far yet , but if they do , we are prepared , " Lopez said . Burmese Pythons are rarely seen in the middle Florida Keys , where Lopez works . The Nature Conservancy wants to keep it that way . Watch huge python wrap around a CNN reporter " The Python Patrol program was started by Alison Higgins , the Nature Conservancy 's Florida Keys conservation manager . She describes it as an "  early detection , rapid response " program made up of professionals who work outside . Eight Burmese pythons have been found in the Keys . "  If we can keep them from spreading and breeding , then we 're that much more ahead of the problem , " Higgins said . Utility workers , wildlife officials and police officers recently attended a three-hour class about capturing the enormously large snakes . Lt. Jeffrey L. Fobb of the Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Venom Response Unit taught the participants how to capture pythons . "  There 's no immutable laws of snake catching . It 's what works , " Fobb said as he demonstrated catching a snake with hooks , bags , blankets and his hands . "  We 're doing it in the Florida Keys because we have a lot to protect , " Higgins said . "  The Burmese pythons that are coming out of the Everglades are eating a lot of our endangered species and other creatures , and we want to make sure they do n't breed here . " Where the snakes are breeding is just north of the Keys in Everglades National Park . An estimated 30,000 Burmese pythons live in the park . The Everglades , known as the "  River of Grass , " is a vast area with a climate perfect for these pythons to hide and breed . And breed they do : The largest clutches of eggs found in the Everglades have numbered up to 83 . The snakes grow like they 're on steroids . With a life span of 30 years , these pythons can weigh as much as 200 pounds . And the larger the snake , the bigger the prey . Biologists have found endangered wood rats , birds , bobcats and other animals in their stomachs . Two 5-foot-long alligators were found in the stomachs of Burmese pythons that were caught and necropsied , officials say . Officials also say Burmese pythons can travel 1.6 miles a day by land , and they can swim to reach areas outside the Everglades . This nonvenomous species was brought into the United States from Southeast Asia . Everglades National Park spokeswoman Linda Friar says biologists believe that well-intended pet owners are to blame for their introduction into the Everglades . "  These pets were released by owners that do not understand the threat to the ecosystem , " she said . Higgins says 99,000 of the popular pets were brought into the United States from 1996 to 2006 , the most recent data available . She says they are an easy species to breed , and you can buy a hatchling for as little as $ 20 . The problem with these pets , Friar says , is that they get too big for their owners to handle . Making the owner aware of what to expect when the animal becomes full-grown is a priority . "  The pet trade is pretty supportive in educating people , " Friar said . She hopes a "  Do n't let it loose " message campaign makes an impact on pet owners . Florida Sen. Bill Nelson , a supporter of restoring the Everglades , has introduced a bill that would ban importing the python species into the United States . The senator saw the need after learning about the effect these snakes were having on the park . "  Finding out many endangered species are being found in the stomach of the python , " Nelson spokeswoman Susie Quinn said , "  we need to do a better job at protecting the resources . " In the meantime , Lopez and the Python Patrol will continue to protect the Florida Keys by capturing the snakes and turning them over to biologists to perform necropsies . The Nature Conservancy plans to expand the program to all the areas that surround the Everglades , making these predators their prey . "  I would like to find them and get rid of them , " Lopez said .	"  Python Patrol " aims to keep giant Burmese pythons from reaching Florida Keys Pet owners have been dumping the snakes in the Everglades Burmese pythons can grow more than 20 feet long and eat animals whole The snakes "  are eating a lot of our endangered species , " conservationist says
CNN  -- Actor and producer Anil Kapoor has long been a Bollywood luminary , but after his award-winning performance in global hit "  Slumdog Millionaire , " he is set to become an international star . Bollywood superstar Anil Kapoor . Kapoor says that "  Slumdog , " a love story about a boy from a Mumbai slum who wins a fortune on quiz show "  Who Wants To Be A Millionaire ? , " resembles his own life story . "  I also started from scratch , went from rags to riches , " he told CNN . Anil is part of the Kapoor family that is a veritable Bollywood dynasty . His father Surinder and elder brother Boney are film producers , his daughter Sonam , sister-in-law Sridevi and his younger brother Sanjay are actors , while son-in-law Sandeep Marwah is a movie magnate and Anil 's son Harshvardhan is currently learning to direct movies in Los Angeles . But things were n't always so glamorous . Anil Kapoor was born on Christmas Eve 1959 and grew up in a tenement in the Mumbai suburb of Chembur , with eight people living together in a single room . His father Surinder had yet to make his name in the film industry , but young Anil clearly had movies in his blood . "  In my childhood I was surrounded by films , actors , film makers , directors and film talk . I would bunk school to watch movies , " he said . He was cast in his first movie aged just seven . Although the film was never released , the experience was enough to convince Kapoor that his future lay in the movies . After finishing school he went to St Xavier 's College , where he acted in plays and won the Best Actor trophy at an inter-collegiate competition , before being expelled for non-attendance . Kapoor responded by enrolling in acting classes and taking singing and dance lessons . He made his Bollywood debut in 1979 's "  Hamare Tumhare , " before moving on to Telugu-language movie "  Vamsa Vriksham " in 1980 , and landing his first Bollywood starring role in 1983 's "  Woh 7 Din . " Watch Anil Kapoor take CNN on a tour of Mumbai . " Kapoor first met future wife Sunita Bhambhani in 1979 , when she was a successful model and he was still a struggling actor . He decided that he would propose marriage as soon as he got his big break and 1984 's "  Mashaal " was the opportunity he 'd been waiting for . Kapoor 's performance won him Best Supporting Actor at India 's prestigious FilmFare awards and he married Sunita in May of that year . Kapoor cemented his status a Bollywood idol after starring in the hugely successful "  Mr India , " which promptly became his nickname among a growing legion of fans . He has gone on to become one of the biggest names in Indian cinema , picking up a total of five FilmFare awards and a National Film Institute Best Actor award for his role in 2000 's "  Pukar . " Following in his father 's footsteps , Kapoor made his debut as a producer in 2002 , with the comedy "  Badhaai Ho Badhaai , " and he went on to produce "  Gandhi , My Father , " which portrayed the fractious relationship between Mohandas Gandhi and his eldest son Harilal . For years now , in his home town of Mumbai Kapoor has been mobbed by fans wherever he goes , instantly recognizable by his trademark mustache , which he has proudly sported in all but three of his hundred-plus movies . But like most Bollywood stars , he received little acclaim outside India . That changed abruptly and unexpectedly with the release of low-budget British movie "  Slumdog Millionaire . " The film has become an international sensation , winning four Golden Globe awards and receiving an astonishing 10 Oscar nominations . See Anil Kapoor 's "  Slumdog Millionaire " success in photos . " Kapoor 's role as the creepy quiz show host earned him a share in the Screen Actors Guild award for Best Cast . In typically modest fashion , Kapoor dedicated the award to the film 's child actors . "  They deserve this award " he said during his acceptance speech . "  It 's the children who 've done it , not us . " Kapoor remains proud of his roots , visiting his childhood neighborhood every year , and he is grounded enough to be aware of the social problems in Mumbai . He is a goodwill ambassador for Plan India , an organization that helps street children , and he donated his entire "  Slumdog " fee to the cause . As he prepares to travel to Britain for the Bafta awards and to Los Angeles for the Oscars , Mr India remains characteristically self-effacing . "  I feel so humble and grateful . I never expected the film to be so huge and successful , " he said . Whether he 's accepting awards in Hollywood or making movies for Bollywood , Kapoor seems sure to keep his feet on the ground .	Bollywood star Anil Kapoor played the quiz show host in "  Slumdog Millionaire " He grew up in a tenement in a Mumbai suburb , sharing a room with 7 others As an actor he is a Bollywood legend , and he is also a successful producer "  I feel so humble and grateful " says Kapoor of Slumdog 's global success
PEOPLE.com  -- Saturday was the big day for "  Bachelor " and "  Dancing with the Stars " contestant Melissa Rycroft , who tied the knot with her fiancé , insurance agent Tye Strickland , in Mexico on Saturday , PEOPLE has learned . The couple , who met three years ago in their hometown Dallas , got engaged in June , less than four months after Rycroft was jilted on national television by "  Bachelor " star Jason Mesnick . "  I 'm really happy for her , " Mesnick told PEOPLE . "  This whole journey took her to a place where things looked like they were down for her . But then she ended up with the person she was meant to be with . That 's what life 's all about . I could n't be happier for her . " Indeed , after what looked like a downer season of "  The Bachelor " , it turns out that Mesnick and his top three choices on the dating show all found love in 2009 . After splitting with Rycroft , Mesnick began dating runner-up Molly Malaney . The two became engaged last October in New Zealand . Then second runner-up , Jillian Harris , starred on "  The Bachelorette . " She and Chicago , Illinois software consultant Ed Swiderski got engaged on the season finale last May and are now living together in Chicago . Rycroft , 26 , and Strickland , 28 , were previously a couple but split shortly before she left to be a contestant on "  The Bachelor " last year . The couple rekindled in January , Rycroft told PEOPLE . "  Tye and I picked right back up , " Rycroft said shortly after getting engaged . "  He 's my best friend . " Rycroft wore an Alfred Angelo gown at the south-of-the-border nuptials , which was attended by family and close friends . "  We want to have it be as fun and relaxing as possible for our families , " Rycroft said last summer as she and Strickland planned for the big day . "  I just want it to be fun and a day everyone will remember . Tye is my true love . " © 2010 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Bachelor " contestant got engaged four months after being jilted on national television Rycroft married insurance agent Tye Strickland in Mexico on Saturday Rycroft and Strickland earlier ended their relationship when she left for "  The Bachelor "
CNN  -- It 's time to layer up , again . Parts of the United States , including coastal areas of the Deep South , are going to see freezing temperatures and even a chance of snow this week . As the white stuff covers the landscape , it 's hard to imagine the millions of tiny , intricate flakes that make it up . Above is a collection of extreme close-up snowflake photos from this winter season . Add your own snowflake photos by uploading them to iReport . We 'll add some of the best to the gallery .	Temperatures are plummeting across the Deep South Chicago is expected to see temperatures dip down to -5 degrees iReporters share their views of winter with creative snowflake photos
In the wake of the attack on Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , "  every country , including Russia , " must determine whether it is "  together with the terrorists or together with the civilized world , " Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said Monday . In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Poroshenko said , "  Every country and every person , and every leader should find out their own place . " "  We know exactly " where a missile was shot that hit the plane Thursday , killing all 298 people aboard , and where the flight crashed , he said . "  And all this territory is firmly controlled by Russian-supported terrorists . " Ukraine has "  a lot of evidence that these people are supported by Russia , trained by Russia , armed by Russia , " he added . "  And most of them and their leaders are Russian citizens . That is for sure . " Those armed in eastern Ukraine should not be referred to as "  separatists , " he insisted . "  There are no separatists there . They are terrorists . " The United States should declared them terrorists , he said . Such a designation would trigger a "  new legal framework for those who support it " and cooperate "  with these terrorists . " Ukraine has suffered "  three major international crimes , " Poroshenko said . There is what he called "  the terrorist act " on Flight 17 -- which he compared to 9/11 and the 1988 Lockerbie , Scotland , bombing . And the way the bodies have been treated , with their personal belongings taken , is "  barbarian style , " he said . The third crime is that "  terrorists " have tried to destroy evidence , he said . But the crime scene "  is impossible to destroy , " Poroshenko said . "  All the shrapnel is dispersed on the territory of about 20 square kilometers  about 8 square miles  . This crime , the international crime , is impossible to destroy . " Poroshenko also denied suggestions by Russia that a Ukrainian jet may have downed the plane . "  This is an irresponsible and false statement , " he insisted . Moscow has strongly denied involvement in the downing of the jetliner . Pro-Russian rebels have also denied responsibility . Remembering the victims Five unanswered questions about Flight 17 Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russia rebels ?	Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko says rebels are not separatists In interview with CNN , Poroshenko calls them "  terrorists " He compares downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 to 9/11 He denies Russian suggestions that a Ukrainian jet may have downed the plane
CNN  -- Switzerland will not send Oscar-winning filmmaker Roman Polanski to the United States to face sentencing for child sex charges , the Ministry of Justice announced Monday . He is now free , the ministry said . Polanski pleaded guilty in Los Angeles , California , in 1977 to having unlawful sex with a 13-year-old girl , but fled to Europe before he was sentenced . He was arrested in Switzerland last year and had been fighting extradition since then . Switzerland was not making a decision about the severity of the charge or whether Polanski was guilty , Justice Minister Eveline Widmer-Schlumpf said . "  It 's not about qualifying the crime . That is not our job . It 's also not about deciding over guilt or innocence , " she said . The Swiss rejected the American request because the United States did not supply all the legal records Switzerland requested , and because Polanski had a reasonable right to think he would not be arrested if he visited the country , she said . U.S. prosecutors can not apply again to Switzerland to have Polanski extradited , she said , but could apply to other countries to detain and extradite him . "  We are deeply disappointed , " said U.S. Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer , head of the Justice Department 's criminal division . "  We thought our extradition request was supported by the facts . We 're going to review our options . " Assistant Secretary of State P.J. Crowley also expressed disappointment , saying that the United States "  believes that the rape of a 13-year-old child by an adult is a crime " and would continue to pursue justice in the case . Asked about comments by the Swiss attorney general that suggested technical errors in the U.S. extradition request , Crowley said : "  A 13-year-girl was drugged and raped by an adult -- this is not a matter of technicality . " Polanski was 43 at the time he had unlawful sex with the girl . He is now 76 . Prosecutors dropped rape and other charges in exchange for his guilty plea . But Polanski fled the country before he was sentenced after learning that the judge might not go along with the short jail term Polanski expected to get in exchange for his plea . He has been a fugitive since 1978 and lived in France before his arrest . Swiss authorities released the director from jail on $ 4.5 million bail in early December "  pending extradition " to the United States . Polanski 's victim came forward long ago and has made her identity public , saying she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled . Samantha Geimer , now in her 40s and a married mother of three , has called for the case to be tossed out . Her attorney , Larry Silver , reiterated her position in December , saying details of the case harm her every time the story is in the news . Defense attorneys also argued that prosecutors are ignoring the victim 's wishes . Polanski 's attorney , Chad Hummel , has been pushing for Polanski to be sentenced without having to return to Los Angeles . Prosecutors have vigorously opposed sentencing him in absentia . In court papers filed in January , Deputy District Attorney David Walgren stated the reasons in no uncertain terms . "  The defendant is a fugitive , " Walgren wrote . "  A fugitive child rapist , who for 32 years has made a mockery of our criminal justice system , should not be given the power or authority to request anything of this court until he , the criminal , acknowledges this court 's lawful authority by surrendering on his outstanding warrant . " Polanski won an Oscar for best director for the Holocaust drama "  The Pianist , " and was nominated for "  Tess , " "  Chinatown , " and the screenplay he wrote for "  Rosemary 's Baby . " CNN 's Nadine Schmidt , Ben Brumfield , Ann O'Neill , Stephanie Chen , Elise Labott and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. officials express disappointment over the Swiss decision Switzerland refuses to extradite filmmaker Roman Polanski to the United States Polanski admitted unlawful sex with a 13-year-old-girl in 1977 He fled the United States before he could be sentenced
Zimbabwe has asked neighboring southern African countries to help fund elections scheduled for the end of the month , the country 's finance minister said Wednesday . Tendai Biti said he had released about $ 40 million of the $ 132 million the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission needs for the July 31 vote , "  but we are far away from reaching the target . We do not have the money . We ca n't increase taxes . " Biti is a member of Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai 's Movement for Democratic Change party  MDC  . "  I have been in touch with the  Southern African Development Community  secretariat on the issue of trying to raise funds from the region . So it is something we are going to pursue . In fact it is something we have already started pursuing . We spoke to four countries in the region today . I ca n't disclose their names and what we discussed . " The 15-nation SADC pressured President Robert Mugabe to form a power-sharing government with Tsvangirai in 2009 following a violence-marred election . The 89-year-old Mugabe had claimed victory over Tsvangirai , the opposition leader at the time . Robert Mugabe : Fast Facts - Morgan Tsvangirai : Fast Facts Biti said he had written to Mugabe asking him to force diamond-mining companies controlled by his party , ZANU PF , to release more than $ 150 million in profit they made in June . He added that his efforts to get international funding from the United Nations had been frustrated by Zimbabwe 's justice minister , Patrick Chinamasa , a ZANU PF member . The UN said in March it was prepared to fund Zimbabwe 's elections . But that fell through after its assessment mission was barred by Chinamasa from entering the country . That has left Harare with few options for funding ; one such is the SADC . While launching his reelection bid Friday , Mugabe threatened to pull out of SADC , accusing it of being biased against ZANU PF . Last month , the regional bloc asked Mugabe to ensure a free and fair election .	Finance minister : Zimbabwe is well short of the $ 132 million needed to run its election He spoke today with for SADC member nations , but would n't say which SADC nations pressured for a power-sharing arrangement in Zimbabwe in 2009 A prior effort to obtain funding failed when a UN team was n't allowed in the country
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A legal battle has put the future of Skype in jeopardy , according to eBay , which owns the online communications system . Skype 's online phone and video communication service has been incredibly popular . If Skype loses the right to use a key part of its software and ca n't create an adequate replacement , "  Skype 's business as currently conducted would likely not be possible , " eBay said in its quarterly filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission . There is no sign of Skype disappearing soon -- a relief to the more than 480 million registered users who have video or telephone conversations online through the technology . But the battle with Joltid , the company that created the piece of technology at issue , shows no sign of being resolved anytime soon , either . Joltid complains that Skype broke its licensing agreement to use the technology . Skype filed suit against Joltid in Britain , saying it could not terminate the license agreement ; Joltid struck back with a counterclaim saying Skype had broken the agreement . A trial is scheduled for June 2010 , eBay said in the SEC filing . "  Although Skype is confident of its legal position , as with any litigation , there is the possibility of an adverse result if the matter is not resolved through negotiation , " eBay writes . "  Skype has begun to develop alternative software to that licensed through Joltid . However , such software development may not be successful , may result in loss of functionality or customers even if successful , and will in any event be expensive . " In an e-mail to CNN , Joltid said Skype "  accessed Joltid 's source code and modified it -- Joltid then claimed a breach of license . " Skype denies any breach . "  Joltid is enforcing its rights in the courts , " Joltid said in the e-mail . "  Like any member of the creative industries , Joltid will defend its innovations with determination . " CNN 's Diana Magnay and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	A legal battle puts the future of Skype in jeopardy , according to owner eBay Skype in legal battle with company behind some of its software eBay says without software Skype 's "  business ... would likely not be possible "
CNN  -- Recently an op-ed by Douglas Rushkoff took up the issue of the creation of the Center for Copyright Information  CCI  , a coalition charged with implementing the Copyright Alert System , a graduated response framework to copyright infringement . As the executive director of the Center , I would like to respond to several concerns that article raised about how the program will work and its goals For background , the Copyright Alert System aims to inform consumers of inadvertent or purposeful unauthorized distribution of content over peer-to-peer networks and to help consumers find legal ways to obtain , share and enjoy movies and music protected by copyright . The program represents an unprecedented and voluntary partnership between leading Internet Service Providers  ISPs  -- AT&T , Cablevision , Comcast , Time Warner Cable and Verizon -- and U.S. content creators -- represented by the Motion Picture Association of America and the Recording Industry Association of America -- with advice from leading consumer advocates . Gigi Sohn , president and CEO of Public Knowledge and Marsali Hancock , president , iKeepSafe.org , sit on our advisory board , to name just two . This system reflects a new reality : The Internet has forever changed how content is consumed , making content easy to find , use and experience . Our work at CCI is about educating consumers about how to legally and ethically enjoy the movies and music they love . As Rushkoff says : "  The longer term solution would be to develop an appropriate social contract : conducting ourselves online under the same civilized behavioral norms that keep us from , say , stealing stuff from one another 's homes even though we could probably get away with it . " It 's beyond this premise that I take issue with Rushkoff 's article . The article 's headline : "  Will your Internet provider be spying on you ? " indicates a fundamental misunderstanding of the program and how it works ; it suggests that ISPs would engage in an activity anathema to their consumers to protect copyright . Now that does n't sound like the ISPs that I know . Opinion : Will your Internet provider be spying on you ? The role of the ISPs in the new Copyright Alert System will be to pass on notices sent by copyright holders to those subscribers whose Internet protocol addresses  strings of numbers that mean little to most people  have been associated with allegedly illegal file sharing . As they have done for years , content owners will use technical methodologies to identify alleged infringements over peer-to-peer networks and will request that notices of such alleged infringement be passed on to subscribers by the participating ISPs . To be clear : No personal information at all , including the identity of the subscriber , will be shared with the content owners by the ISPs . What the ISPs will do , in recognition of the importance of copyright protection generally , is to then provide their subscribers with education and information about what not to do and how to get content in the right way . The alerts will be non-punitive -- 4-6 in total , depending on the ISP -- but progressive in scale . If the activity stops , the alerts stop . Initial alerts will focus on making the consumer aware of the activity and highlighting legal ways to enjoy content . The alerts are designed with particular attention to key groups -- parents of teens , for example -- to provide the most helpful and actionable information possible . Alerts that require acknowledgment of receipt of the alert follow and -- in some cases -- the system also includes mitigation measures , which vary between ISPs . These may include temporary reduction of Internet speed or redirection to a landing page until the subscriber contacts the ISP or reviews educational information . The CAS will only address activity over to peer-to-peer programs such as BitTorrent -- not streaming video or other general online content . The system is based on consumers ' "  right to know " when their Internet account is being used for illegal file sharing through peer-to-peer networks , or if their own online activity infringes on copyrights -- inadvertently or otherwise -- so that they can correct that activity . The alert system is similar to warnings and alerts in place for stolen credit cards . The unfortunate reality of malware and other potential dangers on peer-to-peer programs makes this service to subscribers particularly important . Going beyond the nuts and bolts of the program , the Center for Copyright Information 's primary goal is educational . The program is designed to provide non-punitive tools that will help inform consumers about how to legally enjoy digital copyrighted content and avoid illegal peer-to-peer networks , through a system based on information and deterrence . As Rushkoff points out , "  in many cases the Internet subscriber might have no knowledge of the infraction " and he goes on to describe how a houseguest might share illegal content without the Internet subscriber 's knowledge . But that 's exactly the point . Many subscribers , particularly parents or caregivers , are not aware that their accounts are being used to distribute illegal -- and sometimes harmful -- content through peer-to-peer networks . That ignorance does n't make it acceptable . What we need to do is help subscribers better understand what they can and can not do and help them get the compelling and entertaining movies and music from the constantly expanding collection of legal services now in the marketplace . With methods for sharing content constantly evolving , the Copyright Alert System is designed to address an information gap . From homeowners who want to make sure their wireless networks are secure to parents concerned about their children 's activity on the internet , information and tools can help users better consume content . In the coming months , we are eager to share our effort to close this information gap . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jill Lesser .	Jill Lesser : Earlier op-ed imputed sinister intent to a new Copyright Alert System ; there is none . She says the coalition of ISP 's , media companies wants to deter copyright infringers She says it wo n't share your personal info , it 's trying to educate consumers Lesser : Aim is to let consumers know what is OK and not OK to just take from the internet
CNN  -- More people died violently in Iraq in April than in any other month in nearly five years , the United Nations said Thursday . A total of 712 people died and 1,633 more sustained injuries "  in acts of terrorism and acts of violence , " the UN Assistance Mission for Iraq said . Civilians made up most of the victims , 595 in total . 1,438 civilians were injured . Baghdad saw the most deaths with a total of 697 civilian fatalities . April 's total was the deadliest since June 2008 , UNAMI said . Iraq at a crossroads as bombs explode Since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein 's government Sunni Arabs have been politically marginalized and Shiites , who represent a majority of Iraqis , have emerged with more power . There have been protests for months by Sunni Arabs against the Shiite-led government and its prime minister , Nuri al-Maliki . The anger has escalated since a confrontation last week between police and protesters in Hawija . The International Crisis Group last month said that the "  failure to integrate Sunni Arabs into a genuinely representative political system in Baghdad risks turning Iraq 's domestic crisis into a broader regional struggle . " "  The most urgent task today is to tamp down the flames , and the burden for this lies above all with the government , " the Belgium-based think tank said in a report . "  The country is at a crossroads , " said Martin Kobler , U.N. special representative in Iraq . Some Iraqi leaders and international powers fear that tensions between Sunnis and Shiites could escalate and bring a return of a full-blown sectarian war . Meet the man who sculpted Sadam Hussein	April 's total is the deadliest since June 2008 Most of it occurs in Baghdad Violence results from tensions between Sunnis and Shi'ites but targets others as well
CNN  -- Ola Orekunrin was studying to become a doctor in the UK a few years ago when her younger sister fell seriously ill while traveling in Nigeria . The 12-year-old girl , who 'd gone to the West African country on holiday with relatives , needed urgent care but the nearest hospital could n't deal with her condition . Orekunrin and her family immediately began looking for an air ambulance service to rapidly transport the girl , a sickle cell anemia sufferer , to a more suitable healthcare facility . They searched all across West Africa but were stunned to find out there was none in the whole region . "  The nearest one at the time was in South Africa , " remembers Orekunrin . "  They had a 12-hour activation time so by the time they were ready to activate , my sister was dead . "  It was really a devastating time for me and I started thinking about whether I should be in England talking about healthcare in Africa , or I should be in Africa dealing with healthcare and trying to do something about it . " Orekunrin did the latter . Motivated by the tragic death of her sister , the young doctor decided to leave behind a high-flying job in the UK to take to the Nigerian skies and address the vital issue of urgent healthcare in Africa 's most populous country . Read this : Private jets spread their wings in Africa A pioneering entrepreneur with an eye for opportunity , Orekunrin set up Flying Doctors Nigeria , the first air ambulance service in West Africa , transporting victims of medical emergencies , including industrial workers from the country 's booming oil and gas sector . "  There was a situation in Nigeria where there were only two or three very good hospitals and they were sometimes a two , three , four-day journey away from the places where incidents happened , " says Orekunrin . "  We also have a huge oil and gas industry and at that time there was no coordinated system for moving people from the offshore environment to a hospital to receive treatment . " Currently in its third year , the Lagos-based company has so far airlifted about 500 patients , using a fleet of planes and helicopters to rapidly move injured workers and critically ill people from remote areas to hospitals . "  From patients with road traffic trauma , to bomb blast injuries to gunshot wounds , we save lives by moving these patients and providing a high level of care en route , " says Orekunrin . "  Many of our roads are poorly maintained , so emergency transport by road during the day is difficult . At night , we have armed robbers on our major highways ; coupled with poor lighting and poor state of the roads themselves , emergency transport by road is deadly for both patients and staff . " Flying helicopters , speaking Japanese At 27 , there is n't much Orekunrin has n't achieved . Born in London , she grew up in a foster home in the charming seaside town of Lowestoft in the south-east of England . Aged 21 , Orekunrin had already graduated from the University of York as a qualified doctor . She was then awarded the MEXT Japanese Government Scholarship and moved to Japan to conduct research in the field of regenerative medicine . After moving back to Europe the young doctor looked set for a promising career in medicine in the UK . But her desire to improve healthcare services in West Africa brought her back to her roots . Orekunrin quit her job , sold her assets and went on to study evacuation models and air ambulance services in other developing countries before launching her ambitious venture , which enables her to combine her "  deep love for medicine and Africa " with her growing passion for flying -- Orekunrin is also a also a trainee helicopter pilot . "  I wanted to find a way that I can facilitate people who were critically ill , " she says . "  Get them to see a doctor , and not just any doctor -- I wanted to facilitate getting the right patient to the right facility , within the right time frame for that particular illness , and that 's why I came to start the air ambulance . " Last month , the World Economic Forum recognized Orekunrin 's achievements by naming her amongst its prestigious Young Global Leaders class of 2013 , a group it describes as the best of today 's leaders under the age of 40 . "  It came as a surprise to me actually , " she says of the honor . "  I 'm really flattered and really happy . " Trauma epidemic Nigeria , Africa 's second-biggest economy , is the continent 's top producer of oil , boasting huge petroleum and natural gas reserves . The industry 's potential , coupled with a growing financial services sector , is expected to help drive further demand for companies such as Flying Doctors Nigeria , which works on a retainership basis with the public sector , wealthy individuals and oil and gas companies . Yet Orekunrin says that there are still several challenges that need to be navigated to successfully run a company like hers in the West African country . "  The aviation business is very expensive in Nigeria , " she says . "  Keeping costs down is always a challenge , " she adds , noting that red tape and bureaucracy are also testing small businesses ' endurance . But despite the challenges , Orekunrin remains determined to bring about change in Nigeria 's healthcare system . "  I want to achieve a proper use of the healthcare sector in Nigeria , " she says . Read this : One woman 's mission to fix water crisis Looking ahead , Orekunrin says her goal is to continue improving access to treatment while focusing on the pre-hospital and in-hospital management of injuries . She says that whilst much attention and funding is directed toward infectious diseases , Africa is also facing a big problem treating physical injuries and wounds . "  Eighty percent of the world trauma occurs in low-middle income countries just like Nigeria , " she says . "  I feel there should be more focus on the trauma epidemic that Africa currently faces . " "  In the UK , I would see one gunshot wound every three or four years . In Nigeria , I see one gunshot wound every three-four days . Add in the road-traffic trauma , falls from heights , industrial injuries , stab sounds , injuries from domestic violence and you see a huge problem that definitely needs addressing . "	Ola Orekunrin , 27 , is a medical doctor , helicopter pilot and entrepreneur She has founded the first air ambulance service in West Africa Flying Doctors Nigeria has transported 500 people in its first three years The World Economic Forum recently included Orekunrin in its Young Global Leaders list
The Frisky  -- Directing movies has gone exceptionally well for many leading men in Hollywood . Clint Eastwood has been nominated for the Best Director Oscar four times , and Warren Beatty , Robert Redford , and Kevin Costner have all gotten Oscar nods for stepping behind the camera . Oh , and George Clooney did n't do too shabby with his directorial debut , "  Good Night , and Good Luck , " did he ? The Frisky : 6 celebs who removed their implants -- compare before and after Now Angelina Jolie is taking the plunge behind the camera . She 's announced that for her next movie , she wo n't be acting -- she 'll be directing and producing . Did we forget to mention that she also wrote the screenplay ? The as-of-now untitled movie is a Bosnian War love story . "  The film focuses on a Serbian man and a Bosnian woman who meet on the eve of the war and the effect the war has on their relationship , " a public statement about the film reads . It continues that they wo n't be auditioning big names for these roles ; they 'll be using actors of "  various ethnicities from the region of the former Yugoslavia , " according to People.com . The Frisky : 10 celebs with bad body habits We wish Angie good luck on her first directing venture . In her honor , here are other famous ladies who 've sat in the director 's chair : Drew Barrymore has been producing flicks since 1995 , when she formed Flower Films , the production company that brought you "  Never Been Kissed " and "  Charlie 's Angels . " But it was n't until last year that Drew tried her hand at directing with the roller derby flick "  Whip It . " It was apparently Guy Ritchie who inspired Madonna to direct her first film , "  Filth and Wisdom . " Like their marriage , it was a stinker . We hope she does better with her new one , "  W.E. , " the tale of the affair between King Edward VIII and American socialite Wallis Simpson . The flick stars Abbie Cornish and is in production right now . The Frisky : 6 celebrity hoarders Sofia Coppola made her acting debut as a baby , in the christening scene in "  The Godfather , " because her pops was the director  Francis Ford Coppola  . She also landed roles in "  The Outsiders , " "  Peggy Sue Got Married , " and "  The Godfather Part 3 " -- all films her father directed . But then she decided to try directing . She went on to make the "  The Virgin Suicides , " "  Lost In Translation , " and "  Marie Antoinette . " She became the third woman nominated for Best Director for "  Lost in Translation . " The Frisky : 30 things women need to quit doing by 30 Barbra Streisand established a production company in 1972 and wore many hats on the set of "  Yentl " -- she wrote , produced , directed , and starred in the movie , which got five Academy Award nominations . She did the director-producer-star trifecta twice more in the 90s , for "  The Prince of Tides " and "  The Mirror Has Two Faces . " Some note that in her self-directed flicks , she gives herself a lot of close-ups . We say she earned it . Goldie Hawn not only starred in 80s classics "  Private Benjamin , " "  Protocol , " and "  Wildcats " -- she also produced them . She did n't start directing , though , until 1997 when she called the shots for the movie "  Hope . " We wo n't hold it against her that it was made for TV . The Frisky : 1 in 4 of you are in love with someone else And even Jolie 's archrival  as some magazines would have us believe  , Jennifer Aniston , has directed . The project , in 2006 , was a short film called "  Room 10 " about an emergency room . Apparently , a few years earlier , Jen was even offered the chance to direct an episode of "  Friends . " She explained later , "  Well , I was slotted to direct an episode of ` Friends ' And then I got ` The Good Girl . ' See ? So , you either got ` The Good Girl ' or you got a very bad direction of ` Friends . ' " She was apparently inspired to direct for real when Gwyneth Paltrow made a short earlier that year . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Angelina Jolie will be directing and producing her next film Drew Barrymore has been producing flicks since 1995 Sofia Coppola became the third woman nominated for Best Director
Kangerlussuaq , Greenland  CNN  -- For hundreds of years the Arctic has fascinated explorers and scientists who wonder what treasures may lie under the massive ice plains that occupy much of the territory here . Adventurers from across the globe have been coming to Greenland for years to try and uncover what secrets lay beneath the massive ice shield here , which is more than twice the size of the U.S. state of Texas . It turns out that many of the riches are not hidden under the frozen and compressed snow layers , but right in them . Scientists gather a wealth of information from the ice in Greenland . It gives of them details on climates dating back more than 100,000 years , including temperatures , precipitation , cloud cover , and special occurrences such as volcanic eruptions that leave traces of ash . "  If we can understand the past , then it will help us better predict the future of climate change , " says Trevor Popp , a climatologist from the University of Copenhagen . "  And Greenland is the best place to experience the processes first hand . Someone once told me this is where the rubber meets the road when it comes to studying climate change . " Read : Chasing down the world 's vanishing glaciers An abundance of research missions have been launched to the Arctic ice shield . One of the most respected organizations working here is Germany 's Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research . The AWI as it is known as has now given CNN the chance to participate in a mission to the Arctic , featuring the institute 's most advanced new research aircraft , Polar 6 . "  It is a two-fold mission , " Daniel Steinhage the geophysicist who headed the endeavor told us . "  On the one hand we will fly radar survey missions over the ice to penetrate the first hundred to two hundred meters . Then we will land in some of the places along our flight route to drill shallow ice cores for more exact results . " The mission 's goal was to develop an improved method to map the upper layers of Greenland 's Arctic ice , down to about 150 meters under the surface , in a bid to improve climate projection models that try to tell us how temperatures , rainfall and weather patterns on earth will evolve in the future . The research seems urgent after increases in severe weather like hurricanes have increasingly raised the question of how global ice melt contributes to these weather phenomena . Read : Greenland , Antarctica ice melt speeding up Sepp Kippstuhl , a glaciologist at AWI says researchers are not sure how much humans contribute to climate change , but that industrialization and the emissions it creates surely have effects on climate . "  We turn on so many screws that something somewhere has to change , but we do n't know what that change is or how severe it is . That is why we are trying to improve our climate modeling , " says Kippstuhl . The AWI 's mission to the Arctic will try and improve methods of gaining data on ice melt in the Arctic . After outfitting the Polar 6 research aircraft with antennas and state of the art computer systems for over a week , the team and the aircraft head to Kangerlussuaq in Greenland -- a former U.S. military base that is home to about 600 people and the largest airfield on the island . Polar 6 is a unique plane . The airframe comes from a DC-3 Dakota , a plane used by the U.S. and other militaries in World War II and the following years to transport goods . However , while Polar 6 might look like an old plane , it is outfitted with state of the art modern avionics and brand new engines , making it as reliable as any modern day aircraft . Read : Greenhouse gases reach new peak The first part of the AWI 's polar mission was conducting radar survey flights to the middle of Greenland 's ice shield . After take off from Kangerlussuaq and a flight over some of the most majestic fjords in the world , Polar 6 reached the glaciers on the fringes of Greenland 's inland ice . It took the aircraft another two hours to get to the radar survey area . The ice here is a lot like the salt flats in Nevada , there are no hills or valley , no landmarks whatsoever , making it extremely hard for the pilots to distinguish the clouds from the surface . "  The extremes that we operate in are really not something that can be taught , " Polar 6 's captain Erik Bengtsson , a Canadian , told us while navigating the ice plains . "  You need to just gain experience flying in these conditions and you always have to keep an eye on the weather because it changes so quickly out here . " Around three hours into our flight , Steinhage was finally able to boot his computers and start using the radar equipment . Read : Trying to agree a Kyoto 2.0 , as the planet simmers "  The radar penetrates about 150 to 200 meters into the ice , " Steinhage said , while monitoring a variety of screens in the plane 's hull . "  The useful data goes about 100 to 120 meters deep , after that it is very distorted , but the data from those depths is very useful . " The data gathered by Polar 6 's radars is part of the puzzle to try and map conditions in the top layers of the arctic ice shield . The ice here consists of compressed snow that fell in Greenland in the past and was then pressed into layers as more and more precipitation came down over the years . The ice is layered much like tree rings . Each layer represents a certain point in time and gives clues to the climate conditions of that era . "  If we can understand the past and get data from the past , then we can enter that information into our computers and run it forward to try and predict how the climate will change in the future , " Steinhage said . "  The problem we have is that every time we get new data there are also new questions as well . There are so many factors influencing the world 's climate that it is very hard to predict how it will change in the future . " But each bit of information also delivers some answers to questions about the how our climate is evolving . Read : Drought-stressed trees face race to adapt For the second part of the AWI 's missions , the team loaded a heavy drill into Polar 6 's hull and landed right in the middle of the ice shield on skis to drill ice cores . Delivering the drill with a plane is unique in itself , so far researchers would mostly use snow mobiles or other special vehicles to transport equipment to drill sites . A process that could take days , with Polar 6 only takes a few hours . Sepp Kipfstuhl is in charge of shallow ice core drilling at the AWI and brings more than 30 years of experience to the table . After a rough landing right on Greenland 's inland ice , Kipfstuhl and his team set up their drill and begin working . The cores they pull out of the ice will have to be scientifically evaluated in a lab for months after the end of the mission , but with his experience Kipfstuhl immediately points to signs that point to very warm summers here in the Arctic in the past years . "  On the ice you will see melt layers , " he says pointing to dark and very compressed layering in the ice . "  They are extremely prominent melt layers and guys who drilled here 30 years ago say they do n't remember melt layers this prominent . The melt layers point to extremely warm summers here in the past years , where the ice surface melted and then froze again during the winter . " That preliminary evaluation is also backed by NASA data from its ice tracking satellite . The space agency recorded unprecedented surface ice melt in the Arctic this past summer with about 97 % of Greenland 's inland ice showing signs of thawing . In normal years , about 50 % of the ice shield 's thaws . This process is also clearly visible from the air as Polar 6 flies over Greenland . Clear blue meltwater ponds dot the landscape , growing larger under the Arctic summer 's sun . Kipfstuhl and his team spent about seven hours drilling on the ice shield . All of the work happens at night because during the day the thawing is so bad that the ice surface becomes too slushy to operate a drill -- another sign that temperatures are rising . Like most scientists , Kipfstuhl is not willing to speculate how much humans are contributing to global warming . But he does say that humanity is taking a big risk . "  We are doing an experiment with our planet and we have no idea what the outcome will be , what the result will be . All we can do is try to predict it , but there are so many variables in our environment that it is very hard , " he said . The debate on climate change is extremely politically charged and it is hard to get unbiased information . In a nutshell climate researchers will give the following facts . The earth is getting warmer . Temperatures have increased dramatically since the industrial revolution but it is still unclear how much humans are contributing to global warming because there have been warmer and colder climate cycles in the past . Warming temperatures and ice melt will lead to rising sea levels and may be contributing to more frequent and more intense severe weather on earth . There is very little certainty in today 's climate research and missions like the one that the Alfred-Wegener-Institute conducted in Greenland constantly try to improve the available data to give a more accurate picture of what the future might hold on this planet we inhabit . Their predictions become a little more accurate with every expedition but every mission also brings up new sets of questions that will take decades to answer .	CNN correspondent joins scientists on mission to Greenland to understand how the vast ice sheet is changing Aerial radar missions and ice core drilling data helping build picture of past climate and helps predict future Melt layers point to extremely warm summers here in the recent years , according to scientists "  We are doing an experiment with our planet and we have no idea what the outcome will be , " says glaciologist
CNN  -- You would n't necessarily expect a blockbuster exhibition on women 's clothing to open with a giant image of a naked lady . But step inside London 's Design Museum and you 'll find Eve in all her unclothed glory , hand clasped around an apple before the first bite that sends the rest of us grasping for cover . We 've been dressing ourselves ever since , say the curators of "  Women Power Fashion , " a show chronicling how women have used clothing to empower themselves -- from Joan of Arc 's criminally short tunics , to Joan Collins ' eye-gouging shoulder pads in Dynasty . "  This is n't an exhibition about fashion , despite the fact that we use ` fashion ' in the title , " said co-curator Colin McDowell , rather cryptically , at the opening . "  It 's about clothes and how women have used them to empower themselves , to intimidate people , and to make them feel sexy . " Gaze beyond Eve 's naked form and you 'll find the black sequined dress given to Princess Diana on her 36th birthday , and a baby-blue two-piece worn by former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher after becoming leader of her party . Indeed , what really brings this exhibition to life is not simply the lovingly preserved garments -- but imagining influential women wearing them in a very different world . "  We wanted to look at how fashion mirrors what 's going on in society , " explained co-curator Donna Loveday . "  As women 's roles changed over decades , so did what they wore . " Among the vast collection of painfully rigid 19th century corsets , battered broad-brimmed hats worn by the Suffragettes , and towering Manolo Blahnik stilettos , are the personally selected outfits of 26 modern-day movers and shakers . The simple trousers , jacket , silk blouse , and red and white striped scarf owned by Mayor of Paris Anne Hidalgo may not immediately appear eye-catching -- but it has a special emotional pull . "  This scarf is my lucky charm , it 's the one I wore on the evening I won the election for Mayor of Paris " explained Hidalgo , the first woman to have job , and one who cites former U.S. Secretary of State Hilary Clinton as a role model . "  How one dresses is very important , " she said at the official exhibition opening , herself clad in a sleek black leather jacket . "  The garment is the presentation of ourselves to others . It 's a world in which we have some authority . And by definition , women are considered as not having authority , as being powerless . " Among the faceless mannequins draped in clothes usually worn by some of the most influential women in the world , is a sweeping white satin Prada cape owned by celebrity architect Zaha Hadid . The Iraqi-born British architect also designed the exhibition , creating a maze of mirrors and lime green perspex signs that guide visitors through the decades . "  She behaved in exactly the way one wants Zaha Hadid to behave -- we never saw her , " said co-curator and fashion journalist McDowell with a wry smile . "  We worked with her , and got missives passed backwards and forwards , but it was an Olympian performance , " he adds , perhaps in reference to the architect 's work on both the 2012 London and upcoming 2020 Tokyo Olympics . One thing 's for sure -- this is an exhibition dressed to impress . Opinion : Hadid -- ` In Iraq , Math was like sketching ' Timeline : The evolution of Victoria Beckham 's fashion empire Insight : Meet the new generation of ` modelpreneurs '	` Women Fashion Power ' exhibition opens at London Design Museum Chronicles how women have used clothes to empower themselves Includes rare outfits from Princess Diana , Margaret Thatcher , Zaha Hadid Mayor of Paris opens show , says clothes are ` representation of ourselves '
Joint Base Lewis-McChord , Washington  CNN  -- The American soldier accused of killing 16 Afghan villagers in a shooting rampage is sitting in a military courtroom for the next week or more , hearing the evidence against him . The Article 32 hearing began Monday at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state to determine if a trial is warranted for U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales , who could get the death penalty if convicted . The deadly shooting spree near a small U.S. base in Afghanistan 's Kandahar province last March strained already tense U.S.-Afghan relations and intensified a debate about whether to pull out American troops ahead of their planned 2014 withdrawal . "  He committed a mass killing crime , and we would like the court in the United States to implement justice and punish him according to the crime , " Ahmad Zia Syamak , a spokesman for Afghan President Hamid Karzai , told CNN on Monday . Bales acted with "  chilling premeditation " and was "  lucid , coherent and responsive " when he left the remote outpost and went from house to house , gunning down villagers , Lt. Col. Joseph Morse , the Army 's prosecutor , told the court . Women and children were among the 16 dead and six wounded , authorities said . "  Nothing really justifies killing women and children in a noncombat situation , " Bales ' attorney , John Henry Browne , told CNN earlier . "  But there may be explanations if that 's true . " Read more : Stunned friends recall good deeds of Afghanistan killings suspect The first soldier to testify Monday was Cpl. David Godwin , who said he watched a movie and drank Jack Daniels whiskey with Bales and another soldier , Sgt. Jason McLaughlin , just hours before the alleged attack . The soldiers drank moderately and did not get drunk , Godwin said . Godwin was awakened early the next morning and told Bales was missing from camp , he testified . The soldiers searched the camp for Bales , who re-appeared about 4:30 a.m. and was taken into custody , he said . Sgt. McLaughlin testified next , telling the court that Bales had awakened him at 2 a.m. and told him he had been in a nearby village and had "  shot some people up . " Mclaughlin said he did n't believe Bales and he told him to let him get back to sleep because he had to go on duty in an hour . "  I 'll be back at 5 , " he said Bales told him . "  You got me ? " As Bales departed , he told McLaughlin , "  Take care of my kids , " McLaughlin testified . When Bales approached McLaughlin and Godwin after he was taken into custody he asked them "  Did you rat me out ? Did you rat me out , man ? " Godwin testified . Bales , who had blood on his uniform and face , said , "  I thought I was doing the right thing , " Godwin testified . While waiting for helicopter to take him away , Bales told Godwin "  It 's bad . It 's bad . It 's real bad , " Godwin said . Capt. Daniel Fields , the third witness , said that when he asked Bales what had happened after he surrendered , he replied , "  I 'm sorry I let you down . " A crowd of Afghan villagers gathered outside the camp as the sun began to rise that morning , Fields said . He was told their trucks were filled with people who had been shot , he said . "  Interpreters were spit on because the people knew they worked for Americans , " so the U.S. soldiers stayed out of sight to avoid a confrontation , he testified . Browne said in a CBS interview that his client appeared to have memory problems predating the incident . "  He has some memories about what happened before the alleged event and some memories after the alleged event and some windows here and there into things , but he really does n't have any memory , " Browne said . Along with the 16 counts of premeditated murder , six counts of attempted murder and seven counts of assault , Bales is also charged with illicit use of alcohol and steroids . The steroid use will be a key factor in Bales ' defense , Browne said . "  Steroid use is going to be an issue in this case , especially where Sgt. Bales got steroids and how he got steroids , " he told CNN last spring . Bales , who served three tours of duty in Iraq before being sent to Afghanistan , may have been suffering post-traumatic stress disorder , Browne said . Bales suffered a traumatic brain injury during a roadside bomb explosion and lost part of his foot in separate tours in Iraq , he said . "  Anybody that has seen what he 's seen and done what he 's done at the request of the military -- and I 'm not talking about these allegations -- I think would have PTSD . ... Dragging parts of bodies around is not something you forget very often . " Read more : Soldier who allegedly killed 16 Afghans engaged in financial fraud Following Afghan tradition , the 16 victims were buried soon after the deaths , before autopsies could be done . Some legal experts have told CNN that could present a difficulty for prosecutors . But there were photographs taken of the victims and survivors who saw it happen . Also , if any rounds were recovered from the scene and matched his weapon , they could be used as evidence against Bales . The Article 32 hearing , named after the section of the military code of justice that dictates how it works , is sort of a combination of a grand jury hearing and a preliminary hearing in a civilian criminal case . But there are significant differences . For instance , there will be significant testimony from many of the potential witnesses in the case , and unlike in a grand jury case , Bales and his attorney will be there and be able to cross-examine the witnesses against him or even present witnesses of their own . Read more : Afghan villagers describe slaying 's horror , differ on number involved This hearing , which is expected to last up to two weeks , will be even more unusual in that the courtroom will be linked by satellite to Afghanistan , where some of the witnesses will testify by teleconference . On some days , the hearing in Washington state wo n't even begin until dinnertime , when the day is just beginning on the other side of the world in Afghanistan . In one other difference from civilian court , the person who acts as the judge in the case will not make a decision about whether the case should go to trial in a court-martial . He or she will make a recommendation to the officer who ordered that the hearing be held . That person will decide which , if any , charges Bales will face at trial and also whether prosecutors will pursue the death penalty in the case . Under fire : Wartime stress as a defense for murder CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy and Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	NEW : Bales told a captain "  I 'm sorry I let you down , " the officer testifies A sergeant says Bales told him he had been in a village and "  shot some people up " Another soldier testifies Bales watched a movie and drank Jack Daniels whiskey before attacks The U.S. soldier is charged with assault , attempted murder , 16 counts of premeditated murder
CNN  -- Given the country 's aviation boom and pilot shortage , you might think this would be a good time to be a pilot in China . According to an open letter from pilots making the rounds on Chinese media , however , major issues within China 's cockpits may eventually "  threaten flight safety . " Signed by dozens of Air China pilots last month , the letter criticizes unfair salary structures between Chinese and foreign pilots and complains about what the pilots call the airline 's "  blind expansion " policy and a "  destructive usage " of pilots . The letter , whose authenticity CNN has not been able to independently verify , says that overwhelming demands on local pilots and more favorable treatment of foreign pilots is leading to extreme friction among flight crews and an unbearable work environment . The Chinese pilots say they 're hoping a new leave policy will be implemented , given that the current workload has left their physical and mental health "  severely damaged . " Headquartered in Beijing , China 's national flag carrier operates more than a thousand flights on peak travel days according to the airline 's official company profile , and employs 3,700 flight crew , according to the Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post . Demanding equal pay Unequal pay and unfavorable treatment of local employees compared with expat hires is a major point of contention in the letter . " -LSB- Foreign pilots -RSB- do not have a higher skill or standard compared to us , and are not able to enhance the overall technical skill of the airline , " says the letter , claiming foreign pilots enjoy more days off , easier flight routes and much larger salaries than their Chinese counterparts . "  The sense of superiority in the bones of white people , plus unfair payments , has made the relationship between Chinese and foreign pilots intense , extremely unhelpful to cockpit management and will eventually threaten flight safety , " says the letter , which has since mostly disappeared from Chinese news and social media web sites . The letter was initially picked up by local newspapers , but has not been featured in the national  state-run  media . While Boeing and Airbus have established pilot training schools in China and other Asian countries , the demand for pilots is so high that it 's difficult for many Asian airlines to keep up . A Boeing report published in August 2013 predicted that the global explosion in demand for air travel -- mostly in the Asia Pacific region -- will require 192,300 new pilots by 2032 . The report forecast that a staggering 40 % of that demand -- 77,400 pilots -- will come from China . In recent years , Chinese airlines seeking quick solutions to pilot shortages have recruited foreign pilots with high salaries and enticing benefits packages . Although Air China declined to comment to CNN for this story , current job postings appear to confirm a wide discrepancy between salaries paid to Chinese and foreign pilots . A current recruitment posting on Aviationjobsearch.com by Air China for a foreign A330 captain lists a starting salary of $ 204,000 . Meanwhile , Chinese financial news site Yicai  link in Chinese  reports that a local Air China pilot makes approximately $ 96,000 . Ca n't quit The report states that Air China pilots receive the lowest salary in China among nationalized and private airlines in terms of hourly wage . It 's not just salary discrepancy that Air China pilots are unhappy with . Even when they wish to resign , Chinese pilots are prohibited from quitting , say Air China pilots in the letter . In China , pilots resignations must be approved by airlines , as pilots are considered assets too expensive to lose due to expensive training paid for by airlines . Chinese courts typically side with the airlines in such disputes , sometimes forcing pilots to pay exorbitant fines in order to resign .	To meet pilot shortage , Chinese airlines pay foreign pilots higher salaries than Chinese pilots Air China pilots are protesting unfair treatment Burdensome work shifts have left pilots ' health "  severely damaged , " says open letter from pilots Tension among flight crews will "  eventually threaten flight safety , " claim pilots
Silverstone , England  CNN  -- It was a red letter day for Formula One driver Jules Bianchi at Silverstone this week . The Frenchman donned Ferrari 's famous scarlet uniform as he was chosen to deputize for the injured Kimi Raikkonen on the final day of in-season testing . Bianchi , who drives for the back-of-the-grid Marussia team , told CNN he received a phone call on Monday evening asking him to stand in for the Finn , who is recuperating from a bruising crash in Sunday 's British Grand Prix . His big chance was widely seen as an audition for a future Ferrari drive -- perhaps as soon as 2016 . The 24-year-old did not fluff his lines in Wednesday 's session , setting the fastest time and clocking up 89 laps . "  I was consistent and doing good lap time , " Bianchi said after stepping out the Ferrari F14 T racer . "  I think I showed the team I can work well and I can be quick , but it was a day of testing so it was not the target to compare me with other drivers . "  It was just the target to improve the car and to help the team , so I think I 've done my job with that and I 'm really happy . " It is not the first time that Bianchi , who has been under the wing of the Ferrari Academy since 2010 , has driven in a test for the Italian marque . But despite a reluctance to talk up his Silverstone outing , the call-up seemed to have extra significance because he was chosen to replace Raikkonen , who said after his crash he still wanted to fulfill his testing duties . Fernando Alonso , the team 's de facto No. 1 , was also not brought back to England to help with the crucial final test of the 2014 season . "  If one day they want me I will be ready , " Bianchi said when asked if he was hopeful his testing performance would lead to promotion to a Ferrari seat . "  Considering that I 'm part of the academy it 's the target one day , so I have to show them . "  We 'll see because at the moment they have two drivers and they are doing a good job so I do n't think it 's the plan . "  For the moment I will just focus on what I have do which is with Marussia . I think it 's really important to keep going like this . "  It 's never easy to stay in Formula One but I hope I show enough to Ferrari that I deserve to stay so they can help me . " Bianchi has impressed since making his debut last season with Marussia , which uses Ferrari engines . At the 2014 Monaco Grand Prix he claimed his first career points -- and the first for the team since it started out as Manor Racing in 2010 -- by finishing ninth . While Bianchi continues to work towards a future at Ferrari , Alonso and Raikkonen are both out of contract at the end of 2015 . Ferrari is the only team to boast a lineup of two world champions but the experienced pairing has struggled to deliver results . It has been another difficult season for the once-dominant force in F1 . Ferrari president Luca Di Montzemolo went so far as to call it "  painful . " The Ferrari engine has not matched the might of Mercedes -- which leads both the driver and constructor championships -- and team principal Stefano Domenicali resigned three races into the season , triggering structural changes within the organization . Alonso has continued to battle on track , claiming the team 's only podium with third in China , but there are question marks over Raikkonen 's performance and motivation since he joined from Lotus . The team 's 2007 champion has out-qualified Alonso twice but has been beaten by the Spanish double world champion in every grand prix so far . If Bianchi represents the future , it is no wonder Ferrari is already looking ahead .	Jules Bianchi given run by Ferrari at testing session in Britain Frenchman drives for Marussia but is part of Ferrari Academy Kimi Raikkonen was rested following high-speed crash on Sunday Finn has struggled since rejoining the Italian team this year
Brussels , Belgium  CNN  -- NATO and Russia remained at odds over the alliance 's plans for a missile defense system in Europe after a foreign ministers meeting in Brussels Thursday . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said "  differences remain " over the plans , but he rejected Russia 's complaints that NATO was ignoring Moscow 's concerns the missile defense system could be used against it . "  We listen and we have listened today , " Rasmussen said after a meeting of NATO 's 28 foreign ministers with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov . "  We take Russian concerns seriously . " Rasmussen 's tone was softer than his comments Wednesday , when he said Russia 's threats to withdraw from the START treaty and deploy ballistic missiles on its southern border to counter the missile shield were reminiscent of a confrontation of a bygone era and reflect a "  fundamental misunderstanding of the West 's intentions . " "  We do not consider Russia an enemy , " he said Thursday after the meeting . "  We consider Russia a partner . " Lavrov said after the talks that NATO was unwilling to compromise "  Unfortunately our partners are not yet ready for cooperation on missile defense , " he said , adding the Moscow needed "  clear guarantees " the missile defense system would not target its own nuclear deterrent . "  We stand ready for dialogue provided that legitimate concerns of all parties are taken into consideration , " Lavrov said . "  We can find a mutually beneficial solution , we still have some time but time is running out every day . " The Obama administration and its European allies have tried to ease Russia 's fears over the project by insisting that the system is directed toward countering the missile threat from the Middle East from which Russia also needs protection . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton attempted to make that argument again following the meeting . "  We will continue to press forward on missile defense ; we 'll be transparent . We have explained that our system can not and will not threaten Russia , does not affect our strategic balance with Russia , " she told reporters . "  No other country will be given a veto over what threats we perceive are most salient . Ballistic missiles against the territory we are pledged to protect are not coming from Russia in our assessment but from other locations . It 's not directed at Russia , not about Russia ; it 's Iran and others who are threatening to develop missile technology . " Since NATO approved the U.S.-designed system at last year 's summit in Lisbon , Poland , Romania , Spain and Turkey have agreed to deploy parts of it . NATO asked Russia to participate in the system but negotiations have been deadlocked over Russia 's demand for a legally binding treaty guaranteeing the shield would not be used as a deterrent to Moscow 's own systems . Rasmussen said he hoped a political agreement with Moscow could be reached before a summit between NATO and Russia in Chicago next May . That is when NATO is expected to declare an interim operational capability of the system . Last month , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev threatened to withdraw from the START treaty on nuclear weapons reductions and deploy ballistic missiles in its exclave of Kaliningrad on its border with Europe if NATO moved ahead with the plans for missile defense . Tensions increased last week when Dmitry Rogozin , Russia 's ambassador to NATO , suggested Moscow would close transit routes that send vital supplies to troops in Afghanistan . More than half the supplies for NATO forces in Afghanistan now arrive from Afghanistan 's northern border with Russia and Central Asia . The so-called Northern Distribution Network has become even more important to the war effort in Afghanistan now that Pakistan has shut down its border crossings into Afghanistan following a U.S. air attack killed two dozen Pakistani soldiers late last month . U.S. officials have said that Rogozin has indicated that his remarks were taken "  out of context , " but he has yet to clarify his remarks . Rasmussen said such threats to close the supply routes were an "  empty threat " because stabilizing Russia was "  clearly in Russia 's self interests . " Moscow "  knows from bitter experience that instability in Afghanistan has negative repercussions in Russia as well , " he said , referring to the Soviet occupation of the country in the 1990s . Tensions remained high with Russia over comments by Hillary Clinton this week voicing "  serious concerns " about recent Russia 's parliamentary elections and calling for an investigation into allegations of fraud and vote-rigging . Russia 's Foreign Ministry described Clinton 's comments as "  unacceptable " and Medvedev said Russia 's political system was "  none of their business . " NATO ministers also discussed Afghanistan and plans to gradually transfer security control to Afghan forces before foreign combat troops plan to withdraw by the end of 2014 , as well as tensions with Pakistan over last month 's attack . The United States has expressed condolences for the attack and is leading an investigation into the incident . Rasmussen on Wednesday expressed regret for the attack and called for renewed cooperation between NATO and Pakistan in Afghanistan . "  I fully agree that at the end of the day we need a positive engagement of Pakistan if we are to ensure long-term peace and stability in Afghanistan , " he said . The NATO meeting follows Monday 's conference in Bonn , Germany , where some 100 nations and international organizations pledged to keep supporting Afghanistan beyond the 2014 withdrawal .	NEW : Clinton says "  it 's Iran and others who are threatening to develop missile technology " " We believe our defenses would be more effective if we cooperate , " NATO chief says Missile defense topped the agenda at a meeting of the NATO-Russia council NATO has asked Russia to participate in the system , but negotiations have been at an impasse
London  CNN  -- The jury in the phone hacking trial of former newspaper editor and ex-Downing Street communications chief Andy Coulson has been discharged after it could not reach a verdict on the final charges in the case , a court official said Wednesday . Former News of the World editor Coulson was convicted Tuesday of conspiracy to hack phones between 2000 and 2006 . But the jury was not able to reach a decision Wednesday on two charges each of conspiring to commit misconduct in a public office against Coulson and the paper 's former royal editor , Clive Goodman . The court said that a decision on a retrial for these charges would be made Monday . Another of Rupert Murdoch 's former newspaper chiefs , Rebekah Brooks , was unanimously cleared of all charges Tuesday after the eight-month trial at the Old Bailey court . Shortly before the jury was discharged , the judge in the case , John Saunders , issued an unusual rebuke to Prime Minister David Cameron and "  a large number of politicians from all parties " for commenting on the case after the partial verdicts Tuesday . "  I consider that what has happened is unsatisfactory so far as justice and the rule of law are concerned , " Saunders said in his ruling . "  The press in court have been extremely responsible in their reporting of this case but when politicians regard it as open season , one can not expect the press to remain silent . " The ruling followed an application for the jury to be discharged on the basis that it was no longer possible for Coulson and Goodman to have a fair trial because of those comments . But the judge said he had decided not to discharge the jury on those grounds . "  I am satisfied that the jury will continue to try Mr. Coulson and Mr. Goodman on the evidence that they have heard in court and solely on that evidence , " he said . A spokesman for the Prime Minister 's office said that Cameron had taken the "  best legal advice " before giving a statement Tuesday . Cameron : ` Wrong decision ' Speaking before the House of Commons on Wednesday , Cameron repeated the apology he 'd made a day earlier for hiring Coulson as his director of communications in 2007 . "  I am sorry , this was the wrong decision , but I think it 's right that we 've had a public inquiry in this country , and it 's right that we have proper investigations , " he said . "  Yesterday once again showed that no one is above the law in our country . " Public and political outrage over the hacking revelations led to the closure of the 168-year-old News of the World paper and the setting up of a public inquiry to examine journalistic ethics , known as the Leveson Inquiry , as well as a police investigation . In a statement Wednesday , Cressida Dick , the Metropolitan Police assistant commissioner who oversaw the investigation , said it had been "  complex and challenging " -- and that officers involved had been aware of the "  sensitivities " of investigating a national newspaper and confidential journalistic material . "  This investigation has never been about an attack on press freedom but one to establish whether any criminal offenses had been committed , to establish who was responsible for committing them and to bring them to justice . The victims deserved no less , " she said . "  Along with the verdicts , I hope this will give some comfort to the many victims that justice has been served . " The Metropolitan Police investigation into phone hacking , which was launched in January 2011 and dubbed Operation Weeting , identified 5,500 victims . Of those , 3,500 have been contacted , a police statement said . The investigation involved sifting through millions of e-mails , tens of thousands of documents , other data communications and financial transactions , it said . Murdered schoolgirl Tuesday 's verdicts came three years after it was revealed that journalists on News of the World hacked the voice mail of then-missing teenager Milly Dowler in 2002 , raising hopes that she was alive and checking messages , when in fact she had been murdered . At the time the schoolgirl 's voice mail was intercepted , Brooks was editor of Britain 's top-selling News of the World , and Coulson was her deputy . After Coulson succeeded her as editor , Brooks edited The Sun newspaper , and she later became chief executive of the parent company , News International -- now known as News UK . Coulson resigned as News of the World editor in 2007 after its then-royal editor , Goodman , and a private investigator , Glenn Mulcaire , were jailed for hacking into voice-mail messages left for royal aides . Coulson denied any wrongdoing and later became Cameron 's director of communications . The former editor resigned from his Downing Street position in 2011 as coverage of the phone hacking scandal broadened . ` Wrongdoing occurred ' Besides a charge of conspiracy to hack voice mails , Brooks also was accused of conspiring to pervert the course of justice , as was her husband , Charlie Brooks , and her former personal assistant , Cheryl Carter . All three were cleared of those charges , the Press Association reported , as was former News International head of security Mark Hanna . Retired managing editor Stuart Kuttner was cleared of conspiracy to hack phones . Five people pleaded guilty to phone hacking charges before the case came to trial , the police said . They were Mulcaire , Neville Thurlbeck , Greg Miskiw , James Weatherup and Daniel Evans . News UK , the UK newspaper publishing arm of Murdoch 's News Corp. , said in a statement : "  We said long ago , and repeat today , that wrongdoing occurred , and we apologized for it . We have been paying compensation to those affected and have cooperated with investigations . " The publisher said it was making changes to ensure this kind of wrongdoing did not recur and that it supported a new UK press watchdog expected to start work later this year . CNN 's Peter Wilkinson and Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I hope this will give some comfort to the many victims , " says senior police officer Jury discharged after failing to reach final verdicts against Andy Coulson and ex-royal editor Court to decide Monday if there will be a retrial on remaining charges Judge criticizes Prime Minister , other politicians for commenting on case after partial verdicts
CNN  The rock stars of the '60s and '70s have , inevitably , gotten older . Many are now in their 70s ; some have even passed on . Pattie Boyd still sees them as vigorous youths . "  I feel very lucky that I was part of that whole scene in the '60s and '70s , " she says in a phone interview from her home in Britain . "  I love looking at the photographs because everyone was young , and they were so gorgeous to look at . " "  The photographs " are the pictures that Boyd , 69 , took of many of the era 's notables -- including her former husbands , George Harrison and Eric Clapton . As Harrison 's wife , she was there when the Beatles went through the frenzy of Beatlemania , the journeys of psychedelia and mysticism and the crumbling of their partnership . With Clapton -- who ardently pursued her for years -- she witnessed a guitarist at the peak of his solo fame as well as his struggle with addiction . She was married to Harrison from 1966 to 1977 and Clapton from 1979 to 1989 . Boyd 's photographs , including many of the Beatles and Clapton , went on display at the San Francisco Art Exchange on Tuesday and will remain on exhibit until March 15 . The photos capture a rare intimacy and casualness . The Beatles are photographed on their 1968 visit to India , with the group looking relaxed and happy . In another picture , Clapton grins at fellow guitarist Freddie King in 1974 . Then there 's one of Harrison in the early '90s , clutching a ukulele -- a favorite instrument of the Beatles guitarist , who died in 2001 . Some of the photographs only recently turned up , says Boyd . "  I 'm quite a sloppy person as far as working out where all my negatives and slides are , " she says . One of them pictures a group setting up the stage for "  The Last Waltz , " the 1976 San Francisco concert filmed by Martin Scorsese . Boyd , who wrote a memoir in 2007 , says there 's some emotion underneath the pictures , even decades later .  After all , she inspired a number of songs on Clapton 's "  Layla " album , his way of channeling the anguish he felt for loving his best friend 's wife .  But it 's not necessarily sorrow or longing . The pictures also bring back a lot of happiness , she says . Many Harrison photos , particularly one from late 1967 , show him at ease , before the agonies of the Beatles ' business troubles took root . And Clapton never looks happier than when he 's on stage : "  He never , never , never had stage nerves . In the middle of a conversation  he 'd say  , ` Oh , I 've got to go on now , ' and just walk on as if he were walking into his home . " She understands that -- despite time in front of the camera herself , as a model for the likes of David Bailey -- she 'll probably always be looked at in the context of her famous mates . But that 's OK . "  I ca n't rewrite history , " she says . "  I 'll always be linked to the Beatles , George and Eric . " It does n't hurt , however , that she 'll always see them as young and beautiful . "  We all get a bit older , " she says , "  but , you know , I 'm so glad that I have these photos . "	Pattie Boyd 's photographs capture a rare intimacy and casualness of former husbands George Harrison and Eric Clapton Some of the photographs only recently turned up , says Boyd Boyd 's photographs went on display at the San Francisco Art Exchange
CNN  -- Formula One 's big-name drivers have spoken of their desire to put on a sporting spectacle which Japan 's motorsport fans can enjoy , as the country continues to recover from their devastating earthquake earlier this year . Japan was hit by a catastrophic quake and tsunami in March which left 27,000 people dead or missing , and F1 's drivers have been telling of their continued support for the nation ahead of Sunday 's race at Suzuka . Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel will seal a second consecutive world championship if he finishes higher than 10th in the race and the German expressed his admiration for the Japanese people . "  The fans in Japan are special , " Vettel , who has won the last two grands prix in Japan , told Formula One 's official website . "  What they have been through in recent times is something I can not begin to imagine , but they are so impressive . F1 title race : Vettel on the brink "  They are extremely patient and always polite and friendly and their stamina is amazing . I hope we can put on a good show for them this weekend . " McLaren 's Jenson Button is the only other driver who can still mathematically overhaul Vettel and the 2009 title winner spoke of his fondness for Japan , saying the Asian country is a home away from home . "  I consider Japan my second home , " Button , 31 , said . "  It 's a place that 's very close to my heart , and , obviously , it 's going to be a very emotional experience for me to be racing in Japan for the first time since the events of last March . "  I 'm very proud that the Formula One world championship will put Japan on the world 's sporting stage this weekend : while the country is still collectively rebuilding itself . "  I hope we can put on a great race to bring further strength to the people of Japan . And to everyone in Japan , I say : ` Ganbatte ! -LSB- Japanese for good luck -RSB- ' " Button 's fellow-Briton and teammate Lewis Hamilton , a world champion in 2008 , praised the Suzuka circuit and described it as one of his favorite Formula One destinations . "  The Japanese Grand Prix is one of the highlights of my season , " Hamilton , 26 , said . "  I think Suzuka will play to my strengths : it 's a track that really requires you to drive in an attacking way to be able to get a good lap time . "  It 's an uncompromising place . But that 's when the thrill of driving a Formula One car is at its highest . " Kamui Kobayashi will be the sole Japanese racer on the grid this weekend , with the Sauber driver excited by the prospect of competing in front of his home crowd . "  I am very proud of Suzuka as this is one of the really great circuits , " the 25-year-old said . "  It is always really enjoyable to drive here as well . Racing here is always great and really thanks to the many fans as they are always waiting for Formula One . "	F1 's drivers have expressed their support for Japan in the wake of March quake Sebastian Vettel said the fans in Japan are special as he looks to seal world title McLaren 's Jenson Button referred to Japan as a second home Japan 's Kamui Kobayashi is looking forward to racing at his home grand prix
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Vladimir Putin spent the Russian New Year boogying to the hits of ABBA after spending $ 30,000 to fly a tribute band to a lake town north of Moscow . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin flew an ABBA tribute band to Russia for a private concert . According to Bjorn Again founder , Rod Stephen , Putin disco pointed to the ABBA classics "  Super Trouper " and "  Mamma Mia " at a gathering of only eight guests . Stephen said he received a phone call from the Kremlin prior to Christmas . "  It was pretty mad . It was the type of phone call everyone gets everyday from Moscow . I thought someone was taking the piss . " Stephen said an agent in Moscow then set the gig up , and he was told it was for Russia 's "  number two . " He said the band were flown to Moscow and then had a nine-hour bus trip to Lake Valdai -- where Putin has held high-level meetings in the past -- on January 22  the traditional date of Russian New Year 's eve  . "  The band and crew were searched at checkpoints by people with appropriately sized weapons , " Stephen said . He said the band played behind a heavy gauze curtain , which made it hard for them to see the audience . However , the could make out Putin 's profile and that of the other seven guests . Stephen said it was initially "  roaring " at the venue . "  When the band started people were sitting on sofas . But then Putin was up and dancing to Super Trouper and Mamma Mia , pointing fingers up and down . " The band played for an hour before being shown out as the guests went to watch a fireworks display . Stephen said they were paid $ 30,000 and their expenses covered . He described it as the "  weirdest " gig the band had done . "  I 've had phone calls from the agency saying ` do n't talk to anyone else we are getting grief from the Kremlin , ' but there was no non-disclosure contract . "	Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has revealed a love for ABBA 's hits ABBA tribute band founder says he flew group to Russia for private concert Rod Stephen says there were only eight people in the audience
EW.com  -- "  The Office " ends its nine-season run this month , and rumors have been swirling with respect to how the stories will wrap up and who will return to say goodbye . At the forefront of the rumors is former "  Office " star Steve Carell , who led the Dunder Mifflin crew as General Manager Michael Scott for seven seasons . His particular delivery of Scott 's insensitive and naive dialogue drew many viewers to the show , and fans are desperate for news of his return . NBC announces ` The Office ' retrospective special Predictions Monday by TV Line have narrowed a Carell appearance to a cameo , having confirmed by unnamed sources that Michael Scott will indeed return for a final farewell moment . Last week on "  Late Show With David Letterman , " Mindy Kaling claimed not to remember if Carell would be in the finale or not . When pressed , she said she had signed a nondisclosure agreement and did n't want to lie to Letterman . ` The Office ' debuts farewell web series featuring Will Ferrell , more In a conference call with reporters last week , show creator Greg Daniels danced around the query , saying , "  I think Steve felt , and I agree , that the ` Goodbye , Michael ' episode was his goodbye and he did n't want to overshadow the ending that all the other characters deserved . " Daniels did n't specifically say that an appearance by the former boss was out of the question , only that he left on a good note . NBC has not yet returned EW 's request for comment . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Office " will end its nine-season run this month Rumors are swirling that former star Steve Carell will return for the finale Show creator Greg Daniels has danced around the question NBC has yet to comment
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is VICE 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- VICE visited Iran to document the country 's prestigious , internationally recognized film culture . It was April 2009 , just a few months ahead of the national elections that sent the country into a series of bloody revolts , clearly the calm before the storm . There were no signs that national discontent was brewing . Instead , there was the sense that the country was ready to dispense with its own personal George Bush -- Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- through free and fair elections . People would politely smile and shrug when we mentioned his name . It was the spring , and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs had just released their new album that month , and I had "  Zero " in heavy rotation on my iPod . Things were so calm and nonchalant that I even contemplated shooting a music video for the song on the streets of Tehran . The idea was to get some local girls to push regular gestures like waving and walking to the point of dance , to see how far we could push dance out into a public sphere , where it would clearly be frowned upon , if not worse . Pretty cool concept , right ? It was n't until a few months later , after seeing bloody young Iranian protesters in those same streets , that I realized how risky that music video would have been . See the rest of Inside Iranian Cinema at VBS.TV Modern Iran is a place of many , many rules . Dancing in the streets in the Islamic Republic of Iran is not something I would recommend . Lots of things are taboo in Iran . It 's a nation of laws . Lots and lots of written , otherwise stated , largely assumed , often implied , always religiously motivated laws . The country is a curious confluence of laws , divine and terrestrial . The country is caught in the grip of a clerical elite that takes its cues as much from the pages of an Orwellian dystopia as it does from the pages of any sacred text . This is what makes Iranian film so amazing . It is an industry and a culture that thrives to international acclaim and prestige in the face of all of those rules and laws  or maybe because of them  . The Iranian filmmakers we met on our trip were working under conditions that we simply ca n't really appreciate in our free and freely decadent West . One of the most vivid memories of the trip was a visit to an acting school where young Iranians learned the very idiosyncratic style of acting for the Iranian screen . Men and woman should n't touch each other in suggestive ways , like hugging or dancing cheek to cheek , and of course onscreen kissing is strictly forbidden . There has n't been a filmed kiss in Iran since the Revolution . But the actors in this acting class were incredibly expressive , huffing , puffing , crying on cue and expressing pain and love and happiness through the cracks in the code . Watching them , I felt like I was like watching silent film actors of a hundred years ago . And I really could n't help but think , what do they think of Lady Gaga ?	Iran producing critically acclaimed work amid renewed passion for film Films offer rare glimpse of cultural , individual diversity in country VBS travels to film festival in Tehran to meet top directors , actors
CNN  Gen. David Petraeus pleaded guilty Tuesday to one federal charge of removing and retaining classified information as part of a plea deal , court documents show . According to the documents , Petraeus admitted removing several so-called black books -- notebooks in which he kept classified and non-classified information from his tenure as the commander of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan -- and giving them to his biographer , Paula Broadwell . On November 9 , 2012 , he resigned from his CIA post , citing personal reasons . Petraeus allegedly provided classified intelligence to his lover , Broadwell , while he was director of the CIA . The married mother of two and former military officer was writing a book about the general at the time . During his time as commander in Afghanistan , Petraeus kept personal notes including classified information in eight 5-by-8 inch black notebooks . The classified information including identity of covert officers , war strategy , notes from diplomatic and national security meetings and security code words . David Petraeus fast facts In August 2011 , according to the court documents , Petraeus dropped off the notebooks to a house in Washington , D.C. , so Broadwell could access them . He later retrieved them and brought them to his home in Arlington , Va. . After Petraeus resigned in 2012 he told the government he had no classified materials in his possession . That turned out not to be true when the FBI in April 2013 conducted a search of his house and found the black notebooks in an unlocked desk drawer in a first floor study . When he was questioned by the FBI , he lied and claimed that he had never provided classified information to anyone not authorized to have it , according to the court documents . The relationship came to light during an FBI investigation into a complaint that Broadwell was allegedly sending harassing e-mails to another woman who was close to Petraeus , a U.S. official told CNN in January . Petraeus now works for New York private equity firm KKR & Co. . Lawyers for Petraeus declined to comment .	Petraeus resigned as CIA chief when the affair came to light in 2012 The general provided classified intelligence to his biographer , who was also his mistress
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Peace Corps temporarily has suspended operations in Bolivia because of "  growing instability , " the organization said . Riot police line up to block the passage of activists Monday in the Bolivian capital of La Paz . All Peace Corps volunteers who were working there have been moved to Peru , the organization said in a Monday statement , explaining that the volunteers will have the opportunity to close out their service or be transferred to another post . "  Our first priority is the safety and security of our volunteers , " Peace Corps Director Ron Tschetter said in the statement . "  Thousands of Peace Corps Volunteers have served in Bolivia since 1962 , building deep friendships with the people there . We hope the situation will improve soon so future volunteers can continue the Peace Corps ' fine tradition of valuable service to the Bolivian people . " It was not immediately clear how many Peace Corps volunteers were affected . The organization said its volunteers worked in agriculture , business development , environment , health and youth development . Evo Morales , Bolivia 's first Indian president , is battling an autonomy movement in the natural gas-rich eastern departments of Santa Cruz , Pando , Beni and Tarija . The movement was sparked by Morales ' pledge to redistribute wealth from the east to the country 's poorer highlands . The unrest killed more than 30 people last week in Pando , and Morales declared martial law there Friday . Watch clashes and protests in Bolivia " Members of the 4-month-old Union of South American Countries lent support to Morales on Monday night , voting to create a commission to support the Bolivian government , according to President Michelle Bachelet of Chile . Watch as South American leaders try to defuse the crisis " Since the turmoil began some three weeks ago , Morales has thrown out the U.S. ambassador to Bolivia , accusing the American government of inciting the violence . The expelled ambassador , Philip Goldberg , called the charges "  false and baseless " and said Bolivia was making a "  grave mistake . " Washington has expelled the Bolivian ambassador , Gustavo Guzman , in response . Despite the escalating diplomatic strife , Goldberg said the United States and Bolivia will continue diplomatic relations . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez also has expelled the U.S. ambassador to Venezuela in solidarity with Bolivia , and the United States has followed suit . Honduran President Manuel Zelaya has announced that he also is suspending the accreditation of the U.S. ambassador to his country in support of Bolivia .	Peace Corps cites "  growing instability " in Bolivia for decision Bolivian leader Evo Morales battling autonomy movement in country 's eastern part Morales has accused U.S. of inciting violence in Bolivia U.S. envoy thrown out ; U.S. has expelled Bolivian ambassador
Openly gay youths will be allowed to join scouting , a historic decision the Boy Scouts of America says will keep it unclouded by "  a single , divisive , and unresolved societal issue . " More than 60 % of the group 's 1,400-member national council voted Thursday at an annual meeting in Grapevine , Texas , for the change , which takes effect Jan. 1 . "  No youth may be denied membership in the Boy Scouts of America on the basis of sexual orientation or preference alone , " says the resolution . The BSA , however , will maintain its ban on gay adult leaders . "  The resolution also reinforces that Scouting is a youth program , and any sexual conduct , whether heterosexual or homosexual , by youth of Scouting age is contrary to the virtues of Scouting , " the 103-year-old organization said in a statement after the vote . The BSA said there are no plans for further review of the issue . BSA President Wayne Perry said the vote came after "  an extensive dialogue within the scouting family  that  was exhaustive and ... very respectful . " "  No matter how you feel about this issue , kids are better off in scouting , " Perry told reporters . "  Our mission is to serve every kid . " Reaction from interest groups to Thursday 's vote was swift . The Human Rights Campaign said the BSA took a "  historic step forward . " "  Unfortunately , the new policy does not go far enough , leaving adult Eagle Scouts , scout leaders , and parents behind , " the group said . Scouts for Equality and GLAAD lauded the BSA 's "  commitment to creating a more inclusive organization . " Jennifer Tyrrell , an Ohio mother who was ousted as a den leader in April 2012 because she 's lesbian , called Thursday 's vote "  incredible . " Opinion : Boy Scouts ' decision makes no sense "  They 've never been raised to discriminate against anyone regardless of sex or color or anything , so they ca n't understand why people care so much , " she said of her children . " ... Definitely , one day , I hope they look back and think that we 're part of something amazing . " Tyrrell , in an interview with CNN affiliate KTVT , said that the vote energized her for her next push -- to change Boy Scout policy so that gays and lesbian adults , like herself , can serve as leaders . "  When we used to exclude women from things , when we used to exclude black people from things , and that never has ever worked , but we continue to do it , " she said . "  I 'm going to be around to make sure that that 's not the case . We 're definitely not going to go away . " Conservative groups and some religious organizations argued against making any change in the membership policy , saying it would dilute the Boy Scout message of morality and potentially destroy the organization . John Stemberger , founder of OnMyHonor.net , which opposed the resolution , called the vote a "  sad day for Scouting . " Stemberger claimed that Boy Scout officials did n't foster a "  robust discussion , " did n't provide "  honest information " and "  hid information from the delegates . " He claimed that scouting groups now have two options : to "  segregate " gay scouts from heterosexual ones by putting them in separate tents , or "  put homosexual boys with other boys and put them at risk . " "  We would n't put boys and girls sleeping together . Why ? Because they 're attracted to each other , " Stemberger told reporters . The conservative Family Research Council tweeted : "  Sadly , the @boyscouts ' legacy of producing great leaders has become yet another casualty of moral compromise . " BSA conducted a survey on the issue The vote followed months of intense debate among interest groups and within the ranks of Scouting itself . In February , the Boy Scouts ' national executive board postponed a vote on the issue and ordered a survey of its members . That survey showed an organization divided by age and , in some cases , by region . "  While a majority of adults in the Scouting community support the BSA 's current policy of excluding open and avowed homosexuals , young parents and teens tend to oppose the policy , " the survey said . Survey : Should gay and straight Boy Scouts share a tent ? A BSA spokesman at the time called the issue "  among the most complex and challenging issues facing the BSA and society today . " "  The Boy Scouts of America will not sacrifice its mission , or the youth served by the movement , by allowing the organization to be consumed by a single , divisive , and unresolved societal issue , " the group said after Thursday 's decision . Chief Scout Executive Wayne Brock said , "  Our goal through all of this was to put kids first ... It allows us to serve youth who want to be part of scouting . " A long time grappling with a polarizing issue The BSA for years has been at the center of the debate over gay rights . A recent Washington Post-ABC News Poll showed that 63 % of Americans said they would support allowing gay youths to join the Boy Scouts . The vote comes more than a decade after the Supreme Court ruled that the organization has the right to keep out gays but also at a time of declining participation in the organization . Membership in Boy Scouts has declined nearly 20 % since 1999 . About 2.7 million young people now participate nationwide . The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , after the vote , said it will continue to work with the BSA . "  Sexual orientation has not previously been -- and is not now -- a disqualifying factor for boys who want to join Latter-day Saint Scout troops , " it said in a statement . It was too early to tell what impact the decision might have on scout troops , and whether some families may join other organizations . The impending vote did spur action by a new organization called Faith Based Boys . Thomas Dillingham , an official from that group , said applications will be accepted starting in August for youth members and group leaders . "  Christian churches and organizations will use this program to continue serving God by training young men to have good character through service to their communities , " Dillingham said Thursday . "  The profound need for a nationwide program like this has now been realized and the relevance of such a program will only become more important as time goes on . " Tico Perez , the BSA 's national commissioner , said there have been ongoing talks with churches and others opposed to the inclusion of gay scouts . That said , he echoed other Boy Scout officials in saying they believe that Thursday 's vote ultimately helps advance the cause . "  We 're accepting youth , " Perez said , "  and we 're excited about where we are . "	Reaction to decision -- both positive and negative -- is swift Under rules , Boy Scouts will not exclude youths for sexual orientation The scouts will maintain a ban on openly gay adult leaders The policy will take effect January 1
CNN  -- It 's a club that has built its reputation on developing some of the world 's best players , but leading European club Barcelona has been hit by a transfer ban imposed by FIFA after breaking the world governing body 's rules relating to the "  international transfer of minors . " Barca 's youth players are drawn not just from Catalonia and Spain , but also from around the globe and trying to recruit the world 's best is a competitive business -- Argentine Lionel Messi joined Barca at the age of 11 . If you get the development of young players right it can be a hugely lucrative business . In June Barcelona said of the 25 players in its first team , 17 came its youth academy -- the highest percentage of recent years . Unless it manages to successfully appeal the FIFA ban , Barca will be prevented from signing players -- both youth and senior players -- in the next two transfer windows . That could have severe consequences for the Spanish champions . Transfer windows are important for all clubs as they allow them to refresh their squads . That 's important not just for maintaining on-field competitiveness but also for marketing purposes , such as selling shirts . Last summer , for example , Barca invested nearly $ 120 million on just one player -- Brazilian international Neymar . Later Wednesday on its website , Barcelona said it would appeal the ruling , citing 14 reasons , and take the case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport if necessary . "  FCB will also demand the relevant interim measures needed to preserve the Club 's rights , amongst which are those allowing it to sign players in transfer windows , " it said in a statement . The FIFA ruling comes after an investigation found the Spanish champions had broken regulations regarding the transfer of young players from outside Spain . FIFA 's investigation focused on several players aged under 18 who were registered and played for the club between 2009 and 2013 . Under FIFA laws , clubs are not allowed to sign international players under the age of 18 unless the player is moving within the European Union , is aged between 16 and 18 and moving with their parents or the club and the player both live within 50 kilometers of a shared national border . "  The Disciplinary Committee regarded the infringements as serious and decided to sanction the club with a transfer ban at both national and international level for two complete and consecutive transfer periods , together with a fine of CHF 450,000  $ 508,000  , " read a FIFA statement . "  Additionally , the club was granted a period of 90 days in which to regularize the situation of all minor players concerned . "  The investigations concerned several minor players who were registered and participated in competitions with the club over various periods between 2009 and 2013 . " The Spanish Football Federation has also been hit with a CHF 500,000  $ 565,000  fine by FIFA . The Spanish Federation was not immediately available for comment . The ban on Barcelona means the club will be unable to buy players during the "  summer " transfer window which runs between June and August , and the January 2015 window . "  In this respect , the Disciplinary Committee emphasized that the protection of minors in the context of international transfers is an important social and legal issue that concerns all stakeholders in football , " continued the statement . "  The Disciplinary Committee underlined that FIFA takes the protection of minors in football very seriously . " It is unclear whether the ban will affect transfers Barca have in the pipeline . German goalkeeper Andre Ter Stegen has reportedly been linked with a move to Barca from Borussia Monchengladbach this summer , while highly-rated 17-year-old Alen Halilovic is set to arrive at the Camp Nou from Dinamo Zagreb . This is not the first negative story that has threatened to derail Barca 's season . President Sandro Rosell resigned in January after a judge ordered a hearing to investigate the misappropriation of funds during the signing of Brazil star Neymar in 2013 . Neymar was on the scoresheet as Barca drew 1-1 with Atletico Madrid in Tuesday 's European Champions League quarterfinal first leg . Pictures : 34 amazing sport photos	Barcelona has been banned from signing players for the next two transfer windows FIFA has punished Barca for breaking rules relating to the "  international transfer of minors " Barca had been found to have broken the rules with regards to 10 young players Football 's global governing body has also fined the Spanish Football Federation
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- Myanmar security forces used tear gas and water cannons early Thursday to drive away hundreds of people protesting a copper mine project owned by the country 's military and a Chinese company , witnesses said . Riot police cleared away all the camps set up by protesters near Monywa township in the northern region of Sagaing , said Khin San Hlaing , a member of parliament in the region for the National League for Democracy , the opposition party led by Nobel laureate and pro-democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi . Read more : Terrorized , starving and homeless : Myanmar 's Rohingya still forgotten Dozens of protesters -- a mixture of local residents , students and monks -- were wounded in the police raids , Khin San Hlaing said , but some of them were hiding rather than seeking medial attention . So far , 29 people have been admitted to hospitals , she said , while others have been arrested . The demonstrations are an indication of the willingness of citizens of Myanmar , also known as Burma , to test the limits of the greater political freedom ushered in during the past year and a half under President Thein Sein after decades of authoritarian military rule . But the strong police reaction , coming less than two weeks after U.S. President Barack Obama visited Myanmar and emphasized the need to improve human rights in the country , has fueled doubts about the government 's commitment to lasting reform . "  The crackdown showed once again that the government , which claims to have turned over a new leaf and to listen to public opinion , is only really protecting its own interests and those of foreign investors , " said an article by The Irrawaddy , a magazine run by exiles from Myanmar based in Thailand . Read more : Aid group warns of difficulties treating victims of Myanmar violence Visiting Monywa later Thursday , Suu Kyi said she hoped the situation could be resolved "  peacefully . " Without commenting directly on the early morning violence , she said she had met with representatives of the mine and also planned to talk to local residents and protesters to try to help negotiate a solution . About 500 people had been demonstrating against the mine project near Monywa since November 17 , expressing concern about its environmental impact and unhappiness about the way local people 's land had been claimed for it . Smaller protests had been taking place for months , and police in Yangon , the former capital , arrested eight activists demonstrating against the copper mine earlier this week . The mine project , in a mountainous area near Monywa , has been operated by the military-owned Myanmar Economic Holding and the Chinese company Wanbao Mining . Covering an area of 3,184 hectares  7,868 acres  , it received government approval in 2010 . Li Songgang , a spokesman for Wanbao Mining , said the company is "  willing to communicate with residents and protesters , so as to work out practical solutions . " "  We are very concerned about the protests , " he said , noting the that company has had to suspend construction of the project , which is not yet operational . His tone appeared more conciliatory than that of the Chinese Embassy in Myanmar , which said in a statement that issues related to the mine project such as relocation , compensation and environmental protection had been settled . "  We hope all levels of Myanmar society can create a favorable environment for the project 's smooth operation based on respect for laws and regulations of Myanmar , " the statement said . Journalists Ko Phyo in Yangon and Ma Qian in Beijing contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We are very concerned about the protests , " the Chinese firm involved in the mine says Aung San Suu Kyi visits the area and says she hopes for a peaceful solution Hundreds of protesters have been demonstrating against the mine project Police use tear gas and water cannons to clear protest camps , witnesses say
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese car makers are grappling with sluggish demand at home and abroad as well as a strong yen . So perhaps it 's not a big surprise that one corporate titan is now trying an age-old marketing ploy aimed at female drivers . Honda has released a new model of the Honda Fit , interestingly named "  She 's . " Some of it might sound like an idea straight from the 1950s -- a car made for women -- complete with numerous pink features , as well as a windshield and air conditioning that claims to help a woman 's sensitive skin . In fact , the idea of marketing a car to women was tried in the 1950s . Dodge 's La Femme featured space for a woman 's lipstick and purse . It too came in pink -- but faded fast , lasting only from 1955 to 1956 . Back in 2000 , Ford teamed up with Maytag , pitching a minivan complete with a washing machine and microwave . The "  soccer moms " never put it to the test though , as the Windstar Solutions never cruised past the concept stage . "  She 's " sticking to a fairly predictable road with pink stitching in the seats , pink tweaks in the dashboard and a windshield that the company says blocks more ultraviolet rays . Honda also adds , the "  plasma cluster " air conditioning helps prevent dry skin . When we asked about the perhaps more grammatically correct ` Hers , ' we were told that the former apparently sounded better . If you do n't care for pink , there 's white or brown as well . And when we asked if a Honda executive really did tell a Japanese newspaper that the colors are meant to "  match a woman 's eye shadow , " we 're told yes -- with no tinge of regret that some women might find such a comment offensive . We also posed the question to She 's designer : Essentially , was she concerned about offending some women with such a product ? We were told people have different tastes . And in Japan , there is also a strong culture of all things cute -- or "  kawaii . " They are not wrong . Kawaii is the one word we heard nearly every time we showed the car 's brochure to women on the streets of Tokyo . But of course what is more crucial to any car 's success are its sales . And when it comes to that , Honda without giving a precise number says so far "  She 's " exceeding their expectations .	Honda releases new model of Honda Fit : ` She 's ' It has pink stitching in seats , windshield that blocks ultraviolet rays Marketing of a car to women was tried in the 1950s In 2000 , Ford teamed with Maytag to pitch minivan with washing machine , microwave
CNN  -- Could the captured Sinaloa cartel boss who was one of Mexico 's most wanted fugitives be heading to the United States for trial ? He will , if U.S. federal prosecutors have anything to say about it . Bob Nardoza , a spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office for the Eastern District of New York , said Sunday that American authorities plan to seek the extradition of Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman . Authorities captured the notorious drug lord Saturday in the Mexican Pacific resort city of Mazatlan . Cases are pending against him in New York and several other United States jurisdictions , and it 's not clear which requests would take priority . But just because the United States wants to extradite him does n't mean Guzman will be heading north of the border any time soon . "  Mexico is going to want to prosecute him . They 're going to want the first shot at him , " CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes said Sunday . "  The extradition to the U.S. could happen at a later date , but I doubt it . I think that the Mexicans are going to want him , and they 're going to want to keep him in prison down there . " Guzman escaped from a high-security Mexican prison in 2001 , reportedly hiding in a laundry basket . Throughout the years , he avoided being caught because of his enormous power to bribe corrupt local , state and federal Mexican officials . His nickname , which means "  Shorty , " matches his 5-foot-6-inch frame . From New York to Chicago , Texas to San Diego , Guzman and his lieutenants are named in indictments for marijuana , cocaine and heroin trafficking , as well as racketeering , money laundering , kidnapping and conspiracy to commit murder . In Chicago , the city 's crime commission named Guzman its Public Enemy No. 1 last year . But more than anywhere else , Fuentes said , the "  Public Enemy No. 1 " designation is true for Guzman in Mexico . "  He 's responsible for the deaths of thousands of people . He 's considered one of the richest men in the world , and the Sinaloa cartel ... is considered the most prolific drug-trafficking organization in the world , " said Fuentes , former assistant director of the FBI 's Office of International Operations . When Guzman escaped from prison , he had served seven years of a 20-year , nine-month sentence . Mexico 's attorney general 's office said there were eight warrants for Guzman 's arrest there -- two tied to his 2001 escape , and six more for alleged crimes committed since then . Authorities said they were taking him to the Altiplano prison outside Mexico City on Saturday , where he was set to be interrogated . No attorney had yet come forward representing the cartel boss , officials said , and no extradition request had been made . Eduardo Medina Mora , the Mexican ambassador to the United States , told The New York Times that authorities from the United States and Mexico had been working together on the case for months , but had n't worked out whether Guzman would be extradited . "  I think it 's important that first he faces the charges against him in Mexico , " Medina Mora told the newspaper . Rep. Michael McCaul , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said Mexican officials should consider extradition now . "  The normal sequence is , Mexico being a sovereign nation ,  it  has the first prosecution . However , there 's a history here . He escaped from a prison in 2001 . There is corruption in that country . And I would ask that the Mexicans consider extraditing him to the United States , where he will be put into a ` supermax ' prison under tight security , where he can not escape , and be brought to justice with a life sentence , " McCaul told ABC 's "  This Week . " "  I think that would be the best course of action for not only Mexico , but also the United States , in ensuring that what happened in 2001 does not happen again . " How likely extradition is , the Texas Republican congressman said , depends on how much pressure the State Department puts on Mexico 's government . But he said it would be worth the effort . "  The track record 's not good with this individual , " he said . "  This is an exceptional case . This is the largest , biggest drug lord we 've ever seen in the world . " Phil Jordan , who spent three decades with the DEA and headed the agency 's El Paso Intelligence Center , said extraditing Guzman is the only way to truly cripple his organization . "  It is a significant arrest , provided he gets extradited immediately to the United States , " Jordan told CNN Saturday . "  If he does not get extradited , then he will be allowed to escape within a period of time . ... If he is , in fact , incarcerated , until he gets extradited to the United States , it will be business as usual . " CNNMexico.com and CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Official : The United States will seek to extradite Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman The Sinaloa cartel boss faces charges in several U.S. jurisdictions Analyst : Mexico will want to prosecute him , keep him in prison He had served seven years of a 20-year sentence when he escaped
CNN  -- The head of Pakistan 's ruling coalition announced Thursday that the government will move to impeach President Pervez Musharraf . President Pervez Musharraf took control of Pakistan in a military coup in 1999 . "  The coalition reaffirmed the resolve of democracy and democratic forces will work jointly to make a transition to genuine democracy , " the head of Pakistan People 's Party Asif Ali Zardari said , reading a joint communique with his coalition partners . Before pursuing impeachment proceedings , Pakistani lawmakers will demand Musharraf take a vote of confidence in the newly elected parliament , which he had vowed to do last year , Zardari said . "  The people of Pakistan gave a clear mandate in favor of democracy and democratic forces and voted for the change to oust Gen. Musharraf by defeating his ... party , " Zardari added . "  In spite of his clear commitment that if his party was defeated in the election he would resign , he continues to cling to the office of the president . " Watch an expert talk about the impact of a possible impeachment " If Musharraf does not request a vote of confidence , the National Assembly will meet on Monday to consider impeachment proceedings , PPP spokesman Capt. Wasif Syed told CNN . Speaking a short time before Thursday 's announcement , Syed said there are enough votes in parliament right now to impeach the president . But Musharraf may still have one card up his sleeve : he could move to dissolve parliament and dismiss the prime minister . Amid the political upheaval , Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani will replace Musharraf at the opening ceremony of the Olympics on Friday in Beijing , Pakistan 's state-run news agency reported . Musharraf , who seized power in a 1999 bloodless military coup , has seen his power erode significantly since he stepped down as the country 's military ruler last year and since the opposition parties ' victory in February 's parliamentary elections . The new civilian government is under a lot of pressure to control Taliban and al Qaeda militants in its tribal region along the Afghan border . The CIA recently accused Pakistan 's intelligence service of providing support for the militants who bombed India 's embassy in Kabul , Afghanistan last month . Fighting on Thursday between Pakistani paramilitary troops and Taliban forces killed 25 Taliban and five soldiers along the Afghan border , an army spokesman told CNN . Asked about the situation , Dr. Ishtiaq Ahmad -- an Islamabad-based political analyst -- told CNN on Wednesday that he believes Musharraf "  will fight back " against any attempt to remove him from power . "  Before they impeach the president , he might pre-empt them by using article 58  2b  , " he said , referring to the constitutional article that gives the president power to dissolve parliament and dismiss the prime minister . Ahmad , a professor of international relations at Islamabad 's Quaid-i-Azam University , said any attempt to remove Musharraf would be a "  next to an impossible task " because the president still has support . "  The army does n't want him to be eliminated . The Americans are still favoring him , " he noted . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report	Pakistan 's government confirms move to impeach President Pervez Musharraf Musharraf may still move to dissolve parliament and dismiss the PM PM Yousaf Raza Gilani will replace Musharraf at the Olympic opening ceremony Musharraf seized power in a 1999 military coup
CNN  -- We are often asked to declare our identity for documents , applications , bank loans and even social networking sites . But how much of our identity is lost when we select "  female , " "  African-American " or "  Muslim ? " I think much of my own identity is lost when I fill in those boxes . I am technically a white , male , heterosexual , Christian , upper-class Ph.D. student . But I am more than meets the eye . I 'm covered in tattoos and piercings , and this often leads to assumptions about my character . "  Is he a drug addict ? Is he a skinhead ? Does he play music for a band ? " I am none of these things . The lesson I hope to teach others through my life is that it 's important to see past appearances . My sociopolitical views are a large part of my identity , and I incorporate these into what I wear ; whether it 's T-shirts emblazoned with the images of activists whom I admire or deliberately manipulating my demeanor to reflect the "  professorial " role I assume in the classroom , I am continually aware that others are reading my presentation as a measure of my character . And it is to this end that I deliberately try to throw people off . I hope to debunk some of the myths surrounding tattoos and piercings . And I know that everyone who interacts with me is left wondering how someone so "  deviant-looking " can be kind , courteous and hospitable . My body is also a billboard for my life , and my tattoos tell the story of my identity . My earliest tattoos were direct quotes and Bible verses and captured my identity as an outspoken social-justice advocate . I began to display my political views more directly in later tattoos . I have the "  female " sign behind my left ear to reflect my commitment to feminism and women everywhere ; I have the Human Rights Campaign logo behind my right ear to reflect my commitment to LGBT struggles . The tattoos on my arms capture my commitment to "  faith , " "  family " and "  mom and dad . " I also have a bald eagle on my forearm to reflect my commitment to making this country a better place and a skull wearing a graduation cap to reflect my lifelong commitment to teaching . I know that my appearance is misleading , and I know that many people would disagree with what I see as efficacious inscriptions . But one thing is for certain : I will not blend in with the crowd . I will be noticed , for better or worse . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Paul Strohecker .	David Strohecker is technically a white , male , heterosexual , Christian Ph.D. student Strohecker : My tattoos and piercings lead to assumptions about my character Sociopolitical views are a large part of identity , and tattoos tell story , he says "  I hope to teach others ... it 's important to see past appearances "
CNN  Editor 's Note : Ines Dumig was recently announced as a CENTER Grant Recipient . Sahra , a Somali refugee , left her home at 14 years old . Throughout her journey in search of asylum , she managed to overcome dangers and discomforts . But she never gave up , and she continuously reminded herself to keep going . She 's the focus of Ines Dumig 's photo series "  Apart Together . " Dumig met Sahra through a photo workshop at Refugio , a shelter in Munich , Germany , for refugees and torture victims . What drew Dumig to Sahra specifically was her strength and her ability to effectively reflect on all of her experiences . "  It really impressed me how she deals with everything , " Dumig said . "  She 's strong in her way of connecting with the culture here and also reflecting on what happened , the culture where she comes from . " The number of refugees seeking asylum in the European Union increased by 25 % last year , with Germany receiving the most applications . One of the reasons Dumig decided to photograph Sahra is because growing up in Germany made Dumig realize that she lived a fortunate lifestyle . Another reason has to do with Dumig 's interest in people 's emotions and finding one 's identity . "  I realized so many people want to come to Europe , and I always had the feeling to disappear or to go away , " Dumig said . "  Seeing how people live in other parts of the world made me realize how privileged I am . " "  Apart Together " serves not only as a documentation of Sahra , but as a far-reaching story about people from all backgrounds . The title of Dumig 's work refers to the fact that although people may be physically apart from one another , the comparable feelings they experience are what link all people together . "  Sometimes we feel strong , sometimes we feel lost -- that 's kind of universal , I think , " Dumig said . "  That 's why I want to universalize  Sahra 's  story as well , not only make it about her . " The underlying themes of "  Apart Together " include the feelings of isolation and "  otherness " and the search for a valuable human dignity . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  Every one of these  refugees  have strong stories , and in the bureaucratic system , they are just a number or a document , " Dumig said . "  But they are a person , they are people with emotions and lives . " Sahra is currently under the status of "  suspension of deportation , " meaning German immigration officials may grant her discretionary relief from deportation . Dumig describes Sahra as someone living through an unresolved situation . Regardless of the challenges Sahra faces as a refugee in Germany , she is a survivor and the embodiment of resilience , determined to establish a new life for herself . She has learned to speak German fluently , and she has started working in the nation as well . Like an unsolved photographic puzzle , each photo within "  Apart Together " provides a piece of insight into Sahra 's experiences . There is no certain and clear way in which to arrange the pieces , because they are a representation of the fragmented nature of Sahra 's life . Many of Dumig 's photos are not of Sahra herself , but instead show her surroundings . This makes "  Apart Together " rich in symbolism and challenges viewers to develop their own perceptions . The photos are powerful because of this symbolic nature , as there are infinite interpretations attached to each one . "  I think everyone interprets by themselves , by however way they perceive it through their own experience . That 's up to the viewer , " Dumig said . "  It depends on who looks at the pictures . ... Everyone will see something different . " "  Apart Together " allowed Dumig to share various special moments with Sahra , and they were both able to learn from each other . "  It was just something we both got something out of , " Dumig said . Ines Dumig is a photographer based in Germany .	Ines Dumig 's photo series "  Apart Together " follows a Somali refugee living in Germany The underlying themes include isolation and "  otherness " and the search for human dignity
Would he ever fly again , now that his feet and right hand were gone ? That was among the first things amateur pilot Brian Thomas wondered after he awoke from surgery in 2009 . A blood disease similar to hemophilia forced doctors to make him a triple amputee , removing his right hand and the ends of his feet . A blog post by amateur pilot and journalist Miles O'Brien revealed this week that the former CNN anchor was also the victim of a medical condition that required amputation . O'Brien lost his left arm , sending concern throughout the online news and aviation communities . O'Brien , a correspondent for PBS "  NewsHour , " appeared on CNN for 17 years , mostly focusing on science , technology and aerospace coverage . Thomas , 30 , has an idea of what O'Brien might be going through after his amputation . "  It 'll take some time for him to adapt , but he 'll be back in it in no time , " Thomas said Wednesday from his workplace in Lincoln , Nebraska . Former CNN anchor 's arm amputated after accident Thomas had idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura . The Mayo Clinic describes it as a "  disorder that can lead to easy or excessive bruising and bleeding " resulting "  from unusually low levels of platelets -- the cells that help your blood clot . " He had been flying his father 's tiny Cessna single-engine plane for about a decade when one day he fell into a coma and was rushed to a hospital . When he awoke , doctors told Thomas he would probably face amputations . Thus began a battle against the disorder and against depression , which he won thanks to encouragement from his family . Thomas then started his journey back to the cockpit . First , Thomas had to get a health evaluation . The FAA requires all pilots to be medically fit before they can be certified to fly solo . "  They see if you 're able to meet the regulations performance-wise , even though you have a physical deficiency , " Thomas said . He sent his medical records to be reviewed by an aviation medical examiner , who recommended that the FAA allow him to take a medical flight evaluation test . Only 18 months after his amputations and rehabilitation , Thomas was finally sitting in the pilot 's seat of a tiny rented airplane with an instructor , ready to show what he could still accomplish . "  I was a little nervous , because I was having trouble getting the airplane started , " Thomas laughed . "  It was giving me fits . " Eventually , the engine revved to life , and they were airborne . The instructor was mostly interested in judging Thomas ' access to the plane 's instruments and how well he could control the plane . Thomas practiced several takeoffs and landings and checked his braking . After the test , the instructor handed Thomas his paperwork . "  And I was a pilot again ! " he recalled . "  It was just a huge sigh of relief , because I was n't sure what to expect . " He celebrated by , what else , taking a solo flight . The same day he passed his test , Thomas was soaring high above Nebraska after dark . "  It was crystal clear , " he said . "  You could see a golden trail of headlights down the interstate . " "  I ca n't believe I got here , " he thought . "  It made me feel so successful , like , ` Well what 's my next challenge ? ' " Thankfully , Thomas ' remaining hand -- his left -- was the one he most relied on to fly before the surgery . He has always used his left hand to control his steering wheel , aka "  the stick . " Thomas uses his prosthetic arm and hook , which now substitute for his right hand , to control the plane 's engine , or throttle . "  The hook does n't do a whole lot . It just pushes and pulls on the throttle , " Thomas said . "  The left hand is where the magic is . That 's where you need all the fine motor skills , is running the stick . " Thomas said that for a pilot missing the "  magic hand " -- the main steering hand -- "  it would be considerably more challenging to get back into it . But it would n't be insurmountable . It just takes more practice , I would say . " As for the aircraft 's pedals , which control the rudder , Thomas said he does n't use any special gear . "  It 's harder for me than it used to be to feel where the rudder pedals are , because I do n't have any toes . The whole front half of my feet are gone . " If it 's really windy and gusty , "  it makes it more of a big deal , " he said . "  The taxiing , takeoff and landing portion , that 's really the most critical time to have your game on . " During his career covering aviation , O'Brien developed a reputation as a pilot and aircraft owner . He often used his plane to travel to story assignments and as a platform to explain aviation stories to a wider audience . The aviation community is tight-knit , and Thomas is reaching out to O'Brien as he would for any fellow pilot . "  I 'd be more than happy to help him any way I can , " he said . The horizon looks bright for Thomas , who 's been an aviation mechanic in Lincoln for about eight years and now flies about once a week . He has co-written a book about his experience , "  Modified Flight Plan . " And soon he wants to fly across America to inspire other amputees . "  I 'm still trying to figure out where to go , " he said . But one idea is Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington , to help some of the nation 's troops who 've lost limbs in combat . "  That seems like it would be a pretty cool place to go . "	Amputees can be certified to fly solo as pilots Brian Thomas lost his feet and right hand and still flies once a week Thomas said former CNN anchor Miles O'Brien could be back piloting "  in no time " O'Brien posted on his blog that his left arm was amputated after an accident
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- A court handed down a 20-year sentence Thursday for an Indonesian man convicted of helping assemble the bombs that killed more than 200 people in Bali in 2002 . The Jakarta court found Umar Patek , 45 , guilty of taking part in premeditated murder and conspiracy to smuggle explosives and firearms for use in terror attacks . Patek had faced a maximum penalty of death , and the courtroom was packed for the verdict delivered by a panel of five judges . He stared at the floor and showed no emotion as the verdict was read . He shook the judges ' hands and hugged his lawyer before he was escorted to a car waiting in the basement of the courthouse for transportation to a jail on the outskirts of the city . Patek , who has expressed remorse for his actions , will consider appealing to a higher court , said his lawyer Asludin Hatjani . Hatjani said he was "  very disappointed " by the verdict . "  Umar Patek did what he was accused for because he was under pressure from his seniors , and he failed to convince them to prevent the attacks , although he already tried hard to do so , " Hatjani said . Patek was one of Indonesia 's most wanted terrorists , with a $ 1 million bounty on his head from the U.S. government 's Rewards for Justice program . Three of the masterminds of the Bali bombings -- Imam Samudra , Amrozi bin Nurhasyim and Ali Ghufron -- were executed in 2008 . Patek was the last of the accused to stand trial in Indonesia . The October 12 , 2002 , blasts tore apart two nightclubs in Kuta , a town popular with tourists on the Indonesian island of Bali . At the time , the country 's police chief called the attack "  the worst act of terrorism in the country 's history . " Among the dead were 88 Australians and seven Americans . Patek eluded investigators looking into the 2002 attacks for many years until his capture in January 2011 in Abbottabad , Pakistan , the same village where U.S. Navy SEALs shot and killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden several months later . Patek was extradited to Indonesia in August . He faced six charges , including premeditated murder , for his part in the Bali bombings , as well as helping build bombs used in a series of attacks on Christmas Eve in 2000 . He also was accused of smuggling firearms from the Philippines to Indonesia and planning a militant camp in Aceh in 2010 . Patek denied all the charges but admitted helping mix a relatively small amount of the total quantity of explosives used in the Bali attack . The first bomb detonated in the busy Paddy 's Bar on Jelan Legian just after 11 p.m. , according to a report from the Australian Federal Police . Seconds later , as survivors fled the first blast , a second larger bomb hidden in a van exploded outside the crowded Sari Club . A third bomb went off later near the U.S. Consulate in Renon , a suburb of Denpasar , the Australian police said . Hundreds were reported missing in the confusion that followed the blasts . Many of those killed were foreign vacationers , although some residents were also caught in the attack . According to testimony given May 31 during his trial , Patek said that when he arrived in Bali , 950 kilograms of explosives had been combined , and he reluctantly agreed to mix the remainder . "  When I saw Sawada , aka Sarjiyo , looking exhausted and nervous , finally I agreed to helped him and both of us mixed the explosive ingredients that were less then 50 kg . I did it lazily because it did n't come from my soul and it was contrary to my conscience , " he said , according to an English translation of his testimony . Sarjiyo was sentenced to life in prison in 2004 for his role in the attacks . During his trial , Patek asked for forgiveness for the bombings , which he said he "  even suggested canceling . " After the attacks , he said , he felt "  remorse and regret . " "  I said that it was my last involvement on that kind of action in Indonesia . Please know that whether I came to Bali or not , the Bali bomb would still have happen  ed  , " he said . Patek 's lawyer argued that his client was not directly involved in the planning of the bombings . He does n't deny helping assemble the bombs but was unaware how they would ultimately be used , his lawyer , Hatjani , said during Patek 's trial , which started in February . Hatjani slammed the prosecution 's case as "  vague and far from the truth " and argued that an anti-terrorism law introduced in Indonesia in 2003 could not be used retroactively for the 2002 attacks . Prosecutors have used several articles under the penal code , the emergency rule law and the 2003 anti-terrorism law to charge Patek . Patek is one of the last figures associated with a splinter group of Jemaah Islamiyah , an al Qaeda-linked terror group behind the Bali bombings and other attacks in Indonesia . Many in that group , like Patek , trained and fought in Pakistan and Afghanistan in the early 1990s and were deeply influenced by bin Laden 's teachings . Patek fled to Mindanao in the southern Philippines with several other Indonesian militants . One of them was Dulmatin , another former Jemaah Islamiyah member , who returned to Indonesia and helped set up a military-style training camp in province of Aceh . He was killed in a police raid just outside Jakarta in October 2010 . Patek returned to Indonesia from the Philippines in 2009 . Prosecutors allege that he was involved in preparing firearms for the Aceh training camp , a charge the defense disputes . "  Patek was only in transit in Indonesia and was not involved in training of firearms , " Hatjani said . "  He was there to attend a wedding and he did n't even see the firearms . " Indonesian authorities have tried and convicted hundreds of terrorists since the 2002 Bali bombings . The arrests of senior militants with combat experience have weakened the terror network and its ability to launch major attacks . Radical Indonesian cleric sentenced to 15 years in prison According to recent reports by the International Crisis Group , the terror threat in the country remains but has shifted to attacks on Indonesian authorities , with smaller groups or radicalized individuals targeting the police . Journalist Rudy Madanir reported from Jakarta . CNN 's Hilary Whiteman reported from Hong Kong . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	NEW : Umar Patek showed no emotion as his sentence was handed down Patek was found guilty of taking part in premeditated murder He has admitted helping mix explosives but denies involvement in the planning After 10 years on the run , he was arrested in January 2011 in Pakistan
CNN  -- Critics who have compared President Barack Obama 's stance on government surveillance to that of hawkish former Vice President Dick Cheney are missing his insistence on proper systematic balances , Obama said in an interview that aired Monday . Defending at length the recently revealed government programs that gather information about phone calls and Internet usage , Obama said his focus has always been on allowing information to be gathered while ensuring necessary oversight . "  Some people say , ` Well , you know , Obama was this raving liberal before . Now he 's , you know , Dick Cheney . ' " Obama told PBS ' Charlie Rose . "  Dick Cheney sometimes says , ` Yeah , you know ? He took it all lock , stock , and barrel . ' My concern has always been not that we should n't do intelligence gathering to prevent terrorism , but rather are we setting up a system of checks and balances ? " Cheney defends NSA , calls Obama 's credibility ` nonexistent ' Obama 's administration has faced a litany of questions since the disclosure of government programs that allow the National Security Agency to collect millions of records from U.S. telecommunications firms and Internet companies in the name of preventing terrorism . The source of the information , former CIA employee Edward Snowden , said he was moved to leak the top-secret documents because he felt the government was far overreaching its constitutional bounds in collecting the data . But Obama argued in the interview on Monday that the system in place includes steps to prevent Americans ' rights against unlawful search and seizure from being violated . "  What I can say unequivocally is that if you are a U.S. person , the NSA can not listen to your telephone calls , and the NSA can not target your e-mails , " Obama said . Snowden claims online Obama expanded ` abusive ' security "  On this telephone program , you 've got a federal court with independent federal judges overseeing the entire program , " the president continued . "  And you 've got Congress overseeing the program , not just the intelligence committee and not just the judiciary committee , but all of Congress had available to it before the last reauthorization exactly how this program works . " Some members of Congress , including Senate Intelligence Committee members Jay Rockefeller and Susan Collins , have questioned the notion they were given proper briefings on the NSA 's program , however , and many lawmakers have said they first learned of the programs when they were revealed in news reports two weeks ago . CNN poll : Obama numbers plunge into generation gap Asked in the interview whether the NSA 's process should be more open , Obama said , "  It is transparent . That 's why we set up the FISA court . " That body , however , operates in secret , and its locations are considered classified . It has approved the vast majority of the requests it has received for warrants , though those orders are also kept secret . An administration official said Monday that Obama had asked his intelligence chief James Clapper to determine whether additional information about the data collection programs can be made public , part of what the official described as a "  broader effort the president is undertaking to have a dialogue on protecting privacy in the digital age . " The swirling debate is grist for a "  national conversation " about privacy and national security , Obama said . "  Not only about these two programs , but also the general problem of data , big data sets , because this is not going to be restricted to government entities , " he said . Opinion : Behind the slide in Obama 's poll numbers	Obama says his stand on surveillance is not the same as Dick Cheney 's He tells PBS his emphasis is on "  system of checks and balances " Obama also says Congress was told details of NSA programs
CNN  Four geisha , wrapped in kimonos under dark winter coats , walk in single file through a snow-covered forest . Their red and orange parasols a burst of color against the winter monochrome . It could be a scene from a print by 19th century Japanese artist Hokusai , but behind the evocative image is a modern story . Leading the four through the snows of Niseko , the ski resort on the northern island of Hokkaido , is Fiona Graham . She 's an Australian citizen who first moved to Japan when she was just 15 and in 2007 became a geisha . Now working and living as Sayuki , she offers those intrigued by the geisha tradition a glimpse into their enigmatic world by hosting banquets and offering visitors the chance to watch them practice their arts . Her initial fascination with geisha came when working as a filmmaker pitching a documentary on the subject . She eschewed the detachment gained through a camera lens , claiming that only by becoming one herself could she really get to know their traditions and skills . "  I could n't just take one step into it , I had to totally embrace it , it was the only way , " she says . "  The geisha world is aesthetically very beautiful and with a very beautiful lifestyle , " she says explaining what first attracted her to a very different life . "  But , really , to live a beautiful life in any country is not so easy , " she adds hinting at the challenges she faced becoming one of the few western women to live as a geisha in Japan . An experience unchanged for 400 years For most visitors to Japan attracted by the mystery of the geisha industry , Sayuki 's tours may be as close as they will get to experience an authentic geisha experience . An evening 's entertainment at a banquet consists of a multi-course meal with interludes for dances , singing or music played on traditional instruments like the shamisen , a three-stringed lute , or yokobue , a traditional Japanese flute . Traditionally , geisha would specialize in one art form and spend their careers improving their craft . Aside from a few 21st century additions like an iPod accompaniment to the dancing , Sayuki says that the scene at one of her hosted dinners would not have changed much for 400 years . "  If you come to a banquet you get to experience the most beautiful parts of Japanese culture , the best of Japanese cuisine . There really is no other way to experience it all in one space . " While Niseko is something of frontier in the country for geisha culture , the rest of the year Sayuki is based in Tokyo 's Asakusa district and also travels to host geisha banquets abroad . A tradition cloaked in mystery For centuries geishas have worked as entertainers and paid companions . The most literal translation of geisha is simply "  artist . " Different districts in Japanese cities have varying training regimen for geisha , but typically , as in Kyoto , exams are taken after the first year as an apprentice , with four additional years of training.h Many operate within geisha houses -- academies for trainee geisha -- that help manage their careers , while also providing a unique bond and atmosphere of sisterhood . With each delicately crafted kimono costing thousands of dollars  traditionally each geisha would need a wardrobe of 36 to reflect changing seasons  , being affiliated with a geisha house helps trainee geisha  called maiko in Kyoto , hangyoku in Tokyo  absorb the costs . After a year 's training at a geisha house in Tokyo 's Asakusa district Sayuki now operates as an independent . She says she was denied the chance to take on the position of "  geisha mother " and mentor young geisha affiliated with the geisha house she trained with because she is not Japanese . Along with Kyoto , the Asakusa district has a long tradition of geisha , enabling visitors today to easily indulge in some geisha-spotting  particularly the ancient Gion area of Kyoto  as they walk through streets on the way to functions at local teahouses and restaurants . Commercialization : Against geisha 's nature It 's become something of a tourist pastime in Kyoto . There are now organized walking tours , something that many within in the community have criticized as being too intrusive . For some the commercialization of geisha culture goes against its very nature . "  Exclusivity is part of the deal with geishas , " says author Lesley Downer who spent six months living in Kyoto 's geisha district while researching her book , "  Geisha : The Remarkable Truth Behind the Fiction . " "  People want to commercialize it , but as a tourist you wo n't see the pristine experience , you 'll get an experience , but it just wo n't be the same . " "  I think those that work in the geisha industry are very good at hiding  the world from outsiders  . " For Downer , geisha remain the embodiment of refinement and grace and are still the custodians of the traditional Japanese art forms . And far from being painted courtesans , their role as artists and professional companions makes them rather formidable , believes Downer . "  These are really impressive women . Walking down the street with them I felt really proud . " Sayuki 's tour ; +81 90 6046 9708 ; from JPY30 ,000  $ 250	Hoping to make a documentary about geisha , Australian Fiona Graham ended up becoming one Apart from using an iPod to accompany her dancing , a geisha banquet has n't changed much in the past 400 years Different districts in Japanese cities have varying training regimen for geisha
CNN  Like anyone with an Instagram account , I 've been captivated in recent weeks by the insane-and-pioneering efforts of two men attempting to free climb a vertical rock face at Yosemite National Park . On Wednesday , the climbers , Kevin Jorgeson and Tommy Caldwell , became the first people in the world to free climb the "  Dawn Wall " route of Yosemite 's El Capitan face . It 's a path marked by "  pebble-size holds , " according to the New York Times , so sharp they 'll make your fingers bleed . Like , literally will make your fingers bleed . Check out this photo from Jorgeson 's Instagram account . He reportedly sanded and super-glued the ends of his fingers to try to make them strong enough to grip the nearly sheer face of rock . It 's one of the hardest climbing routes in the world . Which is why Jorgeson and Caldwell , who started the journey on December 27 , and who slept in tents tacked to the vertical face , could be forgiven for thinking that they "  conquered " this route , or this mountain . But , thankfully , that 's not how they see it . Here 's what Jorgeson had to say on Twitter : It 's about "  realizing a dream . " Competing with yourself . Achieving the impossible . Being struck by the awesomeness of nature , as it 's clear the pair often were , based on their social media posts . But certainly not about "  conquering " it . That 's a refreshing opinion in the age of fracking and mountain-top removal . We live in a culture that tends to nature as a thing to be subverted and used , not respected . Jorgeson and Caldwell 's epic ascent of the Dawn Wall should be a reminder of how small we humans are in the face of the natural world -- and also of how much we tiny humans can accomplish with enough hard work . The problem is that most of our efforts are misplaced . Rather than seeking to understand and explore the many uncharted parts of the world -- the 95 % of the ocean that is unseen by humans , for example -- we extract capital . We drill deeper wells into the ground , sucking out water at such an unsustainable rate that California 's Central Valley is sinking . Elsewhere , we inject wastewater into the land as part of the process of pulling out oil and natural gas . These injections , according to the U.S. Geological Survey , contribute to earthquakes in odd places like Oklahoma . We 've turned farms into factories . Animals are bigger-fatter-tastier products , not living things . Or , worse , they 're status symbols , as in illegal rhino horn or pangolin meat . The drop in the price of oil has slowed some efforts to go after the hardest-to-get energy sources , like oil hidden below the ocean floor , and underneath more than a mile of water . But it has n't changed this ethic -- this core belief , which you can link back to the Bible if you wish , that humans have "  dominion " over the world , that it 's ours to rule and/or plunder as we choose . There are , however , signs this mindset is changing . New theories suggest we can and should live in partnership with the natural world -- removing dams from rivers , and letting them run free into the flood plain ; harnessing energy from the wind , not from deep beneath the ocean . The Patagonia documentary "  DamNation " gives a sense of this seismic shift . The Yosemite climbers offer hope , as well . "  Free climbs are puzzles , " wrote Andrew Bisharat for National Geographic . "  The harder the movements get -- twisting , stretching , lunging , swinging , dangling -- the more painstaking the process of solving the puzzle becomes . " The world is a puzzle to be solved -- an adventure to be had . The rest of us would benefit from seeing it that way , too .	Rock climbers complete one of the world 's most difficult routes Climber on Twitter : We did n't "  conquer " the mountain John Sutter says that 's a healthy way to look at nature
When Ian McLaren-Morris named his 12 meter yacht "  Silver Slipper , " he never could have known it would bring him a real life fairytale romance . The divorced father-of-two had long dreamed of sailing around the globe with his very own Cinderella ; a soul-mate who shared his love of the ocean and sense of adventure . But finding a special woman willing to quit her job and say goodbye to her family and friends for a romantic voyage into the sunset was n't quite as straightforward as the 52-year-old had hoped . Like a growing number of single people across the world , McLaren-Morris searched for love on internet dating websites . Two years later and the sailor was still no closer to finding his seafaring sweetheart . It was n't until McLaren-Morris signed up to a website catering specifically for boating enthusiasts , LoveSail.com , that he found the woman of his dreams -- 45-year-old former superyacht hostess Wendy Robson-Burrell . The pair met at the Chichester Yacht Club in south-east England , embarking on a whirlwind romance that found them engaged just six months later . They now plan on marrying in April , sailing around the world for their honeymoon before joining the Atlantic Rally for Cruisers  ARC  , the world 's largest transatlantic yachting event later in the year . "  I loved sailing , I had my own boat , and I wanted to do it with someone who got the same excitement and pleasure out of it , " McLaren-Morris , a former sales and marketing director at National Geographic , said . "  And to do that , you ca n't have a partner that 's too high maintenance . You ca n't be with someone who needs to have a hairdryer , their nails done , a shower everyday . "  Wendy is so naturally beautiful she does n't need all that . She just loves having the wind in her hair . And being near the water is one of the most important things in her life . " Launched in 2004 , LoveSail now has around 5,500 users ranging from professional skippers to hobby sailors . As the name suggests , most are looking for love but there are also offers of friendship , sailing trips and work opportunities . For those mariners constantly on the move , trying to find a partner willing to wait on land or give up everything to jump on board is one of the pitfalls of a seemingly idyllic lifestyle . "  People who sail tend to be extremely passionate about it -- it 's a big investment , " LoveSail director Erica Joyce said . "  But it can be difficult for sailors because they 're not based in one place , so when they do find someone they often have to leave them . " It 's a scenario former delivery captain Tor Pinney knows well . As a handsome young sailor traveling the globe in the 1970s , Pinney had little problem meeting women willing to show him around their home town or even set sail for a brief adventure on the high seas . But rather than leading to a long-lasting relationship , it was more often a case of ships that pass in the night as Pinney 's nomadic lifestyle made it difficult to rest his anchor in one port for very long . Now 64-years-old , Pinney 's love of the water has n't waned . And neither has his search for a partner willing to share an unconventional life on the waves . "  When I was 20 there was no shortage of girls who wanted to share this experience and cruise the islands , " said Pinney , speaking from his 12 meter yacht in St John 's River , Florida . "  But as people get older they seem to lose that adventurous spirit -- and that 's changed my prospects . " Pinney also signed up to LoveSail.com in the hope of finding that special lady . He 's still yet to find her , admitting : "  It 's difficult to hook up with a LoveSail girl for a cup of coffee when I 'm still sailing all over the world . " Online dating is big business in the UK , with more than 9 million people logging on in search of love last year , according to Metaflake , a company that reviews internet dating sites . It 's the highest number in Europe , with Britain now claiming 1,500 of the continent 's 5,000 dating websites . And it 's continuing to grow , with the industry turning over # 170 million  $ 270 million  in the UK -- a 6 % rise on the previous year . "  It 's not just people who sail , everyone has busy lives now and you do n't have the opportunity to meet new people , " McLaren-Morris said . "  Five years ago , if someone had told me they were doing online dating my reaction would have been ` you silly idiot . ' But as more people do it , the stigma disappears . " For Pinney , the joy of yachting is still far too great to give up on the off-chance it will help him find love . "  It 's a lifestyle I chose when I was 16-years-old and obviously it presents its challenges , " he said . "  But it 's beautiful out here . I can watch osprey and fish from my deck and manta rays dive under my boat . " Whether he 'll one day share that beautiful view with a special lady remains to be seen . But then , there 's always plenty more fish in the sea .	For sailors traveling the globe , finding a longterm partner can be difficult Young mariners may find it easier to meet adventurous companions Online dating site LoveSail.com caters to sailing enthusiasts looking for love Increasing number of Britons turning to internet dating , highest in Europe
CNN  He 's a man that divides opinion and in the past has even jokingly compared himself to a James Bond villain stroking a white Persian cat . But forget felines -- it 's equine beasts that really stir the emotions of the head of world football 's governing body , Sepp Blatter . FIFA president since 1998 and bidding for a fifth term in the post , horses have always played a big part in the 78-year-old 's life . "  When I was a young boy in my home city of Visp , which is a very small village , our neighbors , our uncles and especially my godfather had a horse , " Blatter told CNN Equestrian , reflecting on his Swiss childhood . "  And the horse for me was always very attractive , " he added . "  I was also in the Swiss Army as a high-level officer , I was a commander of a regiment -- definitely -LSB- there -RSB- you have contact with horses . " Blatter , who has been involved with FIFA since 1975 , was recently a special guest at the CSI Zurich horse show . It 's an event the Swiss has always made room for in his diary despite the challenge of running football 's world governing body . "  This is what we like in football -- connecting people , " Blatter said , comparing the world of equestrian and football . "  And you have seen the public , the public is happy with that . Because it 's the big presentation , they listen , they listen . "  And here -LSB- at the horse show -RSB- they go , it 's like football . It 's like a football game . And I like that . " FIFA even sponsors a spin-off event at the CSI Zurich show , involving parents and children competing together as a team in horse jumping and with a ball at their feet . "  Sepp Blatter is a good friend of us , " said CSI Zurich co-president Rolf Theiler . "  I remember 15 years ago , it was the first time he was at the horse show and he saw the spectators , he saw the horses and said , ` FIFA must be a sponsor at the horse show . ' "  I said , ` Sepp is that possible ? ' and he said , ' I will do sponsoring at the horse show with FIFA . ' It 's fantastic . " The FIFA chief added : "  It 's a family prize and this is wonderful . It 's not about who 's the best , but the best combination . " He might have a special place in his heart for horses , but Blatter admits to having always preferred to admire them from afar rather than jump on board one . "  The horse for me was always very attractive , " he said . "  But I have to say for the benefit of the horses , they did n't like me so much . "	FIFA president Sepp Blatter reveals his passion for horses Blatter was around horses as a child and during his time in the Swiss army The 78-year-old was a guest at CSI Zurich horse show last week
Washington  CNN  The Senate cleared its first procedural hurdle in an effort to green-light the Keystone XL pipeline on Monday -- but the project 's advocates will still need a few more votes if they are to overcome President Barack Obama 's expected veto . The Senate voted 63 to 32 to take up the bill , which would end the State Department 's six-year review of the 1,179-mile Canada-to-Texas pipeline and authorize its construction . White House threatens vetoes on eve of meeting with lawmakers Ten Democrats and one independent joined all of the chamber 's Republicans in backing the bill -- suggesting there are enough votes to approve it , a major milestone for a bill that had cleared the House but stalled in the Senate in previous years . Its passage is a goal for new Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , who has made it the first bill the now Republican-controlled chamber has taken up . But the pipeline 's supporters will need 67 votes -- a two-thirds majority -- to override an Obama veto . The President has said he would like the decision left in the hands of the executive branch , rather than handed over to Congress . The push to build the pipeline got a boost Friday when the Nebraska Supreme Court OK ` ed its route through the state , removing a legal case that the Obama administration had said it wanted to see play out before issuing a decision . The Senate is likely to consider amendments to the bill this week and next week , with a final vote coming sometime around Obama 's State of the Union speech . The Keystone bill 's sponsor , Sen. John Hoeven , R-North Dakota , told "  Fox News Sunday " this weekend that he hopes the amendment process will attract more Democratic supporters to the bill . "  Right now we 've got about 63 -LSB- votes -RSB- , " Hoeven said . "  But we 're going to the floor with an open amendment process , trying to foster more bipartisanship ... so that we can pass this measure and other measures and either override the veto or attach the bill to other legislation that will get 67 votes . " One Democrat said on the program that he does n't expect that to happen . Sen. Chris Coons of Delaware said , "  It 's clear that there will not be a veto override . "	The Senate voted 63-32 on Monday to advance a bill that authorizes construction of the Keystone XL pipeline That 's not enough votes to override President Barack Obama 's expected veto of the bill The Senate will consider amendments that supporters hope will attract more Democrats in the coming weeks
CNN  -- Surrounded by the white-clad students of her all-girls academy , Oprah Winfrey is glowing with pride . And just like many mothers at a graduation ceremony , the talk show queen can not hold back the tears as the girls she calls her daughters stroll across the stage to accept their diplomas . "  I am one proud mama and for once I think I know what that feels like for real , " Winfrey said before the graduation of the first class of her South Africa-based school last week . "  It feels like a real sense of accomplishment . It is a triumph indeed , considering where all these girls have come from . " The TV star had every reason to be jubilant : In 2007 , she had hand-picked all these students as she established the $ 40 million Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls to provide world-class high school education to underprivileged children from South Africa and teach them leadership skills . Five years later , the 71 graduates of the class of 2011 -- all high-achieving young girls who had experienced poverty and personal trauma such as violence , molestation , or loss of a parent -- have all been accepted to continue their studies at universities in South Africa and the United States . Oprah : Power , money and compassion "  When I look at them , I see where they 've been , I see where they 've come from . I know how hard it is to come up from nowhere and nothing and have almost no support and to have suffered not one or two but on average five , six traumas by the time you actually get in this school , " said Winfrey . "  And now 100 % of this class has been accepted into colleges , 10 % going to the United States . I mean , that 's pretty incredible . " Before the graduation , the girls received intensive financial planning counseling and assistance to help them with life beyond the academy , school officials say . A mentoring program has also been put in place to offer them advice during university . Overall , the boarding school , which spans 52 acres in the small town of Henley-on-Klip near Johannesburg , accommodates 400 South African girls of any race , color or origin , aged 12 to 18 . The students are offered free tuition , uniforms and meals and have access to the academy 's state-of-the-art facilities , which include modern classrooms , computers labs , sport fields and a 10,000-volume library . Elite boarding school aims to create Africa 's future leaders But for all its success and money spent , Winfrey 's academy has not been without its controversies . A few months after opening , the school was rocked by an abuse scandal when one of its matrons was accused of molesting students . The women was acquitted in 2010 . Last year , a student concealed her pregnancy and then secretly gave birth at the school . The baby died and was later found in the student 's school bag . Winfrey , who lost a child as a teenager and has spoken publicly about abuse she suffered at a young age , said it was her faith in the girls that kept her "  steadfast " and "  stimulated " amid all the challenges . "  I 've always believed in the girls , " she said . "  I 've known that no matter what we were going through , the girls were worth it -- no matter what happened , the end of the day the girls , the investment in the girls , which is really an investment in the future leadership of this country . " Africa 's emerging leaders launch 2020 growth vision The 57-year-old media mogul , who now runs her own channel , appropriately titled OWN , said her next mission is to continue championing the rights of young girls to a better education . She aims to use the experience garnered over the past five years as a "  force for change " to give educational opportunities to more girls from poor backgrounds in other countries and help raise the next generation of female leaders and entrepreneurs . "  You want to change the world , you change a girl 's life , " she said . "  What I intend to do now is ... take that model and to use it in the world to change the lives of 250 million girls around the world who ca n't get an education , who do n't have any asset other than their bodies to use , and therefore they 're sold for dowries , they 're sold off into slavery , they 're married at 11 and 12 years old . " Winfrey , who overcame economic hardship as well as racial and gender challenges to become one of the world 's most successful and influential women , says education can help girls from all backgrounds to raise their aspirations . "  In the beginning , I think we had teachers who were like , ` oh , the girls , they come here disadvantaged . ' So we 've eliminated that word ` disadvantaged , ' because disadvantaged allows other people to look at you like you have some kind of disease , and they lower their expectations for what you can be . "  I said , ` nobody has a disadvantaged brain . Nobody is here with a disadvantaged mind . Nobody has a disadvantaged spirit . ' " For this "  proud momma , " the possibilities are endless for her girls . "  You were born in the year that apartheid ended in this country , " Winfrey tells her school 's students . "  That means that you are a child of freedom . There is no bar . "	The first class of Oprah Winfrey 's South Africa-based academy has graduated The 71 girls are all accepted in universities in South Africa and the United States The TV host set up the school in 2007 to give education to girls from poor backgrounds She plans to continue championing the rights of girls to a better education
CNN  -- Vera has found a good man . He loves her and her 16-year-old daughter . His work provides their income and allows her to attend nursing school . They married two years ago and their future was set . Except for one thing . Lucio came to the United States illegally and has been living as an undocumented immigrant . At any time he could be deported to his native Peru . Although undocumented , Lucio was able to find work as a contracting muralist in Houston , where Vera -- a U.S. citizen -- was born and raised . He learned to speak English in less than three years for work and the need to communicate with the "  love of his life " as he put it . "  I love this country and have made it my home . I want to be able to contribute to this country and give back in any way I can , " said Lucio . He said he got his Tax ID number as soon as he started working because he wanted to get started on the right path and pay his taxes . Vera also depends on Lucio for emotional support as she suffers from PTSD . She is a victim of sexual molestation and suffered mental and physical abuse while growing up . They 'd always planned for Lucio to apply for citizenship , but were afraid of going into the system that would require him to return to Peru for up to 10 years . "  I used to have nightmares about Lucio and I separating . I used to worry so much about it , " said Vera , "  I would n't know what to do without him . If he left I would n't know how to run his business . " Now Vera and Lucio , whose last names we 've agreed to withhold to protect their identity , are entering that system , hopeful that they wo n't be separated . Come March , many mixed-status families will breathe a sigh of relief knowing they wo n't have to remain separate for a long period of time while they apply to become legal residents in the U.S. , according to a new rule made by the Department of Homeland Security announced last week . The new rule does not guarantee legal status to the undocumented immigrant -- the family still has to prove that the deportation of the spouse or parent would cause "  extreme hardship " to the U.S. citizen . "  I 'm so relieved he gets to stay here while we go through this process , it makes a big difference , " Vera said . Sarah Monty , Lucio 's immigration lawyer , is optimistic that his waiver will be approved . USCIS Director Alejandro Mayorkas said in a press release : "  The law is designed to avoid extreme hardship to U.S. citizens , which is precisely what this rule achieves . " "  The change will have a significant impact on American families by greatly reducing the time family members are separated from those they rely upon . " Under current law , immediate relatives of U.S. citizens who are not eligible to adjust status in the U.S. to become lawful permanent residents must leave the country and obtain an immigrant visa in their home country . Those who have accrued more than six months of unlawful presence while in the United States must obtain a waiver to overcome the unlawful presence bar before they can return to the U.S. after departing to obtain an immigrant visa . "  This final rule facilitates the legal immigration process and reduces the amount of time that U.S. citizens are separated from their immediate relatives who are in the process of obtaining an immigrant visa , " said Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano in a press release . Monty fears that because the eligibility is so specific to a certain group of people , many undocumented immigrants are going to be confused as to why they do not qualify and suggests they seek out legal counsel . She said the new regulation was a huge step forward and sadly long overdue . Undocumented immigrants married to a U.S. citizen are the most vocal group said Monty , and if this provision works , this might extend to other groups . The new rule does not apply to U.S. children with an undocumented parent . In other words , you can not give birth to your own waiver . The child , whether undocumented or not , must have a U.S. citizen as a parent . A legitimate concern for many -- if the waiver is denied -- is that individuals are also putting the government on notice that an undocumented spouse or parent lives in the U.S. because it might put themselves at risk for deportation . "  Applying for this waiver means that you are putting yourself out there . ICE told me that their priorities are to go after criminal aliens , " said Monty , but added , "  Undocumented immigrants without a criminal history do not need to worry . " The National Asian Pacific American Women 's Forum applauds the Obama administration for their rule change . NAPAWF teamed up with the National Domestic Workers Alliance to advocate to keep women and their families together at the We Belong Together campaign . During the past two Christmases they organized thousands of letters from children to be sent to congress asking them to stop deporting their parents . "  This is clearly a step in the right direction , but a lot more work needs to be done , " said Wida Amir , Immigrant Rights Program Director at NAPAWF in an interview , "  We need a broader comprehensive immigration reform that provides a pathway to citizenship . Congress needs to address the whole package . "	New rule can reduces time U.S. citizens are separated from undocumented relatives "  I used to have nightmares about Lucio and I separating . I would n't know what to do without him " National Asian Pacific American Women 's Forum applauds Obama administration "  This is clearly a step in the right direction but a lot more work needs to be done "
Sports photographers from all over will descend on London for the 2012 Olympics to capture some of the world 's best athletes in the heat of competition . You may not be headed to the games , but that does n't mean you ca n't join in the fun ! Welcome to the CNN iReport sports photography master class . Check out the tips above from sports photography expert Edward M. Pio Roda . Then grab your camera , attend a local sporting event and submit your best shots to iReport by August 15 . The best images , as selected by Pio Roda and other CNN photographers , will be featured in a photo gallery for CNN.com . Looking for a few more photography pointers ? Check these out : Photography 101 CNN photojournalists illustrate their best composition tips and more in this beautiful photo essay . Classic Olympic photos Check out famed images from Olympics past and read about what makes them great . The dos and do n'ts of photo editing Take the hundreds of photos you just shot and edit them down into a cohesive and compelling story . Plus , learn what kinds of photo modifications are and are n't OK in photojournalism .	In honor of the London Olympics , CNN helps you up your sports photography game Check out the tips above , then submit your best sports photos to CNN iReport The best images will be featured on CNN.com !
PEOPLE.com  -- Despite not appearing at Wednesday 's 38th annual People 's Choice Awards , Katy Perry was the big winner of the night . Perry , whose 14-month marriage to Russell Brand ended last month , was honored in five categories , as favorite female artist , tour headliner and for song of the year for "  ET " with Kanye West , music video for "  Last Friday Night " and TV guest star for "  How I Met Your Mother . " In a Twitter message earlier in the week , Perry said she would n't attend but told fans , "  I want to thank u all for voting for me , fingers crossed ! " The biggest ovation at the event , which was broadcast on CBS , went to Betty White , who is celebrating her 90th birthday . On stage with her costars from the best cable comedy show winner "  Hot in Cleveland , " she modestly told the crowd , "  I have n't done anything . " Among the other winners in the 43 categories , "  Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows : Part 2 " took four awards -- favorite movie , action movie , book adaptation and ensemble movie cast , although no stars from the film attended . Other honorees included Ellen DeGeneres , Lea Michele and Demi Lovato , as well as favorite movie actress and actor Emma Stone and Johnny Depp . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Katy Perry was honored in five categories "  Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows : Part 2 " took four awards Other honorees included Ellen DeGeneres , Lea Michele and Demi Lovato
House GOP leaders announced their intention Wednesday to pass a bill this week that would only keep the government running after September 30 if President Barack Obama 's health care reform law is fully defunded . The decision sets up a high stakes game of political chicken over the next 12 days , as Democrats have repeatedly rejected any attempt to undo the president 's signature legislative achievement . "  We 're going to continue to do everything we can to repeal the president 's failed health care law , " said House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  The law is a train wreck . " "  We aim to put a stop to Obamacare before it costs one more job or raises a family 's out-of-pocket expenses one more dollar , " said House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia . The House bill , which would keep the government running through mid-December , also locks in overall funding levels at $ 986 billion , preserving Washington 's so-called "  sequester " -- forced across-the-board spending cuts that have been criticized by leaders on both sides of the aisle . Obamacare , spending showdown heats up in House Most congressional Democrats , opposed to further cuts in non-defense spending , have expressed their strong opposition to such a move . In addition , the GOP bill states that Social Security and disability payments need to receive top priority if Congress and the president are unable to raise the federal debt ceiling by mid-October . A failure to extend the nation 's borrowing limit and pay bills already incurred risks an unprecedented national default . Obama and other Democratic leaders have warned they will not cave to GOP demands for new spending cuts in exchange for a hike in the debt limit . "  I 'm happy to negotiate with  congressional Republicans  around the budget , just as I 've done in the past , " Obama told business leaders on Wednesday . "  What I will not do is create a habit , a pattern , whereby the full faith and credit of the United States ends up being a bargaining chip to set policy . It 's irresponsible . " The president told his audience to "  flip the script for a second and imagine a situation in which a Democratic speaker said to a Republican president , ` I 'm not going to increase the debt ceiling unless you increase corporate taxes by 20 percent . And if you do n't do it , we 'll default on the debt and cause a worldwide financial crisis . ' " "  That ca n't be a recipe for government , " he said . A less confrontational strategy initially backed by GOP leaders unraveled last week . Government shutdown : Again ? Seriously ? Numerous House Republicans threatened to defeat a temporary spending measure proposed by their leadership because it did not directly link continued government funding with a ban on money for the new health care law . Conservative groups such as Tea Party Patriots and Heritage Action for America praised the harder line now adopted by Boehner and other GOP leaders . "  Senate Democrats and President Obama must make a decision : shut down the government to protect a destructive , unpopular law or acknowledge Obamacare has failed and can not be salvaged , " said Michael Needham , communications director for Heritage Action . One Republican , Nebraska Rep. Lee Terry , told CNN that conservative activists had been strongly engaged with House members on the issue in recent weeks . I "  absolutely heard from a lot of our conservative groups over the  summer  break about defunding Obamacare , " Terry said . "  The pressure was absolutely there ...  though  I did n't feel like it was pressure per se because I agreed we need to do away with Obamacare . " Opinion : Worried about Obamacare ? Fear not Another Republican , freshman Rep. Trey Radel of Florida , predicted the White House will eventually give in to at least some GOP demands . "  I think the president will negotiate with us , " he said . Other Republicans seemed less sure . "  We ca n't let the government shut down , " said Rep. Peter King , R-New York . "  We ca n't be kamikazes and we ca n't be General Custer . " A top Senate Democrat warned House Republicans they were playing a losing hand . "  Republican leaders in the House have decided to give the hard right their day in the sun , and decided to pursue an agenda that they know will never , ever be signed into law , " New York 's Chuck Schumer said . "  Reasonable Republicans , stop these zealots in your party from driving our economy off a cliff . " Meanwhile , with a potential government shutdown less than two weeks away , the White House budget office directed federal agencies on Wednesday to prepare for a potential shutdown . Sylvia Burwell , director of the Office of Management and Budget , told federal agencies to update their plans in the event no agreement is reached before September 30 , the end of the fiscal year . "  Prudent management requires that agencies be prepared for the possibility of a lapse , " Burwell wrote .	House GOP pushes bill tying government funding to end of Obamacare funding GOP plan locks in current spending levels and prioritizes spending if debt ceiling is n't raised Democrats have said they will not negotiate over Obamacare or the debt ceiling Negotiating over the debt ceiling "  ca n't be a recipe for government , " Obama warns
Only in space would 2 million miles be considered a close call . An asteroid with an estimated diameter of three football fields zoomed by Earth late Monday , missing our home by about that distance . It traveled at some 27,000 miles per hour . The asteroid came just about a year after a relatively small asteroid blew up over Russia . The roughly 60-foot space rock plunged into Earth 's atmosphere and exploded over the city of Chelyabinsk with the force of about 30 early nuclear bombs . The blast left more than 1,500 injured , mostly by glass from shattered windows , and raised concerns about humanity 's vulnerability to stray asteroids . "  On a practical level , a previously unknown , undiscovered asteroid seems to hit our planet and cause damage or injury once a century or so , as we witnessed on June 20 , 1908 , and February 15 , 2013 , " said Bob Berman , Slooh host and astronomer . Slooh.com tracks potentially hazardous objects , like asteroids and comets . Berman added : "  Every few centuries , an even more massive asteroid strikes us -- fortunately usually impacting in an ocean or wasteland such as Antarctica . "  But the ongoing threat , and the fact that biosphere-altering events remain a real if small annual possibility , suggests that discovering and tracking all NEOs  near-Earth objects  , as well as setting up contingency plans for deflecting them on short notice should the need arise , would be a wise use of resources . " Study : Solar system full of ` rogue ' asteroids	The asteroid misses Earth by some 2 million miles It comes just about a year after an asteroid blew up over Russia The space rock has an estimated diameter of three football fields
CNN  -- Pooping pigeons forced the Kings of Leon to abandon their St. Louis , Missouri , concert after just three songs Friday night , the rock band 's management said Saturday . An infestation of the birds in the rafters of the Verizon Amphitheatre bombarded the musicians as soon as they took the stage , according to Andy Mendelsohn of Vector Management . "  Jared  Followill  was hit several times during the first two songs , " Mendelsohn said of the band 's bassist . "  It 's not only disgusting -- it 's a toxic health hazard . They really tried to hang in there , " Mendelsohn added . Followill , who describes himself as a "  germophobe , " said there was already poop on his pedal and carpet when he walked out on stage . The aerial attack began during the opening song -- "  Closer " -- when he was bombed in the face . His bass tech wiped most of it off with a sanitary wipe , he said . Excrement struck each of his arms over the next two numbers , he said . "  I was hit by pigeons on each of the first three songs , " he said . "  We had 20 songs on the set list . By the end of the show , I would have been covered from head to toe . " Followill said he could n't see the pigeons above him and he had no idea how many there were . "  The last thing I was going to do was look up ... but if that was only a couple , we must have caught them right after a big Thanksgiving dinner , " he quipped . The group was determined to play for St. Louis fans even though they had fair warning earlier about the pigeon problem . Opening bands The Postelles and The Stills came offstage complaining of getting riddled with large amounts of excrement , their publicist said . "  The Kings of Leon decided to carry on regardless , " they said in a statement released Saturday . "  The band felt it would be unfair to the fans to cancel the show at that late moment . " "  We could n't believe what The Postelles and The Stills looked like after their sets , " Followill said . "  We did n't want to cancel the show , so we went for it . We tried to play . It was ridiculous . " Followill 's mother called him when she heard from friends at the show that it had been abruptly ended . "  I was attacked , Mom , but not by humans , " Followill said he told her . Venue managers told the band 's representatives earlier Friday about "  a significant pigeon infestation problem with summer shows over the years , but they were doing all they could to fix it , " the statement said . "  We want to apologize to our fans in St. Louis and will come back as soon as we can , " Mendelsohn said . Concertgoers were apparently spared the aerial bombardment . "  No fans got pooped on as far as we know , " the band 's publicist said . Verizon Amphitheatre and concert promoter Live Nation did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . The band is set to perform at First Midwest Bank Amphitheatre in Chicago , Illinois , on Saturday night . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : Excrement did not hit the fans The band decided to take the stage despite bombardment on openers The show ended when excrement landed on the bassist 's cheek Kings of Leon were warned about pigeon infestation
CNN  -- Students in Gainesville , Georgia , are likely eating a better lunch than you today . On the menu in their cafeterias ? Chicken salad on a bed of spinach with strawberries and Mandarin oranges . Boneless wings . Brunch for lunch . Roughly 76 % of students in Gainesville City Schools qualify for free or reduced-cost meals under the National School Lunch Program . Since the program 's nutritional guidelines went into place in 2012 , school administrators have been getting creative with their food program to create meals children like . "  Taste testing is where it 's at , " said Penny Fowler , the district 's director of school nutrition . "  They 're your customers . It 's like running a business . " Fowler said her team has worked hard to implement the new guidelines , which are entering a third school year this fall . The ultimate goal is to reduce childhood obesity , which according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , has more than doubled in children and quadrupled in adolescents in 30 years . Gone are the days of mystery meats and grilled cheese on white bread . Instead , participating schools in the federal lunch program are required to serve skim or low-fat milk , add more whole grains , include a fruit and vegetable at each meal and prepare food with zero grams of trans fat per serving . Calorie and sodium limitations are also in place . "  With one-third of American children obese or overweight , members in both parties agreed that Americans ' tax dollars should fund healthy and wholesome food , " said Kevin Concannon , the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's undersecretary for food , nutrition and consumer services . USDA new rules for school meals About 90 % of schools are now in compliance with the new guidelines , according to the USDA , with students eating about 16 % more vegetables and 23 % more fruit on a daily basis . But there 's been controversy over the program 's implications for school food budgets . The USDA says 1 million fewer students nationwide are eating federal school lunches since the guidelines were enacted in 2012 -- either by personal choice , or because their schools have opted out of the lunch program altogether . What it really comes down to , experts say , is money . Wealthier school districts can turn down federal reimbursements if their students are n't enjoying the healthier fare . Districts with more students who qualify for the program , such as in Gainesville , often do n't have a choice . Economics of school lunch Established in 1946 , the National School Lunch Program was created to provide free or low-cost meals to students . Although the program is optional in most states , the federal reimbursement for students ' meals is so significant that some schools find it too expensive to run programs on their own , said Diane Pratt-Heavner , â $ Ždirector of media relations at the School Nutrition Association , a national organization of school nutrition professionals . The School Nutrition Association was instrumental in helping the Obama administration put these new nutrition guidelines in place ; now the organization is lobbying for schools to be allowed to opt out . Opponents say food companies are working behind the scenes , trying to keep their less-healthy items on the menu longer . The USDA gives schools in the continental U.S. $ 0.28 per lunch for students who pay full price . For students in need , the USDA pays almost 10 times more : $ 2.58 for those who qualify for reduced price meals and $ 2.98 for children who qualify for a free lunch . It is n't surprising then that state agencies reported to the USDA that students leaving the program were mainly from residential child care institutions , wealthier districts and/or smaller schools with low percentages of children eligible for free and reduced-price meals . Fort Thomas Independent Schools in Kentucky is one such district that decided to opt out for the 2014-2015 academic year . The local high school was losing students to its rivals : Subway and a handful of convenience stores down the street . With an open campus , students can leave for lunch , and administrators say the daily exodus increased after new nutritional guidelines went into effect two years ago . This meant less money being spent in the cafeteria . "  The guidelines are too strict and the kids can leave , " said Gina Sawma , the school district 's food and nutrition director . "  If they are n't eating with us , they 're leaving and eating junk . " Sawma says the biggest challenges were the calorie and sodium restrictions required by the federal program . The students wanted more protein and larger portions , especially athletes . The school has a robust football program that has won 22 Kentucky state championships . Douglas County High School in Colorado and Burnt Hills-Ballston Lake Board of Education in upstate New York also have called it quits , citing burdensome regulations , hungry children and a decline in food sales that led to large amounts of debt . Like Fort Thomas , these school districts are in areas with relatively high median incomes and have a low percentage of students who qualify for free or reduced meals . Donna Brazile : Let them eat ... whatever Schools that predominantly serve low-income students have fared better in both revenue gains and participation , according to the USDA . Since they are unable to opt out of the program , and students ca n't afford to eat elsewhere , cafeteria workers are making the new rules work . The Los Angeles Unified School District , which has one the highest concentrations of low-income students in California , is an example . Since the nutrition guidelines were established , there has been a 14 % increase of participation in its school lunch program . Testing taste buds For some schools , labor and food costs , and the quality of kitchen equipment can play a role in whether their revamped food program is a success , says Pratt-Heavner . Schools in small and rural areas may also have local vendors and distributors that do n't carry a great deal of healthy food options . Sawma in Kentucky , for example , found that foods that met the new dietary guidelines from her vendors did n't taste all that great . She says companies are trying , but may just need more time to reformulate their foods so they taste better . "  It 's important to keep in mind that all school meal programs are different , " Pratt-Heavner explained . "  Some communities have an easier time if students are more familiar with healthy foods at home . " Most students seem to be liking the healthier lunches despite some early negative feedback . A survey published in the Childhood Obesity journal reported that 70 % of elementary school children , 70 % of middle schoolers and 63 % of high school students liked their school 's meals . And schools opting out of the federal lunch program are n't necessarily serving unhealthy fare . In the Fort Thomas district , Sawma said schools will continue to serve extra fruits and vegetables at no charge and add back larger portions of protein and the popular homemade soups , which had to be discontinued due to the National School Lunch Program 's calorie restrictions . She said she has received calls from vendors selling unhealthy foods after the school district announced it was leaving the federal program , but she made it clear her schools have always offered healthy foods . Soft drinks and candy bars are n't on the menu . For those schools remaining in the National School Lunch Program , the USDA is offering technical support , help with recipes and financial assistance . According to the USDA , about $ 48 million in grants is still available to schools with lunch programs . "  The USDA continues to help schools by demonstrating flexibility and common sense as we work together to improve the health of the nation 's next generation , " Concannon said . "  The department will continue to provide additional funding and training to schools as progress continues . "	USDA : Students eating more fruits and vegetables with lunch guidelines enacted in 2012 It says 90 % of schools are in compliance ; schools with more federal aid growing programs Some schools with students who pay full price for lunches say they 're losing revenue USDA says 1 million fewer students are eating federal lunches since 2012
CNN  -- Recently developed "  touch DNA " technology has cleared all members of JonBenet Ramsey 's family of her slaying , authorities said Wednesday . Boulder County District Attorney Mary Lacy said no one in the Ramsey family is considered a suspect and formally apologized in a letter to John Ramsey for the cloud of suspicion his family has lived under for nearly 12 years . "  To the extent that we may have contributed in any way to the public perception that you might have been involved in this crime , I am deeply sorry , " Lacy wrote . Read the letter " Instead , DNA tests conducted earlier this year point to an "  unknown male , " in the 6-year-old child beauty pageant contestant 's December 1996 slaying . Early on in the case , Boulder police said parents John and Patsy Ramsey , and their son , Burke , were under "  an umbrella of suspicion " in JonBenet 's death , although they were never named as suspects . John Ramsey found his daughter 's body in the basement of the family 's Boulder , Colorado , home on December 26 , 1996 . She had been strangled and beaten . Testing in 1998 showed that DNA evidence found in the girl 's underwear and beneath her fingernails was from an unidentified man and did not match anyone in the Ramsey family . Follow the timeline " Tests conducted in March revealed that new DNA collected from a pair of long johns matched a sample previously taken from the child 's panties . Genetic material was scraped from the waistband of the long johns , which JonBenet was wearing over her underwear when her body was found . Lacy said in her statement that authorities believe the long johns were either replaced or removed by her killer . Additional tests were conducted to ensure that the genetic material did not come from law enforcement or medical examiner 's personnel , the statement said . "  The unexplained third-party DNA on the clothing of the victim is very significant and powerful evidence , " Lacy 's statement said . "  It is therefore the position of the Boulder District Attorney 's Office that this profile belongs to the perpetrator of the homicide . " That same DNA also exonerated John Mark Karr , a one-time schoolteacher , after he was arrested in Thailand and confessed to the killing in 2006 . Lacy was widely criticized for the handling of Karr 's arrest . Lacy took pains to state that her office does not consider JonBenet 's father , her mother -- now deceased -- or older brother to be suspects . She said she released the findings in the interest of justice . Lacy blamed "  evidence reported by the media " rather than "  evidence that had been tested in court " for suspicions cast on the Ramseys as the case was investigated , suspicions that she said "  created an ongoing living hell for the Ramsey family and their friends . " She added , "  We believe that justice indicates that the Ramseys be treated only as victims of this very serious crime . " John Ramsey told CNN affiliate KUSA that he is "  grateful " that there is "  irrefutable DNA evidence " that clears the family . Watch John Ramsey express his gratitude " "  It 's hard for people to accept and think that someone could come into a home and murder a child from their bed and we were perhaps an answer , " he said . "  It became an entertainment event for a lot of the media , sadly . ... It boosted ratings , attracted viewers , to develop that controversy . " Ramsey continued , "  You know the pain , the intense pain that we felt was the loss of our child . The accusations and the finger pointing were n't significant ... We were deeply crushed by the loss of our child , particularly in the manner that it happened . " Ramsey said his late wife also would be "  thankful for the continuing efforts to find the killer . " Atlanta attorney Lin Wood , who represents the Ramseys , told CNN that Patsy Ramsey 's death is "  one of the sad notes of today 's news , because she 's not here with us to celebrate the vindication of her family . " "  What 's happened today , though , is irrefutable DNA evidence has now resulted in John and Patsy and their son , Burke , being officially cleared in this case , " he added . "  This family suffered too many years , too many heartaches of being falsely accused in the murder of their child . "	New DNA tests exonerate all members of JonBenet Ramsey 's family Child beauty contestant was slain in December 1996 DNA points to unidentified male as her killer District Attorney Mary Lacy writes letter clearing John Ramsey , family
CNN  -- A bomb disposal team rushed to Schiphol airport in the Netherlands on Wednesday after the discovery of a World War II bomb , an airport spokeswoman said . A worker doing maintenance found the bomb at the bustling airport in the morning , said Antoinette Spaans , a spokeswoman for the Amsterdam airport . The airport was partially closed as authorities determine how to deal with it . "  There will be consequences , the air traffic will be affected but we do n't know how much yet . Passengers should check with their airline before coming to the airport , " Spaans said . The airport was used during WWII and suffered bombings then , Spaans said . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	NEW : The airport was bombed during WWII A worker discovers the bomb "  The air traffic will be affected , but we do n't know how much yet , " spokeswoman says A bomb disposal team is at the scene
It 's official . Sen. Ted Cruz is now a citizen of the United States -- and the United States only . If you remember , the Texas Republican was born in Canada to an American mother and a Cuban father . As such , he was a dual citizen -- an American because of his mother , and Canadian because the country , like America , grants automatic citizenship to anyone born there . No harm in that , except Cruz is considered a potential candidate for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination . And when the news of his dual citizenship surfaced last year , thanks to a Dallas Morning News piece , some began to question his eligibility to become president .  In truth , that was never in jeopardy . Most legal experts said Cruz qualifies as a "  natural born citizen , " a requirement for the White House job , as stated in the Constitution . The newspaper piece came as a revelation to Cruz as well . "  Because I was a U.S. citizen at birth , because I left Calgary when I was 4 and have lived my entire life since then in the U.S. , and because I have never taken affirmative steps to claim Canadian citizenship , I assumed that was the end of the matter , " Cruz said at the time . Then he took immediate steps to renounce his Canadian citizenship . Well , that process was formally completed last month , and he received a letter in the mail this week telling him so , the newspaper reported Tuesday . "  This is to certify that the person named above has formally renounced Canadian citizenshp and pursuant to the Citizenship Act will cease to be a citizen on " May 14 , 2014 , the letter read . "  it 's official y' all , " tweeted his spokeswoman Catherine Frazier . Cruz wins presidential straw poll at Republican Leadership Conference	Texas Republican was born in Canada to an American mother and a Cuban father He took steps to renounce his Canadian citizenship last year He received a note in the mail this week telling him process is done
CNN Student News  -- January 13 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Arizona • Australia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : A problem that wo n't be solved , even if the solution is clear . The story and the reasons , leading off today 's broadcast of CNN Student News ! My name is Carl Azuz ! First Up : Winter Storm Woes AZUZ : Florida is the only state in the union without snow on the ground and that includes Hawaii ! In the northeast , that snow is deep . When a weather emergency is called in New York , which gets more than two feet of snow a year , you know it 's bad . More than 1,700 flights have been canceled at New York city 's 3 major airports , though the city 's public schools stayed open . They 're closed in Philly and Boston , though . And across Massachusetts , 64,000 homes had their power knocked out . Forecasters expect 24 inches in some areas . Some of this can be blamed on the storm system that iced out the southeast . And Martin Savidge explains how and why , that 's likely to happen again ! BEGIN VIDEO MARTIN SAVIDGE , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Officials knew Atlanta was n't prepared for the storm . In fact , over the years the city made a conscious decision not to be ready . Historically , what 's been the attitude of the city when it comes to snow or ice ? MAYOR KASIM REED ,  D  ATLANTA : Well , I mean , when I was a boy growing up here it was a day off , a day or two off . But now that I 'm mayor , that 's fundamentally different . SAVIDGE : Atlanta has relied on two basic facts -- southern snowstorms are rare , and the best way to get rid of the snow is to simply let it melt . That logic fails about once a decade . This time the city remained shut down for days as roads became impassable . In fact the roads are still so bad I could n't get to the experts I wanted to interview , so I called them . Do we have any idea of what this snow event for the city of Atlanta may cost ? TOM CUNNINGHAM , FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF ATLANTA -LSB- ON PHONE -RSB- : No , not right now . SAVIDGE : Cunningham says because a convention might have been snowed out does n't mean the city lost money . Remember all those passengers stuck at the airport ? Most would have just passed through . Instead they spent money on hotels and ate at area restaurants . What about all those businesses who could n't work because their employees could n't get in ? CUNNINGHAM -LSB- ON PHONE -RSB- : There is certainly some lost income associated with hourly workers not being able to get in and get paid . A lot of that aggregate output is going to be made up over the course of the year . SAVIDGE : But why lose it at all ? Why not just buy the equipment to handle the snow ? I got that answer in my very next call to the Georgia Department of Transportation . JILL GOLDBERG , DEPUTY PRESS SECRETARY , GDOT -LSB- ON PHONE -RSB- : A snowplow is $ 250,000 . You would need so many of them it would be $ 100 million or more to shell out in order to truly cover all of the interstates . SAVIDGE : And that 's not likely to happen in this economy . There are many businesses that were unable to do business , employees could n't come in . Millions of dollars , maybe tens of millions , maybe more , lost over what appears to be this 3 day period ? Still not worth buying the trucks : REED : My answer right now is no . SAVIDGE : And you know what , the economist says the mayor 's probably right . It appears that the business community , at least for now , is in agreement with the city that these events are so rare that its not worth the expense of investment of equipment and personnel . CUNNINGHAM -LSB- ON PHONE -RSB- : I think that 's a fair assessment . END VIDEO House Condemns Shooting AZUZ : A tone of coming together at the U.S. House of Representatives . Yesterday , lawmakers held a bipartisan Congressional prayer service in honor of the 19 shooting victims in Arizona . House Speaker John Boehner said , "  our nation mourns for the victims , it yearns for peace and it thirsts for answers . " Later , the House planned to vote on a Resolution , a statement , that spoke out against the Arizona shooting . President Obama left Washington , D.C. for Tucson , Arizona yesterday . Last night , he was scheduled to speak at a memorial service for attack victims . The president and first lady , whom you see here , were also planning to spend time at the University of Arizona in Tucson , where they were going to visit with victims ' families . Blog Report AZUZ : We 're turning now to our Facebook page , for some of your comments on the Arizona shooting . Justin writes that even if the suspect is mentally unstable , he was stable enough to target the Congresswoman , and therefore should be tried and thrown into prison . Savannah lives in a town near Tucson , in Gabrielle Giffords ' area . She said she was completely shocked and that this was a horrible tragedy that never should 've happened . And Aubrey states , "  when things like this happen , I often wonder what were the signs that he was going to do this , and why could no one see them ? " All of these comments from Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews . And on our blog : Jacob believes that in order for someone to carry a gun , they need to have a mental stability test . And listen to what Ben says : "  This was a flaw in U.S. defense ; There was n't enough security at this gathering to prevent the shooting from happening . But if we lived in a civilized country , we would n't need that security . " You can talk to us at Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews . And of course at our blog at CNNStudentNews.com ! Is This Legit ? CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is This Legit ? Queensland is a state in New Zealand . Not Legit ! Queensland is a state in Australia . Australia Floodwaters Rising AZUZ : Parts of Queensland , Australia are suffering through what 's being called the worst natural disaster in the state 's history . Massive flooding has left huge areas of Queensland underwater . And it 's not just the people in the middle of these floods who 've been affected . Some areas that were able to stay dry have been completely cut off for weeks . Supplies had to be brought in by helicopter . Phil Black is where people are racing against the rising tide . BEGIN VIDEO PHIL BLACK , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : The Brisbane river churned swiftly , sweeping away boats , their jetties and other huge pieces of debris . And the water steadily began creeping beyond its banks . But this was just the beginning . This marker on a riverside pub showed what to expect . 2011 is predicted to get very close to the floods of 1974 . Very quickly the first streets were inundated and locals were shocked by the water 's speed . It 's well up there already is n't it ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE : It is . It 's coming up real quick . BLACK : All along the river people desperately packed what they could into cars and trailers . They raced the water , and some kept going even when they were clearly falling behind . Philip Johnston got his family out before the floods reached his home . PHILIP JOHNSTON , BRISBANE RESIDENT : We 've got places to go to so we 're right with that . Some of the lower lying guys are going to lose everything . ADAM BESWICK , BRISBANE RESIDENT IN ROW BOAT : Water was halfway up the driveway . Waist deep at the gate . BLACK : We rowed with Adam Beswick to his home , past others with water already up to the ceiling . Beswick 's house is on a small hill and on stilts , but he believes it will be swamped . If the prediction is accurate , how high up will this come ? How much of it will be covered ? BESWICK : I would probably think up to this ridge here but not the main ridge . BLACK : And all of this is just one street . What you are seeing here is going to be experienced by , it 's estimated , more than 20,000 homes and properties across the city . Some people were clearly taking things casually . Some were too casual and too slow to realize the seriousness of their situation . More proof of just how quickly this water is coming in . These rescue boats have been called out to help people who very suddenly found themselves surrounded by water . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : We could n't evacuate before and we just could n't go anywhere so we ended up calling the police . BLACK : How would you describe what you 've seen out there ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE : It 's pretty horrendous actually . Especially looking at the river . It 's just frightening looking at the power of nature there . BLACK : The extent of that power will be known soon with flood waters expected to peak here on Thursday . Phil Black , CNN , Brisbane , Australia . END VIDEO Shoutout CNN STUDENT NEWS : We know you want a Shoutout dedicated to your class on CNN Student News and there is one way to get it , so listen up , y' all ! First : Have your teacher take an original photo of your school . It has to be an original , not taken from anywhere else . Then : Head to CNNStudentNews.com , and scroll down the page to the "  How Do I " box on the left side . You click "  How do I get a Shoutout ? " And you follow the instructions to get your iReport to us . Hope to hear from you soon ! Before We Go AZUZ : If you 've ever visited us here at the CNN Center , you 've been only a snowball 's throw , from the world famous Peachtree Street . These days , it 's more like an ice rink . A place where driving is deleterious , but skating is serious ! Or at least seriously possible . Of everyone who 's ever passed through the middle of downtown Atlanta , this guy 's got ta be one of the only people ever , to do it on ice skates . Goodbye AZUZ : At least as far as ice-see it . It 's like Peachtree on ice : A once-in-a-lifetime sight to ski . We 'll ski ya tomorrow , on air , online , on iTunes , and probably still on ice . I 'm Carl Azuz !	A winter storm slams the northeastern United States The U.S. House of Representatives condemns the Arizona shooting Massive floods leave vast areas of Australia underwater Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
This week the Supreme Court heard two historic cases on marriage . Even though I was a lawyer in the litigation and in the courthouse both days , I ca n't predict which way the court will come down . But the outcomes range from nothing at all to fundamentally restructuring the foundational unit of western civilization . Hollingsworth v. Perry is about whether state laws defining marriage as one man and one woman violate the 14th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution . United States v. Windsor asks whether Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act , which defines marriage for federal law and programs as between one man and one woman , is unconstitutional . DOMA passed in 1996 with 78 % of the U.S. House and 85 % of the Senate and was signed by President Bill Clinton . The whole nation is focused on the litigation . Ironically , it 's possible that neither case will be decided on the merits . In Hollingsworth , California 's governor and attorney general abdicated their duties by refusing to defend their state constitution . So pursuant to California law , the sponsors of Prop 8 -- officially registered with the state -- stepped in to defend the law , represented by Charles Cooper at Cooper Kirk and the Alliance Defending Freedom . In Windsor , the defendant was the federal government . But President Barack Obama declared that he believes DOMA is unconstitutional and ordered his Justice Department not to defend it . So per its rules , the U.S. House voted to authorize Paul Clement -- probably the greatest Supreme Court lawyer practicing today -- to defend DOMA . Article III of the Constitution limits the jurisdiction of the federal courts . One requirement is that there must be adversity between the parties . Since the defendants in both cases refused to defend their own laws , the court will consider whether the Constitution allows these third-party legal teams to become a proper party to the lawsuits . There 's a second issue in Windsor . Edith Windsor entered into a gay marriage in Canada in 2007 and lived in New York . When her partner died in 2009 , Windsor sued to contest the federal estate tax she paid , claiming a spousal exemption . But New York did not create gay marriage until 2011 , so Windsor was not harmed by DOMA not allowing the federal government to recognize her marriage , since if the IRS used state definitions Windsor would still be regarded an a single woman . Thus it 's possible she lacks standing to sue over the issue . It also raises the issue of whether courts must recognize polygamous marriages , which are legal in dozens of nations worldwide . The swing vote regarding the Article III issues in both cases is probably Chief Justice John Roberts . He openly expressed skepticism in Hollingsworth and led the Court in an hour-long debate in Windsor solely focused on whether the court has jurisdiction . Assuming the court does decide the merits , the implications are historic . Windsor would alter America 's system of federalism . Only the states determine who can get married . But the federal government is free to decide whom to confer federal benefits on -- largely economic entitlements and federal issues such as immigration . Federalism is a two-way street . But if DOMA Section 3 is invalidated , the states will be able to dictate whom the recipients of federal benefits are . If Windsor is historic , Hollingsworth is earth-shattering . If the Supreme Court declares a constitutional right to marriage other than one-man , one-woman , then all traditional marriage laws in all 50 states will be invalid , and there will be a serious debate  already in a lower federal court  of whether polygamists also have a constitutional right to national recognition . On the merits , the court seems unlikely to declare an unwritten constitutional right to gay marriage , though arguments did not go as well for DOMA . Justice Anthony Kennedy is likely the swing vote in both . As Justice Samuel Alito said this week , the Internet and cell phones have been around on this planet longer than gay marriage . It is an energetic debate in all 50 states , and this summer we will learn whether the Supreme Court will shut down this debate by making it a constitutional issue on which the American people are not allowed to vote .	Ken Klukowski : Cases heard by Supreme Court could result in momentous change He says there are questions of whether cases could be tossed because of special circumstances If court issues sweeping ruling , it could deprive voters of chance to weigh in Klukowski : Gay marriage is such a new phenomenon that court should n't freeze the debate
New York  CNN  -- Banks are holding more than $ 200 million in insurance payments meant for victims of Superstorm Sandy , nearly four months after the storm made landfall , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Tuesday . The Cuomo administration said it has delivered letters to various banks and mortgage service providers asking they "  use maximum discretion and effort to speed the release of funds . " "  Families need to be able to return to their homes and the state economy , which took a hit from Superstorm Sandy , needs the boost from spending on repairs , " Cuomo said in a written statement . "  After insurance companies have sent homeowners checks to pay for repairs , the money should not be sitting with the bank because of red tape . " A month of outrage later , Senate passes Sandy relief The state 's Department of Financial Services found that four of the biggest U.S. banks -- Wells Fargo , Bank of America , Citibank and JP Morgan Chase -- are holding more than 4,100 checks worth more $ 130 million . The banks were not immediately available for comment , though have maintained that they were socked with a massive amount in payouts that require processing in the wake of the storm . Thousands of storm-battered residents are still awaiting a total of $ 208 million in insurance checks . Cuomo said the payouts are often issued jointly to the homeowner and their bank or mortgage servicer , which then requires the "  bank 's endorsement of the check before the homeowner may access the funds . " Delays can follow when banks request proof of repairs or servicing required by federal mortgage agencies . But many residents have complained that they have n't received the funds they need to start the repairs . Superstorm Sandy left 132 people dead in the United States and contributed to tens of billions of dollars worth of damages , especially along shoreline communities in New York , New Jersey and parts of Connecticut . Widow tells of HMS Bounty 's last moments	Cuomo administration says it delivered letters to banks and mortgage service providers Thousands of storm-battered residents are still awaiting $ 208 million in insurance checks The banks were not immediately available for comment Banks have said they were socked with many payouts that require processing
Bangalore , India  CNN  -- Nineteen-year-old Reshma Banu sits on the stairs outside her parents ' home , staring at the tiny screen on her cell phone . The video on the screen has her mesmerized : a very short home video of her baby girl , Afreen . The moments captured are precious because they show Banu 's only child alive and well . Afreen died in the hospital . She was three months old . Authorities say the baby was admitted to the hospital with bite marks , cigarette burns and a dislocated neck . Police say she was killed by her father . "  After my delivery my husband had come to see me and the baby . He said , ` It is a girl , why did you give birth to a girl ? ' " He wanted a boy , an heir . Girls were too expensive , he said . A couple of days after giving birth , Banu says her husband gave an ultimatum . "  For her wedding we will require a hundred thousand rupees  about US$ 1,800 dollars  for all the expense . If you can get that amount from your mother , then keep her , but if you ca n't , then kill her , " Banu recalled her husband as saying . She did n't believe he meant it and was sure he would change his mind once he held his soft , bright-eyed baby girl . Three months later , her baby is dead , and her husband is under arrest , accused of beating the baby to death . Police say he confessed to the killing . This is by no means the first case of its kind in India . Attitudes , traditions , and economics have come together to make being a girl a dangerous prospect in the country , doctors say . Most of the time girls are disposed of long before they are born . How ? Sex-selective abortions . U.S. House of Representatives rejects abortion ban based on sex of fetus India has a growing gender gap : The 2011 census showed that for every 1,000 boys six years or younger there were only 914 girls . It is the lowest child sex ratio since India 's independence in 1947 . The United Nations has said India is the most dangerous place to be a girl . Dr. Anand Krishnan at All India Institute of Medical Sciences  AIIMS  , who has studied the gender gap for years , agrees . "  Yes , largely this is from the point of view of mortality statistics for girls versus boys , " Krishnan told CNN . Sex-selective abortions are against the law in India but are still happening at an alarming rate , he said . His study shows a surprising trend : Sex selective abortions among the educated and well-off seem to be more prevalent than among the desperately poor and uneducated . Despite greater prosperity , their mindsets have not changed and they have the money to pay for ultrasounds and abortions . "  A boy is seen as a better investment . They prefer boys , " Krishnan said . The explanation goes something like this : In traditional Indian families the men marry and bring their bride home to live and take care of his parents . Girls , on the other hand , marry and leave the home without providing extra financial support . Moreover , a girl 's family can go broke trying to pay a dowry to get her married . Although outlawed in India , dowries are still common and take different forms throughout society . Indian law also forbids doctors to tell a couple the sex of their child after an ultrasound , but many clinics break the law and do so anyway . India has made an effort across the country to stop female infanticide . CNN visited a village in Haryana state with one of the worst ratios of boys to girls , according to the Indian government . A campaign is under way to change villagers ' minds about girls . Tiny placards above the doors of several homes say in Hindi : "  If you get rid of your girls , where will you find your daughter-in-laws ? " A teenage boy wore a T-shirt that said , "  Save our girls . " Nonetheless , there were young boys everywhere and only a few young girls . Villagers only affirmed why there appeared to be an imbalance . "  Girls are mostly aborted here . The people want more boys . There is a shortage of girls , " Chandravati said without hesitation . The villager was taking care of her neighbor 's newborn baby girl . She cooed at the baby while blowing cigarette smoke into its tiny little face , oblivious to the dangers second-hand smoke could pose . She told us the poorest people do n't have the money to abort , so they are forced to keep girls , but those who can afford an ultrasound and abortion get rid of female fetuses . "  So much money is required to get them married . Where will the money come from ? " she said . "  Everything is so expensive these days . " But India is a country filled with in-your-face contradictions . When it comes to women and girls it is a place where the discarding of girls is juxtaposed with the fact that India has a female president and speaker of the House -- and its most powerful politician is a woman , Sonia Gandhi . Indira Gandhi , Sonia 's mother-in-law , became India 's first woman prime minister and one of the world 's first female heads of government . In 2011 the latest census data showed the literacy rate for girls is growing faster than for boys . Banu , whose husband is accused of killing their baby , and her parents say they always believed a baby -- boy or girl -- was a blessing . Her mother , Maqbool Bi , had four girls and a boy . Though the family is poor , she raised her girls with great hope for their futures . "  With all that is there in my heart , my heart breaks every time I recall what happened -LSB- to my granddaughter -RSB- . Even when I was starving I raised my children , all four of them . I used to pray to God to save me from seeing any of my children die before my own eyes . My children should succeed in life . They should make us proud , " she said . Banu now lives with her parents in a tiny two-room home filled to a bursting point with family members . She will spend her life struggling with the fact that she never got the chance to raise her first child because the baby was born a girl . With tears welling in her eyes , Banu said , "  She had just come into the world . She was like a flower bud , and he killed her . I lost my daughter . What can be worse than this ? " Is tide turning against killing of infants in Ethiopia ? CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Indian man is accused of killing 3-month-old baby girl because he wanted a son The United Nations says India is the most dangerous place to be a girl It 's common to abort female babies because boys are seen as ` better investments ' For every 1,000 boys 6 years and under , there are 914 girls -- the lowest ratio since 1947
