CNN  -- A major earthquake struck southern Haiti on Tuesday , knocking down buildings and power lines and inflicting what its ambassador to the United States called a catastrophe for the Western Hemisphere 's poorest nation . Several eyewitnesses reported heavy damage and bodies in the streets of the capital , Port-au-Prince , where concrete-block homes line steep hillsides . There was no estimate of the dead and wounded Tuesday evening , but the U.S. State Department has been told to expect "  serious loss of life , " department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters in Washington . "  The only thing I can do now is pray and hope for the best , " the ambassador , Raymond Alcide Joseph , told CNN . Pictures sent to CNN 's iReport show homes and small businesses in Haiti that have collapsed . Are you there ? Submit an iReport The magnitude 7.0 quake -- the most powerful to hit Haiti in a century -- struck shortly before 5 p.m. and was centered about 10 miles  15 kilometers  southwest of Port-au-Prince , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . It could be felt strongly in eastern Cuba , more than 200 miles away , witnesses said . Experts warned of earthquake risk on Haiti Mike Godfrey , an American contractor working for the U.S. Agency for International Development , said "  a huge plume of dust and smoke rose up over the city " within minutes of the quake -- "  a blanket that completely covered the city and obscured it for about 20 minutes . " Witnesses reported damaged buildings throughout the capital , including the president 's residence and century-old homes nearby , and The Associated Press reported that a hospital collapsed . President Rene Preval is safe , Joseph said , but there was no estimate of the dead and wounded Tuesday evening . He said an official of his government told him houses had crumbled "  on the right side of the street and the left side of the street . " "  He said it is a catastrophe of major proportions , " Joseph said . Impact Your World : How you can help Frank Williams , the Haitian director of the relief agency World Vision International , said the quake left people "  pretty much screaming " all around Port-au-Prince . He said the agency 's building shook for about 35 seconds , "  and portions of things on the building fell off . " "  None of our staff were injured , but lots of walls are falling down , " Williams said . "  Many of our staff have tried to leave , but were unsuccessful because the walls from buildings and private residences are falling into the streets , so that it has pretty much blocked significantly most of the traffic . " Read what people in Haiti are saying via social media Haiti 's government is backed by a U.N. peacekeeping mission established after the ouster of former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in 2004 . The headquarters of the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Port-au-Prince collapsed , a U.N. official told CNN . There was no immediate report of any dead or wounded from the building , but Alain Le Roy , the undersecretary-general for peacekeeping operations said of the 9,000-member , Brazilian led-force , "  For the moment , a large number of personnel remain unaccounted for . " Outside the capital , several people were hurt when they rushed to get out of a school in the southwestern city of Les Cayes , said the Rev. Kesner Ajax , the school 's executive director . Two homes in the area collapsed and the top of a church collapsed in a nearby town , he said , but he did not know of any fatalities . Les Cayes , a city of about 400,000 people , is about 140 miles  225 kilometers  southwest of Port-au-Prince . The quake took place about 6 miles  10 kilometers  underground , according to the USGS -- a depth that can produce severe shaking . At least 10 aftershocks followed , including two in the magnitude 5 range , the USGS reported . Appeals for aid after quake strikes Haiti Jean Bernard , an eyewitness in Port-au-Prince , told CNN the city had no electricity Tuesday evening . The first quake lasted 35 to 40 seconds , he said . "  A lot of houses -LSB- and -RSB- buildings went down , and people are still running all over the streets , " Bernard said . "  People are looking for their wives , looking for their husbands and their kids . It 's scary . " Luke Renner , an American staying in Cap-Hatien , a city nearly 100 miles north of Port-au-Prince , said he was sitting at his home when "  the whole world started to shake . " "  It felt like our whole house was balancing on a beach ball , " Renner said . "  We heard the whole community screaming and in an uproar during that whole 20 - to 30-second window . " "  I have n't seen any structural damage here , " Renner continued . "  With the sun setting it may be difficult to tell . In the morning we 'll know for sure . " Because of the earthquake 's proximity to the capital , and because the city is densely populated and has poorly constructed housing , "  it could cause significant casualties , " said Jian Lin , a senior geologist at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts . In Washington , President Obama said the U.S. government would "  stand ready to assist the people of Haiti . " At the Pentagon , the U.S. military said humanitarian aid was being prepared for shipping , but it was not yet clear where or how it would be sent . A U.S. aviation source said the control tower at the Port-au-Prince international airport collapsed , possibly hindering efforts to fly relief supplies into the country . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters that Washington is offering "  our full assistance " to Haiti . " The deputy chief of the U.S. mission in Haiti , David Lindwall , told Clinton that he saw "  significant damage " from the quake and said U.S. officials there expect "  serious loss of life , " Crowley said . And Clinton 's husband , former President Clinton -- now the U.N. special envoy for Haiti -- said the world body was "  committed to do whatever we can to assist the people of Haiti in their relief , rebuilding and recovery efforts . " The United States has been heavily involved in Haiti commercially , politically and militarily for most of the last century . U.S. intervention under Clinton restored Aristide to power in 1994 after a 1991 coup , and a U.S. jet hustled him out of the country again in 2004 following a rapidly spreading uprising against his government . The disaster is the latest to befall the country of about 9 million people , roughly the size of Maryland . It is the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere and among the poorest in the world . With people stripping the trees for fuel and to clear land for agriculture , the mountainous countryside has been heavily deforested . That has led to severe erosion and left Haitians vulnerable to massive landslides when heavy rains fall . Hurricane Gordon killed more than 1,000 people in 1994 , while Hurricane Georges killed more than 400 and destroyed the majority of the country 's crops in 1998 . And in 2004 , Hurricane Jeanne killed more than 3,000 people as it passed north of Haiti , with most of the deaths in the northwestern city of Gonaives . Gonaives was hit heavily again in 2008 , when four tropical systems passed through . In addition , a Haitian school collapsed in November 2008 , killing more than 90 people and injuring 150 -- a disaster authorities blamed on poor construction . Eighty percent of Haiti 's population lives under the poverty line , according to the CIA World Factbook . CNN 's Mallory Simon , Edvige Jean-Francois , Shasta Darlington , Deb Feyerick , Matt Smith , Pierre Meilhan , Mike Mount and Brandon Griggs contributed to this report .	NEW : Witnesses : Bodies in streets of capital ; buildings collapsed NEW : U.N. mission headquarters reportedly collapsed ; some unaccounted for Earthquake struck just off coast of capital Port-au-Prince on Tuesday Americans seeking info about relatives in Haiti can call State Department at 888-407-4747
CNN  -- A list of 22 techniques for evading drone strikes shows that militants are trying to share their knowledge and reduce the number of casualties that American attacks are costing them . The tipsheet advises militants to hide under thick trees , stay in the shadows , cover up their vehicles , stay away from their parked cars , hold meetings indoors , and avoid using cell phones . If they hear a drone approaching , they are advised to scatter in multiple directions . The list also suggests using jamming equipment , and even setting up dummies as decoys to fool the reconnaissance planes . The Associated Press reported finding a printout of the tipsheet in the African nation of Mali , in the aftermath of recent fighting that pushed back militants there . But the list has been on the Internet www.as-ansar.com/vb/showthread.php?t=41604 for the last couple of years , according to terrorism analyst Jarret Brachman . Retired Col. Cedric Leighton , a former Air Force intelligence officer who worked on developing the American drone program , said he believes the evasive tactics that militants are attempting to adopt will not tip the balance in their favor . "  They are good for people who are in a desert environment , who are trying to avoid drones -- but there are a lot of limitations to them . The drones are fairly effective , " he said . The list , according to CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank , demonstrates how concerned jihadists are about the toll that the strikes are taking on their ranks . "  It 's a matter of life or death for them , " he said . "  It has induced a high degree of paranoia in their ranks . That has made it more difficult for them to recruit new members . " Judging by interrogation reports and accounts of Westerners , said Cruickshank , "  it is extremely stressful , to know that any moment , the droning sound you hear from the sky may well be your death . " Al Qaeda 's new strategy revealed Before he was killed , Osama bin Laden himself warned his followers to take precautions against drone strikes , according to documents seized during the raid on his Pakistan compound "  A warning to the brothers : they should not meet on the road and move in their cars because many of them got targeted while they were meeting on the road , " bin Laden wrote . His advice to any militant who was on the move : "  He should move only when the clouds are heavy . " Leighton sees the tipsheet as an opportunity to learn how to foil the militants , since they have now tipped their hand . "  They 're making it possible to see what their tactics are , and making it possible for us to develop tactics of our own to go against them , " he said . It is unclear how many people have been killed by American drone strikes around the world , but Sen. Lindsay Graham , R-South Carolina , told an audience Tuesday that it is in the neighborhood of 4,700 people . The Bureau of Investigative Journalism gives a similar estimate . CNN terrorism expert Peter Bergen says that over the course of around 420 drone strikes , some 250 to 370 civilians likely have been killed  plus 200 to 330 unknowns  . The strikes have caused public resentment in targeted countries like Pakistan and Yemen . CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report .	A terrorism analyst says the list has been on the Internet for a couple of years Militants are advised to stay away from parked cars , avoid using cell phones Osama bin Laden warned followers to take precautions against drone strikes
Baby 's first flight took on a whole new meaning when a woman gave birth aboard a Southwest Airlines flight in midair Tuesday morning . According to Southwest officials , the baby was born shortly after Flight 623 's 6:24 a.m. PT takeoff with the assistance of a nurse and doctor onboard . "  It was amazing , " a flight attendant said on a video posted on the airline 's website . "  All the passengers were awesome . Everybody was clapping . " The flight was then diverted to Los Angeles International Airport about 7:30 a.m. . It was originally bound for Phoenix from San Francisco . "  Beautiful day . Smooth . Everything was going great , " Capt. John Gordy said . "  About 50 minutes prior to touchdown , we got a call from the flight attendants in the back . " Gordy said air traffic control guided the plane to Los Angeles , moving flights in front of them to open a clear path . The plane was met by a Los Angeles Fire Department emergency response team upon landing , according to LAX spokeswoman Katherine Alvarado . Mother and child were transported to a local hospital and are "  doing fine , " according to Alvarado . "  LAFD praises an ER RN that assisted the mother in giving birth prior to our arrival , " LAFD spokesman Erik Scott said in a statement . After a two-and-a-half hour delay , the 111 other passengers aboard Flight 623 were able to continue their journey to Phoenix aboard a new aircraft .	A baby was born on a Southwest Airlines flight from San Francisco to Phoenix The plane was diverted to Los Angeles for an emergency landing The baby was delivered safely onboard thanks to fellow passengers , a nurse and a doctor
CNN  -- The death toll from several storms that hit Mexico this week rose to 101 , authorities said late Friday . An additional 68 people are still missing after storms ravaged the area , the nation 's Interior Ministry said . At one point this week , Mexico seemed to be pummeled from all sides by then-Hurricane Manuel and the remnants of Hurricane Ingrid . Some 24 states in the country had been impacted by storm damage , the Interior Ministry said . And the bad news , forecasters say , is that heavy rains could continue through the end of the month . Trapped in Paradise One area battered by rain was the tourist destination of Acapulco on the Pacific coast . Manuel had left about 40,000 tourists stranded in Acapulco . As of Thursday , more than 10,000 were able to board military or commercial flights out of the storm-ravaged area . On Friday , some good news was delivered to trapped tourists . Four ships arrived with 125 tons of groceries and nine tons of medical oxygen , the Interior Ministry said . But it may be some time , officials said , before Acapulco International Airport is fully functional .	68 people are still missing Damage is widespread Thousands were trapped in Acapulco
CNN  -- The Keystone XL pipeline has turned into a poster child for political posturing . While it is merely one of many pipelines crisscrossing North America , this project has become "  red meat " that both sides of the congressional aisle are using to weaken each other in an election season . To make matters more complicated , Canadian public and private-sector officials have jumped into the fray by coming to town to extol the virtues of the pipeline . The battle has become so heated it 's easy to lose sight of the main question on which the fate of the pipeline should rest -- whether the project is in America 's national interest and what are the measurable benefits and costs . The pipeline , as originally proposed , would bring crude oil from the tar sands of northern Canada through the Great Plains to the oil refineries in Texas and Louisiana , primarily for export . Supporters tout that the project would bring much needed jobs . Opponents warn of environmental risks . Unfortunately , the fight over whether to greenlight Keystone XL is creating collateral damage that vastly outweighs the marginal benefit either side will gain from sticking to its current position . Three victims among many deserve special mention : the U.S. transportation bill , U.S.-Canadian relations and America 's strategic interests . The transportation bill , now in its ninth extension , is a critical piece of infrastructure legislation that consolidates more than 100 separate programs into just five major investment categories  for efficiency  and establishes performance standards for these investments  no more "  Bridges to Nowhere "  . It is finally in the last stage of negotiations between the House of Representatives and Senate . While the Senate passed a bill in March in a bipartisan 72-24 vote , the House has only a shell bill to offer , plus its "  non-negotiable " insistence on mandatory approval of Keystone XL . The Senate majority has its own bazooka : a presidential veto if Keystone XL is in the bill . There is a good possibility that a sound , bipartisan bill authorizing a program so important to our future economic growth -- infrastructure -- will be tossed aside for a 10th extension and kicked into a new Congress to start all over from scratch . If this happens , both parties must stand to account in November for the damage done to our economy . America , which in 10 years has fallen from fifth to 23rd place in the quality of its infrastructure compared with its global competitors , will be the loser if the transportation bill becomes a victim of Keystone XL . If the project ca n't be resolved soon , U.S.-Canadian relations could also be compromised . Canada is not only our largest trading partner but also a great friend . Today , Canada supplies the largest share of U.S. oil imports and buys our products with the money we pay them for it . Yet the Canadian government risks becoming a pawn in our domestic political catfight . Keystone XL is being egged on by the fossil fuel lobbyists on both sides of the border who have urged Canada to double down against the initial permit denial and "  turn up the political heat . " In a recent meeting with representatives of the Canadian government , a U.S. oil industry representative argued that Canada should have pulled its ambassador when the Keystone XL permit was initially denied . That 's crazy talk . Yet the Canadians have pushed hard for Keystone approval , bringing in both Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Alberta Premier Alison Redford to praise the pipeline and hosting the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers while in town to brief Congress on the merits of the pipeline . All the pressures aside , the United States needs to pause and think carefully about its national interest . Our future energy balance and supply chain should not be short-stopped by attaching Keystone XL as a nongermane rider to a transportation bill for temporary political gain . Politicians come and go ; nations generally do not . The long-term strategic interests of both Canada and the United States are better served if all parties involved heed the analysis under way in the State Department rather than resort to legislative fiat or a presidential veto . Calmer heads are already working on the details of a better proposal : a new route , improved technology and perhaps cleaner oil . The Canadian government should vigorously and publicly embrace the existing State Department analysis and strongly oppose attaching Keystone XL as a rider to the transportation bill . Canada should not be complicit in rushed , political decisions -- it should play by the rules . Congress should resist the temptation to use Keystone XL as an opportunity for political brinkmanship . Both Democrats and Republicans need to make sure that the real issues are n't lost in the partisan noise of Washington and that we do our best to avoid all the collateral damage . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Burwell .	David Burwell : U.S. needs to think carefully about its national interest in considering pipeline Burwell : Fight over Keystone XL project is creating unnecessary collateral damage He says victims include transportation bill , relations with Canada , U.S. strategic interests Burwell : Congress needs to focus on real issues instead of partisan bickering
CNN  -- Things have never been more exciting in Africa than they are now . The continent 's rising economy and burgeoning tech space is all anyone can talk about . At a recent South by Southwest panel , "  Africa or Bust ! Content , Monetization , Opportunity , " it was made clear that mobile and connectivity is also changing the content game . Reportedly , around 140 million people in Africa have access to the internet , which represents about 13 % of the population . That number is set to explode in the next few years . By 2020 , internet penetration in sub-Saharan Africa is expected to reach 24.7 % . Read also : ` Africa 's tallest building ' set for $ 10 billion tech city For Africans , the internet is not just a way to connect with the rest of the world , or even with friends -- it 's a content enabler . It is also a commerce facilitator . The African consumer is on the rise ; they are hungry for interaction , hungry for e-commerce purchases and they are hungry for content . As a society , Africa is learning what it means to spend money on content delivered via a mobile device and computer screens , especially content that is designed for the continent . Large numbers of devices are shipped into the continent from the United States and Asia annually helping grow this new taste for spending . "  Africans want their own content , content that 's by them and for them ... There is a lot of cool stuff happening in this space , " said Richard Essex , partner in East Africa Capital Partners , quoted in the Financial Times last month . According to a Nielsen report , mobile video is increasingly popular in emerging market regions such as Africa . That report stated : "  Mobile video is particularly prominent in Asia-Pacific and Middle East/African regions , where 74 and 72 % of online consumers , respectively , report watching video on mobile phones at least once a month , and almost 40 %  38 % and 37 % , respectively  say they do so at least once a day . " Africa 's biggest play into online content consumption to date is iROKO Partners , a platform that provides Nigerians in the diaspora with Nollywood films . Dubbed "  Africa 's Netflix , " the company is streaming not just movies but also music through its iRoking music-streaming platform . The success of iROKO has given rise to a new breed of consumer . These are people who 've found that now that content comes to them , they are interested in having access to it . Currently iROKO delivers Nigerian content to the world but what about the rest of Africa ? Read also : ` Netflix of Africa ' brings Nollywood to world Africans in the diaspora are n't exposed to other content from the continent and somehow it seems that the rest of Africa is n't producing the same addictive content as the rest of the world . Southern Africa is catching up and getting ready to begin providing content to Africans in the diaspora . Wabona is a new startup hoping to replicate the success of iROKO by building its own online pay-per-view video streaming service designed to deliver African and international video content to the African Diaspora and Africa as a whole . Content is everything and technology is its biggest enabler . One of the key factors that have been identified about mobile devices is their role in content creation . Focused on local made-for-mobile content , Bozza is a South Africa-based startup that provides an application that offers artists , filmmakers and entrepreneurs a mobile platform through which to distribute their content . According to Bozza , its mission is to connect content and technology in Africa . Its website states that : "  Content drives the uptake of technology ; yet despite the global increase and focus on the value of content , there continues to be a lack of locally generated , contextually relevant content for the African market . " The African consumer gets it as well . Mobile social networks like Mxit and 2Go understand the importance of content . Partnerships are beginning to emerge between the platforms and the content providers . Mxit has created a movie portal that allows its users to watch feature-length pieces in five to six parts . Read also : Mxit : South Africa 's Facebook beater According to former Mxit CEO Alan Knott-Craig , Africans are so hungry for content that those of them that have not previously had access to free content online are more willing and likely to pay for it that those with more access and means . Pushing African content at this moment is a very critical phase in Africa 's rise to join the ongoing tech revolution . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michelle Atagana .	For Africans , the internet is a content enabler , writes Michelle Atagana Africans in the diaspora are underexposed to content from the continent , she says Bozza , iROKO and Wabona are startups distributing African content online
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea said Thursday it will have to consider the North 's motivation in calling for unconditional peace talks before agreeing to them . "  We have always emphasized that sincerity from the North is important in inter-Korean talks and relations . Related ministries are currently reviewing the context and motivations behind the recent proposal , " foreign ministry spokesman Kim Young-sun said in a regular briefing to press members Thursday . On Wednesday , the North Korean government issued a statement saying that the only way to mend the frayed relationship between the two neighbors is to open a dialogue . "  We are ready to meet anyone , anytime and anywhere , letting bygones be bygones , if he or she is willing to hand-in-hand with us , " the statement said . "  Dialogue and negotiations can not be properly conducted nor can they make smooth progress ... when mud-slinging and provocative acts against each other are allowed . " Full coverage of the Koreas conflict In response , the South Korean foreign ministry said Thursday that the north should follow up its words with action . "  I 'm speaking in terms of principles . Given North Korea 's recent provocations , and also the fact that it revealed its uranium enrichment program , going against expectations the international community has for its denuclearization , I 'm simply saying that it 's necessary to assess Pyongyang 's true motivations by looking at specific actions , " the spokesman said . Tensions have been running high between North and South Korea ever since the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan last March , killing 46 sailors . South Korea and the international community blamed the North for the sinking , but Pyongyang has denied the accusations . In November , North Korea said the South 's navy fired into Northern waters and , in retaliation , it shelled Yeonpyeong Island , killing four South Koreans . Since then , the North has called for better ties with South Korea , urging dialogue and cooperation this year , and asking the South to end its military exercises . South Korea 's president said in a televised New Year 's address that North Korea needs to work toward peace with deeds . "  I remind the North that the path toward peace is yet open . The door for dialogue is still open . If the North exhibits sincerity , we have both the will and the plan to drastically enhance economic cooperation together with the international community , " South Korean President Lee Myung-bak said .	S. Korea : "  Sincerity from the North is important . " The North has called for dialogue to mend their frayed relationship Tensions are high between the two neighbors
CNN  -- Late one afternoon in the summer of 2006 , I found myself in a small village in northern Vietnam , sitting around a sooty kitchen fire with a number of local women whose language I did not speak , trying to ask them questions about marriage . For several months already , I had been traveling across Southeast Asia with a man who was soon to become my husband . I suppose the conventional term for such an individual would be "  fiancé , " but neither one of us was very comfortable with that word , so we were n't using it . In fact , neither one of us was very comfortable with this whole idea of matrimony at all . Marriage was not something we had ever planned with each other , nor was it something either of us wanted . Yet providence had interfered with our plans , which was why we were now wandering haphazardly across Vietnam , Thailand , Laos , Cambodia and Indonesia , all the while making urgent -- even desperate -- efforts to return to America and wed. . The man in question had been my lover , my sweetheart , for over two years by then , and in these pages I shall call him Felipe . Felipe is a kind , affectionate Brazilian gentleman , 17 years my senior , whom I 'd met on another journey  an actual planned journey  that I 'd taken around the world a few years earlier in an effort to mend a severely broken heart . Near the end of those travels , I 'd encountered Felipe , who had been living quietly and alone in Bali for years , nursing his own broken heart . What had followed was attraction , then a slow courtship , and then , much to our mutual wonderment , love . Our resistance to marriage , then , had nothing to do with an absence of love . On the contrary , Felipe and I loved each other unreservedly . We were happy to make all sorts of promises to stay together faithfully forever . We had even sworn lifelong fidelity to each other already , although quite privately . The problem was that the two of us were both survivors of bad divorces , and we 'd been so badly gutted by our experiences that the very idea of legal marriage -- with anyone , even with such nice people as each other -- filled us with a heavy sense of dread . As a rule , of course , most divorces are pretty bad  Rebecca West observed that "  getting a divorce is nearly always as cheerful and useful an occupation as breaking very valuable china "  , and our divorces had been no exception . On the mighty cosmic one-to-10 Scale of Divorce Badness  where one equals an amicably executed separation , and 10 equals ... well , an actual execution  , I would probably rate my own divorce as something like a 7.5 . No suicides or homicides had resulted , but aside from that , the rupture had been about as ugly a proceeding as two otherwise well-mannered people could have possibly manifested . And it had dragged on for more than two years . As for Felipe , his first marriage  to an intelligent , professional Australian woman  had ended almost a decade before we 'd met in Bali . His divorce had unfolded graciously enough at the time , but losing his wife  and access to the house and kids and almost two decades of history that came along with her  had inflicted on this good man a lingering legacy of sadness , with special emphases on regret , isolation and economic anxiety . Our experiences , then , had left the two of us taxed , troubled and decidedly suspicious of the joys of holy wedded matrimony . Like anyone who has ever walked through the valley of the shadow of divorce , Felipe and I had each learned firsthand this distressing truth : that every intimacy carries , secreted somewhere below its initial lovely surfaces , the ever-coiled makings of complete catastrophe . We had also learned that marriage is an estate that is very much easier to enter than it is to exit . Unfenced by law , the unmarried lover can quit a bad relationship at any time . But you -- the legally married person who wants to escape doomed love -- may soon discover that a significant portion of your marriage contract belongs to the state , and that it sometimes takes a very long while for the state to grant you your leave . Thus , you can feasibly find yourself trapped for months or even years in a loveless legal bond that has come to feel rather like a burning building . A burning building in which you , my friend , are handcuffed to a radiator somewhere down in the basement , unable to wrench yourself free , while the smoke billows forth and the rafters are collapsing . ... I 'm sorry -- does all this sound unenthusiastic ? I share these unpleasant thoughts only to explain why Felipe and I had made a rather unusual pact with each other , right from the beginning of our love story . We had sworn with all our hearts to never , ever , under any circumstances , marry . We had even promised never to blend together our finances or our worldly assets , in order to avoid the potential nightmare of ever again having to divvy up an explosive personal munitions dump of shared mortgages , deeds , property , bank accounts , kitchen appliances and favorite books . These promises having been duly pledged , the two of us proceeded forth into our carefully partitioned companionship with a real sense of calmness . For just as a sworn engagement can bring to so many other couples a sensation of encircling protection , our vow never to marry had cloaked the two of us in all the emotional security we required in order to try once more at love . And this commitment of ours -- consciously devoid of official commitment -- felt miraculous in its liberation . It felt as though we had found the Northwest Passage of Perfect Intimacy -- something that , as García Márquez wrote , "  resembled love , but without the problems of love . " So that 's what we 'd been doing up until the spring of 2006 : minding our own business , building a delicately divided life together in unfettered contentment . And that is very well how we might have gone on living happily ever after , except for one terribly inconvenient interference . The United States Department of Homeland Security got involved .	Elizabeth Gilbert is the author of "  Eat , Pray , Love , " a huge bestseller New book chronicles her love affair with and marriage to man she met in Indonesia The couple swore not to marry , but was "  sentenced to wed " due to his immigration problems Author decided to get over her fear of marriage by researching the institution
He has seemingly succeeded everywhere he 's landed , but now , with the Ebola crisis on his hands , CDC Director Tom Frieden is being questioned at every turn . Despite his assurances , how did Ebola spread from one patient to another inside the United States ? Are hospitals truly equipped to handle Ebola cases ? Have the proper guidelines for treating patients been established ? Freiden , who has been the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention since 2009 , attended top schools , fought infectious diseases and earned admirers along his rise . But faced with his biggest challenge -- the current Ebola outbreak -- some are questioning if his experience and leadership style are enough to stop the virus from spreading in the United States . His public statements are increasingly being second-guessed , not just by the usual pundits , but by health care workers . If anything , Frieden has been consistent since the epidemic broke out in West Africa , and then eventually spread to the United States . "  Ebola is scary . It 's a deadly disease . But we know how to stop it , " he said last week . Frieden has repeated this line many times : "  We know how to stop Ebola . " But then a Liberian national in Dallas was diagnosed with the virus . And last week , a nurse who cared for that man was confirmed to have Ebola . In his role , Frieden has to thread the needle : acknowledge fear , while appealing for calm . Frieden , described by friends as shy and hardworking , has had success virtually everywhere he 's been . His track record reflects well on him , though he has faced criticism from conservative voices who viewed his efforts to ban smoking and trans fat from restaurants in New York as the creation of a "  nanny state . " The general distrust of government that the political right holds has been on display as the Ebola fight is on . "  Difficult taking anything  the CDC and  Frieden say seriously , " conservative radio host Tammy Bruce said on Twitter , citing low confidence in what she sees as lies or guessing on the issue . After the news that a Dallas nurse had become the first person to contract Ebola inside the United States , the CDC director almost immediately said that a breach of protocol had occurred . The insinuation that maybe the nurse did something wrong brought new criticism against Frieden , this time without a political agenda . The group National Nurses United spoke to reporters after Frieden 's remarks , some holding up signs that said , "  Stop blaming nurses . Stop Ebola . " Zenei Cortez , a nurse and vice president of the group , told CNN 's Jake Tapper that in cases such as this , the nurses always get blamed unfairly . "  And in this particular case , they said it was a breach of protocol . But what was the protocol ? " she said . "  Was it enough that the nurse and the patient is protected ? " "  It 's not enough that they put out guidelines . It has to be fully enforced , " she added . Frieden on Monday said state and federal health officials are re-examining the protocols , including the removal of protective gear after contact with an Ebola patient and if it might be helpful to spray virus-killing solution on workers as they leave an isolation unit . Ebola : Five ways the CDC got it wrong Focus on data In Frieden 's view , data is king . "  The real challenge is -- first and foremost -- basing decision-making on data , " Frieden said . "  You know it sounds wonky and uninteresting , but when it comes down to it , that 's what we want to do . " Reliance on data can ensure that plans work out as they were designed to , he said . New York City Health Commissioner Dr. Mary Bassett , who worked with Frieden when he held that role , said she witnessed Frieden 's faith in the numbers . Frieden began his career at the CDC by working on controlling tuberculosis , and then spent years stamping out the disease in India , as a CDC assignee to the World Health Organization . When Frieden arrived in New York as health commissioner , there were about a thousand cases of TB in the city , Bassett recalled . It was Frieden 's specialty , but he went in a different direction with his resources . "  He did n't say , ` I 'm going to halve the cases of TB , ' " Bassett said . "  He said , ` I 'm going to drive down tobacco use . ' " That was a decision based on data , she said . "  Tobacco was and continues to be a leading preventable cause of death in New York and the country . " Ask Frieden what he considers the high point of his career , and he will refer to the time he spent in India , said Dr. Alfredo Morabia , an epidemiologist and historian who has followed Frieden 's work . The impact of Frieden 's work in India helped about half a million people , so "  that 's not a strange answer from him because he 's very interested in numbers . And he 's going for the largest numbers for the larger impact . " What data has resulted in Frieden 's confidence in the ability to stop Ebola ? Will the recent cases change his calculus ? A listener Frieden has a blog on the CDC website , which mostly consists of news articles and thoughts from the director . The blog is hardly remarkable , but because it allows comments , it is ostensibly one way for the public to put their opinions in front of him . Many of the comments come from people who identify themselves as health care workers , and are not always kind . "  As a registered nurse , I 'm here to tell you that I am losing confidence in your ` expertise ' ! " one commenter wrote . Another person wrote , "  For a guy who is so sure about ` stopping Ebola in its tracks , ' I see the disease spreading . " It 's unlikely that the CDC director will see these comments , but what if he did ? Could these voices of concern influence him ? One thing that Bassett recalled about working with Frieden in New York is that he "  soaks up information from anybody . " "  So , it would n't matter to him how many letters you had behind your name  from  all of your degrees , " Bassett said . "  If you had information that he felt was interesting , if you were driving a bus , sitting at a desk , entering data on a computer -- he wanted to talk to you and find out how that person might perceive things , what their advice might be . " If the director is interested in hearing suggestions , they are piling up from other health care professionals and members of the public interested enough about the Ebola outbreak to post a message on his blog . In his career , Frieden , a graduate of Oberlin and Columbia , has undoubtedly over-achieved and saved thousands of lives . His is a background that inspires confidence , and he has shown that in his messages on Ebola . But there is one caveat about being overly confident . It 's risky .	Dr. Tom Frieden has found success nearly everywhere Now some are questioning his leadership on the Ebola crisis Those who know him say he is confident and data-driven Will the rising tide of criticism shift his views ?
CNN  -- Bayern Munich clinched the Bundesliga title for a record 22nd time thanks to a 3-1 away win over relegated Hertha Berlin on the final day of the German season . Victory for the Bavarian giants -- who led the top division by three points from rivals Schalke going into the game -- came thanks to a 20th-minute opener from Ivica Olic and a second-half brace from star performer Arjen Robben . The Dutchman 's double , scored at 74 and 87 minutes , took the 26-year-old to a tally of 16 goals for the season and put Louis Van Gaal 's men into an unassailable lead , after Gustavo Ramos had leveled for the home side with thirty minutes left of the game . The defeat of bottom-placed Hertha also continues Bayern 's pursuit of an unprecedented treble for a German side . Can Van Gaal triumph over Mourinho ? The newly crowned Bundesliga champions will face Werder Bremen in the final of the domestic cup on May 15 before a showdown with Jose Mourinho 's Inter Milan , in the final of the European Champions League , on May 22 . "  It is important that we won here , " Bayern coach Louis van Gaal told reporters after being drenched in beer by his celebrating players . "  We have the best defence , the best attack and deserved to be crowned Bundesliga champions . It is good that we were victorious to keep the winning rhythm . Tonight , we will celebrate in style , " the 58-year-old added . Bayern finished the campaign on 70 points , five ahead of rivals Schalke , whose title ambitions were cut short with a 0-0 away draw to Mainz thanks to a missed penalty from Miroslav Karhan . Werder Bremen claimed a Champions League spot and a third-place finish with a 1-1 home draw against Hamburg , Ruud van Nistlerooy 's 82nd-minute equalizer canceling-out the opener from Claudio Pizarro . Elsewhere , Bayer Leverkusen -- who drew with Borussia Mochengladbach 1-1 , Borussia Dortmund -- who lost 3-1 to SC Freiburg -- and Stuttgart -- who drew 1-1 with Hoffenheim -- claimed Europa League places finishing fourth , fifth and sixth respectively . Former champions Wolfsburg ended a miserable season by finishing in eighth place , but did manage to end on a win , thanks to a 3-1 victory over Frankfurt . Bochum 's 3-0 home defeat to Hannover left the Rhineland-side consigned to relegation , and sealed a dramatic last-day escape for a Hannover side reeling from the loss of captain Robert Enke , Germany 's number one goalkeeper who committed suicide earlier in the season . Meanwhile , Nuremberg now face a play-off with the third-placed team in the second division to try and avoid the drop after beating Cologne 1-0 .	Bayern Munich clinch the Bundesliga title for a record 22nd time Crowned champions thanks to a 3-1 win over relegated Hertha Berlin Arjen Robben scores a brace to cap a great season with the club Club chasing unprecedented treble of league , domestic cup and European Cup titles
CNN  -- Just as it 's tough to ride 100 miles on my bike without a few good snack or stretch breaks along the way , today 's 24-7 "  always on " world of work makes "  switching off " even more vital than ever to maintain productivity , focus , and energy at work -- and to preserve some form of a life with friends , pets , spouses -- and yourself . The work marathons demanded by this challenging decade need programmatic , regular recharge respites if you 're in it for the long haul . Having flunked retirement twice , I 'm addicted to my work , which I love -- even after 42 years of flat-out entrepreneurship , including these latest two exhausting and exhilarating years writing , publishing , and traveling to lecture about "  Startup Owner 's Manual , " which I co-authored with customer development pioneer Steve Blank . As a 42-year confessed workaholic captured by a nonstop stream of 200-plus daily emails hitting multiple devices , I 've developed  and stolen  dozens of "  turn off " tools and tricks to pull myself away from the info onslaught besieging millions of us worldwide . This "  nonstopitis " disease affects entrepreneurs like me most of all , and I hope to cure the "  disease " before I find myself too busy to attend my own funeral . See also : Do n't let e-mail run your work life My favorite and newest trick decouples brain from electronic communication devices for a few hours at least once or more every single day -- a major life improvement -- just as many did in our parents ' generation , who decoupled simply by leaving the office in the ancient pre-iPhonian era . Another trick : simply ask yourself "  will anything bad really happen between 5pm and 6am if I turn my back on my inboxes completely ? " To save your own life , create your own list of "  tricks " and of rules to impose on yourself . Some of mine that work : • Switch gears : When tired of "  project A , " switch to something else on the list -- easier , different , faster-paced or  gasp  fun . Changing rhythm is restorative and you return to the tougher project fresher in an amazingly short time . • Change chairs and media -- draft that important thing in  gasp  longhand in a club chair or on a sofa . • I sequester all devices in my home office no later than 10pm each night , knowing that friends , daughter , and business partner all know my home phone "  just in case . " But it helps make the day actually end ! • All devices stay in the car when we visit or go out with friends . The break from each is immensely liberating . • "  No device " mealtimes are de rigeur for wife Fran and I , but we 're still working on liberating our daughter and her husband . A glass of wine at dinner  not two  slows me down just enough to return to the keyboard with fresh energy . • A mid-afternoon cigar or swim . Those 15-20 minutes change all the energy and clear the head , like pushing "  restart " on a device . • A 20-minute exercise break , ideally coupled with a five-minute shower  easiest for work  at-home  aholics  . See also : How to cope with too much work My business partner and co-author Steve Blank , a workaholic Silicon Valley legend , imposed this discipline I recommend : "  date night " with his wife Alison . Only rare and urgent business can keep them from their Thursdays . There are few better power tools in my book than exercise in almost any form , especially something like bike riding or skiing -- my two personal favorites -- where it 's near impossible to focus on anything other than the cars or moguls whizzing by . Gym workouts are almost as good , provided you "  zone out " watching CNN or Law and Order reruns , rather than reading work-related stuff . Speaking of reading , I forced myself to read a David Baldacci thriller last week , and remembered why the genre is called "  escape " fiction . Onward to more such escapes . Entrepreneurs consider 60-80-hour workweeks their trademark , it seems . Add 10 hours of breaks to the week to make the other 60-plus more productive . Before you toggle back to your inbox or another web page , make a list of three tricks that will work best for you and try them before the weekend . I guarantee it 'll enhance your productivity and encourage longer lists . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Dorf .	Entrepreneur and workaholic Bob Dorf says "  Switching off " is vital for your work , and private life Try turning your back on your inboxes after 5pm , he advises Dorf saus exercise breaks and gym workouts can help you re-energize
Edward Lee Elmore 's story , which is the focus of the first episode of CNN 's documentary series , "  Death Row Stories , " shows that the capital punishment system does not always get it right . Like Edward , I know this first-hand . I was the first person in the United States to be exonerated from death row because of DNA testing . In 1984 , I was 23 years old , newly married and living in Cambridge , Maryland . I had just served four years in the Marine Corps . I had never been arrested . This all changed on August 9 , 1984 , when the police knocked on my door at 3 a.m. and arrested me for the murder of 9-year-old Dawn Hamilton . In a matter of days I became the most hated man in Maryland . On July 25 , 1984 , Dawn was raped and murdered in Baltimore County . A man approached Dawn and offered to help her find her friend in their game of hide-and-seek . Her body was found in the park later that afternoon . The police were eager to find the girl 's killer and ease the community 's fear . Despite the fact that I did not match witnesses ' descriptions of the man who approached Dawn , an anonymous caller suggested my name to the Cambridge Police Department . There was no physical evidence against me . During the trial , I was convicted primarily on the testimony of five witnesses who were later shown to be terribly mistaken . It took the jury less than three hours to convict me . When they announced my death sentence , the courtroom erupted in applause . Life at the Maryland State Penitentiary can only be described as Hell on Earth . I still have nightmares about it . My cell was directly under the gas chamber . The guards thought it was funny to remind me of that fact . They would describe the entire procedure in detail and laugh at my fate . Fortunately , a second trial reduced my punishment to back-to-back life sentences . I fought to stay safe at the penitentiary and spent long days in the prison library . At the time of my first trial , DNA testing was not a well-understood concept in criminal law . In 1992 , I came across a book about DNA testing used to solve murders in England . My attorney , Bob Morin , submitted a request for the evidence in my case to be tested . The prosecutor almost brought my innocence claim to a halt when she sent a letter with a devastating message : The biological material in my case was inadvertently destroyed . Miraculously , the judge from my second trial had decided to keep some of the physical evidence and store it in his chambers . One day in 1993 I received a phone call from my attorney . The stain lifted from the victim 's underpants did not match my DNA . The DNA told the truth : I was not guilty of this crime . Unfortunately , it would take 10 more years for Dawn 's true killer to be identified . On June 28 , 1993 , I walked out of the Maryland State Penitentiary a free man . My re-entry into society was not easy . When I returned to Cambridge , I had trouble getting a job . I was harassed by my neighbors . The State of Maryland paid me $ 300,000 for lost income during the time I was wrongfully imprisoned , but I lost so much more than money in those eight years . During my 21 years of freedom , I have become one of many exonerees who , with the help of advocacy organizations like Witness to Innocence , travel around the world to share our cautionary tales . Even people acting in good faith can make serious mistakes . Witness misidentification is one of the leading causes of wrongful convictions in the United States . Since 1989 , DNA evidence has been used to exonerate more than 300 individuals in capital and non-capital cases . Approximately 75 % of these cases involved inaccurate or faulty witness identification . I am living proof that America 's system of capital punishment is broken beyond repair . More and more people are realizing this . In a 2013 Gallup poll , support for the death penalty dropped to 60 % , the lowest level in 40 years . Maryland abolished the death penalty in 2013 , the sixth state in six years to do so . Concerns about innocence , unfairness and other issues have led to a dramatic decline in death sentences and executions since the 1990s , according to the Death Penalty Information Center . The death penalty is fading away , but in my view , the end of capital punishment in the United States can not come quickly enough . I am not here because the system worked . I am here -- like Edward Lee Elmore is still here -- because of a series of miracles . Not every person wrongfully convicted of a capital crime is as lucky .	Kirk Bloodsworth : I was first in U.S. sentenced to death row to be exonerated by DNA evidence Witnesses , not physical evidence , tied him to rape , murder Life in prison hell on earth . He found book on DNA testing , lawyer pursued , he was freed Bloodsworth : End capital punishment . I am proof that system is broken beyond repair
CNN  -- The upcoming presidential election will likely hinge on whether voters trust President Obama or Mitt Romney to restore a robust economy . Presidents have less power over the economy than they and most people believe -- Congress , the Fed , and the economy 's inherent dynamics all play major roles -- but the president can lead on key issues and set the tone for economic policy . To understand how the Romney and Obama views differ , consider two issues . The first is how to avoid the so-called "  fiscal cliff . " Under current policy , substantial tax hikes and spending cuts kick in on January 1 , 2013 . The Bush tax cuts , in particular , are scheduled to expire , and both domestic and military spending are scheduled to fall , under the debt ceiling deal of August 2011 . Both candidates view this tightening in fiscal policy as a threat to economic recovery , but they differ on which aspects to modify . Obama wants to continue the Bush tax cuts on middle-class households but let them expire on high-income households . And Obama opposes the automatic spending cuts in general , although most observers suspect he would be open to some cuts in military spending . CNN Money : Tax deduction cap -- how much would it raise and who would pay ? Romney also wants to extend the Bush tax cuts , but for all households rather than just the middle class . In fact , Romney has called for further reductions in tax rates , including those on corporate income . Romney will likely accept cuts to domestic spending while opposing those to the defense budget . Obama , therefore , will use negotiations over the fiscal cliff to push greater redistribution of income and for shifts in expenditure from military to domestic programs ; Romney the reverse . Neither candidate , of course , describes his position in these terms . Obama will paint the debate over tax policy as about fairness , while Romney will say it is about promoting economic growth . Obama will defend domestic expenditure as "  investment " in our future , while Romney will characterize much of it as waste . Regardless , the two have different priorities for taxes and spending . On the tax side , Romney 's position is more convincing . Raising rates on high-income households will generate only modest revenue , and higher rates on dividends and capital gains are bad for growth . Likewise , lower corporate tax rates will boost growth . More broadly , Obama 's focus on redistribution sends a chilling message to entrepreneurs and innovators , and any negative impact on growth makes the debt situation worse . On the budget , neither candidate is sufficiently skeptical of federal spending . Obama errs in believing that federal expenditure is mainly "  investment . " In reality , huge chunks -- such as drug prohibition , the National Endowments for the Arts and Humanities , the Corporation for Public Broadcasting , NASA , earmarks , the Postal Service , Amtrak , foreign aid , agricultural subsidies , the Small Business Administration , along with bridges to nowhere , the Big Dig , and high-speed rail -- are wasteful . Opinion : Romney 's radical economic plan for U.S. Romney makes a similar mistake for military spending . Many defense and national security activities , such as the ongoing war in Afghanistan , provision of national security for nations in Western Europe and other parts of the globe , not to mention unnecessary weapons systems , redundant military bases , and more , are difficult to justify . The second big issue facing Obama or Romney will be taming the growth of Medicare . Both candidates agree that , under current projections , Medicare grows faster than the national 's overall economic output forever , which means Medicare is essentially bankrupt . Romney and Obama disagree , however , on how to fix Medicare . Obama 's approach consists of the Independent Payment Advisory Board , a creation of the Affordable Care Act . The IPAB will have the power to restrict Medicare expenditure , chiefly by controlling health care prices and limiting reimbursement for care deemed unnecessary or not cost-effective . Romney wants to shift most or all future Medicare beneficiaries  those currently 55 and younger  to vouchers . By limiting the rate at which the voucher amount increases over time , this approach can also slow Medicare expenditure . And if competition among insurers makes the health insurance market more efficient , vouchers can reduce spending further . Both approaches , therefore , aim to "  save Medicare , " but in fundamentally different ways : The IPAB relies on government to decide what health care is valuable , while the voucher approach lets individuals make those choices . Of the two , Obama 's has little chance of success , given the failure of similar efforts in the past . Price controls incentivize health care providers to game the system , such as by billing for extra tests , procedures , and medications . This also means that price controls will introduce myriad inefficiencies in the health care system . The Romney voucher approach has more potential , but the devil is in the details . Any voucher system must include enough insurers to generate real competition . And the definition of "  health insurance " must be sufficiently broad that competing insurers can offer policies that genuinely limit costs . In addition , the most obvious way that insurers can lower premiums is by raising co-payments and deductibles . This would be a good outcome , since it would encourage seniors to balance the benefits and costs of health care . Yet this also means seniors would pay more , a fact not often emphasized by advocates of vouchers . Obama 's and Romney 's economic visions differ , therefore , on three fundamental issues : how much government should redistribute income ; what kind of federal spending is worth its costs ; and whether governments or markets allocate resources more efficiently . The choice is not unambiguous , but overall Romney has the better view . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Miron .	Libertarian economist Jeffrey Miron says both candidates ' economic plans have flaws He says Romney 's position on taxes is stronger , higher rates will curb growth Miron says both candidates try to control the unsustainable growth of Medicare He says Obama seeks to use government to curb costs while Romney relies on a voucher plan
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Fertility issues were at the center of former TV chef Juan-Carlos Cruz 's motivation in the alleged murder-for-hire plot to kill his wife , according to sources close to the couple . The former host of the Food Network 's "  Calorie Commando " was charged Monday with attempted murder and solicitation of murder for allegedly trying to hire homeless men to kill his wife . Two sources close the couple , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter , said their 20-year struggle to have a child overwhelmed them . After spending a lot of money on unsuccessful fertility treatments , Cruz 's wife , Jennifer Campbell , was "  very depressed and talked about suicide , " one source said . The sources suggested she may have wanted to end her life but that as a devout Roman Catholic , she believed suicide was a sin . The failure to have a successful pregnancy was "  pretty overwhelming thing in their lives , " the second source said . The source closest to Campbell said she still loves her husband despite his arrest . The source would not comment on whether she was aware of the alleged planning before his arrest . The source closest to Cruz , 48 , said he was "  nothing but a loving and devoted husband . " CNN was unable to talk Cruz or Campbell directly . The prosecution and police would not comment on the case . Cruz , arrested a week ago , remained behind bars pending a $ 2 million bond payment . A preliminary hearing was set for June 23 . The criminal complaint filed Monday accused Cruz of trying to hire David Carrington and David Walters -- homeless men who go by the street names Little Dave and Big Dave -- to murder Campbell . It was not immediately clear who was Little Dave and who was Big Dave . If convicted , Cruz could get life in prison , a prosecution spokeswoman said . Assistant Deputy District Attorney Joseph Marcus would not talk about the case , but the homeless men allegedly solicited to carry out the hit spoke with celebrity news and gossip website TMZ on Saturday . One of them called Cruz "  very meticulous " but "  very cheap " in his planning . The plan fell apart when one of the men whom Cruz allegedly recruited told Santa Monica police , Sgt. Jay Trisler said . Trisler confirmed that the men interviewed by TMZ are the chief witnesses against Cruz . Little Dave told TMZ that he was approached first by Cruz , who asked him to kill his wife for cash , and he told his friend Big Dave . Big Dave said he told a Santa Monica police officer about the plot after he was arrested for loitering . "  We 're very fortunate that we have a relationship and rapport with some of the homeless and that they were able to give us information , " Trisler said . Santa Monica police began their undercover investigation of Cruz on May 7 , Trisler said . Cruz was arrested at a dog park in the Cheviot Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles on Thursday afternoon , he said . Big Dave and Little Dave got a place to stay while the investigation was under way . Santa Monica police put them in a hotel room to keep them out of sight , Big Dave said . "  They gave us two pizzas , a 12-pack of beer and a bottle of San Jose , " he said . "  I love them . " Cruz , a Los Angeles resident , was an overweight pastry chef at the Hotel Bel Air until he changed his focus to promote low-calorie recipes . He wrote "  The Juan-Carlos Cruz Calorie Countdown Cookbook : A 5-Week Eating Strategy for Sustainable Weight Loss , " published in 2007 . The Food Network issued a short statement Monday saying Cruz "  has not been under contract or associated with Food Network for a number of years . "	Sources say inability to have child motivated alleged murder plot Juan-Carlos Cruz is accused of trying to hire homeless men to kill his wife Police say a homeless man came to them with information about Cruz Cruz is former host of Food Network 's "  Calorie Commando "
CNN  -- Pele has denied saying that Manchester City striker Robinho had taken drugs . Pele 's alleged quotes about striker Robinho  above  have caused a sensation in Brazil . The Brazilian legend was quoted as saying that Robinho and former world footballer of the year Ronaldo used recreational drugs at a private party in Sao Paolo . The comments have caused a sensation in Brazil , where Ronaldo is still revered and Pele 's word is taken as gospel , and led to Robinho 's representatives demanding an official retraction . However , Pele insists he said no such thing . "  Robinho is our son and left Santos with our supervision , " he told TV Globo . "  What happened was a misunderstanding because I never said anything like that , they gave him wrong information . "  I know what the people who need to sell newspapers are like . When there 's a story like this you need to ask for the recording to hear what was really said . " Pele 's advisor went into further detail about the exact nature of the misunderstanding . "  There 's nothing to this , Pele never said that Robinho had problems with drugs , " he told Terra.com . "  His answer was distorted . Pele was asked about problems in football , and said that the problems are few compared to other sports . "  He said that in football only Maradona , Ronaldo and Robinho had really had problems , but he never talked about drugs at any moment . "	Pele has denied saying that Manchester City striker Robinho had taken drugs Brazilian legend was quoted as saying Robinho used drugs at a private party However Pele claims that his recent quotes were distorted and misrepresented
CNN  -- Jena Johnson 's profession is not one that people go to college for . It 's also not work that gets easier with time . Her job is to help you die a "  good death . " Her definition of "  good " goes like this : a death in which a person 's wishes for the end of his or her life are respected and carriecd out . No matter what those wishes are . She found herself in this role because of what she perceives as a great need in America to make discussions about death more a part of life . Because no one likes to talk about this stuff . More than a quarter of Americans said they have given no thought or not very much thought to their wishes for dying , a 2013 Pew Research Center survey found . Only a third said they have put their wishes in writing , something that Johnson knows to be vital in the middle of the most excruciating circumstances . From 9 to 5 , in the Portland , Oregon , offices of the end-of-life advocacy group Compassion & Choices , Johnson and her staff field up to 100 calls a day . The number of those calls has swollen after the death last week of Brittany Maynard , who had terminal brain cancer and chose to end her life with a fatal dose of barbiturates at age 29 . Maynard was very public about why she chose to end her life . "  Because the rest of my body is young and healthy , I am likely to physically hang on for a long time even though cancer is eating my mind , " she wrote in a CNN Opinion piece . "  I probably would have suffered in hospice care for weeks or even months . And my family would have had to watch that . "  I did not want this nightmare scenario for my family , so I started researching death with dignity . " Compassion & Choices partnered with Maynard and issued a statement saying that she "  died as she intended -- peacefully in her bedroom , in the arms of her loved ones . " Others choose not to die like that . And that 's OK with Johnson . She 's had people tell her that they have the best benefits in the world , and they want to keep trying everything medically possible until the very end . Johnson , 58 , previously was a mental health counselor and educator and has been an end-of-life consultant for the last seven years . Her goal is to make people aware of their options . She became more keenly aware of how tough things can get when her mother was dying of lung cancer in 1990 . "  We took our cue from her , " Johnson says . "  She had very pronounced ideas of how she wanted to go . " Much of it was generational . Johnson 's mother was from an era when people rarely listened to anything but doctor 's orders . She entered a hospice and in the end , she suffered a great deal . Johnson says that had she known then what she knows now , she might have brought up other options for her mother . "  Most people say , ` I 'm not afraid to die . I am afraid to suffer , ' " she says . "  Or they say , ` I 've had a good life but I do n't want my illness to compromise my loved one 's memories . ' It 's very well thought out for these people . " Johnson has a list of questions she asks her clients , which she prefers to call them rather than patients . Do you have an advance directive ? That 's a legal document that outlines a person 's wishes at the end of life . One of her clients told her that she wanted very much to discuss her choices with her children but they refused to talk about their mom 's death . So her client invited the whole family for Thanksgiving and when they sat down to dinner , each one found her advanced directive sitting on their plates . "  No one eats , " said the client , "  until you 've read this . " Johnson first assesses a client 's situation -- mobility , support system , treatment -- and then continues with tough questions . Do you want to have a feeding tube ? Do you want to be kept on a ventilator ? Do you want chemotherapy ? Do you want to be put into a medical coma if no amount of medication can relieve your pain ? Do you realize that one outcome of a medical coma could be your death ? Are your family members supportive of your wishes ? Sometimes a client will say that one of her children opposes her wish to die on religious or moral grounds . Johnson lets those clients know that they can specify which relatives will have the right to carry out end-of-life decisions . One of her colleagues currently is counseling a client with Lou Gehrig 's disease , also called amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS , which affects nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord . The client 's only way of communication is using one finger to text . His spouse conducts conference calls with their children and with the end-of-life counselor who acts as a subjective third party . Recently , the counselor discovered that the family had put her client on a feeding tube , even though an advanced directive underscored : "  No feeding tube . " "  My colleague asked the very question the family did not want to ask the patient : ` Do you really want this feeding tube ? According to everything you have declared up to this point , you do n't want this . Have you changed your mind ? ' " The client said , "  No . " "  It was a difficult conversation but a necessary one , " Johnson says . "  They all knew what the answer was but it was so hard in their hearts . " Another time , a client called Johnson to say her doctor had recommended radiation . "  Tell me again how old you are , " Johnson said . "  97 , " the client replied . "  Wait . You are 97 and the doctor told you to go through this ? " That 's when she advised her client of other options , though she never tells anyone what they ought to do . "  My job is to educate , to empower , " Johnson says . "  I am glad the conversation has been elevated in the public consciousness . " Brittany Maynard moved with her husband to Portland because Oregon is one of five states that recognize aid in dying as lawful medical practice . Among the 40 other states that are addressing "  assisted suicide , " 38 criminalize it . Johnson takes issue with the term "  assisted suicide . " Many people who commit suicide are physically healthy , she says , while her clients are terminally ill people taking control of their death . Polls show that most Americans support Maynard 's decision and favor a full consideration of end-of-life options . About six in 10 Americans believe people suffering a great deal of pain with no hope of getting better have a moral right to end their lives , according to Pew . That 's up from 55 % in 1990 . And most adults in America said there are at least some situations in which they , personally , would want to halt medical treatment and be allowed to die , according to Pew . But about a third responded that they would tell their doctors to do everything possible to keep them alive . Pew found that personal preferences are linked to religious affiliations . Many people believe that no one but God has the right to make a life or death decision . The Catholic Church , for instance , has guidelines on end-of-life decisions and forbids actions that are considered immoral by the church , including euthanasia and doctor-assisted death . Others believe feeling pain can be spiritually cleansing and redemptive , Johnson says . "  I do n't get this , but some people think suffering is character building and they really want to suffer , " she says . And that , too , can be a good death . Follow CNN 's Moni Basu on Twitter HOW WOULD YOU WISH TO DIE ? Read about families from California to India who were forced , by unlucky fate or divine providence , not only to articulate an answer , but to carry it out .	Jena Johnson works as an end-of-life counselor She wants to make sure people know they have choices at the end of their lives Study : More than a quarter of Americans have given little or no thought about wishes for dying Brittany Maynard 's death has helped spark a national conversation
CNN  -- Iraq agreed to temporarily relocate members of an Iranian opposition group , considered a terrorist organization by the United States , while a U.N. refugee agency begins efforts to resettle the exiles , the United Nations announced on its website Monday . Under the U.N. agreement , Iraq will relocate the residents of Camp Ashraf , also known as New Camp Iraq -- the home of the opposition group Mujahedin-e Khalq , or MEK -- to a temporary camp . There , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees will begin efforts to resettle the group outside of the country , the statement said . The Iraqi government has said it will close the camp by December 31 , and without a U.N. agreement there were no clear assurances the exiles would be protected against attacks by Iraqi forces , or reprisals from neighboring Iran . Iran and the United States consider the MEK a terrorist organization . It has been on the U.S. terrorism list since 1997 because of the killing of six Americans in Iran in the 1970s and an attempted attack against the Iranian mission to the United Nations in 1992 . A memorandum of understanding between the U.N. and Iraq was signed Sunday , the same day that the Iranian exiles claimed in a statement that two rockets struck their camp in northeastern Iraq . "  I want to make it very clear that this memorandum of understanding is about voluntary relocation and its implementation is based firmly on all sides acting peacefully and in good faith , " said Martin Kobler , special representative of the U.N. 's secretary-general and head of the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq  UNAMI  . Kobler , who signed the agreement , also called on member nations to accept the Iranian exiles in to their countries . The agreement includes "  a clear commitment from the Government of Iraq to ensure the safety and security of the residents at the new location , " according to the U.N. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton welcomed the agreement , calling it a viable solution and urged the Iranian group to accept it . "  To be successful , this resettlement must also have the full support of the camp 's residents , and we urge them to work with the U.N. to implement this relocation , " Clinton said in a statement released late Sunday . "  All those who want to see the people at Camp Ashraf safe and secure should work together to see that the agreed upon plan is carried out . " Shahin Gobadi , spokesman for the National Council of Resistance of Iran , the political coalition that includes MEK , said the group was waiting to see an official document from the United Nations regarding Camp Ashraf . "  We hope that it would officially include the minimum assurances so that it would be acceptable to Ashraf residents , " Gobadi said . "  Ashraf residents had repeatedly emphasized that they would in no way accept forcible relocation . " Gobadi said his group welcomed Clinton 's statement . "  But we reject and consider unacceptable anything contrary to her statement , " he said . The agreement also calls for UNHCR to immediately deploy a team to the temporary camp and provide "  around the clock monitoring " of the group until it is resettled outside of Iraq , the U.N. said . Camp Ashraf was established in 1986 after Saddam Hussein invited members of the MEK to relocate to Iraq in an effort to undermine the Iranian government , which was at war with Iraq . Since 2004 , the United States has considered the residents of Camp Ashraf "  noncombatants " and "  protected persons " under the Geneva Conventions , though the group remains on the U.S. terror list . A U.N. commission on refugees has described the residents as "  formal asylum seekers " against persecution by the regime in Iran . The group believes the current regime in Iraq , under orders from Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , has twice staged deadly attacks against the camp that resulted in the deaths of almost 50 people . More than 3,000 exiles , described as Iranian resistance figures and their sympathizers , live at the camp . Under the plan , the Camp Ashraf residents will be moved to a camp near the Baghdad International Airport . The facility will remain open for an unspecified period of time , though a senior U.S. administration official said last week that there were plans to keep it open until all of the camp residents were resettled . CNN 's Azadeh Ansari and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	NEW : A spokesman for the Iran exiles says relocation must be voluntary The U.N.-Iraq agreement "  is based firmly on all sides acting peacefully , " a U.N. official says Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urges acceptance of the agreement Iraq will relocate the Iranian exiles to a temporary camp , the U.N. says
CNN  -- World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki began her latest bid for a first grand slam title with a 6-2 6-1 win over Anastasia Rodionova on Monday , joining last year 's finalists Kim Clijsters and Li Na in the second round of the Australian Open . Top seed Wozniacki looked in good shape as she wrapped up victory against the Russia-born Australian in 76 minutes , but the Dane admitted she was worried about a wrist injury she suffered during last week 's quarterfinal defeat at the Sydney International . "  I was a bit nervous before the match . I did n't know exactly what to expect . But it feels better , " the 21-year-old told the WTA Tour website . "  I 'm very happy about the way I felt out there today . I got into the rhythm as the match went on tonight . " Who will be the 2012 Australian Open victors ? Wozniacki will next play Georgia 's 83rd-ranked Anna Tatishvili , who beat Australia 's Ashleigh Barty 6-2 7-6  7-4  . Former No. 1 Clijsters made a strong start to the defense of her crown with a 7-5 6-1 defeat of Portuguese qualifier Maria Joao Koehler . The Belgian 11th seed , who will play France 's world No. 98 Stephanie Foretz Gacon in the last 64 , showed little sign of the hip injury which forced her out of the Brisbane International 10 days ago . "  I wanted to go out there and I wanted to start playing , " the 28-year-old told the tournament 's official website . "  I 've had that ever since we came to Australia . "  I had a good off-season where we worked obviously to try to be in good shape for Australia , then you want to put that to the test and play those matches again . " Clijsters is on course for a fourth-round rematch with Chinese fifth seed Li , who eased through by beating Kazakhstan 's world No. 40 Ksenia Pervak 6-3 6-1 . Li , who became Asia 's first grand slam singles champion with her French Open triumph last year , struggled to handle the intense heat on court but emerged victorious to set up a clash with Australia 's 168th-ranked 20-year-old Olivia Rogowska . "  I was feeling at end of the first set really hot on the court. , " she said . "  Also I was feeling no air . I could n't breathe . " Third seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus is through after an impressive 6-1 6-0 victory over Heather Watson of Britain in the opening match of the tournament . The victory continued Azarenka 's fine form coming into the tournament , having beaten Li in the final of the Sydney International on Friday . Her next opponent is Australia 's Casey Dellacqua , who beat Serbia 's Bojana Jovanovski 6-3 6-2 . Eighth seed Agnieszka Radwanska , a quarterfinalist in 2011 , came from behind to eliminate American Bethanie Mattek-Sands . The Pole 's reward for a 6-7  10-12  6-4 6-2 success is a match with Argentine qualifier Paula Ormaechea , who claimed the first WTA Tour level match win of her career by beating 50th-ranked Romanian Simona Halep 6-1 3-6 7-5 . Italian 10th seed Francesca Schiavone also booked her place in the next round . The 2010 French Open champion disposed of Spain 's world No. 72 Laura Pous-Tio 6-1 6-3 , and will next play Romina Oprandi . But their compatriot Flavia Pennetta made a shock early exit as the 19th seed lost 6-3 1-6 6-2 against Russian qualifier Nina Bratchikova . China 's 16th seed Peng Shuai is safely through thanks to a 6-3 6-4 win against world No. 120 Aravane Rezai . Peng will next play the Czech Republic 's Iveta Benesova , who beat Rezai 's fellow Frenchwoman Mathilde Johansson 6-3 2-6 6-4 . Former world No. 1 and 13th seed Jelena Jankovic progressed with a 6-2 6-0 demolition of Laura Robson , who was one of five British players to be eliminated in the men 's and women 's draws . American Christina McHale earned a surprise 6-2 6-4 win over Czech 24th seed and 2007 Australian Open quarterfinal Lucie Safarova . Belgian 28th seed Yanina Wickmayer , who won the the Hobart International title last week , lost 7-5 6-2 to Kazakhstan 's 62nd-ranked Galina Voskoboeva . Spanish 26th seed Anabel Medina Garrigues went through 6-3 6-3 against Czech Eva Birnerova , while Slovakian 20th seed Daniela Hantuchova recovering from dropping the opening set to Uzbekistan-born American Varvara Lepchenko to win 4-6 6-3 6-2 . German 22nd seed Julia Gorges also progressed along with Romania 's No. 31 Monica Niculescu and Czech No. 32 Petra Cetkovska .	Top seed Caroline Wozniacki books her place in Australian Open second round Defending champion Kim Clijsters also through , alongside fifth seed Li Na Third seed Victoria Azarenka advances , as does Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska Italian 19th seed Flavia Pennetta beaten by Russian qualifier Nina Bratchikova
Three weeks after four Americans were killed in an attack on the U.S. Consulate in eastern Libya , an FBI team arrived at the site as the investigation continued in other places , too , a Pentagon spokesman said Thursday . "  You should not assume that all we could do or have been doing is restricted solely to Benghazi , " Attorney General Eric Holder told reporters in Washington . "  There are a variety of other places in country and outside the country where relevant things could be done and have been done . This is a matter that 's been under active investigation almost since the time of the incident and I 'm satisfied with the progress that we have made . " Holder said the focus of the Justice Department was "  to solve this matter , to hold people accountable . So that 's what we will do . " Pentagon spokesman George Little said Thursday that a U.S. military support mission accompanied the FBI team , which was in Benghazi "  for a number of hours " before it left the city . "  We have not been sitting around waiting , you know , for information to come to us , " Little said , adding that U.S. investigators were "  actively chasing leads in various ways . " U.S. Special Operations forces were in Libya and nearby countries aiding in the collection of intelligence regarding the assault , a U.S. military official told CNN Thursday . The official declined to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the information . Read more : CNN finds , returns journal belonging to late U.S. ambassador The September 11 consulate attack killed U.S. Ambassador to Libya J. Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . The incident heightened global scrutiny of the North African nation and sparked debate over whether the Obama administration has been forthcoming about the incident . Read more : U.S. gathers information about possible targets in Libya Officials said the military presence was an indication of ongoing security concerns in the region . Security concerns at the site had led the FBI to delay for more than three weeks its visit to Benghazi . FBI and military officials had cited the need for proper military protection in the event of another attack . Little described the security team accompanying the FBI as a "  small footprint of military personnel . " Read more : In revision , U.S. intelligence believes Libya attack a terror assault The visit took place after the Libyans approved the presence of the FBI and the U.S. military in Benghazi . The U.S. military force that provided security was approved by Libyan government , Little said . Kevin Perkins , FBI associate deputy director , told a congressional hearing on September 19 that a "  significant number of FBI agents , analysts and various support employees " had been assigned to the case . "  We are conducting interviews , gathering evidence and trying to sort out the facts , working with our partners both from a criminal standpoint , as well as in the intelligence community , to try to determine exactly what took place on the ground that evening , " he told the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs . Read more : US , Libyan officials meet to assess what went wrong The failure of investigators to visit the site in the immediate aftermath of the attack has raised questions about the integrity of the FBI investigation and concerns that sensitive documents may have been left unsecured . Three days after the attack , CNN Senior Correspondent Arwa Damon discovered Stevens ' journal during a visit to the unguarded , abandoned compound . This week , a Washington Post reporter visiting the site found sensitive documents , including personnel records of Libyans who had been contracted to provide security , emergency evacuation protocols and details of U.S. weapons collection efforts . But a State Department official told CNN that no classified documents had been left on the premises . In the days after the assault , U.S. administration officials offered conflicting assessments as what may have led to the fatal security breach . Officials initially said the violence erupted spontaneously amid a large protest about a privately made video produced in the United States that mocked the Prophet Mohammed . But the U.S. intelligence community revised its assessment , saying it believes it was a planned terrorist assault . The intelligence community now believes it was "  a deliberate and organized terrorist assault carried out by extremists " affiliated with or sympathetic to al Qaeda . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta has said the attack was "  clearly " planned and conducted by terrorists , and that it "  took a while " for there to be information to reach such a conclusion . But a senior U.S. official told CNN that , within a day or so of the attack , the U.S. intelligence community had begun to gather information suggesting it was the work of extremists either affiliated with or inspired by al Qaeda groups . Inside the Benghazi diplomatic mission	Justice Department 's focus is "  to hold people accountable , " Holder says The FBI team arrived Wednesday and worked through Thursday , an official says The FBI visit had been stalled over security concerns The killings in September spawned scrutiny of Libya and a political uproar in the U.S.
CNN  -- Congolese side TP Mazembe Englebert became the first African team to clinch a place in FIFA 's Club World Cup final after a stunning victory over Brazilian giants Internacional . Goals from Mulota Kubangu and Dioko Kaluyituka secured a 2-0 win for Mazembe in Abu Dhabi and handed them a shot at being crowned world champions in Saturday 's final . They become the first team from outside Europe or South America to reach the showpiece final and will face the winners of Wednesday 's clash between Italian and European champions Inter Milan and Asian Champions League holders Seongnam Ilhwa FC , from Korea . Mazembe 's coach , Lamine N'Diaye , told FIFA 's website : "  It 's something special for us . We are here to represent Africa , and all of Africa will be proud of our work . "  We believed in ourselves , we were confident and you could see that when we started attacking , especially at the start of the second half . We were lucky too , and do n't forget that our goalkeeper was excellent -- he was like a magician ! "  We have succeeded and shown that our players are of a high standard . We have achieved a great victory . It 's very good for this team and for the Congolese people , and every African should be proud of this team . " There was no hint of the shock to come in the opening stages of the game at the Mohammed Bin Zayed Stadium as Internacional passed their way round their opponents and created a host of chances . But the Brazilian side , who were crowned world champions after beating Spanish giants Barcelona back in 2006 , could n't find a way past Mazembe goalkeeper Muteba Kidiaba . Kidiaba made superb saves from Rafael Sobis and Indio before Tinga wasted the best chance for Internacional , heading over from seven yards . But the Congolese outfit were a different proposition in the second half and took just eight minutes to find the net . Collecting Amia Ekanga 's pass , Kubangu smashed a perfect volley into the far corner , sparking wild scenes of celebration . Kidiaba was again called upon to deny Sobis just before the hour mark , following it with another brilliant stop as Giuliano bore down on goal . But as Internacional pressed for an equalizer late in the game , Mazembe caught them on the break as Kaluyituka 's 20-yard effort crept inside the post . Internacional 's coach , Celso Roth , said : "  It was time for Africa to reach the final and unfortunately it has been at our expense . There 's no dishonor in that -- African football is improving all the time and I do n't see anything shameful in losing to an African team . We never underestimated them -- they really deserved to be at this stage , they defended very well and took their chances . We had lots of great opportunities but unfortunately their goalkeeper was excellent . "	Congolese side TP Mazembe beat Internacional 2-0 in FIFA Club World Cup semifinal It is the first time an African side has ever reached the prestigious final Goals from Mulota Kubangu and Dioko Kaluyituka secured victory Mazembe will face Inter Milan or Korean side Seongnam Ilhwa FC in Saturday 's final
CNN  -- The Continental Airlines plane that crashed in Clarence Center , New York , late Thursday is one of several major incidents over the past two months . The wreckage of a Continental Airlines 737 sits off a runway at Denver International Airport in December . • On February 12 , Continental Flight 3407 crashed en route to Buffalo , New York , killing 49 people . • On January 27 , Empire Airlines Flight 8284 crashed 300 feet short while on approach to a runway at Lubbock International Airport in Texas . The plane was arriving from Fort Worth , Texas . The aircraft was destroyed by the crash and a post-impact fire . Two crew members suffered minor injuries . • On January 15 , U.S. Airways Flight 1549 ditched in the Hudson River while en route from LaGuardia Airport to Charlotte , North Carolina . All 155 passengers survived , with few injuries . • On December 20 , 2008 , Continental Flight 1404 departed the left side of the runway during takeoff from Denver International Airport in Denver . The flight was en route to George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston , Texas . A total of 38 passengers and crew were taken to hospitals , and five were admitted . There were no fatalities . The airplane was substantially damaged and experienced a post-crash fire , which was located on the right side of the aircraft . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Thursday 's deadly plane crash in Buffalo is part of a spate of recent incidents U.S. Airways Flight 1549 landed in Hudson River on January 15 Continental Flight 1404 slides off runway during takeoff at Denver International Airport
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Rev. Jesse Jackson criticized Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama on Tuesday over his reaction to the arrest of six black juveniles in Jena , Louisiana , on murder charges , accusing the Illinois senator of "  acting like he 's white , " according to a South Carolina newspaper . The Rev. Jesse Jackson speaks to the press Tuesday in Jena , Louisiana . The comments reportedly came during a speech at Benedict College , a historically black college in Columbia , South Carolina . The newspaper reports Jackson later said he did not recall saying Obama is "  acting like he 's white , " but continued to condemn the Illinois Democrat as well as the other presidential candidates for not bringing more attention to this issue . He also said Obama needs to be "  bolder " in his stances if he wants to make inroads in South Carolina . Obama currently trails rival Sen. Hillary Clinton in South Carolina by 18 points , according to a recent LA Times/Bloomberg poll . In a statement released Wednesday afternoon , Obama said his previous statments about the Jena 6 case "  were carefully thought out " with input from his national campaign chairman and Jackson 's son , Rep. Jesse Jackson , Jr. , D-Illinois . "  Outrage over an injustice like the Jena 6 is n't a matter of black and white . It 's a matter of right and wrong , " he said in the statement . Jackson , who ran for president twice in the 1980s , endorsed Obama 's White House bid earlier in the year . Jackson won the South Carolina Democratic primary , where African American voters play an influential role , in both presidential bids . "  If I were a candidate , I 'd be all over Jena , " the prominent civil rights activist said Tuesday in Columbia , South Carolina , the The State newspaper reports . "  Jena is a defining moment , just like Selma was a defining moment . " In a statement released Wednesday , Jackson reaffirmed his support for Obama . "  He has remarkably transcended race , however the impact of Katrina and Jena makes America 's unresolved moral dilemma of race unavoidable , " he said . " I think Jena is another defining moment of the issue of race and the criminal justice system . This issue requires direct and bold leadership . I commend Sen. Obama for speaking out and demanding fairness on this defining issue . Any attempt to dilute my support for Sen. Obama will not succeed . " Tensions had simmered at Jena High School and in the small town for first three months of the 2006 school year after a black student asked the vice principal if he and some friends could sit under an oak tree where white students typically congregated . Told by the vice principal they could sit wherever they pleased , the student and his pals sat under the sprawling branches of the shade tree in the campus courtyard . The next day , students arrived at school to find three nooses hanging from those branches . According to The Town Talk in nearby Alexandria , the school 's principal recommended expulsion for those involved in placing the nooses . Instead , the newspaper reported , a school district committee suspended three white students for three days calling the incident just a "  prank . " On December 4 , several students jumped a white classmate , Justin Barker , knocking him unconscious while stomping and kicking him . The charges against the six blacks -- dubbed the " Jena 6 " -- resulted from that incident . Jackson is slated to be on hand for a march in Jena this Thursday . The Rev. Al Sharpton , Martin Luther King III , and hip-hop artist Mos Def are also expected to be on hand . Obama formally released a statement on the case Friday evening after one of the teen 's charges was thrown out , saying , "  I am pleased that the Louisiana state appeals court recognized that the aggravated battery charge brought in this case was inappropriate . " "  I hope that today 's decision will lead the prosecutor to reconsider the excessive charges brought against all the teenagers in this case , " he added . "  And I hope that the judicial process will move deliberately to ensure that all of the defendants will receive a fair trial and equal justice under the law . " He also said in a separate statement last week , "  When nooses are being hung in high schools in the 21st century , it 's a tragedy . It shows that we still have a lot of work to do as a nation to heal our racial tensions . This is n't just Jena 's problem ; it 's America 's problem . " CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider said Obama is under special pressure because he is the only African-American running for president . But Obama is not of the same generation of black leaders , such as Jackson , who came out of the civil rights moment , Schneider said . "  I think that gives him a special position , " Schneider said . "  He is running on his appeal -- to white voters as well as to African-American voters -- as a uniter . " "  He does n't want to be a divider in this case , " Schneider said . Meanwhile , Obama 's chief rivals for the Democratic nomination , Clinton and former North Carolina Sen. John Edwards , have also recently condemned the Jena case . Sen. Clinton said the controversy surrounding the "  Jena 6 " court case is a "  teachable moment for America . " "  People need to understand that we can not let this kind of inequality and injustice happen anywhere in America , " the Democratic presidential hopeful told the Rev. Al Sharpton when she called into his nationally syndicated radio program Tuesday afternoon . At last Saturday 's NAACP Freedom Fund Dinner in Charleston South Carolina , Clinton said , "  There is no excuse for the way the legal system treated those young people . ... This case reminds us that the scales of justice are seriously out of balance when it comes to charging , sentencing , and punishing African-Americans . " "  It cries out for a full investigation from the Department of Justice 's Civil Rights division . " Edwards released a statement Wednesday morning , saying "  as someone who grew up in the segregated South , I feel a special responsibility to speak out on racial intolerance . Americans of all races are traveling to Jena because they believe that how we respond to the racial tensions in Jena says everything about who we are as a nation . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	The State newspaper : Jackson says Obama "  acting like he 's white " in Jena case Jackson tells The State he does not recall making comment Civil rights leader later applauded Obama for "  speaking out " on issue Obama hopes prosecutor will "  reconsider the excessive charges "
QUEENS , New York  CNN  -- For Victor Guevares , winning a bid at a raucous foreclosure auction two months ago was just the first step toward achieving his dream of home ownership . And after getting through several obstacles along the way , he finally moved his family into the two-story , three-bedroom house in Queens . Victor Guevares , second from right , bought a home at a raucous foreclosure auction two months ago . The auction process is n't as easy as it looks , Guevares said . "  If you 're going to an auction , do your research , " he told CNN . CNN first met the Guevares family in March when he grabbed a home once worth $ 527,000 for less than half that price . Guevares had won an auction at USHomeAuction.com 's foreclosure sale in New York . Banks and other lenders were unloading foreclosed houses , and many were selling at 50 percent to 60 percent below their highest values . Foreclosures skyrocketed in March and the first quarter of 2009 to their highest levels on record as banks lifted moratoria on filings . Foreclosure filings -- which include default papers , auction sale notices and repossessions -- reached 803,489 in the first quarter , according to a recent report by RealtyTrac , an online marketer of foreclosed properties . Watch Victor Guevares give a quick tour of his new home " That is a 24 percent jump over a year earlier and a 9 percent increase compared to the previous quarter . Of those first-quarter filings , 341,180 happened in March , a 17 percent increase from February and a 46 percent jump from March 2008 . Sitting with his stomach in knots on that March 8 afternoon , Guevares made the opening bid and kept pace until they passed $ 100,000 , then $ 200,000 . Looking shell-shocked , Guevares ended up with the winning bid : $ 230,000 . But he soon realized there was much more to it , after plunking down $ 7,000 in auction fees and another $ 5,000 required from every bidder . And still , he could n't immediately lock in a mortgage at the auction as he had hoped because records showed the home faced a possible code violation . "  I had a problem , " Guevares said . An inspection cleared that hurdle , and closing day ended happily with Guevares holding the deed to his first house . But he was n't through yet . Guevares , a married father of two , wanted to have his family moved in by the end of May -- and had his work cut out , since the home was split into two apartments . He broke down a wall , opened up a staircase , put in new floors , repainted and created a sunroom . All that work brought his cost to roughly $ 280,000 -- about $ 20,000 less than the estimated value of the home , he said . Guevares spent the past 12 years renting and trying to save for his first home , and believes he came out ahead with the auction win . "  I got a great deal on the house . My mortgage is $ 300 less than what I paid in rent , " he said . The backyard is filled with garbage bags filled with debris , but the family was able to move in last week . Guevares ' son , 8-year-old Devin , is reveling in his bright green room that has a window to peek out into his yard -- and the neighbor 's . "  They have a dog named Rocky , just the same as the dog we have , " he said . Another perk : no more worrying about being quiet as he did at their apartment . "  I can just scream , " said Devin .	Victor Guevares won bid at a raucous foreclosure auction two months ago The auction process is n't as easy as it looks , Guevares says Guevares spent 12 years renting as he saved for first home "  My mortgage is $ 300 less than what I paid in rent , " says Guevares
CNN  -- Diego Maradona 's Argentina side have suffered their worst-ever World Cup defeat -- and heaviest loss in over 60 years -- going down 6-1 to Bolivia at La Paz 's high-altitude Hernando Siles ' stadium . Bolivia players celebrate another goal as they humiliated Argentina 6-1 in La Paz . Marcelo Martins opened the scoring for the hosts in the 12th minute but Argentina levelled 13 minutes later when a long-range shot from Luiz Gonzalez bounced in after deceiving goalkeeper Carlos Arias . Joaquin Botero , who helped himself to a hat-trick , netted his first in the 34th minute from the penalty spot and Alex Da Rosa added a third just before the interval . Botero headed home the fourth five minutes into the second-half , before Argentina 's night got even worse when they had substitute Angel Di Maria sent off . Botero celebrated his treble soon after Di Maria 's dismissal and Didi Torrico completed the rout from long range with three minutes remaining . The last time Argentina have lost by a five-goal margin was 5-0 to Colombia in 1993 and the home media made their feelings about the result perfectly clear . "  A historic humiliation , " said sports newspaper Ole on its Web site , adding : "  This is our worst defeat in the qualifiers . What now . ? " The result leaves Argentina in the fourth and final South American World Cup qualification place , five points behind leaders Paraguay , who scored an injury-time equalizer to draw 1-1 in Ecuador . Meanwhile , Brazil are up to second in the table , two points behind Paraguay , after a comfortable 3-0 home victory over Peru at Porto Alegre . Luis Fabiano scored twice with Felipe Melo adding the other goal . Chile are third in the table after a 0-0 home draw with Uruguay , who lie in the play-off fifth position .	Argentina crushed 6-1 by Bolivia in their heaviest defeat for more than 60 years Joaquin Botero scores a hat-trick for the hosts in match played at high altitude Brazil up to second place in South American qualifying after 3-0 win over Peru
Washington  CNN  -- Three days after embattled Nuclear Regulatory Commission Chairman Gregory Jaczko announced his resignation , the White House announced President Barack Obama intends to nominate Allison Macfarlane , a professor at George Mason University , to the agency 's top post . "  The President has made clear that we need a strong NRC , and he believes Allison Macfarlane is the right person to lead the Commission , " White House spokesman Clark Stevens said in a statement . "  Dr. Macfarlane is a highly regarded expert who was a member of the President 's Blue Ribbon Commission on America 's Nuclear Future , and has spent years analyzing nuclear issues while at George Mason University , Harvard University as well as at MIT , " Stevens said . She received her doctorate degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and served fellowships at Stanford and Harvard universities during her academic career . Much of Macfarlane 's university research has included nuclear energy , and specifically the back-end nuclear fuel cycle , or nuclear waste , according to her George Mason biography . Macfarlane 's expertise in nuclear waste disposal and her criticism of plans to dispose nuclear waste at the Yucca Mountain Nuclear Repository in Nevada makes her nomination a more popular choice with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . The Yucca Mountain site has long been a political lightening rod for the Nevada senator . In her book , "  Uncertainty Underground : Yucca Mountain and the Nation 's High-Level Nuclear Waste , " Macfarlane claims , "  although geologic repositories are the best solution to the nuclear waste problem , there are substantial uncertainties in projecting the performance of a geologic repository far into the future . " After the White House 's announcement , Reid gave Macfarlane a ringing endorsement . "  I am confident that like her predecessor , Dr. Allison Macfarlane will make preserving the safety and security of American citizens her top priority . " Reid called Macfarlane "  eminently qualified " to lead the NRC for the foreseeable future . Thursday 's announcement did n't sit well with House Republicans , who said the politics of Yucca Mountain weighed too heavily in the decision . "  Macfarlane 's selection reveals that President Obama and Harry Reid have a Yucca Mountain litmus test for any prospective nuclear chief . As we continue overseeing the agency and its leadership , our litmus test will be their adherence to the law -- including the law on Yucca Mountain , " Republican members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee said in a statement . In his resignation announcement Monday , Jaczko said he intended to stay on until a successor is confirmed by the Senate , a message he echoed during a press conference on Wednesday in North Carolina . The quick move to nominate Jaczko 's successor could be a signal the White House hopes to move beyond the controversy that has surrounded his tenure as the agency 's chairman . Jaczko , a former top aide to Reid , has been under fire after complaints from Democrats and Republicans on the commission about his management style surfaced last year . Last month , Jaczko denied allegations that he targeted women and created a hostile work environment . The accusations came amid a political fight between Congress and the White House over who should serve on the five-member commission that oversees the nation 's nuclear industry regulation . Jaczko served on the panel for almost eight years , including three as chairman . He was nominated for the NRC 's top spot by President Obama in 2009 . In a statement to CNN , Jaczko said , "  I have known Allison Macfarlane for a long time , and I think she is well-qualified to carry on my strong focus on the vital public health and safety mission of the NRC . " Macfarlane 's nomination now heads to the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , which oversees the NRC , in June . If approved by the committee Macfarlane 's nomination would then go before the full Senate for confirmation . CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report	President Barack Obama intends to nominate Allison Macfarlane as NRC chief Macfarlane is a professor at George Mason University Gregory Jaczko announced his resignation as NRC chairman this week Jaczko has been under fire since complaints about his management style surfaced
CNN  -- There 's learning to read , and then there 's loving to read . As the end of the school year approaches , parents are stockpiling ideas to keep their children on top of those long summer reading lists . But how ? Bestselling novelist and renowned nonfiction writer Anna Quindlen raised three avid readers who are also a big part of her work . Her eldest son , Quin Krovatin , now 29 , helped research and write her 2004 travelogue , "  Imagined London , " and her fun and foibles as a parent found their way into her other writing , without exposing too many details about them .  "  Books and columns come and go , but your kids are there forever , " she said . Quindlen recently took some time on her tour to promote her new novel , "  Still Life with Bread Crumbs , " to offer some guidance on raising kids who are passionate about reading . It 's never too early to read to children -- and do n't stop Quindlen and her husband , Gerald Krovatin , started reading to their three kids from the start . "  We read to them from the time they were very little , " she said . When Quin was 5 , he showed his mother just how much the reading message hit home . "  I took him for a school interview , which is a horrid rite of passage in Manhattan . And the interviewer came out and said , ` And how long has he been reading ? ' And I said , ` Oh he ca n't read . He 's only in kindergarten . ' And she said , ` No , he reads . ' I thought , ` Oh I 'm the world 's worst mother . ' " She laughed , and continued : "  I said , ` Quin ? You can read ? ' He sort of shook his head . And I said , ` Why did n't you tell me ? ' And he said , ` Because I was afraid you would n't read to me anymore . ' "  So I told him then that I would read to him forever . " Just because your children can read , does n't mean they do n't want to share books with their parents . Sharing "  Harry Potter " with your children can be even more fun than reading it alone the first time . Make reading the reward Once kids can read by themselves , present books as a treat , rather than a task . Even if their teachers ask them to read at home for 20 minutes a day after school , urge your children to read for an hour or more -- by choice . " ` All right , if you 're good tonight , you can read for a half an hour after you get into bed . ' If you make reading seem like castor oil , it 's no surprise that your kids wo n't want to do it . If you make it seem like chocolate pudding and a milkshake combined , they will be thrilled to do it , " Quindlen said . Be a model reader The more you read yourself , the more children will yearn to read often , too . Fill your home with books , whether on tablets or tables , and make sure your kids see you reading , and enjoying it . Quindlen said her three children grew up seeing their mother behind a book so often that they might ask : " ` What does mom 's face look like when there 's not a book in front of it ? Does anyone remember ? ' " Be the reader you want your children to become . Match books to children 's interests ... Take advantage of the wide range of books for children . Quindlen advises , "  If you have a boy who is an indefatigable jock , do n't give him ' A Tree Grows in Brooklyn . ' That 's not his book . Give him Jane Leavy 's biography of Sandy Koufax . Or give him some great young adult novel about a baseball team . Once you know who your kids are , you 've got to pick out the books that are right for them . " Other reading experts agree that getting children excited about reading involves knowing them well , and choosing books that cater to their interests . "  One of the best ways to inspire children to read is to help them find books that speak to them as individuals , so that reading is n't this isolated , fraught activity that they do at school , " says Victoria Ford Smith , an assistant professor at the University of Connecticut who specializes in children 's literature . "  It 's an infinitely fertile field to be in . " Ford teaches Roald Dahl 's books to undergraduates at the University of Connecticut , and cites the author who wrote "  Charlie and the Chocolate Factory " , "  Matilda , " and many others as one of her favorites . For children who are accustomed to having adults make all of the decisions about their lives , Dahl 's stories are a refreshing escape . "  He really turns the tables on who has the power in his books , " she said . "  Usually it 's children who are powerful , and adults who are ridiculous . " Try something different for parents and kids From Dahl , to Sendak , to Dr. Seuss and others , young readers are spoiled for choice . There 's a reason why Dr. Seuss in particular gets a nationwide celebration -- or Seussibration , for those in the know -- on his birthday , March 2 : He created a niche with his wacky characters , and accessible writing style . "  It 's a really simple vocabulary ; it 's easy to begin to read , if you 're a beginning reader , but  the books  still have a really great sense of humor , " said Madigan McGillicuddy , a children 's librarian in Atlanta . "  There is so much packed in there that builds a lifetime love of reading . " Children 's books have come a long way since the days of "  Dick and Jane , " which seem a bit stilted next to what 's on today 's bookshelves . Now , most children 's books have intricate illustrations , and wildly imaginative plots . "  What mostly attracts me to children 's literature is how complex it is , " Ford said . "  We often have a misconception that children 's literature is literature for adults with simpler language , and happy endings . " Really , children 's literature brings their fears and frustrations to life . Ford cited Maurice Sendak 's "  Where the Wild Things Are , " about a boy who gets sent to bed without his supper , but can imagine a world where he rules a land of wild giants . For parents , revisiting favorite stories from their own childhoods can engage them in reading along with their kids , and inspire them to beg for the next book . As Quindlen said , "  I made it seem like reading was the greatest thing since sliced bread because that 's how I feel . " By the end of the summer , parents and kids who follow her advice might feel the same way . Which books made you want to read more as a child ? Share your favorites in the comments , on Twitter @CNNschools or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	Want to raise a reader ? Be the reader you want your children to be , experts say Anna Quindlen 's son pretended he could n't read so his mother would keep reading to him Quindlen : Make reading a reward , "  like chocolate pudding and a milkshake combined " Children 's literature experts love Roald Dahl , Dr. Seuss and Maurice Sendak
Miami , Florida  CNN  Sen. Marco Rubio is on track to run for president if he decides to jump in the race , an aide tells CNN . A presidential bid is n't the definite next move for the senator , who 's also up for reelection in 2016 and has said he 'll only run for one office â $ " but for many of his donors and supporters attending his two-day summit in Miami , it 's the obvious one . Attendees were given the impression by Rubio and his aides that while the senator has n't made a decision yet , he has prepared the funding and staffing infrastructure to go all in . And speaking to some audience members who were listening , the pitch worked . "  I 'm very taken with him , " said Anthony Gioia , an ambassador under George W. Bush and a major GOP fundraiser who supported Mitt Romney in 2012 . Convincing his financial backers that he has the campaign organization to launch a 2016 bid at a moment 's notice is important as Rubio 's would-be primary challengers have been more public and direct about their intentions for weeks now . While the freshman Florida senator gathered donors and staff at the posh Delano hotel , at least 10 Republican hopefuls were addressing potential Iowa caucus-goers and former governors Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney criss-crossed the country meeting with voters and Republican officials . Back in Miami , Gioia said that while he has n't decided who to support in the GOP primary , he was impressed by Rubio 's command of the foreign policy challenges facing the nation and , in particular , the senator 's charisma and compelling personal story . "  He 's extremely articulate , " Gioia said . "  Someone who 's going to be president has to be able to lead . And you have to be articulate to be able to lead . " Gioia was one of nearly 300 donors and supporters gathered at the hotel on Friday night and Saturday morning for the senator 's annual "  Team Rubio " meeting . Attendees included Al Cardenas , former chairman of the American Conservative Union and a supporter of both Rubio and Jeb Bush ; Dirk Van Dongen , chair of Rubio 's D.C. steering committee ; Matt Keelen , a major Rubio donor , and Geoff Verhoff , a D.C. lobbyist and a member of Rubio 's D.C. steering committee . Rubio spent nearly three hours Friday night chatting individually with attendees , telling jokes and stories with them on the candlelit patio after guests enjoyed a buffet dinner and open bar . Over a breakfast buffet Saturday morning , Rubio told the group about his thinking as he contemplates a presidential run . He 's huddling with a few dozen of his top fundraisers and aides over lunch to strategize for his future , and has a more casual dinner planned Saturday night with a small circle to continue the conversation . According to multiple attendees at the breakfast briefing , Rubio said he 'd make the decision sooner rather than later , as he wants to give Republicans in the state enough time to front a strong candidate to defend his seat if he does decide to go for the White House . Terry Sullivan , Rubio 's former chief of staff who now runs his PAC , also gave a powerpoint presentation to the group outlining the senator 's midterm efforts and successes , introducing the attendees to the new Republicans their money helped elect in 2014 . Aides caution that Rubio has n't made up his mind yet , and that these preparations will be just as useful for a Senate campaign if he decides to run for reelection . Florida Republicans are expecting to face a fierce battle with Democrats to hold onto the seat regardless of who they run , because it 's both a top pickup opportunity for Democrats hoping to take back the Senate , and a key swing state in the electoral college calculus . Cardenas predicted the Senate fight alone could top $ 100 million . "  Florida 's going to be the number one state in a presidential election and in the U.S. Senate election , and whether you 're running for reelection in the Senate in a race that could cost 100 million , or you 're running for president , you need an incredible effort just for the reelection , " he said . "  So if you do n't start working on that now , you 're not going to be able to amass the resources you need . " Rubio 's well on track to amass those resources . The senator had a record January fundraising haul , beating all of his goals , according to an aide . And he 's on track to surpass his February goals as well , with fundraising trips to Chicago and Texas planned for next month . He recently brought on Anna Rogers , the top fundraiser for major GOP spending group American Crossroads , as his finance director , though his current finance director , Dorinda Moss , will still be active in the team 's fundraising efforts . Still , many in the party remain skeptical of a first-term senator who 's still haunted , in some conservative circles , by his role in negotiating the failed Senate immigration reform bill in 2013 . That which both lost him support within the conservative wing in the party and raised questions about his ability to effectively govern . He was one of a handful of potential 2016 contenders who skipped out on a conservative gathering hosted by Iowa GOP Rep. Steve King this weekend â $ " a snub that did not go unnoticed by King , who told the crowd he believed the country 's next president was one of the speakers at the confab . But Rubio 's own team does n't believe immigration will be an issue for him in the race , if he runs . They note the senator 's got strong credentials on nearly every other key conservative issue , including gun control and abortion , and see the immigration snafu as a mulligan of sorts that conservatives could forgive . And his supporters believe he 's got the charisma and compelling personal story that many other potential contenders lack . Gioia , who 's hosted fundraising dinners at his home that have netted candidates upwards of a million dollars , said he has yet to decide which Republican to support . But between Rubio and Bush , the younger senator may have won his heart . "  I 'm certainly leaning very heavily towards Marco , or possibly Jeb â $ " but I really like Marco . He 's a really talented guy , " Gioia said . "  He 's got a good inner self too . He 's comfortable in his own skin , " he added .	Marco Rubio has the campaign organization ready to run for president , an aide tells CNN He told supporters at a two-day meeting in Miami he plans to decide sooner rather than later Aides say they 're not concerned about his role in the immigration reform effort in 2013
CNN  -- Scientifically , can happiness be an advantage ? Some people think if you are happy , you are blind to reality . But when we research it , happiness actually raises every single business and educational outcome for the brain . How did we miss this ? Why do we have these societal misconceptions about happiness ? Because we assumed you were average . When we study people , scientists are often interested in what the average is . If we study what is merely average , we will remain merely average . Many people think happiness is genetic . That 's only half the story , because the average person does not fight their genes . When we stop studying the average and begin researching positive outliers -- people who are above average for a positive dimension like optimism or intelligence -- a wildly different picture emerges . Our daily decisions and habits have a huge impact upon both our levels of happiness and success . Watch Shawn Achor 's TED video to hear about this research Scientifically , happiness is a choice . It is a choice about where your single processor brain will devote its finite resources as you process the world . If you scan for the negative first , your brain literally has no resources left over to see the things you are grateful for or the meaning embedded in your work . But if you scan the world for the positive , you start to reap an amazing advantage . See also : When losing your job is a positive Now that there is research validity to these claims , the working world is starting to take notice . In January , I wrote the cover story for the Harvard Business Review magazine on "  Happiness Leads to Profits . " Based on my article called "  Positive Intelligence " and my research in The Happiness Advantage , I outlined our researched conclusion : the single greatest advantage in the modern economy is a happy and engaged workforce . A decade of research in the business world proves that happiness raises nearly every business and educational outcome : raising sales by 37 % , productivity by 31 % , and accuracy on tasks by 19 % , as well as a myriad of health and quality-of-life improvements . Given the unprecedented level of unhappiness at companies and the direct link between happiness and business outcomes , the question is NOT whether happiness should matter to companies . Given this research , it clearly should . The first question is : What can I do in my own life to reap the advantage of happiness ? See also : Ambition could make you rich , but not happy Training your brain to be positive at work is just like training your muscles at the gym . Sounds simple , right ? Well , think about how easy it is to make yourself go to the gym . The key with any new resolution is to make it a habit . New research on neuroplasticity -- the ability of the brain to change even as an adult -- reveals that moderate actions can rewire the brain as you create "  life habits . " In The Happiness Advantage , I challenge readers to do one brief positive exercise every day for 21 days . Only through behavioral change can information become transformation . • Write down three new things you are grateful for each day ; • Write for two minutes a day describing one positive experience you had over the past 24 hours ; • Exercise for 10 minutes a day ; • Meditate for two minutes , focusing on your breath going in and out ; • Write one quick email first thing in the morning thanking or praising someone in your social support network  family member , friend , old teacher  . But does it work ? In the midst of the worst tax season in history I did a three-hour intervention at auditing and tax accounting firm KPMG , describing how to reap the happiness advantage by creating one of these positive habits . Four months later , there was a 24 % improvement in job and life satisfaction . Not only is change possible , this is one of the first long-term ROI  return on investment  studies proving that happiness leads to long-term quantifiable positive change . In a study I performed on 1,600 Harvard students in 2007 , I found that there was a 0.7 correlation between perceived social support and happiness . This is higher than the connection between smoking and cancer . So if in the modern world we give up our social networks to work away from friends and follow celebrities on Twitter , we are trading off with our happiness and health . Following up , I switched around the questions and asked how much social support employees provided  instead of received  . The results were off the charts . Those high on provision of social support are 10 times more engaged at work and have a 40 % higher likelihood of promotion over the next four years . In other words , giving at the office gets you more than receiving . The greatest cultural myth in modern society is that we can not change . My research proves that you can not only become more positive , but if you prioritize happiness in the present , you can reap an extraordinary advantage . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shawn Achor .	The greatest advantage in the economy is a happy workforce , argues Shawn Achor Achor says if you scan the world for the positive , you start to reap an advantage He explains how to train your brain to be positive at work
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Grammy-winning rapper Coolio was arrested at Los Angeles International Airport on Friday on suspicion of possessing illegal drugs and drug paraphernalia , according to a spokeswoman for the airport . Coolio 's "  Gangsta 's Paradise " was used in the movie "  Dangerous Minds . " Coolio , whose real name is Artis Leon Ivey Jr. , was taken to the Van Nuys Division station for booking , the spokeswoman said . A source at the airport 's public relations division confirmed the arrest but declined to be named . Coolio is best known for his 1995 hip-hop hit "  Gangsta 's Paradise . " Efforts to reach his publicist were unsuccessful .	Grammy winner held at Los Angeles International Airport He is accused of possessing illegal drugs , paraphernalia His best-known hit is "  Gangsta 's Paradise "
CNN  -- The sagging economy is taking a bite out of federal school-meal subsidies as more students take advantage of free or low-price breakfasts and lunches , nutritionists say in a report released Thursday . About 425,000 more students are participating in the National School Lunch Program , a group reports . The School Nutrition Association surveyed more than 130 school nutrition directors from 38 states to produce its report , "  Saved by the Lunch Bell : As Economy Sinks , School Nutrition Program Participation Rises . " The nonprofit organization said that about 425,000 more students are participating in the National School Lunch Program and the School Breakfast Program in 2008-09 than in the previous school year . That represents an average increase of 2.5 percent from 2007-08 , the report says . These numbers hold true despite a slight decline in the number of students enrolled in public schools this school year , according to the study . More than three-quarters of the districts surveyed reported a rise in the number of students eating free meals under the U.S. Department of Agriculture program , the report says . Many of the school district employees who monitor the food programs complain that the federal subsidies fall far short of the rising costs . According to the association , the estimated average cost to prepare a school meal is $ 2.90 , but the federal reimbursement is $ 2.57 . School lunch programs are experiencing a potential loss of at least $ 4.5 million per school day , based on 30 million school lunches provided , the group says . The good news , according to association President Katie Wilson , is that "  this year , when hunger is more common , more students are able to eat a balanced , nutritious meal at school . " Meals served under the USDA programs must meet nutrition guidelines based on the Dietary Guidelines for Americans . For lunches , that means no more than 30 percent of calories can come from fat and fewer than 10 percent from saturated fat .	Number of students eating subsidized meals rises 2.5 percent , nonprofit says Use of USDA programs rises even as enrollment falls , report notes Schools complain that USDA does n't cover full cost of meals School Nutrition Association surveyed 130 school food directors in 38 states
CNN  President Abraham Lincoln never lost his ardor for the United States to remain united during the Civil War . In his Second Inaugural address he attempted to salve the nation with an eloquent summation of his philosophy and plans for putting it into practice . "  With malice toward none , with charity for all , with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right , " he orated , "  let us strive on to finish the work we are in to bind up the nations ' wounds , to care for him who shall have borne the battle for his widow and his orphan , to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations . " The spirit of Lincoln 's second inaugural was self-evident on April 9 , 1865 -- 150 years ago -- when Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28,000 troops to Union General Ulysses S. Grant at Appomattox Courthouse  McLean House  in Virginia . Over 600,000 Americans -- Northerners and Southerners alike -- had perished in the bloody Civil War . But the carnage was now about to end . The historic meeting between Grant and Lee began with pleasantries about the weather and their mutual service in the Mexican War . The good fellowship was palpable . Lee , in fact , had to abruptly remind the chatty Grant about the diplomatic business at hand . After all , they were at Appomattox Courthouse to hash out terms of surrender . Grant purposely ended up being generous to Confederate soldiers . They would be paroled , not condemned to prison camps . Rebel officers were even allowed to maintain their sidearms . Personal property of Southerners would now be respected . Even rations were provided by Grant for Lee 's hungry soldiers . It was Palm Sunday and in the spirit of Christian reconciliation Grant ordered that no celebration occur within Union Army ranks . "  The Confederates were now our prisoners , " Grant wrote , "  and we did not want to exult over their downfall . " The myth-making about Appomattox started from the moment Lee left the courthouse on his horse to travel to Richmond . Surrendering had n't been easy for Lee . Sullen from defeat , his own family property in Arlington had been confiscated by Union forces  converted into a Union cemetery with lines of white crosses on the lawn  . All 11,000 acres of his Virginia land holdings had been stripped from him by the U.S. government . With no real home , Lee rode to Richmond , depressed and destitute , rendezvousing with his sick wife Mary Curtis Lee at a spare apartment . Remarkably , the stoic Lee did n't express bitterness in public . When news reached Lee that Lincoln had been murdered , in fact , he was distraught , calling it "  a crime " that was "  unexampled " and "  deplorable . " Although much remained unresolved between the victors and vanquished , the little courthouse became a symbol of unity , just like the "  Star Spangled Banner " from the War of 1812 . One post-Appomattox story that has long interested me was that of Littleberry Walker . After being present at Lee 's dramatic surrender at Appomattox , Walker , a battle-fatigued Confederate , laid down his rifle and journeyed back to red-clay , Georgia , traveling mainly on foot , passing ragged clusters of Rebel amputees , many hobbling on bayonet crutches , others with arms or heads swathed in bandages and all heading in the same direction : home . Upon arriving in Atlanta , a weary Walker found the Confederate railroad-city smoldered in ruin , the handiwork of Gen. William T. Sherman 's "  scorched earth policy . "  One-hundred-twenty years later , Walker 's great-grandson , 39th President Jimmy Carter , would construct his Carter Center , an NGO dedicated to diplomatically resolving global conflicts , on the very hilltop overlooking Atlanta on which Gen. Sherman once stood . Upon leaving Atlanta , Walker continued walking south , anxious for his kinfolk . Unfortunately , he returned to Sumter County only to learn that his father had died and that the family farm was teetering on the brink of bankruptcy . One suspects Inman , the main character of novelist Charles Frazier 's "  Cold Mountain , " spoke for the battle-hardened Civil War veterans like Walker , when he lamented that , "  What you have lost will not be returned to you . It will always be lost . You 're left with only your scars to mark the void . All you can do is go on or not . But if you go on , it 's knowing you carry scars with you . " As we reflect on the sesquicentennial of Lee 's surrender at that forlorn Virginia courthouse , today marvelously maintained by the National Park Service , we recognize that the scars of the Civil War are still with us . The Mason-Dixon Line divide still exists . Almost all the old Confederate States are now considered "  Red "  Republican  , while the Union States are "  blue "  Democrat  -- a residual variation of Big Federal Government versus States ' Rights paradigm of the Civil War era . While the old spiritual "  Slavery Chain Done Broke at Last " was sung by blacks in the hours following the Appomattox surrender , racism sadly continues to be a crippling national scourge . While there no longer are beatings in Congress  like in 1856 when Preston Brooks of South Carolina caned Charles Sumner of Massachusetts on the Congressional floor  the gridlock on Capital Hill in 2015 , the inability to get anything done , is similarly cold-cocking the spirit of our participatory democracy . All American eyes should be fixated on Appomattox today . The McLean house is our collective sanctuary of national healing . As a public place , the McLean parlor remains small but the legacy which Grant and Lee made at the truce table is timeless in world history . For while the scars of the monstrous Civil War still remain , the wounds have closed since 1865 , in large part , because of the civility of Grant and Lee . With grace and dignity , these brave West Point generals gave righteous credence to Lincoln 's "  with malice toward none " finery .	150 years ago on April 9 , Confederate General Robert E. Lee surrendered at Appomattox Court House Douglas Brinkley : The spirit of that event is something to keep in mind for today 's divided America
CNN  -- They met in elementary school , began a romance during World War II and married not long afterward . They had a lifelong devotion to each other as husband and wife that lasted nearly 66 years -- and one day earlier this month they died , just 11 hours apart . Their children call it their "  final act of love . " Harold Knapke , 91 , and his wife , Ruth , 89 , died August 11 at the Versailles Health Care Center nursing home in Russia , Ohio , spokeswoman Teresa Pohlmon said . Their children said they were nine days short of their 66th wedding anniversary . "  It 's consoling to us that they went together , " said their daughter , Margaret Knapke . "  On one hand it 's difficult to lose both parents at once when you did n't see it coming ... but it 's very consoling that they got to go together . " According to Margaret , her father 's health had been deteriorating more quickly than her mother 's for about a year . "  We would ask , ` Why is he still here ? ' " Margaret said . "  And the answer was that he was here for Mom . " "  He loved her very dearly . He was extremely loyal . He wanted to be here with her , " she added . "  He would sleep all day toward the end but when he 'd wake the first thing he 'd ask is , ` Where 's your mother ? How 's your mother ? ' " Decades of love sound like this Margaret said Ruth contracted a rare infection shortly before her death and it was clear she was not going to recover . When Margaret and her siblings told her father the news , she recalled , he took it calmly but they saw a "  shift " in him . Just a few days later , Margaret and one of her sisters noticed that their father appeared to be very ill , she said . "  My sister said , ` It 's almost like he 's trying to catch up to Mom . ' " Three days later , Harold died , at 7:30 a.m. "  I think he realized what was happening and wanted to pave the way for her , " the couple 's son , Ted Knapke , said . After their father died , the Knapke children surrounded their mother -- who was not lucid -- and told her , "  Dad 's up there waiting . They got the card game going and it 's time you got up there . Do n't stick around for us , " Ted Knapke said . Ruth Knapke died that night , at 6:30 p.m. "  I think certainly when two people are that close for 66 years you become pretty in sync mentally . So regardless of their state I think they realized it was time , " Ted Knapke said . Ruth and Harold Knapke met when they were students at the same elementary school in Ohio but were separated when Harold 's family moved several towns away , according to Carol Romie , another daughter of the Knapkes . "  Dad was a year ahead of Mom and I remember Mom would tell us , ' I had a crush on your dad when I was in the third grade , ' " Margaret Knapke said . It was n't until Harold was serving in World War II and stationed in Germany that their relationship began . Ruth 's brother-in-law Steve , who was also serving , overheard that Harold was from the same county in Ohio as Ruth and suggested that Harold write to her . Their relationship grew from there , according to their daughter Ginny Reindl . "  Mom knew who he was right away , " Margaret Knapke said of her mother 's reaction to the letter . The two continued to write each other until Harold returned from the war in 1945 . The couple married two years later , on August 20 , 1947 , and had six children together : Carol , Pat , Margaret , Ginny , Ted and Tim . Harold worked in Ohio 's Fort Recovery school system as a principal , teacher and coach and Ruth became a school secretary . "  I guess to me , the most important part of the story was their dedication to each other -- loyal right to the end , " Romie said . "  Supportive and protective of each other , and that was the beautiful part . They worked at being married for 65 years . It did n't just happen . They went into it with the idea that this was forever , and it was . They made it that way . " The two were laid to rest together in a joint funeral . "  Mom and Dad were ordinary people , " Reindl said . "  I guess if people can learn from our story it 's that there is love that lasts , and that 's a good thing . "	Harold and Ruth Knapke were married for nearly 66 years They died within 11 hours of each other earlier this month Their children call it their "  final act of love "
CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao 's trainer Freddie Roach has admitted Juan Manuel Marquez deserves a fourth fight against the Filipino after the pair 's latest bout ended in another disputed points decision . Pacquiao emerged victorious on Saturday night during their WBO welterweight clash in Las Vegas despite Marquez claiming he should have been crowned the winner . The contest went down to the Nevada judges ' scorecards with Dave Moretti scoring it 115-113 , Robert Hoyle 114-114 and Glenn Trowbridge 116-112 . Pacquiao beats Marquez by majority decision Their first bout in 2004 was scored a draw , while Pacquiao won a controversial split decision in the rematch four years later . Marquez is convinced he won both encounters . Roach admitted the veteran proved a far more difficult opponent for Pacquiao than he expected and has conceded the 38-year-old is entitled to a fourth showdown , meaning Pacquiao 's much-touted clash with Floyd Mayweather Jr. may have to wait . " -LSB- Marquez -RSB- has given us problems three times now , " Roach told reporters in Las Vegas . "  I do think he deserves a rematch first . "  I thought Manny edged it . Manny hit him with some good shots , but nothing great . It was the kind of fight I do n't want to do again but I think we have to . "  We just need to deal with these counter-punchers and I have to do my job better , I guess . " Roach had predicted the fight would be decided within six rounds but at the end of 12 rounds Marquez raised his arms , convinced he had done enough . He left the ring as soon as the verdict was revealed . "  Everybody knows what happened . I think I won this fight again . I repeat , what do I need to do for the judges to give me the fight ? " Marquez told reporters . Pacquiao insisted it was "  very clear I won the fight " but said he would be willing to consider a fourth bout with Marquez : "  Any time , any time . I am a fighter and my job is to fight in the ring . " But he also talked up the possibility of facing Mayweather -- the fight that boxing fans have long been clamoring for : "  Well , let 's get it on . Make the fight happen and let 's give people a good fight , " he said . Roach also underlined his desire to see Pacquiao and Mayweather get into the ring , even though Marquez predicted the Filipino would struggle with the American 's style . "  I hope that fight does happen , " said Roach . "  I think it would be the best fight in the world and I would love to see it . "	Manny Pacquiao 's trainer says Juan Manuel Marquez deserves a rematch Freddie Roach claims Pacquiao won the fight but says fourth bout likely Judges declared the fight for Pacquiao despite Marquez claiming he won Pacquiao says he is open to a rematch but is keen to fight Floyd Mayweather Jr. .
Denver  CNN  -- A year ago , 42-year-old runner Victor Carlos never thought he 'd be excited just to see the starting line . But that was before he almost died . In fact , the father of two girls did n't breathe for a month ; a machine pushed oxygen through his body . Now he 's training for another marathon . It all began in December with a bad bout of the flu that led to an acute bacterial infection . By the time he checked into the hospital , Carlos was barely hanging on . "  We walked into the triage , and his oxygen level was only 57 % , and everybody turned a corner , " Carlos ' wife , Brenda Voglewede , told CNN . Healthy blood oxygen levels are higher than 95 % . Carlos was in deep trouble . He had developed acute respiratory distress syndrome , also known as ARDS . It was slowly killing Carlos by attacking his lungs . "  Not only that , but he had multiple organ failure related to the infection . So his kidneys were not working . His liver was not working . And his bone marrow was failing as well , " said Dr. Ashok Babu , a cardiothoracic surgeon at the University of Colorado Hospital . Babu had no time to spare . He knew trying to force air into Carlos ' lungs would do more harm than good . But without oxygen , Carlos ' organs would soon shut down . Babu had one shot : a procedure called extracorporeal membrane oxygenation , or ECMO . With this treatment , doctors turn down the patient 's respirator , then insert a special tube through the heart . A pump draws blood from the body , flushes it through an oxygenation machine that removes the carbon dioxide and delivers oxygen back to the heart . It functions as an external lung , without the patient taking a single breath . "  So  oxygenated blood  could pass through the lungs , and the lungs did n't have to do anything to it because it was already processed , " Babu said . "  And what we see on the X-ray is the lungs basically collapse down to nothing . ... They are just resting . We support the patient until the lungs can heal on their own . " Carlos ' family was told he had a 40 % to 50 % chance of survival . "  Dr. Babu initially said he thought he 'd be on ECMO for a week , " Voglewede recalled . "  Then the week turned into two weeks . And then he 's just like , ` Well , sometimes you just have to wait these things out . ' " Babu said , "  Two weeks into it we were all pretty worried that we had this young guy whose lungs just did n't seem to be coming back . At the time , he was the patient we had had on ECMO the longest in the history of our program . " Two weeks became four . Carlos did n't take a single breath for a month . Then a breakthrough came . "  Somewhat miraculously , his lungs just started to open up on their own , " Babu said . By that time , Carlos was a shadow of his former self . He had lost more than 30 pounds . "  You can imagine , before going into the hospital you are this active person . Then you go in , they put you under , and when you wake ... you ca n't sit up , you ca n't move your arms up and you look at your legs , and they 're just not there anymore , " Carlos said . "  Then you realize it 's far worse than you ever expected it to be . " Still , he was determined to make a full recovery . Seven weeks after entering the hospital , Carlos got to go home . "  I started out just walking a block and then pushing that out the following day to a block and a half , or two . Then it was like walking to school with the girls , " he said . Remarkably , just six months later , Carlos is running . "  My goal at the time was to be able to jog nonstop for three miles . And I did n't think that was going to happen until November . That happened in May , " he said . Once he was able to cover three miles , the distance he usually started out at to train for a marathon , "  that 's when I knew it was just a matter of time . " Carlos has set his sights on completing the Denver Rock 'N Roll Marathon on October 20 . He 's already covered the 26.2 miles in a training run . Carlos is n't running for time . He 's running just because he can . "  Every long run gets a little emotional for me this time around . I think of all the people who were there when I could n't do it for myself . I think of the nurses , people at work , my boss who sent cards ... neighbors , friends , family , all praying for me , " he said . Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET . For the latest from Erin Burnett click here .	Victor Carlos got the flu , then an acute bacterial infection , then an illness that attacked his lungs When he checked into the hospital , his blood oxygen level was at 57 % Doctors started a procedure known as ECMO that gave Carlos ' lungs time to heal Carlos took his first breath four weeks later and is now training for a marathon
CNN  -- How do you solve a problem like Mario Balotelli ? After an eventful fortnight that saw the Manchester City striker gatecrash a press conference , row with teammates and crash his Bentley , it 's perhaps no wonder that his club manager Robert Mancini has been driven to despair . When reporters this week quizzed Mancini over an alleged locker room bust-up between Balotelli and teammate Kolo Toure , the Italian sympathized with his frustrated squad . "  I can understand it . I told him  Mario  , if you played with me 10 years ago I would give you every day maybe one punch in your head , " Mancini said ahead of Sunday 's trip to Arsenal -- a match that could have a big bearing on the English title race . "  I think in every big game he played very well . I think his problem is his concentration , but I work with him every day . "  I speak with him -- not every day because if not I need a psychologist -- but every two days I speak with him . " It was one of Mancini 's most frank discussions about the troubled player who earlier this season set off fireworks in his bathroom with a group of friends , causing severe damage . The controversy continued with Balotelli gatecrashing new Inter Milan boss Andrea Stramaccioni 's first press conference late last month . The ex-Inter player unexpectedly entered the press room as Stramaccioni was being formally unveiled as Claudio Ranieri 's replacement . Just days later he again aggravated the football world , being reportedly involved in a dressing-room row with Yaya Toure during second-placed City 's 3-3 draw with Sunderland . In the same game , in which he scored twice but was criticized for his performance , Balotelli also argued with teammate Aleksandar Kolarov over who should take a free-kick . "  Yaya Toure -- that is totally false , " Mancini said . "  What happened with Kolarov on the pitch , that is a situation that can happen in difficult moments . "  It is not good but I can understand this situation can happen . After the game it was finished . I am not worried -- it is important that after the game everything was okay . " Then there was Thursday 's car crash in Manchester city center . Balotelli , driving his Bentley at the time , escaped unhurt , while a passenger from one of the other vehicles involved was taken to hospital as a precaution , according to police . With Balotelli 's erratic antics continuing to grab headlines , Mancini may be pressed to find an answer soon -- especially if he is to quell locker room bust-ups and his squad 's growing suspicions there is one rule for Mario and another for the rest . But despite the aggravation , Mancini refuses to completely condemn the 21-year-old Italian . "  Because when you have a player like Mario you should always not talk bad things against him because he is your teammate . If you say something about him , it 's better to talk face-to-face , to say what you think , " he said . "  Mario is young . He can do some mistakes . He has paid for his mistake . I can understand  why players are annoyed .  I understand this . But there are different ways to help guys like Mario . "	"  I would punch him in the head if we were teammates , " manager Mancini says of Balotelli Allegations of locker room bust-up between Yaya Toure and Balotelli during Sunderland match Controversy continues to follow Balotelli after he crashes his car in Manchester city center Mancini must now find answer to the "  Mario problem " if he is to appease frustrated squad
Wrigley 's new caffeinated gum has caught the attention of the Food and Drug Administration , which says it will investigate the effects of added caffeine on children and teens . Alert Energy Caffeine Gum was introduced this week by Mars Inc. 's Wrigley division . One piece contains 40 milligrams of caffeine , the same amount you 'd get in a half a cup of coffee . The gum comes in two flavors : mint and fruit . When it 's chewed , the caffeine is released into your saliva . Some some gets swallowed as if you were drinking coffee or a soda ; some is absorbed directly into the bloodstream through the cheeks and under the tongue . The only time the FDA has approved added caffeine in a food was in the 1950s for cola drinks , says Michael Taylor , the agency 's deputy commissioner for foods and veterinary medicine , in a statement Monday . The caffeinated gum is the latest to add caffeine , he says . "  Today , the environment has changed . Children and adolescents may be exposed to caffeine beyond those foods in which caffeine is naturally found and beyond anything FDA envisioned when it made the determination regarding caffeine in cola , " Taylor says . "  For that reason , FDA is taking a fresh look at the potential impact that the totality of new and easy sources of caffeine may have on the health of children and adolescents , and if necessary , will take appropriate action . " 8 healthy ways to boost energy Wrigley is only the latest company to introduce caffeinated chewing gum ; a number are already on the market . According to the Alert Energy website , the gum is "  an energy product for adults who consume caffeine for energy " and is not recommended for children or people sensitive to caffeine . "  Millions of Americans consume caffeine responsibly and in moderation as part of their daily routines , " Wrigley says in a statement . "  Alert Energy Caffeine Gum is for adults who are looking for foods with caffeine for energy . ... We are exceeding current regulatory requirements on labeling and disclosure because we believe consumers should be informed on the amount of caffeine they are consuming in their food and beverage products so they can make smart choices . "  Alert competes in the well-established energy category . It is developed for adults and will be marketed to consumers 25 and older , " the company says . "  As the FDA refines its approach to caffeine , we welcome the opportunity to work with them on this important topic . " Coffee good for you , but it 's OK to hold back In recent years , controversy has also swirled around energy drinks , which also contain caffeine . In November , the FDA began investigating 13 deaths preliminarily linked to the dietary supplement 5-Hour Energy . The deaths had been reported to the FDA as "  adverse events , " which does not mean that the product is responsible for or that it contributed to any health issue . The manufacturer , packer or distributor of a dietary supplement is required to notify the FDA of any adverse events linked to its product , according to agency spokeswoman Tamara Ward . That requirement does not apply to products sold as beverages or food . In March , Monster Energy Corp. decided to begin marketing its products as beverages instead of dietary supplements and said it would include the caffeine content on each can of its energy drinks . The FDA has received 20 adverse event reports about Monster products ; five are linked to a death . Again , these reports do not represent any conclusion by the FDA about whether the product is responsible for a health problem , Ward said in a March e-mail . "  When important information is missing from a report , it is difficult for FDA to fully evaluate whether the product caused the adverse event or simply coincided with it . "	A piece of Alert Energy Caffeine Gum has 40 mg of caffeine The company says it 's not recommended for children The FDA is looking into the effects of added caffeine on kids , teens
Washington  CNN  -- As Iraq continues to dissolve into chaos , Republican lawmakers strongly urged that the United States act swiftly on both the diplomatic and militaristic front , warning that the growing instability directly threatens the safety of Americans . The Sunday political talk shows focused on the crisis in Iraq . Military option Republicans dominated the political talk shows Sunday regarding Iraq , pushing for immediate involvement in the country that is in turmoil and under attack by an extremist group known as the al Qaeda-linked Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . Fresh off a victory in his Republican primary , South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham emphatically insisted on CNN 's "  State of the Union " that the United States needs to conduct military air strikes in Iraq to prevent ISIS fighters from advancing into and taking over Iraq 's capital , Baghdad . The chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , Mike Rogers , agreed , telling CNN that "  a little bit of U.S. air support can be very , very impactful . " And Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia indicated he 'd get behind a military option in Iraq . "  I 'm open to ... air strikes , technical support , drones , whatever it takes , but I want to make sure our intel is accurate before we start doing this , and I 'm hopeful that they 're getting accurate intel on this , " Manchin said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " President Barack Obama on Friday did not exclude U.S. military options -- except for on-the-ground combat troops -- but is reviewing a range of options , including air strikes . Meanwhile ISIS gained control of Mosul last week , Iraq 's second largest city , as well as much of northern Iraq , and ISIS fighters worked their way toward Baghdad . Republicans on Sunday said the President needs to be decisive and act immediately , "  not two weeks down the road , " said Rep. Michael McCaul , House Homeland Security Committee chairman , on ABC 's "  This Week . " Rogers said one question needs to be answered : "  Is al Qaeda holding land the size of Indiana a problem for the United States ? " Graham said the extremist group 's growing real estate will result in consequences of "  monumental proportions " if the United States does n't help stop ISIS . One of those consequences would be "  the next 9/11 , " Graham said . McCaul also warned that ISIS is "  the greatest threat " to U.S. national security , in part , because Iraq and Syria are a training ground for violent extremists , including Americans and Western Europeans who can freely travel to the West . While Graham spoke with utter conviction of what the American response should be , McCaul was more measured , saying the U.S. "  has to be very careful " about using the military in this situation . That 's a sentiment echoed by Republican Sen. John McCain on Friday who said air strikes are "  not easy . " The only lawmaker on the political talk shows Sunday strongly opposed to a military option in Iraq was Iraq War veteran Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii . She is opposed to U.S. involvement . "  We have to ... focus our great military on those direct and imminent threats rather than getting distracted by involving ourselves in another civil war that 's occurring in another country between religious factions that have been warring for generations , " Gabbard , a Democrat , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Rep. Adam Kinzinger , R - Illinois , also an Iraq war veteran , sharply disagreed . "  If the establishment of a caliphate by an organization that makes al Qaeda look like a bunch of kitty cats is not in U.S. national interest to stop it , I do n't know what is , " he said on "  State of the Union . " Diplomacy The lawmakers also called for a diplomatic component of the U.S. response , but they disagreed on which countries should be diplomatic partners and how to go about it . Graham offered an unexpected solution : working with Iran -- an American foe over Iran 's nuclear program and its back-channel role in numerous conflicts . Graham said it would be a "  mistake " not to engage with the majority-Shiite country . "  We need to coordinate with the Iranians , " Graham said . "  The Iranians can provide some assets to make sure Baghdad does n't fall . " But McCaul said the U.S. needs to be more leery of Iran and aware that it is seeing Iraq 's instability as an opportunity to grab a hold of power . Rogers said on "  Fox News Sunday " that he "  would n't fall in that trap " of engaging Iran . But Graham said the possibility that Iran can sweep in and take power in Iraq is precisely why the U.S. should engage . "  Do n't let the Iranians save Baghdad . Let us save Baghdad so there will be a chance at a second government , " Graham said . Rogers said the U.S. should turn to the Arab League to get involved and that it would be "  a failure of U.S. leadership " if it ca n't elicit Arab League involvement . But shortly after Rogers made that statement , the 22-country organization released a statement that while its members denounced the violence they would not get involved in a sovereign country 's affairs . Maliki and Obama All of the lawmakers had little good to say about Iraq Prime Minister Maliki or Obama . Graham said Maliki should resign because he 's "  incapable of bringing the Sunnis back into the fold . " McCaul said , "  Maliki has failed , as well as our President without the Status of Forces Agreement . " The Status of Forces Agreement was never reached between the United States and Iraq to keep residual troops in the country . Graham said on CNN that it was "  absolutely a lie " that Maliki refused to allow American troops to stay behind . "  The Obama administration wanted to say : ' I ended the war in Iraq , ' " Graham said , adding that he blames Obama "  mightily for a hands-off policy . "	Graham : Consequences of "  monumental proportions " if ISIS is not stopped A Democrat , Rep. Tulsi Gabbard , speaks against a U.S. military option in Iraq She opposes "  involving ourselves in another civil war ... in another country " Lawmakers disagree on whether U.S. should work with Iran
Tallahassee , Florida  CNN  -- For the past week , the mystery surrounding the killing of a nationally renowned law professor has baffled family and friends from Florida to Canada . Florida State University Professor Daniel Markel was shot in the head at his home on July 18 and died a day later at a local hospital . On Friday , a day after Markel was laid to rest in Toronto , a few new details emerged in a heavily redacted police report . The report shows Markel , 41 , was shot in the garage of his home , some time between 10:45 a.m. and 11:02 a.m. . The keys were inside Markel 's car , with the doors unlocked . The report also states there was no sign of forced entry , which Tallahassee police spokesman David Northway tells CNN could mean Markel knew the shooter . The report does not state whether the garage door was open . Police on Wednesday released via social media a picture of a silver car they term a "  vehicle of interest . " Police on Facebook cautioned it may have been a resident , passerby or delivery driver . A neighbor told police a white or silver vehicle left the home , describing it as a Toyota Prius , or a Prius "  type " of vehicle . Northway told CNN investigators used a nearby business ' surveillance camera to capture an image of what appears to be a Prius . Police say there were no signs of a robbery and have yet to disclose a possible motive . They have been following up on more than 50 leads and offered a $ 3,000 reward for information leading to an arrest . In a press release Friday , Tallahassee Police Chief Michael J. DeLeo said , "  Our investigators are using all resources available to them and are continuing to explore all of the tips that we have received . " Police have been in contact with Markel 's former wife , Wendi Adelson , also an FSU law professor , said her attorney , Jimmy Judkins . She is "  scared to death " that the killer may be targeting her entire family , said Allen Grossman , a close family friend , who has known the couple for several years . The couple have two young sons . Judkins earlier this week told CNN his client has no idea why this happened . Markel began working at FSU in 2005 after receiving his bachelor 's at Harvard College , a master 's from the University of Cambridge and a law degree from Harvard . During his FSU tenure , the Toronto native taught several classes and wrote extensively about criminal law , including articles published in the Yale Law Review , among others . Markel also founded PrawfsBlawg , a blog focused on law and life , and his writing appeared in publications such as The New York Times , Slate , The Jerusalem Post and The Atlantic Monthly . On PrawfsBlawg , 10 fellow law professors posted about the respect they had for Markel and the mutual love he shared with his friends and family . "  His boundless energy was at the center of this community ; it made it run , it gave it life . We are stunned and bereaved by his loss , and our thoughts go to his two little boys , who were precious to him , and to his family . "	Daniel Markel was found fatally wounded in his home 's garage There were no signs of robbery or burglary White or silver car believed to be near the scene Professor was published in Yale Law Review , Slate , others
EW.com  -- Fox 's "  American Idol " is getting closer to finalizing a judges panel for its 12th season . Sources say Latin singer-songwriter Enrique Iglesias has now received a firm offer for a spot on the reality hit , which may expand to four judges next year despite shedding its entire previous panel . EW.com reported last week that rapper Nicki Minaj and Aussie country artist Keith Urban were poised to join pop diva Mariah Carey on the show , and that Iglesias  or , if he passes , Adam Lambert  could fill a fourth spot . Longtime Idol judge Randy Jackson is set to move to a mentor role . Now we 're hearing Iglesias has received an offer for about $ 4 million per year , on par with Urban 's deal . Fox and producers have only confirmed Carey at this point and have no comment on any of the other names or the number of judges . If the current panel plan comes together it will give Idol a four-quadrant strategy , with judges representing pop , rap , country and Latin music  sorry rock-and-roll , but have you looked at the charts lately ?  . Idol tried expanding to four judges once before and the network was said to be unhappy with the result , so this possibility is a bit surprising . But NBC 's The Voice managed to have four judges from different music backgrounds that have worked together quite well . Plus , Fox 's own The X Factor has a quartet of judges , too . Iglesias has a history of turning down reality show offers , but may very well sign on to "  Idol . " He was previously offered a spot hosting X Factor , and was in talks with NBC for "  The Voice . " With his career going "  full blast , " Iglesias does n't need the Idol gig , but the show does have other career benefits . Iglesias became available to join the show last week , having just finished his latest world tour where he partnered with former Idol judge Jennifer Lopez . "  American Idol " returns to Fox in January . Stay tuned ... See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sources say Iglesias has been offered a spot judging "  Idol " Fox has not commented on the speculation So far only Mariah Carey has been confirmed as a judge
Financial Times  -- The number of Spaniards without jobs rose by more than half a million last year to reach 5.27 m , or 22.85 per cent of the workforce , in the final quarter , according to the National Statistics Institute  INE  . The figures , not seasonally adjusted , confirm Spain 's jobs record as by far the worst among big eurozone economies following the collapse of the Spanish housing construction bubble from 2007 . Mariano Rajoy , the Popular party prime minister who took power in December , is struggling to create jobs and stop the economy shrinking even as he reinforces the budgetary austerity plans agreed by the previous government with the European Union . Spanish employers are pushing for a profound reform of the country 's rigid labour market as one way of encouraging the hiring of workers and so reducing the unemployment rate , which is more than double the eurozone average . They also say the true situation is not as bad as portrayed in the statistics , because of widespread cheating by people seeking unemployment benefits while continuing to work , especially in southern Spain . Andalusia , the big region in the south , recorded the highest unemployment rate of 31.23 per cent of the workforce , according to INE , while the Basque country in the north had the lowest rate of 12.61 per cent . The quarterly survey showed 1.57 m households have not a single family member in work . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	New Spanish PM Mariano Rajoy is struggling to create jobs and stop the economy shrinking Spanish employers are pushing for a profound reform of the country 's rigid labour market
CNN  -- Nissan has just joined Google in the race to make driverless cars a reality . The Japanese automaker is aiming to have such driverless autos on the road by 2020 . "  Nissan Motor Company 's willingness to question conventional thinking and to drive progress is what sets us apart , " said CEO Carlos Ghosn , in a press release . "  In 2007 I pledged that -- by 2010 -- Nissan would mass market a zero-emission vehicle . Today , the Nissan Leaf is the best-selling electric vehicle in history . Now I am committing to be ready to introduce a new ground-breaking technology , Autonomous Drive , by 2020 , and we are on track to realize it . " SEE ALSO : Tesla Opens First Plant in the Netherlands Nissan intends to start testing such vehicles by 2014 . It 's unclear how long Nissan has been testing the technology , though the release refers to "  years . " Google began road-testing its self-driven autos in 2010 . The search giant has no stated intention to use the cars for commercial purposes . However , the company could benefit from selling its technology to automakers . The automaker does not appear to be working with Google on its Autonomous Vehicles as it dubs them . However , it has developing the technology "  alongside teams from the world 's top universities , including MIT , Stanford , Oxford , Carnegie Mellon and the University of Tokyo , " according to the release . Meanwhile , Nissan 's not the only automaker looking into driverless cars : Audi and Toyota have both displayed driverless car prototypes . This article originally appeared on Mashable . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Nissan says it will have a driverless car on the road by 2020 Google began road-testing self-driving cars in 2010 Audi and Toyota have displayed prototypes
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan authorities have made more arrests in connection with the attack on the U.S. Consulate that left the U.S. ambassador and three others dead , the president of Libya 's parliament said Sunday . Mohamed al-Magariaf , the head of Libya 's General National Congress , said around 50 people have been arrested , though another senior government official said the number was not that high . The official said as many as 50 people have been brought in for questioning but not all of them were arrested . They were people who were at a protest outside the consulate but there was no indication yet that they took part in the violence , he said . Ambassador 's last moments Al-Magariaf told CBS ' "  Face the Nation " that a "  few " of those arrested are foreigners , some of them from Mali and Algeria . The others are affiliated with al Qaeda or are sympathizers , he said . Al-Magariaf said he has "  no doubt " the fatal attack was planned and not a result of the anti-American demonstrations that began that day -- the 11th anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States . "  Definitely it was planned by foreigners , by people who entered the country a few months ago , and they were planning this criminal act since their arrival , " he said . The senior Libyan government official said there is no evidence yet that the attack was planned or that al Qaeda was involved . U.S. officials believe extremists carried out the attack on the consulate in Benghazi , but that they did it after a spontaneous protest began outside the building , said Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . "  We do not have information at present that leads us to conclude that this was premeditated or preplanned , " Rice told "  Face the Nation . " Zakaria : Protests do n't tell the whole story The FBI is investigating the attack but has yet to enter the country because of volatility there . In the meantime , FBI agents are interviewing witnesses outside Libya , federal law enforcement officials said . The United States has , however , deployed warships and surveillance drones in its hunt for the killers , and a contingent of 50 Marines has arrived to boost the security of Americans in Libya . Militants stormed the consulate in Benghazi on Tuesday , killing Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . The protest in front of the consulate was over a film , made in the United States , that mocks the Prophet Mohammed . Egypt 's Prime Minister : Some were paid to protest Anti-Islam filmmaker questioned Violence eases , but tensions remain high CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	The president of Libya 's parliament says around 50 people are arrested Another senior official disputes that number and says 50 have been questioned There are differing views on whether the Tuesday attack was planned
CNN  -- The heat wave that 's bearing down on more than 150 million Americans in the Midwestern and mid-Atlantic United States is also straining the nation 's power grid . The record temperatures and heat indexes mean more and more people are cranking on the air conditioners . Many regional electricity providers are reporting record usage this week . Read the latest on the heat wave In May , the power grid serving most of the mid-Atlantic region predicted a peak demand of just under 149,000 megawatts  one megawatt can run 1,000 air-conditioning units at full power  . On Wednesday , that grid produced more than 150,000 megawatts . CNN 's Randi Kaye talked with Michael Kormos , an operations executive with Philadelphia-based PJM Interconnection , which serves 58 million customers in 13 states and the District of Columbia , who said his utility is well-prepared for the increase in demand . CNN : How is your company doing in terms of providing power to its customers ? Do you have enough ? Kormos : Yes , at this point , we believe that there is adequate capacity to serve all of the customer needs on the grid at this point . CNN : Give us an idea of the situation : Are you at peak capacity , or do you have room here to play with ? Kormos : While we are at peak , this is the kind of week that we literally plan years for in advance to make sure the infrastructure 's in place . We train all year long to be prepared and everything is running well , and the grid is holding up , and we expect not to have any brownouts in the foreseeable future . CNN : What type of training do you do to avoid a brownout ? Kormos : A lot of the training is being able to react to any situation that could happen on the grid , should a generator fail or a transmission line or transformer fail , being able to react to that , to redirect the power to ensure that the remaining of the grid stays up . CNN : What if you do need more power ? Is there anything you can do ? Kormos : We do have emergency procedures , as just mentioned . We can use what 's called a brownout , where we lower the voltage that does decrease the power use . We also have the ability to ask customers , to either voluntarily or through contractual obligations , get off the grid at that point . CNN : I 've read that as a heat wave persists , it takes more and more power to maintain cool temperatures . Is that true ? Kormos : Yes , that 's true . You normally end up with residual heat buildup in the buildings , and therefore the air conditioners are working harder to maintain the same temperature because of that residual heat .	The U.S. heat wave is affecting 150 million Americans A mid-Atlantic power grid predicted a peak demand of under 149,000 megawatts The demand has surpassed 150,000 megawatts
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Pakistani court has indicted six soldiers and one civilian on murder and terrorism charges in the death of an unarmed man whose fatal shooting was caught on video . The seven men pleaded not guilty , said Muhammad Khan , a public prosecutor in a special anti-terrorism court in the southern city of Karachi . Teenager Sarfraz Shah was shot and killed by Rangers providing security at a public park this month . A chilling video of the incident was played repeatedly on national television and became the latest in a series of human rights violations that horrified Pakistanis and eroded public confidence in security agencies . In the video , an unarmed Shah begs not to be shot . He pleads with the men carrying automatic rifles . "  I am helpless , " he cries . "  Please do not fire . " Then , two shots and screams of pain . Blood streams out onto the ground beneath him . The Rangers are Pakistan 's paramilitary force primarily responsible for border protection , but at the request of provinces , it helps to maintain law and order in cities . Karachi police said Shah tried to rob people at a park named in honor of slain former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto by pointing a pistol and trying to steal cash and cell phones . He was handed over to park security and then to the Rangers . A hearing on the case begins Thursday . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Six soldiers and one civilian were charged with murder Sarfraz Shah was shot in a public park The fatal shooting was caught on video
CNN  -- One woman was killed and another injured after they fell from a 10th-floor window at an Atlanta hotel , authorities said Saturday . According to Atlanta Police , witnesses said the two were attending a birthday party early Saturday at the W Atlanta-Midtown . The pair were "  play fighting " when they accidentally crashed through the window around 3:15 a.m. , according to a preliminary investigation , said department spokesman Officer John Chafee . It was unclear Saturday where they landed . The Fulton County medical examiner identified the woman who died at the scene as LaShawna M. Threatt of Atlanta . The cause of death is pending . The other woman , who was unidentified , was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital in critical condition . Hotel manager Michael O'Donohue said information on the investigation must come from authorities . "  The incident at the W Atlanta early Saturday is very tragic and our thoughts and prayers are with the woman who was injured and the family and friends of the woman who died in the fall , " he said in a statement . CNN 's Anna M. Gonzalez contributed to this report .	Women fall from 10th floor of Atlanta hotel , police say One of them is killed , the other critically injured Witnesses said they were "  play fighting , " police say
CNN  The commissioner-general of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency will make an emergency visit to the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp in Syria on Saturday , a spokesman says . Commissioner-General Pierre Krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp and speak with individuals about ways to relieve the suffering of the people who remain there . "  The visit is prompted by UNRWA 's deepening concern for the safety and protection of 18,000 Palestinians and Syrian civilians , including 3,500 children , " agency spokesman Christopher Gunness told CNN 's Paula Newton . "  Yarmouk remains under the control of armed groups , and civilian life continues to be threatened by the effects of the conflict . " Krähenbühl will meet with senior Syrian officials , U.N. and relief agency staff members , and displaced people from the camp itself . The Yarmouk refugee camp , which sits just 6 miles from central Damascus , has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012 . The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the militant group ISIS and the al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front control about 90 % of the camp . The organization also claims that the Syrian government has dropped barrel bombs on the camp as recently as Sunday in an effort to drive out armed groups . Yarmouk was formed in 1957 to accommodate people displaced by the Arab-Israeli conflict and is the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria . The U.N. relief agency estimates that there were 160,000 people in the camp when the conflict began in 2011 between forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad and opposition fighters . That number has dropped to about 18,000 , according to estimates . Yarmouk has been largely cut off from aid since November 2013 . There have been widespread reports of malnutrition and shortages of medical care . "  We will not abandon hope , " Gunness said . "  We will not submit to pessimism , because to abandon hope would be to abandon the people of Yarmouk . ... We can not abandon the people of Yarmouk , and we will not , hence this mission . "	The United Nations Relief and Works Agency chief will visit Yarmouk camp Saturday Pierre Krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation there Yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting since December 2012
CNN  -- Texas brewery Austin Beerworks is doing its part to "  keep Austin weird " by releasing the first 99-pack of beer to consumers . To celebrate the "  anytime " of their Peacemaker Anytime Ale , the craft brewer decided to release the multipack . "  Since you can drink it anytime , you 're going to want to have more than a few on hand , " the brewery said in a video on its website . What started as a viral sensation turned out to be no joke : The brewery sold out of all 20 of the 99-packs for $ 99 on the first day . The packs measure approximately 7 feet long and weigh in at more than 80 pounds . Because of the overnight success , the brewery is going to produce another run of the 99-packs soon , according to its Facebook page . .	Austin Beerworks releases a 99-pack of one of its beers The pack costs $ 99 and weighs more than 80 pounds The brewery sells out of the multipack on the first day
CNN  -- Senegal 's opposition June 23rd Movement is calling for a mass rally in Dakar on Tuesday to protest a ruling allowing President Abdoulaye Wade to run for a third term as well as to demand the release of dozens of government critics arrested in the wake of weekend rioting that followed the decision . The group is also demanding that Senegal 's highest court , the constitutional council , allow three independent candidates , including Grammy-winning musician Youssou N'Dour , to seek the presidency of the West African nation , spokesman Amath Dansokho said Monday . The court rejected their candidacies on Friday in the same ruling that granted Wade and 13 others spots on the February ballot . The court ruled that the candidates -- N'dour , Abdourahmane Sarr and KÃ © ba Keinde -- failed to gather 10,000 valid signatures . The court ruled Wade could stand for re-election despite a provision in the country 's 2001 constitution that limits the president to two terms in office . Wade is in his second term in office . But the court ruled that his first term , won in a 2000 election , could not be counted toward the term limit because that election came before the constitution took effect . "  Between these two points of view , there must naturally be an arbiter , " presidential spokesman Serigne Mbacke Ndiaye said Monday . "  In our country , we have chosen as our arbiter the constitutional council . " The opposition , however , does not trust the decision of the council , because all five judges were appointed by Wade and are widely thought to have limited independence . Danshohko called the decision a "  constitutional coup . " U.S. State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said Wade should step aside . "  The statesmanly-like thing to do would be to cede to the next generation , and we think that would be better . " She added , "  We work with the government the people elect . But again , our view is that Senegalese democracy is strong enough to move to the next generation . " The ruling Friday set off riots in the capital of Dakar . Demonstrators set tires on fire and engaged in running street battles with authorities , with some protesters blocking roads by placing barricades in and around several city neighborhoods . One police officer died in the violence , while a journalist was injured , as police were trying to disperse crowds , according to a state news report . Ndiaye said the planned Tuesday protest will mobilize only a small fraction of the population . "  Today , the truth is that the Senegalese people are fundamentally attached to Abdoulaye Wade , " he said . In addition to its electoral demands , the June 23rd Movement is seeking the release of Alioune Tine , a top member of the movement , and dozens of others the group says were arrested on Saturday after the riots . The group is also seeking the release of Barthelemy Dias , a Socialist Party official accused of shooting a man to death during clashes in December . Although West Africa has a history of military coups and civil wars , Senegal largely has been an exception . It has never experienced a military coup . However , political tensions have increased leading up to the February election . In June , thousands of protesters clashed with police in Dakar after Wade proposed changes to the constitution that his critics alleged were meant to make it easy for him to win re-election . Journalist Nick Loomis contributed to this report .	President 's office predicts Tuesday protest will be small Senegal 's opposition movement calls for mass protest against election ruling The ruling Friday keeps three independent candidates off the ballot It also allows the country 's president to run for a third term
CNN  -- Ten people were killed and 18 injured in clashes between "  criminal gangs " in a southwestern Mexican town , Mexico 's federal government said Saturday . Mexico 's interior ministry issued a statement blasting what it called "  reprehensible acts " that it said contributed to the deaths , which occurred Friday night in Tecalitlan in the state of Jalisco . Interior Minister Francisco Blake Mora contacted Jalisco Gov. Emilio Gonzalez Marquez to offer the federal government 's help in improving safety and security in the town , the statement said . Federal authorities also offered help tracking down "  the criminals responsible . " The violence came one day after federal troops gunned down an alleged drug cartel boss in the state of Michoacan , which neighbors Jalisco . The death of Nazario Moreno Gonzalez and two other Familia Michoacana members came during a joint operation involving members of Mexico 's federal police , army , air force and navy . At least five federal police officers and three civilians died in that operation , officials said Friday afternoon .	10 people died in gang violence Friday , Mexico 's federal government says The clashes occurred in the southwestern Mexican town of Tecalitlan A day earlier , authorities killed an alleged drug cartel boss in the neighboring state of Michoacan
CNN  -- TLC reality star Jill Duggar knocked out two firsts with one wedding . The 23-year-old daughter of Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar -- the couple who star in the reality show "  19 Kids and Counting " along with their massive brood -- had her first kiss on Saturday as she tied the knot for the first time . Jill 's romance with her new husband , Derick Dillard , has been swift but old-fashioned . The two were introduced by Jill 's dad , who connected with 25-year-old Derick while he was doing missionary work in Nepal . After starting their courtship in November , the couple announced their engagement in April . "  When my dad first introduced Derick and I , we spent hours texting , calling , and talking on Skype while 8,000 miles away from each other . And when we finally met in person in Nepal , we knew within days that we wanted to spend the rest of our lives together , " Jill Duggar told ABC News at the time . Because of their shared Christian faith , the couple did n't hold hands until they got engaged , and saved their first kiss for their wedding day . "  We 're just really trying to keep our relationship focused not on the physical but really just more on communication and continuing to learn more about each other , " Jill has said . "  We 're saving our first kiss and things beyond that for our wedding . " And on June 21 , Jill and Derick finally had the moment they 'd been waiting for . In front of more than 1,000 guests at a church in Springdale , Arkansas , the couple said their "  I do 's " and shared their first lip-lock . Derick , who 's whisking his new bride off to an undisclosed location for their honeymoon , told People magazine that he supported their courtship 's lack of physical contact . "  You can really get to know each other on every level without the physical part of it , " he said . "  I am the most blessed man to have Jill . "	Duggar married Derick Dillard The pair saved their first kiss for their wedding She stars with her family on "  19 Kids and Counting "
CNN  -- Mauricio Funes , a member of a political party that waged guerrilla war against the government 17 years ago , claimed the presidency of El Salvador on Sunday night . FMLN 's Mauricio Funes shows his ballot before voting Sunday in Antiguo Cuscatlan , El Salvador . "  This is the happiest night of my life , " Funes told a jubilant crowd at his election headquarters . "  It 's also the night of greatest hope for El Salvador . " With 90.68 percent of the votes counted , the FMLN party 's Funes had 51.27 percent , while the ARENA party 's Rodrigo Avila had 48.73 percent , the country 's Supreme Electoral Tribunal said . The final tally will be certified within 48 hours , the electoral council 's Walter Araujo said in a nationally televised news conference . Funes ' victory ended a 20-year hold on the presidency by the right-leaning ARENA . "  Now the ARENA party passes into opposition , " Funes said . "  ARENA ... can be assured that it will be listened to and respected . " Although polls had indicated the race had tightened considerably in the past few weeks , most analysts had predicted that Funes would win . "  It 's a sign that there 's democracy in that country , which is something the United States tried to foster , " said Bernard Aronson , who as President George H.W. Bush 's assistant secretary of state for inter-American affairs from 1989-93 was heavily involved in ending El Salvador 's 12-year civil war . The FMLN , which is the Spanish acronym for the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front , was formed in late 1980 as an umbrella group for five leftist guerilla organizations fighting a U.S.-backed military dictatorship . The guerrillas and the government signed a peace pact in 1992 and the FMLN became a legitimate political party . By some estimates , 75,000 Salvadorans died during the war . The new president will find "  a country that still retains a lot of bitterness , a lot of division , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue policy institute . "  This country is completely divided , " ARENA party official Adolfo Torres said on CNN affiliate TCS TV station Sunday night . The election , Hakim said , was "  an important test of how far El Salvador has come . " The result also will be an important test of how far El Salvador will go . With an economy in deep trouble and neither party having enough seats to control the national Legislative Assembly , much will depend on the party that lost . "  Conflict occurs when one person wants to force a conflict , " Hakim said . "  Compromise requires both sides . " No one is certain how ARENA will handle the loss . "  That 's a big unknown , " said Heather Berkman , a Latin America analyst with the consulting firm Eurasia Group . "  I still think they 'll play ball . They have an incentive to get along with the new administration . They certainly do n't want to be shut out of the process . " Otto Reich , who served in high-level Latin American posts for Presidents Reagan , George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush , sees the possibility of a spirited fight from ARENA . "  If I had to guess , I 'd say ARENA will try to put democratic obstacles in the way of an FMLN consolidation of power , " Reich said . Although ARENA , which are the Spanish initials for the Nationalist Republican Alliance , has come back from a 14-point deficit in some polls two months ago , Reich said winning a fifth consecutive term was "  swimming against the tide . " "  People in El Salvador are weighing risks and opportunities , " Reich said . "  They have an opportunity to replace a party with which they have gotten tired . " Hakim also saw voter fatigue with ARENA , saying , "  One party has managed the country forever and ever . " Many of the 2.4 million Salvadorans who voted weighed competing doubts . "  The uncertainty is that the FMLN has never been in power , " Berkman said . But voters also asked themselves , she said , whether they were "  better off than they were five years ago , 10 years ago . " Avila , she said , could not run on a message of change . Funes ' message of change and putting new people in power was more effective . Since the war ended , Salvadorans have mostly supported ARENA because of concerns over the FMLN 's left-wing agenda and the group 's guerrilla background . There also have been outside influences . "  The country has been afraid to vote for the left because of fears from Washington , " Larry Birns , director of the nonprofit Council on Hemispheric Affairs , said recently . With the election of Barack Obama as president of the United States , Salvadorans may expect a different attitude from Washington . El Salvador , Colombia and Peru have been the United States ' closest allies in Latin America . Birns calls the three nations "  Washington 's street-corner guys . " With an FMLN victory , El Salvador joins other Latin American countries that have elected leftist leaders in recent years -- Venezuela , Bolivia , Nicaragua , Argentina , Honduras , Guatemala , Ecuador and Brazil . But Berkman and others warn that the United States must not lump everyone together . "  People tend to look at the left in Latin America and oversimplify it , " Berkman said . "  There 's the good left and the bad left . " Or as Aronson put it , "  There 's leftists , and there 's leftists . " Aronson sees two types of leftist governments in Latin America : "  institutional " governments like Brazil 's that "  have made peace with the free market " while still championing social programs , and populist , more-radical governments like Venezuela 's . Analysts are not sure what to make of Funes , a former freelance journalist for CNN en Español who is projecting a moderate image . "  The FMLN did something very clever , " Reich said . "  They put somebody at the head of the party who is not a guerrilla , not a terrorist . " Even the FMLN may not know what to expect from Funes . Berkman calls it "  an issue of uncertainty " between the former journalist and the former guerrilla group . "  There 's a lot of unknowns about how the relationship between Funes and the FMLN will proceed , " she said , adding that she will watch his Cabinet picks and whether he brings in people from other parties . Funes ' victory was a defining moment for the FMLN . "  It 's an important transformation , " Hakim said . "  The ex-guerrillas have to make a decision : Are they going to try to bring about revolutionary , radical change or manage the whole country and have step-by-step reform ? " Aronson sees it as "  a test of whether they will be pragmatic or ideological . " The FMLN may not have a choice but to be pragmatic . The party holds 35 seats in the 84-member National Assembly . ARENA has 32 seats . Forty-three votes are needed to pass most legislation and some measures require "  supermajority " approval of 56 votes . That means that , if ARENA and the FMLN can not agree on a measure , they have to look to one of the minor parties for support . The PCN , which is the National Conciliation Party , has 11 seats and could emerge as a power broker . Two others parties hold six seats . "  It is in the PCN 's interest to play ball as well , " Berkman said . "  The PCN will act as a moderating force . " Berkman also said the FMLN will likely take a moderate approach because the nation relies too much on outside investments and remittances from Salvadorans living abroad for the former guerrillas to adopt too much of a radical approach . But Hakim worries about something else . "  I think ARENA may be prepared for this -LSB- loss -RSB- , " he said . "  I 'm concerned that the FMLN may not be prepared to govern . "	NEW : FMLN 's Funes had 51.27 percent of the vote , with 84 percent of ballots counted A Funes victory would end 20-year hold by the right-leaning ARENA By some estimates , 75,000 Salvadorans died during the civil war
CNN  -- A grand jury indicted the nanny of two young children found stabbed to death in the bathtub of their Manhattan apartment for their murders , court documents show . Yoselyn Ortega , 50 , was arrested earlier this month and charged with the murders of Lucia Krim , 6 , and her brother Leo , 2 . Court documents released Tuesday show the grand jury indicted Ortega on first - and second-degree murder charges in both deaths . Police say on October 25 , the children 's mother , Marina Krim , returned to the family 's Upper West Side apartment , found Lucia and Leo dead in the bathroom and saw the nanny stab herself with a kitchen knife . A mother 's greatest fear Ortega has been recovering since then at Weill Cornell Medical Center under police watch , and was still there as of Tuesday , according to hospital spokeswoman Linda Kamateh . Krim left two of her children with the nanny to take her 3-year-old child , Nessie , to a swim lesson at a nearby YMCA , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said last month . She had expected to meet the nanny around 5:30 p.m. at a dance class , but when Ortega failed to appear she went back to the apartment . The late children 's father is Kevin Krim , a senior vice president for CNBC Digital and former Yahoo executive . A native of the Dominican Republic , Ortega had been a naturalized U.S. citizen for 10 years . Friends had introduced the family to Ortega , and she had worked for them since Leo 's birth two years ago , police said . Ortega was not a live-in nanny , but Marina Krim 's blog , "  Life with the Little Krim Kids , " offered the loving mother 's view of a family life that included Ortega as a member . In February , the Krims traveled to the Dominican Republic , where they met Ortega 's family . "  We spent the past nine days in the Dominican Republic , " Marina Krim wrote on February 18 . "  We spent half the time at our nanny , Josie 's sister 's home in Santiago and the rest at Balcones de Atlantico in Las Terrenas , a condo-style hotel where the ` Real Housewives of Dominican Republic ' and their families hang on weekends . It was wonderful . " She added , "  We met Josie 's amazing familia !!! And the Dominican Republic is a wonderful country !! " One photograph showed the families together , Ortega holding the girl who was learning how to swim at the time her siblings were killed . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report	Nanny indicted in children 's murders , court documents show Leo Krim had just celebrated his 2nd birthday The children 's mother found them dead in the bathtub , police say
Washington  CNN  -- Long before computers or televisions existed , a man who would become a U.S. senator and then president started an affair with his neighbor 's wife . Even telephones were relatively new back then , so Warren Harding wrote Carrie Phillips smoldering love letters during their 15-year relationship that ended prior to his inauguration in 1921 . "  I love you more than all the world , and have no hope of reward on Earth or hereafter , so precious as that in your dear arms , in your thrilling lips , in your matchless breasts , in your incomparable embrace , " said a 1910 letter first revealed in the book "  The Harding Affair " by James David Robenalt . Snail mail Almost a century later , the snail mail between Harding and Phillips becomes fully public later this month , revealing the most intimate secrets and thoughts of a man destined for the pinnacle of power as America endured the First World War . In his book , Robenalt examines the possible historical impacts of the affair , noting that Phillips may have spied for Germany and influenced Harding against running for president in 1916 as the war approached . "  The Harding Affair " "  There 's that sex steamy side to these letters , " he told CNN in an interview Monday . "  But there 's also the big question of whether the United States should get involved in the First World War . They really debated that back and forth . She was really pro-German , he was very pro-American . " Of equal interest , especially in the modern era of celebrity scandal mongering , is the pure salaciousness of the letters ' content . "  They really are very graphic love letters , " said Robenalt , who came across them while researching his 2009 book . "  And people think that 100 years ago nobody had sex fantasies and I keep telling people if those people did n't have sex fantasies , we would n't be here today . " Keeping such a secret seems impossible in today 's digitally monitored world . Not so back in 1905 , a decade before the first coast-to-coast long distance phone call . Salacious details As outlined by Robenalt 's book , Harding was married at the time and serving as Ohio 's lieutenant governor . He recommended that his friend and neighbor Jim Phillips , Carrie 's husband , go to a sanitarium that spring to help recover from the death of their 4-year-old son a year earlier . Meanwhile , Harding 's wife Florence was recovering from a kidney disease . By August , Harding 's affair with Carrie commenced , though it only became physical three years later , according to Robenalt 's book . "  I do love you so , " he wrote in 1913 , two years before his election as Republican senator from Ohio . " I wonder if you realize how muchâ $ " how faithfully , how gladly , how reverently , how wistfully , how whole-heartedly and how passionately . Yes , you do know the last , you must have felt the proof , but you ca n't know the others . " The same letter also showed Harding 's concern about the affair being discovered , long before the Internet age . "  I have been thinking of all those letters you have , " wrote , adding that "  I think you have a fire , chuck 'em ! Do . You must . If there is one impassioned one that appeals to you , keep it until you are tired of it , but chuck the rest . Why it frightens me to think I ever dared mail them to your address . " By 1916 , circumstances had changed , according to another letter . From "  enraptured bliss " to "  depths of anxiety " "  It is a little more than thirty-six hours since I saw you , and they have all been given to you , amid the perturbation I could not shake off , " Harding wrote after what Robenalt said was a secret visit to Phillips in Marion , Ohio . "  If you designed to punish me you have succeeded fully , " the letter continued . "  I came with heart a hungering , I knew the flight to enraptured bliss , and was then suddenly plunged to the depths of anxiety . " The problem ? Someone named Robinson , described by Robenalt as a rival lover , came to Marion . "  I had feared for a year , but would not surrender , " Harding 's letter continued . "  I know now of my failure . I sought the impossible , and I am defeated . " Robenalt noted the influence of the pending war at that time . "  He ultimately voted for war , " the author said of Harding . "  He knew that it would probably ruin their relationship , and kill him politically in a state that had a lot of German-Americans . " The affair ended four years later , as Harding ran for president in an election he won easily over Democrat James Cox . He did n't survive his first term , dying of illness in 1923 . In a recent statement , the Library of Congress announced it would make the more than 1,000 pages of love letters public on July 29 , with a discussion about them scheduled for July 22 in the Mumford Room of the James Madison Building in Washington . Photos : Presidential inaugurations and oaths through history CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Sherisse Pham and Kimberly Berryman contributed to this report .	Coming soon : love letters between Warren Harding and his mistress The 15-year affair ended before Harding became president in 1921 Harding 's letters show the politician 's passionate side A book on the affair examines its possible historical impact
Washington  CNN  It 's been more than a decade since the 9/11 report was released , and the leader behind the effort is pushing President Barack Obama to hand over the final 28 pages to the American public . Those redacted pages from the congressional investigation into the attacks specifically focus on the role of foreign governments in the al Qaeda plot . "  They primarily deal with who financed 9/11 , and they point a strong finger at Saudi Arabia , " former Democratic Sen. Bob Graham of Florida told CNN 's Michael Smercornish over the weekend . He co-chaired the panel that released the report in 2002 . Graham , along with Rep. Walter Jones  R-North Carolina  and Stephen Lynch  D-Massachusetts  will hold a news conference Wednesday asking Obama to declassify those remaining pages of the 832-page 9/11 report . In the months after 9/11 , the House and the Senate convened joint hearings and produced the massive report . But the 28 pages were classified by then-President George W. Bush . The government feared releasing them "  could adversely affect ongoing counterterrorism efforts , " according to a letter from the Senate Intelligence Committee . Terry Strada , whose husband died in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , said 9/11 families like hers have been pushing for the release for 13 years . The families say Obama personally promised he would release those redacted pages -- but it has n't happened . "  They are protecting the Saudi regime over protecting the American people , " Strada told Smerconish . "  And that is the travesty . " Bill Doyle 's son was working in the World Trade Center on the day of the attacks and was among the nearly 3,000 killed . "  If these pages were to be released , we could hold them accountable -- the people that financed 9/11 , " Doyle told CNN .	The pages focus on the role of foreign governments in the plot "  They point a strong finger at Saudi Arabia , " says Bob Graham
CNN  -- Never has the Supreme Court said so much when saying so little . When the justices refused to rule on gay marriage cases Monday , it directly cleared the way for the unions to become legal in five states -- Indiana , Oklahoma , Utah , Virginia and Wisconsin . A sixth state , Colorado , began allowing same-sex marriages Tuesday morning , with the state 's high court throwing out the last remaining legal obstacles in the wake of the U.S. Supreme Court 's decision . And experts believe five other states -- North Carolina , South Carolina , Kansas , West Virginia , and Wyoming -- will soon follow . Add them all up and the likely bottom line appears : Same-sex marriage will be legal in 30 states in the near future , many believe . Those states represent more than half of the country and well over half the nation 's population . And gay couples in those states will be able to wed legally . "  Now we are in a situation where 30 states have same-sex marriage , " CNN legal analyst Jeffery Toobin said . "  When you have that many people living in a world where same-sex marriage is legal ,  it  makes it inevitable , it seems , that the rest of the country will follow . " For now , though , there are 20 other states that are n't budging . Nearly all of them are in the Midwest and South . That 's no surprise , as these swaths of the country have traditionally been socially conservative . Already , South Carolina 's attorney general has said he will continue fighting to keep the state 's ban in place . So , what 's next in the gay marriage fight for those states ? Same-sex marriage advocates say they plan to work both the statehouses and the courthouses there . Opinion : How Supreme Court 's non-decision helps gay marriage Politics and the personal Gay conservatives are undertaking the most coordinated effort yet to change the Republican Party 's position on same-sex marriage . Their approach : one state and one Republican activist at a time . The official stance of the Republican Party is that "  the union of one man and one woman must be upheld as the national standard , " but same-sex marriage advocates within the GOP want it removed , making the language neutral . Young Conservatives for the Freedom to Marry , a nonpartisan advocacy group , say the stance will soon no longer represent an evolving Republican Party , citing a New York Times public opinion poll that shows 40 % of Republicans -- and 56 % of Republicans under age 45 -- support same-sex marriage . The GOP and gay politics There was a joyous reaction from gay couples who immediately sought marriage licenses in Wisconsin while the conservative organization , Wisconsin Family Action , denounced the Supreme Court 's move . "  The truth is no court , by any action or inaction , can redefine marriage , " said president Julaine Appling . "  Federal courts have been arrogantly ignoring this reality . That said , from a legal standpoint , the court taking a pass on these cases means the legal battle for marriage continues in our country . " In Colorado , clerks in two counties issued same-sex marriage licenses just hours after the Supreme Court declined to hear the cases on Monday , the Denver Post reported . Michelle Alfredsen told the Post she was ecstatic about being able to marry her girlfriend Wendy . "  I 'm officially Mrs. Alfredsen , " she told the newspaper . "  We are basking in this moment and celebrating that our children will not have to take on this fight . " The next day , Colorado Attorney General John Suthers ordered clerks in all 64 of the state 's counties to issue same-sex licenses to couples who request them . "  There are no remaining legal requirements that prevent same-sex couples from legally marrying in Colorado , " Suthers said . The jurisdictional front Advocates of gay marriage have been riding a hot streak , but how long will it last ? Carl Tobias , a constitutional law professor at the University of Richmond , believes it 's likely that the winning streak may end somewhere on the appellate level . While district judges function more independently , appeals court judges "  tend to be more ideological , " Tobias notes , and thus it 's more likely they cumulatively will express opinions on both sides of the debate . That said , whatever these appeals courts decide might be moot . Experts say this fast-moving wave of decisions will ultimately climax where it began , on the nation 's top court -- with so-called "  swing " justice Anthony Kennedy most likely siding with the winner on the deeply divided court . If you ask University of California , Berkeley , law professor Jesse Choper , there 's only one way to put the issue to rest . "  This will only authoritatively be decided by the U.S. Supreme Court , " he said . By the numbers : Same-sex marriage In states where marriage licenses are already being issued , there are legal complications to work out . For instance , in Utah , state lawmaker Kraig Powell , a Republican , has started a bill to work on language in state codes governing marriage . The chapter that addresses marriage is titled "  Husband and Wife " -- that has to be changed , Powell said , according to the Salt Lake Tribute . Back to the Supremes Toobin , too , sees circumstances where the Supreme Court might need to weigh in , because the tally of states where gay marriage is legal is actually 24 , not 30 . The reality is , despite what experts believe , justices have not yet ruled -- or refused to rule -- on the same-sex marriage bans in those six states . "  The one thing we know for sure is that there will not be a 50-state ruling  that  same-sex marriage is required in every state in the union , " Toobin said . "  What is complicated and , frankly , somewhat mysterious , is what happens now in the states where the lower courts have said , ` Under our interpretation of the Constitution , we believe there is a right to same-sex marriage . ' " Ultimately , that could prompt the Supreme Court to tackle this thorny issue the next time it comes around . Will same-sex marriage become a 2014 issue ?	NEW : Colorado attorney general orders counties to issue same-sex marriage licenses Tuesday NEW : Gay marriage is now legal in 25 states Experts believe five other states will soon follow The momentum is favoring gay advocates , but that could change
CNN  -- A Maryland man recently died of rabies that he contracted from a tainted kidney he received in a transplant operation a year and a half ago , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . Health care teams are now giving anti-rabies shots to three other patients who received organs from the same donor as the patient , the CDC said . The Maryland man and three other people -- in Florida , Georgia and Illinois -- received organs from a person who died in Florida in 2011 . Coincidentally , both the donor and the recipient who died are members of the military . The donor was a 20-year-old airman who was training to be an aviation mechanic in Pensacola , and the recipient was a retired Army veteran , according to the Department of Defense . Doctors knew the donor had encephalitis , an inflammation of the brain , when they harvested the organs . However , no rabies test was done before the before the donor 's kidneys , heart and liver were delivered for transplantation in September 2011 , the CDC said . 4 shots enough to ward off rabies The Maryland recipient died February 27 at the VA Medical Center in Washington , and doctors at the CDC diagnosed rabies as the cause of death . The CDC then examined autopsy tissue from the donor and determined he had died of the same type of rabies , which is spread by raccoons , according to the CDC . Health officials immediately contacted doctors caring for the other three organ recipients . They show no signs of rabies but are being treated with five doses of the rabies vaccine and rabies immune globulin , which gives the body antibodies to protect itself against the rabies virus . Both treatments are shots in the upper arm . Dr. Matthew Kuehnert , director of the CDC 's Office of Blood , Organ , and Other Tissue Safety , said the recipients ' doctors were shocked to learn the donor 's organs were tainted with rabies . "  Their first reaction was that it seemed unlikely because it 's been almost a year and a half since the transplant , " he said . In the only other U.S. outbreak of rabies among organ recipients , the four patients died within a month of transplant in 2004 . The three other recipients are being tested for rabies , and health authorities are looking for family members or health care workers who might have had close contact with the donor or the recipient who died to see if they might also have the disease , said CDC spokeswoman Melissa Dankel . Why organs are n't tested for rabies Before the airman died in Florida , he was experiencing "  changes in mental status , " according to Kuehnert . He said the donor tested negative for several causes of encephalitis , including West Nile Virus and herpes . Organ donors are not routinely tested for rabies , even if they show the signs . One reason is rabies is extremely rare , with only one to three cases a year nationwide , according to Dr. Richard Franka , the CDC 's acting rabies team lead . Also , many lifesaving organs would be lost if donors were tested for rabies . Only three or four facilities in the country are capable of testing for rabies in humans , Franka said , which means most hospitals would have to ship a potential donor 's blood or tissue . It could take two days to get test results , and by then the organs would no longer be usable . Kuehnert said perhaps new rules need to be put in place to help doctors decide what to do with organs when the donor has died of encephalitis and no one knows why . "  What we need looking forward is a standardized approach when you have encephalitis of unknown cause so very important things like this are n't missed , " he said . At least one transplant surgeon wo n't take organs when the donor has died of encephalitis of unknown origin . Dr. Amy Friedman , director of transplantation at SUNY Upstate Medical University in Syracuse , New York , said the risk is too big . But she added that she does kidney transplants , and her patients can survive , at least in the short term , on dialysis . Other patients waiting for organs such as hearts or livers might die quickly without a transplant -- and sometimes the only organ available is one where the patient died of encephalitis and no one knows why . Those patients should be fully informed so they can decide if they want to take the risk , she wrote in a blog post Friday . "  Statistically it 's quite likely the organ could be fine , but if it 's not , everybody has trouble , " she told CNN . CNN 's Miriam Falco , Val Willingham and Georgiann Caruso contributed to this report .	A Maryland man who received a tainted organ in 2011 died last month Officials determined the organ donor had rabies Three other people in Florida , Georgia and Illinois are receiving anti-rabies shots
CNN  -- Eddie Lovelace 's symptoms were subtle at first , almost imperceptible -- a headache now and then , a little dizziness in the first week of September . A healthy 78-year-old circuit court judge in Albany , Kentucky , Lovelace did n't want to go to the doctor , and he certainly did n't seem terribly ill . As usual , he worked more than a full day every day except Sunday , and walked at least three miles . But then on September 9 , Lovelace became confused while teaching his regular Sunday school class at the Albany First Baptist Church and had to stop partway through . Two days later , he went to pick up his newspaper and fell over onto the sidewalk . He said he could n't feel his legs , and his daughter rushed him to the emergency room . Fearing he 'd had a stroke , doctors at Clinton County Hospital sent him by ambulance to Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville , where an MRI confirmed he had indeed had a stroke . Lovelace died five days later , his death attributed to a combination of old age and bad luck . At his funeral , Kentucky Chief Justice John Minton eulogized Lovelace , remembering his 20 years on the bench and his 23 years as a state prosecutor . Lovelace 's granddaughter played a hymn on the piano , and he was buried at the Memorial Hill Cemetery , with Joyce , his wife of 55 years , their two children , five grandchildren , and one great-granddaughter in attendance . As she sat in the church , Lovelace 's daughter , Karen Talbott , could n't get something out of her mind . She 's a nurse , and while her father was at Vanderbilt , not one but several doctors took her aside and told her his stroke was in a part of the brain where strokes hardly ever happen -- and when they do , it 's in patients with severe , prolonged high blood pressure . The judge 's blood pressure was normal , even a little low . "  This is the strangest stroke I 've ever seen , " they told her . ` Bitter , angry , and heartbroken ' Right now , doctors in 23 states are looking back at medical records to reconsider whether deaths that looked routine might actually have been caused by contaminated medicine from the New England Compounding Center . "  There will be people who gradually come to light -- people like this judge , " says Dr. William Schaffner , an infectious disease specialist at Vanderbilt who 's been working with the Tennessee Department of Health and the Centers for Disease Control during the outbreak . What is a compounding pharmacy ? Lovelace died on September 17 , more than a week before doctors -- and the rest of the world -- learned about the contaminated shots . Then , three weeks later , Lovelace 's son-in-law , Bob Talbott , read a short article online in The Tennessean newspaper , which said a 78-year-old man was the first to die in the meningitis outbreak . The date of death was listed as September 17 at Vanderbilt University Medical Center . Talbott called Lovelace 's widow , Joyce , immediately . It must be Eddie , he said -- how many other 78-year-old men could have died at Vanderbilt on September 17 ? But no one from Vanderbilt or the state department of health had reached out to the family . Then Joyce remembered receiving a telephone call a week after her husband 's death from someone at the St. Thomas Outpatient Neurosurgery Center in Nashville , where her husband had had three steroid injections for neck and back pain over the summer . The caller wanted to know how "  Brother Eddie " was doing . "  I said , ` Well , Brother Eddie passed away , ' and they said they were sorry and everything , and that was the end of the call , " Joyce remembers . "  Then the next day I got a call from the same number and it was a different individual . She wanted to know about his symptoms and whether an autopsy had been done . " Steroid injections common for back pain sufferers Joyce thought the calls were a little odd -- she wondered why they were inquiring about her husband 's health nearly a month after they gave him the injections . The callers never mentioned the words "  fungal meningitis , " she says , even though the connection between the shots and the disease had been made by that time . CNN tried through e-mails and phone calls to get answers from the St. Thomas Outpatient Neurosurgery Center , but did not receive a response . Only after reading the Tennessean article did Joyce put it all together . The St. Thomas Outpatient Neurosurgery Center received 2,000 vials of tainted steroids , and some 1,000 patients received the injections between June 6 and September 6 , according to the St. Thomas Hospital . Lovelace received his three injections in July and August . "  I 've been bitter , angry , heartbroken , and grief-stricken , " Joyce says . Vanderbilt reported Lovelace 's death as one of four "  suspected " cases of meningitis , according to hospital spokesman Craig Boerner . A strict judge , a loving grandfather Some 14,000 people may have received shots of contaminated medicine from the New England Compounding Center , according to the Centers for Disease Control . Since it can take as long as seven weeks for symptoms to show up after a patient receives a shot , it 's possible some of them are experiencing symptoms such as headaches and dizziness and have n't connected them to the shots they received . Meningitis outbreak : What you need to know "  It 's important to make that connection , because the earlier you treat this , the better , " says Dr. Howard Kirshner , vice chairman of the Department of Neurology at Vanderbilt , who has treated patients in this outbreak . That 's why Joyce Lovelace says she 's speaking out -- she does n't want anyone else to suffer the way her husband did . Eddie Lovelace and Joyce Davis were college sweethearts and married 56 years ago this December . She worked as a lab technician while he attended law school at the University of Louisville , graduating in 1960 . "  Those were rough years . We did n't have money or anything , but they were good years , " Joyce remembers . After graduation , Lovelace went to work as an attorney for the city of Albany and then as a county and state prosecutor . He was a circuit court judge from 1992 until he passed away , and was named Kentucky Trial Judge of the Year in 1995 . Lovelace worked seven days a week , cutting down only recently to six . "  He loved the law , " Joyce says . "  He was the most intelligent man I 've ever met , " his son , Chris Lovelace , says . "  If you needed advice , regardless of what the subject was , you could always take his and trust it and rest assured that things would work out . " The lawyers who argued cases before him remembered how well prepared he was -- and that his decisions were rarely reversed by appellate courts . FDA : More issues with drugs from Mass. facility "  He believed in proper courtroom decorum and had a respect for the legal system and for the office he held , " David Cross , an Albany lawyer , wrote in an article in The Wayne County Outlook . "  He will be remembered as one of the most influential figures in our county 's history . " Lovelace 's family remembers him as a loving father , grandfather , and great-grandfather . He sometimes took his granddaughters to work with him , letting them play with their Barbie dolls quietly behind him on the bench while he heard cases . Lovelace 's term as judge would have ended in two years , and he had planned on opening a law practice with one of those granddaughters , Megan Lovelace Thompson , who recently graduated from law school . "  He was really looking forward to that , " Joyce says . "  He had many more years -- good years . " Now the entire family has to figure out how to live on without the man they describe as "  the center of our universe . " "  I was married when I was 19 . I do n't remember what it 's like not to be married , " Joyce says . "  It was such a useless death . " CNN 's Trisha Henry and William Hudson contributed to this report .	Judge Eddie Lovelace initially was thought to have died of a stroke His family now believes he contracted meningitis through contaminated injections Other cases will "  gradually come to light , " one doctor says Lovelace 's wife says his death was "  useless "
CNN  -- Jo-Wilfried Tsonga is two victories away from becoming the first local male player to win the French Open in 30 years after he dismantled Roger Federer in a stunning 7-5 6-3 6-3 victory in Tuesday 's quarterfinal . The 28-year-old must now beat Spanish fourth seed David Ferrer , who saw off compatriot Tommy Robredo in a 6-2 6-1 6-1 win , in the semifinal if he is to replicate Yannick Noah 's 1983 triumph . Only one Frenchman has reached the men 's singles finals at Roland Garros since , with Henri Laconte beaten by Mats Wilander of Sweden in 1988 . Sixth seed Tsonga was in irresistible form on Tuesday as he atoned for the intense disappointment of his quarterfinal exit against Novak Djokovic last year , when he lost despite creating four match points . "  It 's extraordinary to be here and to have won , " he said . "  I could not have dreamed it any better . I played superbly and I beat a champion who has won everything . " When Federer took an early break in the first set , it seemed as though the Swiss would be coasting to yet another grand slam semifinal but the 28-year-old Frenchman rallied in superb form . The first Frenchman into the last four since Gael Monfils five years ago , Tsonga has reached his first semifinal at Roland Garros without dropping a set . Meanwhile , 31-year-old Federer -- who was bidding for an 18th grand slam title -- struggled to find any rhythm on a surface where he has never convinced . The defeat means the former world number one has failed to reach the semifinals of a grand slam for only the fifth time since 2004 . Only one of his 17 grand slams has come in Paris , with the Swiss having won the Australian Open four times , the U.S. Open on five occasions and Wimbledon in seven different years . In a performance littered with 34 unforced errors , the demise of 2009 champions Federer came in just one hour and 51 minutes to the delight of those watching courtside at the Chatrier stadium . "  I thought he played great today , " Federer said . "  He was , in all areas , better than me today . That 's why the result was pretty clean . "  I was impressed by the way he played today . I think I struggled a little bit everywhere . To be honest , personally , I 'm pretty sad about the match and the way I played . " Tsonga -- who lost his only grand slam final to Novak Djokovic at the 2008 Australian Open -- has triumphed in only one of his three meetings against Ferrer , when defeating the Spaniard at Wimbledon in 2011 . Ferrer made light work of beating Robredo as he reached the semifinals at Roland Garros for the second year in succession , the key difference being that -- like Tsonga -- he has not dropped a set this time around . On Wednesday , the lineup for the second semifinal will be known when world No. 1 Novak Djokovic takes on Tommy Haas while Rafael Nadal will try to continue his domination of Paris when facing Switzerland 's Stanislas Wawrinka .	Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beats Roger Federer in straight sets to reach French Open semifinals Frenchman could become the first local male champion since Yannick Noah in 1983 Sixth seed will meet David Ferrer in the semifinals
CNN  -- The Obama administration on Wednesday proposed new tests and standards that would for the first time require child safety seats protect occupants from side-impact crashes . The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said the rules , which are mandated by Congress and would apply to all car seats for children weighing up to 40 pounds , could save lives . "  We estimate that this proposal would save the lives of five children every single year , and prevent over 60 injuries each year , " NHTSA Acting Administrator David Friedman told a Society of Automotive Engineers gathering in Washington . NHTSA said manufacturers in recent years have begun beefing up car seat structures and adding more padding to protect the head and torso , noting that those products are effective at protecting kids . But the government wants protocols in place for testing those products as well as formal performance standards for safety in side-impact crashes , which kill or seriously injure as many children as frontal-impact collisions , the agency said . There currently is a federal safety requirement car seats must meet for frontal crashes . Traffic fatalities involving young children have dropped sharply since the mid 1970s partly due to increasing use of car seats , NHTSA said . In data outlined by NHTSA in its proposal , more than 320 children four and younger were killed in all types of passenger vehicle crashes in 2009 . Slightly more than half were in car seats . The new sled tests proposed by NHTSA would simulate a "  t-bone " crash in which a small vehicle containing a child seat and traveling at 15 mph is struck broadside by another vehicle going twice that speed . Manufacturers would have to demonstrate that child seats can safely restrain an occupant and minimize force from the accident that is transmitted to the child 's upper body . Crash-test dummies representing the characteristics of children at ages 1 and 3 will be used . NHTSA said in its proposal that real-world data indicate head injuries are most common in side-impact crashes . The public will have 90 days to comment once the rules are published in the Federal Register . Comments , especially by industry , could also result in changes and finalizing a rule could take several months at least . If new requirements are ultimately put in place , car seat manufacturers will likely have several years to comply with new standards . Small cars yield mixed results in crash test , but improving overall	The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration proposes first-ever side-impact tests for car seats Those types of crashes are particularly dangerous because doors can collapse on passengers Car-seat makers are already improving designs , but Congress has ordered a standard be put in place More than 320 kids up to age 4 were killed in car crashes in 2009 ; more than half were in car seats
Space travelers , get ready for a new ride . The Dragon V2 got its grand reveal Thursday night by SpaceX founder Elon Musk , who showed off his company 's new spacecraft in a live webcast . While the California-based company has already made its mark on its industry in its 12 years in business , Dragon V2 marks a major milestone as SpaceX 's first spacecraft capable of bringing humans to the International Space Station then taking them back to Earth . "  It 's all around I think a big leap forward in technology , " Musk said . "  It really takes things to the next level . " The storied entrepreneur -- who also founded the Tesla car company and whose personality is thought by some to be the inspiration for Robert Downey Jr. 's take on Tony Stark , or "  Iron Man , " in recent movies -- said that "  Dragon Version 2 , " as he called it , can transport as many as seven astronauts for several days . One big upgrade from earlier models is that Dragon V2 will be reusable , which will cut down on costs and open up opportunities for humans to explore . Thanks to propulsion and other technology to slow its re-entry into Earth 's orbit and control its descent , Musk said the spacecraft should be able to land most anywhere much like a helicopter . "  As long as we continue to throw away rockets and spacecraft , we will never have true access to space , " Musk explained . "  It will always be incredibly expensive . " There are a series of back-up systems as well . That includes the recently unveiled Superdraco engine , two of which will be in each Dragon V2 . With 16,000 pounds of thrust , these engines will help allow the capsule to safely land . If one stops working , the other can take over ; if both stop , a parachute can be deployed to allow astronauts to float safely back down to Earth . As evidenced by the fact it is "  Version 2 , " the new spacecraft builds off existing technology developed by SpaceX . Already , SpaceX has embarked on three of its 12 scheduled missions to the International Space Station as part of its $ 1.6 billion contract with NASA . That includes the first ever connection between that orbiter and a private spacecraft in 2012 . But all its trips so far -- including back to Earth , when the SpaceX craft parachuted into the Pacific Ocean -- involved only cargo and were unmanned . Dragon V2 aims to change that . Thursday 's event included a dramatic unveiling of the new spacecraft , which stood about 15 feet tall , with a rounded , cone-shaped top . At one point , Musk even went inside and sat in one of its four reclined seats . While such an undertaking likely has been in the works for some time , it comes at a pivotal , uncertain time for the International Space Station and space travel , generally . NASA 's agreement with SpaceX -- plus its $ 1.9 billion deal with Virginia-based Orbital Sciences Corporation for eight missions -- takes on increased importance given Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin 's announcement earlier this month that his country does not plan to use the manned orbiter beyond 2020 . That announcement as well as ratcheted-up tensions between Russia and the West has raised concerns about the space station 's future , especially since Russian Soyuz aircraft have become the only way astronauts have been able to get to-and-fro since the end of the U.S. space shuttle program . This comes after President Barack Obama , in 2010 , pushed for the expansion of private-sector and commercial space industries as part of his reimagining of the U.S. space program . "  We will actually reach space faster and more often under this plan , " Obama said , adding this approach would send more astronauts into space over the next decade than previously planned . "  By the mid-2030s , I believe we can send people to orbit Mars and bring them safely back to Earth , " Group aims to send 2 humans near Mars Yet SpaceX is n't alone in its ambition to ferry people into space . In addition to various efforts to take people to Mars -- including one from the Paragon Space Development and the Inspiration Mars Foundation , which has vowed to launch a spacecraft in 2018 with two humans heading toward the Red Planet -- SpaceX has competition in its efforts to go to the International Space Station as well . It is one of three private companies -- along with Boeing and Sierra Nevada Corporation Space Systems -- who have completed the first step of NASA 's certification process to haul astronauts to the space station , the space agency announced Friday . NASA noted that it awarded $ 30 million contracts to all three companies along these lines in December 2012 . "  We 're making great strides toward returning human spaceflight launch capability to U.S. soil , " NASA official Phil McAlister said in a press release Friday . "  This certification is important to ensuring our crew members have reliable transportation to and from the space station where they are conducting research essential to advancing human exploration farther into the solar system . " Project : More than 100,000 want to go to Mars	NASA : SpaceX is one of 3 private firms to pass first step in NASA program SpaceX founder Elon Musk unveils the Dragon V2 , his company 's latest spacecraft SpaceX has flown several unmanned missions so far to the International Space Station The Dragon V2 is capable of carrying up to 7 people into space and then back to Earth
Philadelphia  CNN  -- After a campaign season marked mainly by Democrats fleeing his shadow , President Barack Obama embarked upon the final push of what he calls his last campaign Sunday , hoping to mobilize voters in the few pockets of the country where he remains somewhat popular . Obama headlined afternoon campaign rallies for Democratic gubernatorial candidates in Connecticut and Pennsylvania , capping off a cycle that saw him rally for only one Senate candidate and a handful of governors . His diminished presence in 2014 amounted mostly to headlining high-dollar fundraisers in wealthy neighborhoods , mostly on the coasts , where he sought to motivate donors amid bleak prospects for his party in Tuesday 's midterm elections . In tight races across the country , Democrats have distanced themselves from his policies , declaring themselves independent from the White House as Republicans worked overtime to lump them into the same unpopular mold . The President himself has fueled that effort at times , saying during an economic address in October that his "  policies are on the ballot " and telling Al Sharpton during a radio interview that vulnerable Democrats are "  all folks that vote with me . " Obama , whose presidential campaign drew massive crowds of young people and African-Americans in 2008 and 2012 , has been working to propel those voters to the polls . Democrats have little chance of keeping control of the Senate unless traditional Democratic voting blocs turn out in force . That was Obama 's goal Sunday in Philadelphia , where he revved up a majority black crowd at a rally for Democratic gubernatorial candidate Tom Wolf . "  We 've got some work to do . Because two days from now , you get to choose your future , " he said , reminding the 5,500 attendees that the historic battle for the right to vote must be honored by casting ballots in midterm elections . Obama reiterated that theme in Connecticut earlier Sunday at a rally for Gov. Dannel Malloy . "  Your vote matters , " he told the 1,900 supporters who came to see him speak in Bridgeport . "  Do n't let people tell you it does n't . " The crowd in Connecticut was largely enthusiastic about hearing from the President , but his speech was interrupted multiple times by protesters for immigration reform who carried signs with messages such as "  DREAMers demand bold , broad , inclusive relief . " Each time protesters interrupted Obama , they were shouted down by the crowd . On at least one occasion , members of the crowd ripped the signs away from a group of protesters , who were ultimately escorted out by security . The campaign effort over the weekend amounted to Obama 's biggest push for Democrats this cycle . His reduced role is the outcome of record low approval ratings and policies unpopular in many parts of the country . The restricted campaign role is n't necessarily where Obama wanted to be during the final congressional contests of his presidency , though past second-term presidents have similarly dragged down their party 's candidates . "  I 'm not on the ballot this time , and this is the last election cycle in which I 'm involved as President , " he said in Maine on Thursday . "  It makes you a little wistful , because I do like campaigning . It 's fun . " He was originally scheduled to campaign in Connecticut last month , but canceled shortly beforehand for meetings on his administration 's Ebola response . The president 's rescheduled appearance comes at a potentially critical point for Malloy . The one-term governor is polling neck-and-neck in his re-election battle against Republican nominee Tom Foley , a former U.S. ambassador to Ireland who lost to Malloy by only 6,400 votes in 2010 . A Quinnipiac poll released Wednesday had the two men at 43 % each among likely voters . A third candidate , Joseph Visconti , is polling third with 7 % in the same survey , with 6 % undecided . Despite these poll numbers , Connecticut Democratic Party spokesman Ian Sams said Sunday he believes a heavy emphasis on voter turnout will bring Malloy a win on Tuesday . "  I think with President Obama coming here today , we 're going to see a lot of interest from base Democratic voters , " Sims told CNN . "  If they come out to vote , turn out in full force , Gov. Malloy 's confident he 's going to win this campaign . " Connecticut is a reliably blue state , but not totally averse to GOP governors -- Malloy himself succeeded two Republicans when he took office . In Pennsylvania , Wolf has led the GOP incumbent Tom Corbett for most of the race , and while polls have narrowed recently , he still maintains an edge .	NEW : President Obama heckled by immigration protesters in Connecticut Obama is scheduled to campaign Sunday in Connecticut and Pennsylvania He 'll rally for two gubernatorial candidates , which is where he 's focused his fall campaigning His campaign stops have been limited this cycle amid low approval ratings
CNN  -- When kiteboarding was given the Olympic seal of approval earlier this year , the brightest stars in the sport were faced with some life-changing decisions . Would they continue as semi-professionals who sail for fun , or quit their day jobs and focus all their time and energy to qualify for the 2016 Olympics in Rio -- with a good shot at winning gold ? For the current world number one male and female kiteboard racers -- Johnny Heineken and Katja Roose -- the news that the International Sailing Federation  ISAF  had made their sport of choice an Olympic event was met with both celebration and contemplation . Roose , from the Netherlands , has been kiteboarding -- or kitesurfing as it 's also known -- for over ten years . For her , the decision to try and go pro after the Olympic announcement was easy . She was part of the team that went to Spain to convince ISAF that kiteboarding was a worthy Olympic contender , and she has her heart set on making the Dutch national team in four years time . "  My first goal is to qualify , and then I want to go to the Olympics and win a medal . It would be the most beautiful thing , " said the 31-year-old , who became the highest-ranking female kiteboard racer last year , according to the International Kiteboarding Association  IKA  . Since completing university , Roose has been working a full time job for an internet provider in Amsterdam -- training in the evenings and during the weekends . She even started putting in overtime every week to save enough time off to travel to the best and biggest ranking kireboarding tournaments around the world . But juggling a career and a competitive sport at the toughest international level is not an easy task , which is why Roose has decided to quit her job this month . "  If you want to be able to continue to be number one and win the Olympics , you have to dedicate more time to the sport . I might keep working one day a week to keep developing my career -- but I know this is what I have to do to have a chance to go to Rio , and I do n't want to miss that chance , " she said . Watch : Fastest man on the water Since ISAF announced that the sport would be featured in the 2016 Olympics , Roose has noticed a swell of interest from sponsors -- and quitting her job is all part of the plan to get a good sponsorship deal , enabling her to commit to the sport she loves . Men 's world number one Johnny Heineken has also had sponsors knocking on his door . The 23-year-old American grew up sailing and windsurfing in San Francisco Bay , and although he is "  super excited " about the prospect of competing in the Olympics and will "  definitely keep going " to try and qualify for 2016 , he is in no rush to resign from his day job just yet . Heineken works as a mechanical engineer for a company that specializes -- rather fittingly -- in kite-powered wind energy . It just so happens that his boss is also an avid kiteboarder , and allows him time off to go to races when needed . "  The boss is pretty stoked with what I am doing , so I am lucky in that respect , " said Heineken . "  I think for now it 's nice to be able to go home and not have to think of every race over and over again , to go to the office and keep a little bit of reality , " he added . Both Roose and Heineken believe ISAF 's decision will have a big impact on the future of kiteboarding . On the whole , Heineken thinks the changes to the sport will be positive -- but he is adamant that any significant alterations must "  be done right . " "  There is that saying : ` The quickest way of killing a class is to make it an Olympic class ' -- and that 's definitely not what we want , " he said . The quest to make the Olympics Games more exhilarating to a younger audience -- while ensuring that new sports are not altered too much -- is a challenge . However , both Heineken and Roose believe kiteboarding has enough of a "  cool-factor " to pull in the younger crowds without too much tinkering . "  Kiteboarding has always been cool and it 's a fast growing sport , " said Roose . "  Incorporating expression sports like snowboarding and kiteboarding definitely helps change the image of the Olympics , " she said . Watch : Investing in a winning team Indeed , the sport was developed in the 1990s and has rocketed in popularity over the last few years . IKA Executive Secretary Markus Schwendtner estimates there are more than 1.5 million participants globally -- with 100,000 new learners joining every year . According to the IKA , there are currently five categories of kiteboarding : Wave , freestyle , slalom , speed and course racing . Both Roose and Hainekken compete in "  course racing " , which was the category selected by ISAF as an Olympic sport . "  Course racing " is very similar to sailing 's "  fleet racing " and during a regatta it is common to have 60 or more kiteboarders cluster around a course at dramatic speeds . The most important elements of course racing are the ability to generate and control the speed -- often exceeding 50 knots or more -- and tactical understanding , something which both the world number ones learned at a young age while sailing traditional boats . Watch : A modern race with a classic design Roose spent "  every weekend sailing " with her parents around the Netherlands , while Hainekken raced skiffs for most of his life until he decided to focus solely on kiteboarding during his time at university . "  What I love about kiteboarding is that it is super fun and I still play around a lot when I practice , " said Hainekken , who admits he did n't find sailing much fun in the end . "  I think a lot of it has to do with eliminating tons of logistical aspects of sailing . I used to have to have my boat somewhere , have my crew there , have three other boats to train with and wherever your gear was based you had to travel to , " he said . "  But now I can just get up in the morning , pick what beach I want to train on , put my gear in the back of the car , and after a few text messages you know you will have an amazing fleet of kiteboarders to go out there and sail with . Making it easy makes it fun , " he added . For Roose , the thrill of kiteboarding is primal : "  Because you are using the wind and the water , every second and every day is different -- you have to adjust yourself to nature 's elements . You can use these things to do anything you want -- jump high into the air , speed up or just cruise . For me kiteboarding is ultimate freedom . "	Kiteboarding was selected as an Olympic sport in May and will be part of the 2016 line up in Rio The sport is practiced by ca 1.5 million participants globally -- with 100,000 new learners joining every year There are five categories of kiteboarding : wave , freestyle , slalom , speed and course racing
CNN  -- The federal prosecution of former U.S. Rep. Rick Renzi of Arizona will continue , a federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled Thursday . The three-judge panel said the lawmaker 's actions were not protected by the Constitution 's "  speech and debate " clause . "  Despite Renzi 's best efforts to convince us otherwise , we agree with the district court that the alleged choices and actions for which he is being prosecuted lie beyond those limits " of protected activity , the court said in a unanimous 45-page ruling . The privilege protects lawmakers and staffers from legal action over "  legislative " acts . The pending trial had been on hold while the constitutional issues were being appealed . Republican Renzi , 53 , faces federal corruption charges related to an alleged illegal land-swap deal , allegedly designed to help a business associate pay back $ 700,000 owed the lawmaker . He is also accused of misappropriating money from his family insurance business to fund his campaigns and for personal benefit . The charges include conspiracy , wire fraud , money laundering , extortion and insurance fraud . FBI agents raided his family business in 2007 , and he was indicted a year later . He decided not to seek re-election in 2008 . He has pleaded not guilty . "  The Supreme Court has made equally clear that the Speech or Debate Clause does not make members of Congress supercitizens immune from criminal responsibility , " said the appeals court . Renzi could now appeal his case to the Supreme Court . Previous lawmakers have sought to shield themselves from prosecution using the "  speech and debate " protection , including former Rep. William Jefferson , D-Louisiana . He was convicted and sentenced to 13 years in prison in 2009 for bribery and public corruption while in office . Renzi represented the large 1st District in his state , centered in Flagstaff . The case is U.S. v. Renzi  10-10088  .	Renzi faces corruption charges related to an alleged illegal land-swap deal He says clause in Constitution protects him from legal action Federal appeals court says "  speech and debate " clause does not apply
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A series of photographic exhibitions have been organized in Europe and North America this autumn to highlight a campaign by Britain 's Prince Charles to combat tropical deforestation . An aerial of Jambi Province , Indonesia showing the destruction of the tropical rainforest . The photographs were taken by world-renowned environment photographer Daniel Beltra who was this year 's winner of the Prince 's Rainforest Project Award at the Sony World Photography Awards earlier this year . The images graphically depict the effects of climate change on the rainforests in the South America , Africa and Indonesia . Beltra compiled a library of around 40,000 images during month long trips to the Amazon Basin , the Congolese Forest and Borneo and Sumatra in Southeast Asia . When he returned home Beltra produced a shortlist of around 1000 images from which the final exhibition photos were selected . "  I shoot a lot when I 'm in the air , " Beltra told CNN . "  Trying to concentrate on a small detail on the ground when your flying at a speed of 150 knots is difficult . " And that 's not the only problem Beltra encountered . The very acts of destruction he was documenting often got in the way of his work . Click here to see a selection of images from the exhibition " "  When you are photographing deforestation , you are taking a lot of pictures of logging and fires and the smoke can make it very difficult to shoot . " Beltra was born in Spain but is now based in the United States . His work , which includes freelancing for the international environmental group Greenpeace , has taken him to over 50 countries and he is a fellow of the International League of Conservation Photographers . HRH Prince Charles has long been a passionate defender of the environment and he founded the Prince 's Rainforest Project  PRP  in 2007 . The PRP works alongside governments , international businesses , non-profit organizations and rainforest nations to find a solution to the deforestation and degradation of the rainforests . Speaking at the Sony Awards in Cannes , France earlier this year the Prince said : "  Photographic images can tell a compelling story about the truth of the situation , and the truth is that if we lose the fight against tropical deforestation , then we lose the fight against climate change . " Beltra hopes that his pictures will raise further awareness of the perils that humans face in the wake of continued rainforest destruction . "  I think we are all getting more aware but we really need to get our act together because at the moment we are destroying more than we are protecting , " he said . The multimedia exhibitions organized by Sony are taking place at the Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew in London , the Hotel de Ville , Paris , the Alexa Center , Berlin and the Mercy Corps Action Center , New York .	New photography exhibition showcases the destruction of the rainforests Images taken by world-renowned environmental photographer Daniel Beltra Photos form part of wider rainforest campaign by Britain 's Prince Charles
CNN  -- Anti-American sentiment is nothing new in Iran . But what about government officials ordering that billboards expressing such views be taken down ? That 's what is happening in Tehran , where billboards bearing anti-U.S. slogans were collected , according to the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . Hadi Ayazi , a spokesman for Tehran municipality , told reporters that a cultural institute had installed the billboards without the consent of Tehran municipality 's cultural council , IRNA reports . The move comes during a seeming thaw in U.S.-Iran relations , amid ongoing talks over the latter 's nuclear program . U.S. President Barack Obama and Iranian Hassan Rouhani have even exchanged letters , with both signaling openness to further improvement . Still , like the stringent U.S.-led sanctions imposed on Iran , the animosity and tension are n't entirely gone . On the same English-language front page of IRNA , for instance , there was a story in which Ali Larijani , speaker of Iran 's Parliament , criticized "  some talkative creatures " in U.S. politics for criticizing Iran and its involvement in a possible political solution in Syria . Iran will participate in upcoming Syria talks -- if invited Nuclear group : Time Iran would need to make uranium for a bomb ` too short '	Billboards with anti-U.S. slogans are collected in Iranian capital , state news reports Those who put them did n't have permission from Tehran authorities , spokesman says This comes amid a thaw in U.S.-Iran relations , though tension and differences remain
CNN  -- Are clues to alleged murders hidden in tattoos on the right forearm of former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez ? Police and prosecutors have charged Hernandez , 24 , with two counts of first-degree murder in the July 2012 killings of two men in Boston . They are now seeking the help of tattoo artists who may have inked him after the homicides . Hernandez is in jail awaiting trial in the separate 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd . A grand jury indicted Hernandez last week in the 2012 shooting deaths of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado , and he is to be arraigned on the new charges on May 28 . "  Boston Police and Suffolk prosecutors are seeking assistance from tattoo artists who may have inked Aaron Hernandez in the aftermath of the 2012 homicides of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado , " the Suffolk County district attorney said in a statement . The artists being sought for potential evidence are considered witnesses and are not accused of any wrongdoing , the statement said . Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley has said de Abreu and Furtado were "  ambushed and executed " while driving home along Shawmut Avenue in Boston 's South End early on July 16 , 2012 . In addition to the two counts of first-degree murder , Hernandez has been charged with three counts of armed assault with intent to murder and one count of assault and battery by means of a dangerous weapon , the district attorney said . The latter four counts reflect shots fired at three people , one of whom was wounded , inside the car that de Abreu and Furtado were in , Conley said . Conley said that Hernandez was driving an SUV that pulled up alongside de Abreu and Furtado 's car near a nightclub and that the former football star fired a .38 - caliber revolver at them . Investigators are hoping to speak with the artist or artists who inked Hernandez with specific tattoos on his right forearm between February 2012 and June 2013 , the statement said . During that time , Hernandez is known to have traveled to Hermosa Beach , California ; Bristol , Connecticut ; Palm Beach and Miami , Florida ; Boston ; and Rhode Island . "  In order not to taint any potential statements , authorities are not publicly describing the specific tattoos or the nature of the inquiry -- only that the artists may have made observations of evidentiary value in the pending Suffolk County murder prosecutions , " the statement said . In the other case , Hernandez was charged with first-degree murder and weapons charges in connection with the shooting death of Lloyd , a 27-year-old semipro football player , in North Attleboro , Massachusetts , about a mile from Hernandez 's home . Lloyd was dating a sister of Hernandez 's fiancee 's . Anyone with more information is asked to contact Boston Police Sgt. Detective Marc Sullivan at 617-343-5839 . Hernandez 's jail visitors have included his fiancee and his cousin , Tanya Cummings Singleton , both of whom face charges in connection with the Lloyd homicide , court papers revealed in February . Last week , prosecutors announced that Singleton was charged with criminal contempt of court in connection with the de Abreu and Furtado slayings . She is to be arraigned June 2 on an additional indictment for criminal contempt of court .	Prosecutors seek tattoo artists who inked former NFL star between February 2012 , June 2013 The artists are considered witnesses , not suspects , prosecutors say Hernandez was charged with two counts of first-degree murder in July 2012 slayings He 's awaiting trial in separate 2013 slaying of semipro player Odin Lloyd
Republicans will unveil a rebranding effort Thursday aimed at changing its image as a political party focused solely on obstructing President Barack Obama 's agenda to instead a champion of ideas and action . It is being spearheaded by Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus , who will deliver a speech at a local university outlining the GOP 's legislative efforts across 11 topic areas ranging from jobs and national security to values and immigration . "  If you asked the country , most people would say they know our party opposes many of those policies , " Priebus is expected to say about the GOP 's view of Obama 's legislative goals , according to an early draft of his remarks obtained by CNN . "  We oppose them because we know there 's a better way . "  So before November , I wanted to take a moment , cut through the noise , and talk about what 's driving the Republican Party . People know what we 're against . I want to talk about the things we 're for . " Obama spotlights economy in midterm message The plan is to arm surrogates and candidates with detailed information to emphasize in cable television and talk radio appearances and on the campaign trail about what the GOP has accomplished in Congress as well as discuss the party 's vision . Some of the subjects include legislation by Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul to address unemployment , efforts by Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Utah Sen. Mike Lee to eliminate the marriage penalty and an immigration plan that emphasizes stricter security along the borders . This new push by Republicans to change their image comes one month before the midterm elections in which the GOP is expected to easily hold its majority in the House and perhaps take control of the Senate . CNN Poll : Big swing for Democrats but not where they need it Despite the predictions by nonpartisan political handicappers of GOP electoral success in November , there is an acknowledgment within the party that it needs to do a better job convincing voters that its objective is greater than just derailing Obama 's agenda . It was just one year ago when Republican opposition to the new health care law -- otherwise known as Obamacare -- forced the federal government to shut down for several weeks . Many Republicans acknowledge the shutdown hurt the GOP 's image with voters frustrated by Washington inaction and dysfunction . The ability to demonstrate it can govern effectively is essential for both political parties over the next two years , as it will set the stage for what is discussed , attacked and promoted in the 2016 presidential campaign . It is no secret that the conservative grassroots have been hypercritical of the GOP establishment in recent years over the direction of the party , execution of ideas and decision to protect incumbent Republican lawmakers who do not meet the grassroots definition of a full-blooded conservative . An RNC official said that this plan was drafted after soliciting extensive input from political and grassroots activists , campaign operatives and elected officials over the past several months about what messages needed to be highlighted .	Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus is spearheading the plan Priebus : I want voters to know what Republicans are for , not just what they 're against This new push comes one month before the midterm elections ; polls favor the GOP
Health.com  -- Overweight and obese adults who followed the Weight Watchers program lost more than twice as much weight as those who received weight-loss advice from a doctor or nurse , according to a new yearlong study funded by the company . The study , which was published Wednesday in the Lancet , included 772 men and women in Australia , Germany , and the United Kingdom who were recruited during ordinary doctor 's appointments . The researchers randomly selected about half of the participants to receive a free 12-month Weight Watchers membership  including access to weekly meetings  , and encouraged the other half to attend monthly one-on-one weight-management sessions at their doctor 's office . The 61 % of Weight Watchers users who stuck with the program for a full year lost 15 pounds , on average , compared with 7 pounds among the 54 % of people in the other group who continued to visit their doctors each month . When the researchers included the people who dropped out of either program before the year was up , the average weight loss was lower but followed the same pattern : 11 pounds in the Weight Watchers group and 5 pounds in the other group . Health.com : 25 ways to cut 500 calories a day Michael Jensen , M.D. , an endocrinologist at the Mayo Clinic , in Rochester , Minnesota , says it 's only natural that the weekly weigh-ins and "  group spirit " of programs such as Weight Watchers would prove more effective than occasional guidance from a doctor or nurse , since research has shown that dieters are more likely to stick with weight-loss programs that stress accountability . "  It 's not terribly surprising that a group whose whole career is basically helping people with weight management would do a better job than a primary-care group that has a lot more responsibilities on top of that , " says Jensen , who was not involved in the study . Similar studies of other commercial weight-loss systems , such as Jenny Craig and prepackaged food programs , have produced comparable results in the past . In a 2010 study funded by Jenny Craig and published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , for instance , women who completed one year of the program lost about 20 pounds , three or four times more than women who received occasional advice from a nutritionist . Health.com : 25 diet-busting foods you should never eat Still , the authors of the new study say they were surprised by how dedicated the Weight Watchers participants were -- they attended three meetings a month , on average -- and by how much weight they actually lost . "  I do n't think we could have predicted that people randomly allocated to Weight Watchers by their doctor -- rather than choosing to attend of their own accord , which would give a selected group of probably more motivated people -- would lose significantly more weight , " says lead author Susan Jebb , Ph.D. , a diet and population health researcher at the UK Medical Research Council , in Cambridge . People may be more likely to stick with a program like Weight Watchers when they 're participating free of charge , however . The cost of Weight Watchers can run as high as $ 500 per year , a price tag that could sap the motivation of real-world dieters who are paying out of pocket . At the same time , Jensen says , it 's possible that some people paying out pocket might be less likely to drop the program because they 'd feel obligated to get their money 's worth . Health.com : Best superfoods for weight loss The study participants had a body mass index  BMI  between 27 and 35 and at least one additional risk factor for obesity-related disease , such as excess belly fat or a family history of diabetes .  People with a BMI over 25 and 30 are considered overweight and obese , respectively . A 5-foot , 6-inch woman with a BMI of 27 weighs 167 pounds . People in the Weight Watchers group were three times more likely than the other participants to lose 10 % or more of their initial body weight . And nearly two-thirds of the Weight Watchers users lost 5 % or more of their body weight , versus one-third in the other group . "  Those really are medically very significant numbers , " Jensen says . "  For overweight or obese people , that kind of loss results in pretty substantial improvements in health and disease risk -- to the point where , if you 're on medication for blood pressure or cholesterol or diabetes and you can -LSB- lose -RSB- 10 % of your weight , you 've got at least a reasonable chance of decreasing or discontinuing that medication . " Health.com : The 10 best foods for your heart Jebb and her colleagues say that partnerships between primary care physicians and commercial weight-loss programs like Weight Watchers could be an effective and inexpensive way to treat certain people who struggle to maintain a healthy weight . A cost-benefit analysis will be needed to determine whether doctors should recommend such programs to their patients more often , and which patients might benefit the most , Jebb says . But , she adds , the programs appear to be promising and may be more cost-effective than one-on-one doctor 's appointments , not to mention untreated obesity complications . Although Weight Watchers sponsored the study , Jebb stresses that the company had no control over the design or results . "  Our research contract included a clause to allow us the right to publish the data regardless of the outcome , " she says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	People lost more on Weight Watchers than with docs ' advice , WW study says Studies of other weight loss plans have had comparable results Researchers were surprised at participants ' dedication Weight Watchers funded the study but had no control over design or results
InStyle.com  -- Actress Cameron Diaz talks candidly about love , guys , friends , family and charting her own course . Sunny days and a smiling Diaz , here shot near the Malibu shore . "  I 'm mostly a jeans girl , " she says Casual style Diaz does n't strive to be taken seriously . Her style is relaxed , never more evident than with her wardrobe . "  I do n't like overdone or being too put-together , " she explains . "  I like casual chic . Eclectic style . I want to feel like I can go anywhere , whatever I 'm wearing . " Today is no exception . She 's half glam , half laid-back . Her casualness comes courtesy of frayed jeans that show off her lightly tanned legs . "  I found these jeans today and was , like , ` Well hello , Abercrombie jeans ! ' They 're really old , and I love them . I do n't care that they 've got holes in them . " Watch thoughts on friends and sexy poll results " She has paired them with a simple black sweater and added a dash of glitz with a crystal-and-gold cocktail ring from Barneys . "  I 'm Cuban , so I 'm drawn to things that sparkle . I like to use accessories to give things a bit of my own flavor . " Men So , is Diaz dating ? "  I 'm a woman , " she says , like , Duh ! "  Of course I 'm dating . And is that so surprising ? Oh my god , she 's dating ! " So when you make a reported $ 15 million per movie , how do you make the call that someone is boyfriend material ? "  I trust my judgment , " she says . And though she wo n't divulge whom she 's spending time with , she 's clear on what she 's looking for . "  My list is all about balance . You can have smart but not funny . You can have funny but not very smart . You can have intellectual but not social . But ... I want it all ! " Not that her life has gone exactly as planned . "  I thought I 'd be married and have kids by the time I was 22 . But when I got to 22 , I realized that was n't what I wanted , which was a huge lesson for me , " she says . "  Am I going to have a baby ? Who knows ? I do n't . I 'm not going to live my life looking just for that . How can I know what my future holds ? " She pauses , then offers an answer : "  How about this -- I am happy right now . Does that count for anything ? " Family Diaz lives 45 minutes from her family and has always spent a great deal of time with them . She raves about her parents , crediting them with fostering her sense of humor . "  They just celebrated their 39th wedding anniversary . They 're just really good , cool people . " This is one woman with a well populated inner circle . Says Diaz : "  I know I 'll never be in a situation where I ca n't get to somebody for support . " That support will never be more important . Sadly , after this interview was conducted , her father , Emilio Diaz , passed away unexpectedly . In the following days , the actress released a statement on behalf of her sister and mother : "  My dad was so loved by so many people , and his humor and spirit will always live in our hearts . " Two of her father 's favorite groups were the ocean conservation organizations Reef Check and Surfrider . To honor her father , she has asked that donations be made to those organizations in his name . In her interview , Diaz remembered how her dad taught a then scrawny young girl how to fight bullies in school . "  He said he 'd always back me up if I got in trouble . He is a good man , stand up and loyal . " Looks like that runs in the family .	Actress Cameron Diaz likes "  casual chic , eclectic style " Says she trust her judgment when it comes to dating Her father taught her how to fight bullies in school
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush 's budget chief blamed the faltering economy and the bipartisan stimulus package for the record $ 482 billion deficit the White House predicted for the 2009 budget year . The White House blames a faltering economy and the stimulus package for the increased budget deficit . Jim Nussle , the director of the Office of Management and Budget , said the deficit would be about 3.3 percent of the nation 's gross domestic product , the measure of the nation 's total economy . The fiscal year begins October 1 , 2008 . The federal deficit is the difference between what the government spends and what it takes in from taxes and other revenue sources . The government must borrow money to make up the difference . While the deficit would be a record in absolute dollar terms , Nussle said it would be below the 2004 deficit , 3.6 percent of GDP , and the record deficit of 1983 , 6 percent of GDP , when compared with the size of the overall U.S. economy . White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said the stimulus package was necessary , even if it increased the deficit . "  We do think the plan was the right one , and it will have an effect , " she said . "  And the best way to help reduce the deficit is to make sure you are keeping a lock on spending , but also that you can also try to help to build the economy . So we hope this will help us pull out of the economic downturn over the next few months because of the stimulus package . "  I remember that back when we were discussing the stimulus package , both parties recognized that the deficit would increase , and that would be the price that we pay in order to help improve the economy , " she said . Nussle said the $ 170 billion , bipartisan stimulus , which congressional Democrats and Bush agreed to earlier this year , was a major reason the deficit was expected to reach record levels next year . The deficit projection for 2009 would have been only 2.2 percent of the economy , or $ 272 billion , if the stimulus package is excluded , Nussle said . Watch Nussle warn Congress not to increase spending " "  The determination was made that getting the economy back on track was a higher priority than immediate deficit reduction , " Nussle said . He said the OMB projects that the deficit would fall after the 2009 budget year , and he predicted that the government would have a surplus in budget year 2012 , if the president 's budget blueprint is followed . "  Near-term deficits are temporary and manageable if -- and only if -- we keep spending in check , the tax burden low and the economy growing , " Nussle said , warning that congressional Democrats were planning to add billions of dollars in spending to the federal budget . President Bush inherited a budget surplus of $ 128 billion when he took office in 2001 but has since posted a budget deficit every year . View a history of the government deficits and surpluses " The Bush administration has spent heavily on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and faces a large budget shortfall in tax revenue in part because of Bush 's tax cuts and a souring economy . A Democratic point man on the budget , Sen. Kent Conrad of North Dakota , blasted the administration for its "  reckless fiscal policies , " blaming the president 's tax cuts for driving the government into deficit and saying Bush "  will be remembered as the most fiscally irresponsible president in our nation 's history . " Watch Conrad call the federal debt Bush 's legacy " Conrad , who chairs the Senate 's budget committee , accused the president of "  squandering " the surplus he inherited from President Bill Clinton and said the increased debt the government has taken on to cover the deficit has undermined the value of the dollar and hurt the overall economy . "  If they gave out Olympic medals for fiscal irresponsibility , President Bush would take the gold , silver and bronze , " Conrad said . "  With his eight years in office , he will have had the five highest deficits ever recorded . And the highest of those deficits is now projected to come in 2009 , as he leaves office . " But a senior administration official says the budgetary problems stem from what he called inadequate defense , intelligence and homeland security resources that were handed down from Clinton . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office in March projected the deficit for the 2008 fiscal year , which ends September 30 , would be $ 357 billion . It predicted the 2009 deficit to be $ 342 billion , if the president 's proposals were adopted . Both assumptions , however , were made before the economic stimulus package was passed by Congress and signed by the president this spring . The CBO said it would release revised deficit estimates in September . The two major presidential candidates -- Democrat Sen. Barack Obama and Republican Sen. John McCain -- used news that the United States ' budget deficit will hit a record high as an opportunity to criticize each other 's fiscal plans . CNN 's Brianna Keiler and Scott Anderson contributed to this report .	NEW : Deficit in budget year 2009 expected to grow to $ 482 billion , budget chief says NEW : 2009 deficit is smaller than 2004 deficit in terms of GDP , Nussle says White House points to faltering economy , budget stimulus package for increase Top Democrat says Bush has won "  gold medal " for fiscal irresponsibility
Kansas City , Missouri  CNN  -- Friends and family gathered Sunday for an emotional prayer vigil for a missing 11-month-old Missouri girl as new surveillance video surfaced from the night Lisa Irwin disappeared . The video , taken from a BP gas station less than two miles from the home where Lisa was last seen , shows an unidentified person walking along the road around 2:15 a.m. October 4 . The station manager , Anuj Arora , said it 's unusual to see anyone walking at that time of night in the region . Arora , who shared the video with CNN on Sunday , said he also turned it over to authorities investigating Lisa 's disappearance in hopes it will help in the search for the girl . The FBI and Kansas City police declined to comment on the video , citing the ongoing investigation . Meanwhile Sunday , Lisa 's parents , Deborah Bradley and Jeremy Irwin , were seen wiping away tears at the candlelight vigil outside their home . They wore T-shirts emblazoned with Lisa 's image . Lisa was reported missing at 4 a.m. October 4 , after Jeremy Irwin came home from work to find the door unlocked , the lights on and a window that had been tampered with . Bradley said she last saw Lisa at 6:40 p.m. the night before . A cadaver dog searching the family 's home indicated a positive "  hit " for the scent of a body , according to documents released Friday . The information was included in an affidavit , dated Tuesday , police filed to request a search warrant of the home . The warrant was executed Wednesday . "  The cadaver dog indicated a positive ` hit ' for the scent of a deceased human in the area of the floor of Bradley 's bedroom near the bed , " the affidavit read . It also said that interviews with people involved in the case "  revealed conflicting information " and that Bradley told police she did not initially look for her baby behind the house because she "  was afraid of what she might find . " The attorney for Lisa 's parents said the release of the affidavit Friday was "  unfortunate , " as it could derail the search for the missing girl . Joe Tacopina described his clients as "  very shaken up and they refuse to believe anything except that she is out there and alive . " He said Lisa 's parents are "  terrified , not for themselves , but for the welfare of their daughter . " Bradley said in an NBC interview last week that she was drunk the night the infant disappeared and that she had last seen the baby about four hours earlier than initially reported . Bradley told NBC she is afraid she will be arrested . Police have accused her of killing Lisa , she said , and told her that she failed a lie detector test . "  I was the last one with her , " a tearful Bradley said . "  And from judging on how the questioning went , that 's kind of a fear that I have . And the main fear with that is , if they arrest me , people are going to stop looking for her . And then I 'll never see her again , and I 'll never know what happened . " Asked whether he had questions about Bradley , Jeremy Irwin told NBC , "  No . There 's no question to be had there . I know who she is . I know the kind of mother she is . " Irwin said it 's possible someone could have entered the house without Bradley hearing , as the couple 's bedroom is on the opposite corner of the house from Lisa 's room and Bradley sleeps with a fan at high speed . Lisa is described as being 30 inches tall with blue eyes and blonde hair , according to police . She weighs between 26 and 30 pounds and was last seen wearing purple shorts and a purple shirt with white kittens on it . The missing girl has two bottom teeth and a "  beauty mark " on her right outer thigh , police said . At the time of her disappearance , she had a cold with a cough . CNN 's Sandra Endo and Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	Gas station video shows unidentified person walking in the early morning hours of October 4 The gas station is less than two miles from the home where Lisa Irwin was last seen Authorities decline to comment on the video , citing the ongoing investigation Lisa 's parents attend an emotional prayer vigil for the girl
CNN  -- China 's Li Na hit the heights earlier this year when she made it to the semifinals of the Australian Open , beating Venus Williams along the way . "  I was so excited after I beat Venus -LSB- Williams -RSB- , because I knew this was a special day ... and for Chinese tennis because they had two players in the semi-final . I mean , that 's not easy for Asian countries , " she told CNN . Li and her compatriot Jie Zheng , who also reached the Australian Open semifinals this year , have given the profile of Chinese tennis a boost . But Li , China 's first tennis player to break into the top 10 world rankings , actually quit the game at the end of 2002 . "  I was feeling really sick , everyday . I never stopped . I did n't want to kill my body . I mean , I have a long life , I do n't want it to be only for tennis , " she said . She was first brought back to the game by a call to play in the Chinese national championships and then returned to the Tour in 2004 . "  When I was young -LSB- the Chinese tennis authorities -RSB- paid a lot of money for me to play in tournaments and do everything for me , so if now they need help I have to give back to them , " she said . "  The plan was to finish university by 2005 and then finally get some sort of job for life . But after 2005 my ranking was 33 in the world and I thought ` Oh my God , what is going on ? I have to continue to play . " ' Compared to the more demure Zheng Jie , she 's been portrayed as a rebel , sporting a tattoo and once telling Chinese fans to shut up during her semifinal match against Dinara Safina in the Beijing Olympics . "  They kept yelling , ` Kill her ! ' with every shot ... I mean the fans are not bad , I know they just really wanted me to win the match . But maybe next time I will have more experience . I will just keep asking them to be quiet please ! " She also made the decision to leave China 's state tennis system after the Beijing Olympic Games . Until then she had to give 65 percent of her winnings to the Chinese government . Today , operating outside of the state system , Li still has to give 12 percent of the winning to the government . "  The Chinese way is different from the Western way , because our government gives you a lot of help and just asks back a little bit ... if someone helps you and you never give back , I 'd think they did n't want to be friends with me , " she explained . Li is hopeful that other Chinese players will follow in her footsteps , although it may be a long wait for a Chinese man to emulate her Grand Slam tournament performances . "  I believe that in five year for sure , there will be a Chinese guy coming into the Top 50 . They are working so hard . In winter training I was with the national team , so I saw a lot of good players among juniors -- young girls and boys . So I was feeling ` Yeah , after three years maybe China will be like Russia or America ' -- they have many people coming to play in tournaments , " she said .	Li Na is China 's first top 10 tennis player , often portrayed as a rebel Highest ranking of 10 came after reaching semifinal of Australian Open Quit tennis at end of 2002 , but returned in 2004 and has risen up rankings since
China has emerged as one of the fastest-growing sources of international buyers for US real estate -- in what some see as a sign that China 's rich are increasingly seeking to take their money out of the country . According to a report published by the National Association of Realtors this week , buyers from China and Hong Kong made up the second-largest group of foreign buyers of homes in the US in the 12 months to March -- Canadians took first place -- accounting for $ 9bn of sales . That is a 23 per cent increase on the $ 7.3 bn of sales they notched up in the previous 12 months and an 88 per cent increase from $ 4.8 bn of sales in 2010 . "  International Chinese buyers are seen as a very desirable market by real estate agents at the moment , " said Jed Smith , managing director at the NAR . "  The strongest growth is coming from China and the rise of Chinese buyers has made up for declines in sales from buyers from the UK and Mexico . " Sales to international Chinese buyers still represent only a tiny fraction of the overall US market , which recorded $ 928.2 bn in sales in the year to March . But at the top end of the market , it 's a different story . The 23 per cent jump in sales value , despite flat sales volume , suggests that Chinese buyers have been active at the top end . Pamela Liebman , chief executive of The Corcoran Group , a residential real estate brokerage company , says there has been a "  huge " influx of wealthy mainland Chinese shopping for high-end properties in New York since the start of the year . "  It 's extraordinary , " she says . "  Five years ago , we never talked about Chinese buyers . We started noticing them 18 months ago but they have only become much more prevalent in the past year . " Ms Liebman says she saw "  hundreds of millions " of dollars in sales last year to Chinese buyers and the pace has intensified since the start of 2012 . "  The past quarter has been our best quarter ever in terms of sales to Chinese buyers . " Properties that have been snapped up by China 's rich range from $ 1m apartments to $ 20m trophy properties . "  Buying groups " -- group tours of mainland buyers coming to New York to view properties -- have become commonplace , says Ms Liebman . "  It 's a market that we are now targeting heavily , " she says . "  We have been recruiting Mandarin-speaking agents and have launched affiliations with brokers in China . " Reasons for purchases vary , say those who have dealt with overseas Chinese buyers . Some are buying because they want to emigrate or they have children who will go to school in the US . Others buy because the numbers add up : despite its recent dip , the renminbi is still up more than 4 per cent against the US dollar since the start of 2010 while US house prices are still in recovery mode and appear cheap compared with Australia or Canada . "  When you look at how cheap US real estate is now compared with China , it makes a lot of sense to buy there , especially since you have more rights when you own a property in America , " said a wealthy Chinese investor who has bought several properties in the US but asked not to be named so as not to draw attention to the fact of shifting assets abroad . Still others are simply looking for somewhere safe to park their cash . In a year that has seen China affected by political infighting at the top and mounting evidence that the economy faces a bigger-than-expected slowdown , there has been a sharp rise in Chinese millionaires seeking to settle in the US or at least to secure residency rights . EB-5 , a little-known programme that gives a green card to any foreigner who invests at least $ 500,000 in a business forming 10 or more jobs in the US , received a record 1,675 Chinese applications during the first quarter . That compares with 2,408 applications in the whole of last year , 772 in 2010 and 63 in 2006 . "  There is no doubt that the political situation back home is having an impact on how China 's rich are thinking of preserving their wealth , " says Ms Liebman . In China , all land is owned by the state and investors can only buy leasing rights of usually up to 70 years , rather than to secure outright ownership .	China has emerged as one of the fastest-growing sources of international buyers for US real estate China and Hong Kong made up the second-largest group of foreign buyers of homes in the U.S.
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The estranged wife of actor Stephen Collins said Wednesday she is n't trying to extort any money from her husband as they go through a contentious divorce and the former "  7th Heaven " star is the subject of child molestation allegations . The allegations surfaced Tuesday after celebrity news site TMZ posted an audio recording that purports to have been made during a November 2012 therapy session involving Collins and his wife , Faye Grant . The accusations against the actor best known for playing a pastor on "  7th Heaven , " which ran for 11 years , are explosive . In the recording , the website says , Collins made incriminating statements . They are similar to those Grant accuses him of in divorce filings , namely that he admitted to her that he molested three underage girls . Neither Collins ' attorney nor his agent have returned any of CNN 's numerous calls . But in a court filing in the couple 's divorce , Grant claimed Collins , now 67 , had "  been engaging in a long-term pattern of sexually molesting children . " Collins ' lawyer fired back , saying in his client 's legal response that her claims were "  really an attempt to extort concessions in settlement . " On Wednesday , Grant released a statement denying she wants more than half of the marital assets . "  This is a deeply sad situation for everyone involved . With regard to the divorce proceedings , I am seeking no more than that to which I am legally entitled under the laws of the State of California , " she said . TMZ also reported Wednesday that "  Collins ' people " said Grant was using the recording from the therapy session as a means to getting a larger settlement . Her divorce lawyer , Larry Ginsberg , said the accusation is untrue . "  Faye never asked for more than the ` guideline ' amount of spousal support based on Mr. Collins ' income . From the very beginning of the dissolution of marriage matter , Faye has worked diligently to get this matter settled and to put it behind her while coping with the distress and trauma suffered as a result of the revelations about Mr. Collins ' life . " Grant said in the court documents that she was unaware of Collins ' behavior until he told her in January 2012 . They separated the next month , after almost 27 years of marriage . A can of worms Tuesday 's revelation opened up a whole can of worms for the actor . The gist of it is this : A relative of Collins ' first wife went to police in November 2012 and told them she was sexually assaulted by Collins when she was 14 years old while inside his New York apartment , a senior law enforcement official told CNN on Tuesday evening . Due to the statute of limitations , he ca n't face charges in the case . There are specific laws in child sexual abuse cases in New York that do allow for an extension of the statute of limitations in certain cases , but this particular allegation against Collins ca n't be prosecuted , the official added . Now , the investigation continues to see if there might be any other women with similar allegations , the source said . In New York , a person has five years from their 18th birthday to make an accusation of sexual abuse to authorities . Los Angeles police said they received information two years ago regarding allegations of criminal behavior . The case is no longer active , LAPD spokesman Andrew Neiman said . "  No crime report was ever made and there was no verified victim , " he said . Bizarre end to Tuesday Collins is alive and well , the Los Angeles police said late Tuesday night after rumors circulated on social media that he had shot himself . But he was n't even at home when a reporter camped outside heard a loud noise and called police , believing it was a gunshot , said Los Angeles Police spokeswoman Jane Kim . Police determined no shots had been fired . But the news already had ricocheted around the world , helped in part by numerous tweets , including one by actress Donna D'Errico to her 53,000 followers . "  That guy from 7th Heaven lives right around the corner from me & just shot himself a few minutes ago , " she wrote . That tweet has since been deleted . "  I just tweeted out what I was being told by my neighbor  s  who were on scene . I apologize for tweeting what I 'd heard before confirming it , " she posted instead . Source : ' 7th Heaven ' actor 's accuser waited too long The fallout Following the revelation of the allegations , Collins was fired from his job on the movie "  Ted 2 . " A future episode of the ABC show "  Scandal " wo n't include any footage with Collins , representatives for the show said Wednesday . Collins appeared as anchorman Reed Wallace in a 2012 episode of the hit drama and was set to appear in another one this season . Collins also resigned Tuesday from his spot on the national board of the Screen Actors Guild , a source at the organization with knowledge of the situation told CNN . And UPtv , a family-friendly network , said it was pulling reruns of "  7th Heaven " from its lineup because it was "  deeply concerned for the families that are potentially affected by these disturbing allegations . " Who is Stephen Collins ? CNN 's Jane Caffrey reported from Los Angeles , Shimon Prokupecz from New York , and Steve Almasy wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Selin Darkalstanian , Topher Gauk-Roger , Ray Sanchez , Saeed Ahmed , Megan Thomas , Sara Sidner , Lindy Hall and Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	NEW : Faye Grant says she wants her fair share of the divorce settlement Stephen Collins is the subject of child molestation allegations Police say one New York case has passed the statute of limitations There 've been no statements from Collins ' representatives
ST. PAUL , Minnesota  CNN  -- A group of gay and lesbian Republicans has traveled to the site of the GOP convention this week to help convince its party that it is time to stop being on the "  wrong side " of the same-sex marriage issue . Log Cabin Republicans President Patrick Sammon says "  momentum is on our side . " "  Clearly , the tide is turning , " said Scott Tucker , communications director for the Log Cabin Republicans . "  It 's important for the Republican Party to be inclusive on this issue , because we are at risk of being on the wrong side of history . " Although the group 's president , Patrick Sammon , acknowledges that few politicians in either party support "  marriage equality , " as the group dubs the same-sex marriage issue , "  it 's clear momentum is on our side . " Sammon and other Log Cabin Republicans pointed to a poll indicating that the party is starting to move closer to their positions . A CBS News/New York Times poll released Monday found that 49 percent of the delegates to the Republican convention support allowing same-sex marriages or civil unions . The poll 's margin of error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . A CNN/Opinion Research Poll conducted in May found that nearly half of those surveyed supported either same-sex marriages or civil union . Twenty-four percent supported same-sex marriages , while 27 percent backed civil unions . Forty-three percent backed neither option . The poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 3 percentage points . Despite his opposition to same-sex marriage , the Log Cabin Republicans said they endorsed Sen. John McCain , the GOP 's presumptive Republican presidential nominee , on Tuesday because he embraces an approach to politics they want their party to return to . McCain is an "  inclusive Republican who believes that our party needs to get back to our core unifying principles that lead us to victory in the '90s , " Tucker said , noting that the Arizona Republican has had a long relationship with the Log Cabin Republicans . "  He 's a very inclusive Republican , a different type of Republican , " Sammon said "  At the same time , we have honest disagreements on some issues . " In making its endorsement , the group pointed to the Arizona senator 's opposition to a federal constitutional amendment that would have defined marriage as being a man and a woman . The amendment has strong support from social conservatives and would have reversed the decisions by Massachusetts , California and New Jersey to allow same-sex marriages . "  That took a lot courage for a senator from a red state to buck his own party , " Tucker said . Although McCain personally opposes same-sex marriage , he voted against the amendment , in part , because he believes the issues should be left to the states . "  John McCain stood up for us ... and I want to stand up for John McCain , " said David Valkema , a director of a fine arts foundation in Chicago , Illinois . "  He does n't care about my sexuality . He cares that I am an American . "  He 's teachable , " Valkema added . Despite her positions on gay rights issues being largely unknown , Sammon said , the Log Cabin Republicans were also satisfied with McCain 's choice of running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . Unlike McCain , Palin has expressed support for the Federal Marriage Amendment , but Sammon said the group was comfortable with her being on the Republican ticket because of her 2006 decision to veto a bill that would have banned the state from providing benefits to same-sex partners of employees . "  She 's a great choice , " Valkema said . "  We 're learning more every day , but what we know , we like . " Although Palin was as blank slate for the Log Cabin Republicans , the group was extremely happy that McCain did not choose Mitt Romney , a former Massachusetts governor and presidential candidate who was often mentioned as being on McCain 's short list of vice presidential choices , Tucker said . While on the campaign trail , Romney often railed against his home state 's decision to allow same-sex marriages . "  We would have had a problem ... if Sen. McCain would have chosen someone who used gay people as a wedge issue , " Tucker said .	Log Cabin Republicans say support for same-sex marriage , civil unions increasing Group endorses Sen. John McCain , touts his "  inclusive " politics Gov. Sarah Palin 's positions on gay rights mostly unknown , group says
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama has declared a national emergency to deal with the "  rapid increase in illness " from the H1N1 influenza virus . "  The 2009 H1N1 pandemic continues to evolve . The rates of illness continue to rise rapidly within many communities across the nation , and the potential exists for the pandemic to overburden health care resources in some localities , " Obama said in a statement . "  Thus , in recognition of the continuing progression of the pandemic , and in further preparation as a nation , we are taking additional steps to facilitate our response . " The president signed the declaration late Friday and announced it Saturday . Calling the emergency declaration "  an important tool in our kit going forward , " one administration official called Obama 's action a "  proactive measure that 's not in response to any new development . " Having trouble finding vaccine ? Share your story Another administration official said the move is "  not tied to the current case count " and "  gives the federal government more power to help states " by lifting bureaucratic requirements -- both in treating patients and moving equipment to where it 's most needed . The officials did n't want their names used because they were not authorized to speak on the record . Obama 's action allows Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius "  to temporarily waive or modify certain requirements " to help health care facilities enact emergency plans to deal with the pandemic . Those requirements are contained in Medicare , Medicaid and state Children 's Health Insurance programs , and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act privacy rule . Since the H1N1 flu pandemic began in April , millions of people in the United States have been infected , at least 20,000 have been hospitalized and more than 1,000 have died , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Watch how to find out if you have H1N1 Frieden said that having 46 states reporting widespread flu transmission is traditionally the hallmark of the peak of flu season . To have the flu season peak at this time of the year is "  extremely unusual . " The CDC said 16.1 million doses of H1N1 , or swine flu , vaccine had been made by Friday -- 2 million more than two days earlier . About 11.3 million of those had been distributed throughout the United States , Frieden said . "  We are nowhere near where we thought we would be , " Frieden said , acknowledging that manufacturing delays have contributed to less vaccine being available than expected . "  As public health professionals , vaccination is our strongest tool . Not having enough is frustrating to all of us . " Frieden said that while the way vaccine is manufactured is "  tried and true , " it 's not well-suited for ramping up production during a pandemic because it takes at least six months . The vaccine is produced by growing weakened virus in eggs .	National emergency declared to deal with "  rapid increase in illness " Obama : "  Potential exists for the pandemic to overburden health care resources " Source : Action helps states by lifting bureaucratic requirements CDC says 16.1 million doses of H1N1 vaccine have been made
CNN  -- Country music star Randy Travis , who pleaded no contest to public intoxication following the Super Bowl in February , was arrested again Tuesday after being found naked , smelling apparently of alcohol and lying on a remote stretch of roadway in northern Texas just before midnight , authorities said . He was arrested and charged with driving while intoxicated and felony retaliation , after allegedly threatening to fatally shoot highway patrol troopers who responded to a concerned caller who notified authorities of "  a man lying in the roadway " Tuesday . The DWI offense is a misdemeanor , authorities said . While in custody , Travis allegedly threatened "  to shoot and kill the troopers working the case , " Sgt. Rickey Wheeler of the Grayson County Sheriff 's Office said Wednesday . Read more entertainment news on CNN 's Marquee Blog Travis , 53 , allegedly refused to take a blood and breath test , and was later forced to submit to a judge 's order for a blood specimen taken at a nearby hospital , Wheeler said . Travis was driving his black 1998 Pontiac Trans Am when the vehicle drove off the north side of a two-lane highway just west of Tioga , where he resides , and struck several barricades in a construction zone , said Texas Highway Patrol Trooper Mark Tackett . Travis was the only occupant in the one-vehicle crash , authorities said . Travis was found naked , Tackett said . When Travis was brought to Grayson County jail at 3 a.m. , after the hospital visit , he still did n't have clothes , Wheeler said . "  He was given a paper suit , which is a jail uniform made out of paper , " Wheeler told CNN . Travis was released from Grayson County jail after an acquaintance posted his $ 21,500 bail in cash at 10:40 a.m. Wednesday , Wheeler said . It 's not clear whether Travis was injured in the accident , though his mug shot revealed a bruised right eye and several abrasions on his face . Neither Travis nor his representative could be reached for comment Wednesday . Travis , who has sold more than 20 million records , has won seven Grammy Awards , 10 Academy of Country Music statuettes , 10 American Music Awards , seven Music City News awards , five Country Music Association honors and eight Dove Awards from the Gospel Music Association , according to his website . Travis has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and has been a member of the Grand Ole Opry since 1986 , his website said . Travis is now commemorating 25 years of making music with an Anniversary Celebration CD , which also features Country Music Hall of Fame members Willie Nelson and Kris Kristofferson ; also on the CD are Kenny Chesney , Tim McGraw and Don Henley , among other stars , his website said . In February , Travis was arrested for public intoxication while sitting in his car in front of a church in Sanger , Texas . On June 25 , Travis ' attorney entered a no-contest plea on the singer 's behalf before Sanger Municipal Court Judge Kenneth Hartless , court administrator Christy Punches told CNN . Travis did n't appear in court , she added . Travis paid a $ 264 fine and was placed on a 90-day deferred , or probationary , status , Punches said . "  It 's like a 90-day probation , " she said . The 90-day probation period expires September 23 , when the ticket violation will be erased from his record as long as Travis does n't commit another offense in Denton County , Punches said . Travis ' alleged offense this week wo n't impact his probation in Sanger because the incident occurred in another county in Texas , Punches said . Public intoxication , a class C violation of the municipal code , is an offense typically disposed of by the Sanger courts with a fine and a 90-day probation , Punches said . "  It 's just a fine-only offense , " Punches said . In February , Sanger police found a vehicle parked in front of a Baptist church in the very early morning hours and , upon investigation , discovered Travis in the car with an open bottle of wine , the Denton County Sheriff 's Office told CNN . Police said the singer smelled of alcohol , the sheriff 's office said . Travis was arrested and taken to the Denton County jail , sheriff 's spokeman Tom Reedy told CNN on Wednesday . Travis was given a citation and held because of intoxication until 7:44 a.m. , at which time he was released , Reedy told CNN . "  When somebody is intoxicated , you just do n't let them go , " Reedy said . "  They have to come in and be here for so many hours . It was a citation . It was n't a DWI . It was public intoxication . " Travis listed his city of residence as Tioga , Texas , Reedy said . "  I apologize for what resulted following an evening of celebrating the Super Bowl , " Travis told CNN in a statement after the February arrest . "  I 'm committed to being responsible and accountable , and apologize for my actions . " Comments : Randy Travis , how did ` such a talented guy end up in a mug shot like that ' ? CNN 's Alison Barbiero and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : An acquaintance posts Travis ' $ 21,500 bail in cash , sheriff 's office says In June , Travis paid fine for public intoxication , put on 90-day probation , official says Travis now accused of felony retaliation ; threatened "  to shoot and kill " troopers , said officials Travis and his representative could not be immediately reached for comment
CNN  -- The hotel where Jay Z had an alleged altercation with Beyonce 's sister says it has fired the person who leaked the tape to the media . "  The Standard has identified the individual responsible for breaching the security policies of the hotel and recording the confidential CCTV video released by TMZ , " said Brian Phillips , a spokesman for the hotel . "  The Standard has already terminated the individual and will now be pursuing all available civil and criminal remedies . " In the statement , Phillips said the hotel will turn over its information to authorities . TMZ says the surveillance video is from an elevator and was taken the night of the Met Gala this month in New York . In the video , a woman who resembles Solange Knowles enters just before a man who appears to be the rapper . They appear to exchange words before the woman lunges forward and starts striking him . Another unidentified man grabs and holds her . A woman who resembles Beyonce stands in the corner of the elevator during most of the altercation . Jay Z is Beyonce 's husband and Solange 's brother-in-law . It 's unclear what caused the fight . Representatives for Solange , Jay Z and Beyonce have not responded to CNN requests for comment . Shortly after the video was released , the hotel said it was "  shocked and disappointed " by the breach of security . "  We are investigating with the utmost urgency the circumstances surrounding the situation and , as is our customary practice , will discipline and prosecute the individuals involved to our fullest capacity , " it said this week . Beyonce and Jay Z recently announced their "  On the Run " tour , which is scheduled to take them to 16 cities this summer . Did Solange fight Jay Z ? Inside the family feud CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Video appears to show Solange Knowles having an altercation with Jay Z His wife , Beyonce Knowles , stands in the corner of the elevator and watches It 's unclear what caused the fight Standard Hotel says it will turn over its information to authorities
CNN  -- A rash of recent oil spills around the globe -- Bangladesh , Israel , Peru and New Zealand -- serve as reminders of the damage such spills can cause and of the important role responders can play in limiting such damage . Spill responders have several tools at their disposal , including chemical dispersants . However , the legacy of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico includes a public backlash against dispersants that stands to exacerbate environmental damage from future spills . Starting with Deepwater Horizon , dispersants seem to have become an environmental villain du jour , even creeping in to the popular vernacular . To control an oil spill that ultimately exceeded 40,000 square miles , responders released 1.8 million gallons of dispersant over 59 days -- an act that society has judged a bad idea . Even now when we talk about our research on this spill the loaded question inevitably surfaces : "  Just how bad was the dispersant ? " Many think the dispersants amplified damage and are continuing to harm marine life ; some even believe that BP conspired with government responders to use them nefariously to conceal the most visible impacts of the spill . Based on our experience studying oil spills in the Gulf of Mexico and elsewhere , that 's a biased and incomplete understanding that may unduly influence decision-makers responsible for responding to future spills . Dispersants are not perfect , but they are certainly not new . Over six decades , they have evolved from highly toxic mixtures to safer formulations that have become a proven spill response tool . They work like dishwashing soap , by breaking apart oil into small droplets . When sprayed on an oil slick , the resulting microsize droplets freely mix into water , effectively breaking apart the gooey coating and diluting the oil over a greater volume . Both effects can be beneficial : Dilution of the oil reduces its overall toxicity , while breaking up the slick prevents oil from reaching coastlines , where oil is assumed to cause the greatest impact . But there are trade-offs . Dispersants contain hydrocarbons , emulsification agents and surfactants -- these could be harmful to marine life . Before the droplets get diluted to inconsequential levels , the dispersed oil can also be toxic . The chemical formulation of dispersants seems to elicit fear , but the reality is that most of these components are used for other common applications with minimal concern . For example , the principal active agent applied during Deepwater Horizon was dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate , or DOSS , which has other uses in over-the-counter medicines . Nevertheless , accidental spraying of dispersant on people can also cause harm if it is inhaled or swallowed though it can be washed from the skin with soap and water . Dispersants are but one example of chemicals used when responding to environment crises . Flame retardants provide another example . Yet few blinked an eye when responders released 1.1 million gallons of flame retardant over several weeks to fight a 150-square-mile wildfire in California a few months ago . In responding to Deepwater Horizon , decision-makers had years of experience with dispersants . They knew the risks and benefits of their application to the surface of the ocean . They also had invaluable resources in the form of two comprehensive reports in 1989 and 2005 on dispersants ' efficacy and effects , commissioned by the prestigious National Academy of Sciences and prepared by leaders from academia , industry , government and even a retired commercial fisherman . But neither report addressed the way dispersants were to be used in the Deepwater Horizon disaster . For 87 days after the Deepwater Horizon exploded , oil gushed from a damaged well 5,000 feet under the sea surface , an unprecedented scenario . It demanded unprecedented mitigation approaches . Weighing the potential risks and benefits , responders made the decision to inject dispersants at the ocean floor as a means to disperse the oil even before it reached the surface . Public concern over this decision grew as the amount released in this way ultimately reached 771,000 gallons  a little less than half of the total amount of dispersants released  . In choosing to use subsea dispersants , decision-makers first evaluated their efficacy with a one-day test . Before-and-after photos showed that slicks near the well site diminished when the dispersant was injected and returned , as predicted , when the injections were stopped . As scientists , we hold to the repeatability of experimental results , but in this case the result produced immediate benefits in a crisis situation that trumped the value of conducting further experiments . The smaller slicks reduced toxic chemical levels in the air enough to allow personnel on about 100 response boats to work more safely . As a result , efforts to contain the spill could proceed at a faster pace with fewer negative health effects . The fact that we as independent scientists were granted safe access to within 1,500 feet of the well is partially attributable to the use of dispersants at the seafloor . What is lost on many people is that spill responders must decide quickly on whether to apply dispersants . Like those responding to forest fires , oil-spill responders are charged with reducing damages in the face of a crisis , and they do n't have the luxury to conduct a real-time case study on dispersants ' efficacy . Ultimately , usage is simply a question of net environmental benefit . Unfortunately , gauging the success or failure of dispersants , especially how toxic they make seawater , is n't easy . You can not give the Gulf of Mexico a CT scan . Moreover , we have only sparse data to inform our understanding of dispersants ' efficacy and chemical behavior in the deep ocean . In a recent study , our colleagues found traces of dispersant in oiled sand patties on beaches . But the proportion of dispersant in oil from the Gulf beaches was low compared with the proportion at which it was originally applied . That is , the dispersants were less likely to persist than the oil . It can be counterintuitive -- and frightening -- to add chemical dispersants to fight oil spills . But dispersants are tools that help stop a bad thing from getting worse -- not so different from dropping flame retardant on forest fires . Experience underpins the decision to use them , and research , so far , supports their use . Fear , ignorance and anger preclude an objective examination of dispersants . Let 's have a rational discussion about the best course of action in a crisis -- before the next oil spill hits our shores and clouds our judgment . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Authors : When oil spills happen , responders are faced with tough choices To fight BP oil spill in Gulf of Mexico , huge amounts of chemical dispersants were used Authors say adding more chemicals to seawater is scary trade-off but can be worth it Dispersants work like dishwater detergent to break apart droplets of oil , authors say
CNN  -- U.S. conglomerate General Electric is set to increase its investment in Germany , even as the eurozone remains hobbled by a nearly three-year old economic crisis , the company 's regional boss told CNN . Nani Beccalli-Falco , chief executive officer of General Electric Europe , said Germany was the "  economic locomotive " of Europe . The company wanted to strengthen its position in the continent 's largest economy , he added . Read more : Airbus CEO : We will learn from past mistakes Speaking at the Ambrosetti Forum on the banks of Lake Como , Beccalli-Falco told CNN that General Electric -- a multinational founded in 1892 -- is "  making a lot of investments " in Germany . He added : "  Our position was not satisfactory in Germany so we decided to make a statement to strengthen our resources there . " Read more : VINCI boss to Europe : Build and growth will come Although many countries in the European Union are feeling the squeeze of the region 's debt crisis , Beccalli-Falco sees cause for optimism in some parts of Europe . "  This is not a European crisis but a crisis of some member states , " he told CNN . "  The problems come when you are talking about southern Europe , about Portugal and Spain , Italy and Greece . " Read more : Jelly bean makers defy wobbly Irish economy The GE Europe boss sees an "  incredible boom " for the UK and Nordic countries as a result of oil exploration and discoveries in the North Sea , while many parts of eastern and central Europe are profiting from infrastructure investment from the 27-nation European Union . He told CNN that Europe 's strength lies in the size of its economy and population of 500 million people , according to Eurostat . However , Beccalli-Falco said question marks still remain over the future of France -- Europe 's second-largest economy . He said : "  In my mind France is now on the verge of either taking the road to greatness to become like Germany or taking a road which is a little more challenging . " General Electric Europe employs 84,000 people across the continent and provides products for a number of different industries from aircraft engines to power generation , household appliances to consumer finance . And Beccalli-Falco said GE is committed to continued investment in Europe . "  We do invest in Europe and our chairman is enforcing that concept . "	GE Europe employs 84,000 people across the continent and provides a range of products Germany is the "  economic locomotive " of Europe , says GE Europe boss EU 's strength lies in economy and population size of 500 million people , says Beccalli-Falco
CNN  -- While many people get their New Year 's countdown clocks ready , Jahi McMath 's family is scrambling as a darker deadline looms . A judge 's ruling will allow a hospital to disconnect life support machines at 5 p.m. Monday from the 13-year-old girl , whom doctors declared brain dead after she suffered complications from tonsil surgery earlier this month . Jahi 's family , who wants to transfer her somewhere else , told CNN affiliate KGO that they spent Sunday working the phones , trying to line up another option . The case has drawn national attention and sparked protests from some local leaders who say the hospital that treated her should have provided better care . Medical ethicists , meanwhile , say the high-profile case fuels a misperception : that "  brain death " is somehow not as final as cardiac death , even though , by definition , it is . The case is "  giving the impression that dead people can come back to life , " Arthur Caplan , director of the Division of Medical Ethics at NYU Langone Medical Center , told CNN last week . But Jahi 's family members maintain that they 're hoping for a miracle and want to transfer the girl from Children 's Hospital Oakland to another facility . A statement released by family members Saturday and provided to KGO says they are weighing several options . "  Our attorney is in discussions with two facilities that have expressed preliminary approval for accepting Jahi on a ventilator , " the statement said . "  One is in Southern California , the other is in New York . " Doug Straus , an attorney representing Children 's Hospital Oakland , said in a letter to the family 's lawyer Sunday that officials are still awaiting specifics from the family . "  To date , there has been no communication from any facility named by you regarding a transfer or requirements for transfer with any of the medical professionals at Children 's . The family has not identified any facility with which Children 's can have this dialogue . Nor have we been provided with a transportation plan or coroner authorization , " he wrote . "  As your email and your statements about the facility in the Los Angeles area acknowledge , discussion about performing medical procedures upon a dead body presents unusual and complicated questions . Until there is a definite commitment by a facility to accept Jahi 's body upon specified terms , I do n't think I can tackle those issues . Please let me know if the family is able to identify a facility . " When ` life support ' is really ` death support ' Jahi was declared brain dead by doctors at the hospital on December 12 , three days after tonsil surgery . Family members and hospital officials fought over her future in court . Last week , a judge ruled she was brain dead and urged both sides to work together to resolves the situation . But the sparring showed no sign of slowing over the weekend , with family members sharply criticizing the hospital 's handling of the matter . "  We wish to acknowledge that Jahi 's case , and our stance regarding her right to life , and her mother 's right to make decisions regarding her child , has stirred a vibrant , sometimes polarizing , national debate . This was never our intention , " the family 's statement said . "  We have our strong religious convictions and set of beliefs and we believe that , in this country , a parent has the right to make decisions concerning the existence of their child : not a doctor who looks only at lines on a paper , or reads the cold black and white words on a law that says ` brain dead ' and definitely not a doctor who runs the facility that caused the brain death in the first place . " The hospital 's statement Sunday said they were supporting Jahi 's family . "  We continue to do so despite their lawyer 's criticizing the very hospital that all along has been working hard to be accommodating to this grieving family , " the hospital said . When routine surgeries go wrong CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo , Elizabeth Landau , Dana Ford , Dan Simon , Michael Martinez and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Jahi McMath 's family wants to transfer her to another facility The 13-year-old suffered complications after tonsil surgery Doctors and a judge have declared her brain dead
In the midst of the struggle against Bashar al-Assad 's government stands Jabhat al-Nusra , recently designated by the U.S. State Department as a foreign terrorist organization . A new report by the Quilliam Foundation in London says the organization is the most effective arm of the Syrian insurgency and now fields about 5,000 fighters against the Assad regime . Practically speaking , the terrorist designation means little that is new for the immediate struggle in Syria . Shortly after al-Nusra claimed credit for one of its early suicide bombings in January 2012 , the Obama administration made known al-Nusra 's connection to al Qaeda in Iraq , a group with which I was intimately familiar in my capacity as an analyst and targeting officer at the Central Intelligence Agency . The administration 's position was reinforced when Director of National Intelligence James Clapper one month later testified in front of the Senate Armed Services Committee that " ... we believe al-Qaeda in Iraq is extending its reach into Syria . " Analysis : Study shows rise of al Qaeda affiliate in Syria Al-Nusra is filling a power vacuum through charitable efforts to galvanize local support and generating influence among Syrians . In light of al-Nusra 's influence in Syria , the real question is not so much about the scope and scale of al-Nusra currently , but rather how should the United States respond to its rise , particularly after al-Assad 's eventual exit ? Read more : Al-Assad touts plan for resolution , says enemies of Syria ` will go to hell ' Historically , the U.S. government seemed to believe that as soon as people are given the chance , they will choose and then create a Jeffersonian democracy . Then we are surprised , if not outraged , that people turn to organizations such as Hamas , Hezbollah or the Muslim Brotherhood in electoral contests . These organizations often provide the basic necessities that people need to survive : food , water , medical care , education and security . As ideologically distasteful as we might find them , they are often doing things corrupt , weak or failing governments do not : providing the basic necessities that people need to survive  let alone create the conditions that enable people to aspire to thrive  . Why does al-Nusra keep quiet about its ties to al Qaeda in Iraq ? The documents pulled from the Abottabad raid that killed Osama bin Laden shed light on his awareness that the al Qaeda brand had been deteriorating . Read more : Appeals court to consider release of photos of bin Laden 's body Bin Laden urged regional groups , "  If asked , it would be better to say there is a relationship with al Qaeda , which is simply a brotherly Islamic connection , and nothing more , " according to CNN . Bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri had criticized the Jordanian-born founder and leader of al Qaeda in Iraq , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , for his killing of civilians and lack of political acumen to win public support . Talk about al Qaeda seems distant . It was a bogeyman made real in 1993 when it unsuccessfully attacked the World Trade Center and terrifyingly tangible in 2001 when its operatives succeeded in destroying the twin towers and expanded their attacks to the Pentagon and the air over Pennsylvania . Its looming shadow has since faded from the public eye , particularly with the death of bin Laden . Its vision and ideology , however , continue to have a strong appeal . Now that al Qaeda central has a less visible role , what makes players like al-Nusra and al Qaeda in Iraq threats ? Even today , after Zarqawi 's death , al Qaeda in Iraq has managed to continue to wreak havoc in Iraq and in the region through an autonomous , adaptable structure . Read more : Senior al Qaeda leader killed in Pakistan , officials say Al-Nusra has declared itself a player in the fight for a global jihad , a bold statement for what is today a localized group . Even small groups , however , have the potential to disrupt regional stability and complicate America 's pursuit of its national security objectives -- a fact I learned firsthand tracking and trying to stem the rise , influence and efficacy of al Qaeda in Iraq in the aftermath of the U.S. invasion of Iraq . Zarqawi , until his death in 2006 , was able to confound U.S. forces and attack Jordan by attracting recruits from North Africa  including Libya  , Central Europe , Jordan and Syria . Some of Zarqawi 's earliest recruits were veterans of the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood , an organization that lashed out against the Syrian government during the 1980s . Captured records from a raid near the city of Sinjar , Iraq , indicated that during the 2006-2007 time frame , 8 % of al Qaeda in Iraq operatives were Syrians . The percentage likely ebbed and flowed as the group formed , became influential and waned , but it suggests that there was no shortage of recruits amenable to engage in religious conflict in Syria as recently as 5-10 years ago . Read more : What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? The most striking thing about the captured records , however , is that it appears almost every foreign fighter entering Iraq to join al Qaeda in Iraq came through Syria . As a targeter , I can tell you that facilitation networks are key : they are the means by which groups such as al Qaeda in Iraq are funded , supplied and sustained . During the Iraq war , Zarqawi 's top aides in Syria played a critical role in recruiting , funding and operational planning outside Iraq . Read more : Syrian minister : Enemies ` brainwashed ' slain rebel son One of the things U.S. officials and the international media should watch for is how al-Nusra uses its terrorist designation : If it seeks to use the declaration to burnish its jihadist credentials , it might be able to bolster the image of the organization in the eyes of the extremist community and parlay that recognition into larger , or steadier , streams of funding -- a development that will make the group more viable over the long-term or allow it to expand its operations or influence in the short - to mid-term . An important differentiator between al Qaeda in Iraq and al-Nusra is one of its tactics : Zarqawi made a practice of indiscriminately killing Iraqi civilians , effectively terrorizing the Iraqi population , especially the Shiite minority . Zarqawi , despite identifying with al Qaeda , had a much thinner theological basis than al Qaeda central . Key figures at al Qaeda central such as bin Laden and Zawahiri argued with Zarqawi over his tactics , complaining that alienating mainstream Muslims would not help achieve the over-arching goal of instilling Sharia law . Read more : Ayman al-Zawahiri - Fast Facts Al-Nusra is using some of the same tactics as al Qaeda in Iraq  e.g. , suicide bombings , kidnappings and car bombs  , but it appears to be trying to strike a balance Zarqawi was unwilling to make : Not only does it seem to be avoiding alienating -- if not antagonizing -- the larger population , but it also is providing the people of Syria with a range of goods and services such as food , water and medical care -- basic necessities that people need to survive in the best of times , let alone when their country is in the throes of a civil war . If this becomes a trend , it might signal that al-Nusra aspires to be more like Hezbollah or Hamas , organizations that defy neat categorization based on the range of social , political and military activities they engage in and the resultant legitimacy they have in the eyes of their constituencies . Read more : Hamas leader unbending , but seeks Palestinian unity In the Syrian uprising , the opportunity for meaningful U.S. intervention might have passed : Exhaustion from operations in Iraq and Afghanistan have taken their toll on the U.S. military , have taxed the national treasury , and sapped political will , especially as the state of the economy remains at the center of the debate in Washington . Our absence from the fight is going to cost us if the al-Assad regime fails , leaving rebel groups like al-Nusra dictating the direction , pace and scope of a new Syria . Read more : Syrian rebel leader talks victory and squalor Given that managing affairs in the Middle East has never been one of our strong suits , the question at this point should be how can the United States , particularly the Department of State , best engage groups that might be inimical to U.S. values but necessary to our interests in the Middle East ? For that , I am not sure there is a clear or simple answer . One opportunity would be if the United States uses its designation of al-Nusra as both a stick and carrot , cajoling and encouraging it to enter into mainstream politics when  or if  the Assad regime falls . My read of al-Nusra , however , is that , like Zarqawi , it does not aspire to be a political player and is unlikely to settle for a political role in the new government . Instead , it may aim to play the spoiler for any transitional government and use its resources and political violence to empower and encourage other like-minded extremists . With time and opportunity , al-Nusra could not only add to regional instability in the Middle East , but also rekindle global jihad . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	U.S. declared a key opposition group in Syria a terrorist organization New report says it is the most effective group in the opposition , with 5,000 fighters Nada Bakos : The group has ties to al Qaeda but also seeks to provide social services She says the chances are slim that it could be persuaded to give up radical goals
CNN  -- Kuwait 's leader dissolved parliament on Wednesday and called for early elections , after the Cabinet resigned this week following a power struggle with the government . Kuwait 's emir has dissolved parliament following conflict between the Cabinet and govenrment . The emir , Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Sabah , said he was forced to dissolve parliament to safeguard Kuwait 's national unity , citing the fragile political situation in the region and his primary concern for internal security and stability . New elections have been set for May 17 , according to Kuwait 's state-run news agency , KUNA . According to Kuwait 's constitution , elections must be held within 60 days of dissolving parliament . Kuwait 's parliament , made up mostly of opposition politicians , has been locked in a feud with the government which it accuses of corruption and abuse of power . Parliament has continuously called for some government members to be investigated , which is what prompted the Cabinet to resign this week . Al-Sabah said he tried to get lawmakers and government ministers to reconcile their differences , but they only inflamed the situation through their statements to the media . E-mail to a friend CNN Senior Arab Affairs Editor Octavia Nasr contributed to this report	Kuwait 's leader dissolves parliament and calls for early elections after conflict Cabinet resigned earlier this week after a power struggle with the government The emir said he was forced to act to safeguard Kuwait 's national unity New elections have been set for May 17 according to state-run news agency
Children as young as 10 years old increasingly face horrific abuse in war-torn Somalia as the Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab has targeted them to replenish its diminishing ranks of fighters , according to a Human Rights Watch report released Tuesday . While the recruitment of child soldiers by the Somali insurgent group is not new , the report said the scale of child abductions over the past two years is like nothing documented in the past . Shocking patterns have also emerged of children serving as human shields on the battlefields , according to Human Rights Watch . "  We 're beginning to see more and more instances where children are essentially being used as cannon fodder , " Tirana Hassan of Human Rights Watch told CNN . Al-Shabaab fighters abduct young girls and boys from their homes or schools , in some cases taking entire classes , the report said . Children can be sent out to recruit other children , according to the organization . One survivor told Human Rights Watch he was asked by a group of kids to play football at a nearby field . When he arrived , he and others were gathered up and sent to training camps , the survivor told Human Rights Watch . The camps are places where children live in fear , said Hassan , an emergencies researcher for the international human rights group . "  They see injured and dead fighters , many of them children , coming back from the battlefield , " Hassan added . Recruits are taught to use weapons and to throw hand grenades and are subjected to a myriad of abuses including rape , assault and forced marriages , according to Hassan . Dozens of recruits , mostly ages 14 to 17 , are driven by truckloads to the front line , where they are told to jump out only to be mowed down by gunfire while Al-Shabaab fighters launch rockets from behind , according to Hassan . A 15-year-old boy recruited by Al-Shabaab from his school in Mogadishu in 2010 told Human Rights Watch that "  out of all my classmates -- about 100 boys -- only two of us escaped , the rest were killed . " "  The children were cleaned off . The children all died and the bigger soldiers ran away , " the youth told Human Rights Watch . Somalia 's transitional government also was criticized by Human Rights Watch for not ending its own use of child soldiers . "  Al-Shabaab 's horrific abuses do not excuse Somalia 's Transitional Federal Government , " said Zama Coursen-Neff , the group 's deputy children 's rights director . "  The TFG should live up to its commitments to stop recruiting and using children as soldiers , and punish those who do . " Gen. Abdulkadir Ali Diimi , the head of Somalia 's National Army , said he was unable to comment on the report . The 104-page report , released two days ahead of a Somalia conference hosted by the British government , grimly details countless violations against children based on more than 160 interviews conducted over the last two years with Somali youngsters who escaped from Al-Shabaab forces , as well as parents and teachers who fled to Kenya . "  For children of Somalia , nowhere is safe , " Coursen-Neff said . On Thursday , senior representatives from more than 40 governments will converge on London in a diplomatic push to find political solutions to restore stability in Somalia .	New report says child abductions by Al-Shabaab on the rise in Somalia Children used as human shields , Human Rights Watch says Somalia transitional government criticized for using child soldiers An international conference on Somalia takes place Thursday
CNN  -- A hard-hitting Kenyan movie about gang culture has become the country 's first-ever film to be considered for an Oscar . "  Nairobi Half Life " has just been shown at Film Africa 2012 , which is currently taking place in London -- having already made history as the most successful theatrical release for a local film in Kenya , according to its producers . It 's the debut film from Kenyan director David "  Tosh " Gitonga , who says he wants to change views about crime in the country . "  We keep saying crime is wrong , but are we really looking at why there is crime ? " he says . "  I do n't believe Kenyans get into crime for fun and giggles . " Prior to shooting , Gitonga wanted to understand the story behind Nairobi 's crime culture and to fully comprehend the situation he spent time with real-life gangsters . This experience led him to hear stories of gang members flooding properties and defecating on porches after robberies . He was told : "  It hurts us that you have these things we do n't have . " Watch a scene from the movie Gitonga admits he was left speechless when asked whether it 's fair that some are born into wealth , while others struggle to feed their children just one meal a day . "  I could n't answer that question and it still haunts me today , " he says . His film chronicles the trials and tribulations of the character Mwas -- a young aspiring actor from rural Kenya who dreams of becoming the next "  Bruce Willis . " Also on Inside Africa : Film shines light on Obama 's Kenyan sister Mwas moves to Nairobi in pursuit of that dream -- but experiences first-hand why some people refer to the city as "  Nairobbery , " after being robbed of all his belongings on his first day there . Fighting to survive in the city , Mwas strikes up an unlikely friendship with a gang leader who introduces him to a world of theft and violence . This includes taking part in robberies and carjackings -- common crimes in Nairobi . According to the U.S. State Department , the city averages about 10 vehicle hijackings each day . Jitin Mediratta , a Nairobi-born lawyer , describes the movie as a story that hits home . "  I have been a victim of robbery with violence when I was living with my father a few years ago , " he says . "  The truth about the thugs being young and nervous when carrying out the crimes is indeed true . " While Mediratta says the film "  humanizes " the gangsters , he rejects feeling any empathy for them -- an opinion shared by his wife Isha , who adds : "  A crime is still a crime . " He does , however , want to know how the Kenyan government plans to improve the situation and tackle social injustices . It is a sentiment shared by Gitonga . He hopes the film will help government officials understand what is happening on the ground , even if just a minority of them take any action . Also on Inside Africa : 3D animation puts South Africa film in the picture There has n't been a formal response to the film from the Kenyan government , but Gitonga says some government officials have discreetly expressed "  a need to look at our country and make things better . " The movie has already received international recognition . Joseph Wairimu , who plays Mwas , won best actor at the Durban International Film Festival , in July . And the U.S. Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is considering whether to nominate Nairobi Half Life for an Oscar in the Best Foreign Language Film category -- the first time a Kenyan movie has been considered . Gitonga is also humbled by the positive response the film has received from Kenyans , since Kenyan movies do n't usually attract large local audiences . He feels the movie has opened doors for other Kenyan filmmakers and African film in general . "  I want the rest of the world to go to the cinema and appreciate a world they do n't know , " he says .	"  Nairobi Half Life " considered for best foreign language film Oscar Director spent time with real-life gangsters before starting movie "  Are we really looking at why there is crime ? " asks director David Gitonga
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Conservationists claimed one of their most significant victories of the new administration Monday as President Obama signed sweeping land reform legislation designating 2 million additional acres of public wilderness areas . Lawmakers applaud as President Obama signs 2009 Omnibus Public Land Management Act The federal wilderness designation provides the highest level of government protection from logging and other forms of commercial use and development . "  This legislation guarantees that we will not take our forests , rivers , oceans ... monuments , and wilderness areas for granted , but rather we will set them aside and guard their sanctity for everyone to share , " Obama said at a White House signing ceremony . "  That 's something all Americans can support . " The land protected by the 2009 Omnibus Public Land Management Act , a compilation of over 160 separate legislative proposals , extends across nine states . Among other things , the law also establishes 10 new National Heritage sites , authorizes numerous Bureau of Reclamation water projects , and alters several national park boundaries . It specifically creates 21 new wilderness areas and expands 19 existing wilderness areas in 10 national forests . One of the largest swaths of newly protected wilderness is in California , where over 380,000 additional acres are set aside by the law . The covered areas incorporate the eastern Sierra Nevada , Los Angeles County 's San Gabriel Mountains , and the desert areas of Riverside County . In the Pacific Northwest , more than 136,000 acres have been designated to protect areas surrounding Mount Hood and the Copper Salmon headwaters , according to the Department of Agriculture .	Obama signs bill designating 2 million additional acres of public wilderness areas Designation provides highest level of government protection from commercial use Law , pooling more than 160 legislative proposals , extends across nine states Highlights : New heritage sites and water projects , expanded park boundaries
CNN  -- It 's common for newlyweds to honeymoon abroad . It 's less common for them to fix kids ' bikes during their trip -- but Aaron and Kristen Berlin did just that two days after saying their vows . The Massachusetts twentysomethings got married in October and spent five days volunteering at an orphanage in southern Thailand before exploring Bangkok , northern Thailand and Cambodia . "  We learned a lot about the culture , " Aaron Berlin said . "  That was one of the great things about volunteering . We were really incorporated into the daily lives of the children and the volunteers who ran the orphanage . " The two are examples of what some call "  honeyteers " -- - newlyweds whose honeymoons double as volunteer projects . These couples not only tour distant locales but also get involved with the communities they find there . "  I think it 's just , going to Cabo is getting really old , " said Alexia Nestora , who writes the blog Voluntourism Gal . "  This is a way to give back to the community and connect a bit more . Before , you had a bit of a stereotype of going out Peace Corps style . Now it 's a bit more mainstream . " Today 's newlyweds were in college when the "  volunteer boom " began , she adds . Now that they have grown up and found jobs , they want to go back . Do celebs like Jolie inspire voluntourism ? Lisa and Yvan Lagasse had long dreamed of visiting Africa by the time they booked their flight to Moshi , Tanzania , for their honeymoon . There , they taught English and French to teenagers in a boys ' home through a Cross-Cultural Solutions volunteer program . The two had also talked about going to a beach , but the Moshi trip won out in the end . Both said the trip would n't have been the same without their companion . "  It 's such a life-changing experience , " said Lisa Lagasse , "  such a humbling experience , that to have someone there with you , - especially your partner , who understands what you went through and learned -- without that , the experience would have almost died on us . " Complete coverage : Humanitarian Travel During their four-week stay , the couple stayed in separate men 's and women 's housing during their honeymoon . It did n't matter , because they were there to volunteer -- and getting to know the local kids was the highlight of their trip . The Lagasses are incorporating Swahili into their own children 's names and have even started looking into adoption . One day , they hope to bring their young son with them for a visit . "  We just want him to grow up to understand that there are other people in the world less fortunate than us , and we have to be thankful for everything we have , " said Yvan Lagasse . Kam Santos of Cross-Cultural Solutions said the organization 's volunteer projects all lead to an overarching goal . In other words , the work does n't end after four weeks . The next group of volunteers moves the project forward . "  The relevance is in the continuity of the relationship and ongoing support of the organization , " Santos said . "  What we see globally is increased attendance in schools and increased awareness of issues faced by the organizations . " Finding volunteer trips that actually help For some couples , these kinds of trips also raise awareness about the life they will share with their partner . Lina Fenequito and Ray Mancini married in June 2008 . They went on their honeymoon in Xi'an , China , about a year later when they could get time away from the web design company they own . Mancini said the trip was an opportunity to learn about his wife 's heritage . "  Lina 's mom is from China , and I know Chinese people here , but it really gave me an appreciation for the culture and the incredible history , " he said . "  When you go there , it 's just overwhelming . When we have children , they 'll have a part of this . It 'll be part of their heritage and their history . It sounds very sentimental , but that 's what I felt . " The couple taught English to students ages 8 to 14 , collaborating with translators on lesson plans . In one of the scenarios they designed , students "  bought " clothes using fake money , then modeled them in a classroom fashion show . The experience showed Mancini another side of his wife . "  I saw her as a teacher , as there with the children , and that 's exciting for someone hoping to be a father some day . You see her as a leader . She knows a little Chinese , and I do n't know a lot , so it was nice to see her getting us around and helping me out . " "  It 's a bonding experience , " Fenequito added .	"  Honeyteers " are newlyweds whose honeymoons double as volunteer projects One couple taught French and English in Moshi , Tanzania , on their honeymoon Trip was an opportunity to learn about wife 's heritage for one husband
She likes Target , the Food Network and sun-dried tomatoes . She loves taking pictures of her dog Beast , and admits to checking her phone "  every five seconds . " Priscilla Chan vaulted into the spotlight on Saturday when it was revealed she had married longtime boyfriend Mark Zuckerberg -- billionaire and Facebook founder . The wedding , according to media reports , came within days of Chan 's graduation from medical school at the University of California , San Francisco . The two met more than nine years ago while both were studying at Harvard . In a 2005 Harvard Crimson story about Zuckerberg leaving the university , he is quoted as asking Chan , identified as a "  passing friend , " "  Hey , Priscilla , do you want a job at the Facebook ? " "  I 'd love a job at Facebook , " she responds while "  offering him a Twizzler . " But Chan , who graduated from Harvard as a biology major in 2007 , never worked for Facebook . Instead , the Braintree , Massachusetts , native worked as a fourth - and fifth-grade science teacher at The Harker School in San Jose , California , following her graduation . On Facebook , she described her job as "  hanging out with the little ones and trying to explain how the world works . " She left the school in June 2008 and entered medical school , according to Facebook . "  Learning to be a doctor , " she noted on her page . On the UCSF web site , Chan is quoted along with other students on the school . "  I was attracted by the faculty 's honesty and warmth and the curriculum 's inter-disciplinary approach , " she said . "  San Francisco 's quirkiness and diversity sealed the deal . " Chan graduated from Harvard in 2007 . A picture posted on another of her Facebook pages shows her in a cap and gown next to Zuckerberg , who was wearing his trademark hoodie . In another picture from 2007 , Chan writes she is with Zuckerberg at the White House Correspondents ' Dinner , noting , "  My date was wearing shoes ! " In March 2011 , the couple adopted Beast -- and , of course , set up a Facebook page for him . "  I am a Puli , which is a type of Hungarian sheepdog , " according to Beast 's page . "  I live in Palo Alto with Mark and Cilla . I like cuddling and herding things . " On his page , Beast is shown lying on Chan 's computer keyboard as she looks at the screen ; peering into the fridge for a snack ; and describing his "  favorite thing in the world ... pooping on Mark 's white rug . " Beast is also shown on Chan 's page , which had been updated as of Sunday to show her married to Zuckerberg . However , her pages also show a keen sense of humor . She writes that she "  loves cooking and soft things " and enjoys diet A&W . "  I am a simple creature , " she writes . One with the power to help change the world : Zuckerberg told ABC News this month that dinner table conversations with Chan helped him formulate an organ-donation initiative on Facebook . "  She 's going to be a pediatrician , so our dinner conversations are often about Facebook and the kids that she 's meeting , " he said . Chan told him , he added , of patients "  getting sicker as they do n't have the organ that they need . " According to her Facebook page , Chan speaks English , Spanish and Cantonese . Zuckerberg told ABC that Chan inspired him to try to learn Mandarin Chinese in one year . The venture was n't very successful , he said , but he picked up enough to talk with Chan 's elderly grandmother .	Priscilla Chan marries longtime boyfriend Mark Zuckerberg Chan reportedly has just graduated from medical school The two met at Harvard more than nine years ago
LAREDO , Texas  CNN  -- Rosalio Reta sits at a table inside a Laredo Police Department interrogation room . A detective , sitting across the table , asks him how it all started . Gabriel Cardona , who shows his tattooed eyelids , worked as a hit man for a Mexican cartel . Reta , in Spanish street slang , describes his initiation as an assassin , at the age of 13 , for the Mexican Gulf Cartel , one of the country 's two major drug gangs . "  I thought I was Superman . I loved doing it , killing that first person , " Reta says on the videotape obtained by CNN . "  They tried to take the gun away , but it was like taking candy from kid . " Rosalio Reta and his friend , Gabriel Cardona , were members of a three-person cell of American teenagers working as cartel hit men in the United States , according to prosecutors . The third was arrested by Mexican authorities and stabbed to death in prison there three days later . In interviews with CNN , Laredo police detectives and prosecutors told how Cardona and Reta were recruited by the cartel to be assassins after they began hitting the cantinas and clubs just across the border . Watch how the teens turned into drug cartel hitmen " CNN has also obtained detailed court records as well as several hours of police interrogation videos . The detective sitting across the table from Reta and Cardona in those sessions is Robert Garcia . He 's a veteran of the Laredo Police Department and one of the few officers who has questioned the young men . "  One thing you wonder all the time : What made them this way ? " Garcia told CNN . "  They were just kids themselves , waiting around playing PlayStation or Xbox , waiting around for the order to be given . " Over a nearly one-year period starting in June 2005 , the border town of Laredo , Texas , saw a string of seven murders . At first glance , the violence looked like isolated , gangland-style killings . But investigators started suspecting something more sinister . Then Noe Flores was gunned down in a clear case of mistaken identity . Investigators found a fingerprint on a cigarette box inside the suspected shooter 's get-away car . That clue unraveled the chilling reality and led police to arrest Gabriel Cardona and Rosalio Reta . Prosecutors say they quickly discovered these two teenagers were homegrown assassins , hired to carry out the dirty work of the notorious Gulf Cartel . "  There are sleeper cells in the U.S. , " said Detective Garcia . "  They 're here , they 're here in the United States . " The cases against Cardona and Reta -- both are in prison serving long prison sentences for murder -- shed new light into the workings of the drug cartels . Prosecutor and investigators say Reta and Cardona were recruited into a group called "  Los Zetas , " a group made up of former members of the Mexican special military forces . They 're considered ruthless in how they carry out attacks . "  Los Zetas " liked what they saw in Cardona and Reta . Both teenagers received six-month military-style training on a Mexican ranch . Investigators say Cardona and Reta were paid $ 500 a week each as a retainer , to sit and wait for the call to kill . Then they were paid up to $ 50,000 and 2 kilos of cocaine for carrying out a hit . The teenagers lived in several safe houses around Laredo and drove around town in a $ 70,000 Mercedes-Benz . As the teens became more immersed in the cartel lifestyle , their appearance changed . Cardona had eyeballs tattooed on his eyelids . Reta 's face became covered in tattoo markings .  Prosecutors say during his trial Reta used make-up to cover the facial markings .  And both sported tattoos of "  Santa Muerte , " the Grim Reaper-like pseudo-saint worshipped by drug traffickers . "  These organizations , these cartels , they function like a Fortune 500 company , " Webb County , Texas , prosecutor Uriel Druker said . "  We have to remember that the United States is the market they are trying to get to . " In Cardona 's interrogation tape , there are clues that "  Los Zetas " are reaching deeper and deeper into the United States . Cardona is asked , "  Where else are the Zetas ? " And Cardona responds , "  I 've heard in Dallas and Houston . " And that 's why the cartel recruited these young Americans . Cardona and Reta could move freely and easily back and forth across the border with Mexico . Just hours before they were arrested , federal authorities taped a phone conversation between them in which Cardona brags about killing 14-year-old Inez Villareal and his cousin , a Cardona rival . Cardona laughs as he describes torturing the two boys and dumping their bodies in large metal drums filled with diesel fuel . He says he made "  guiso , " or stew , with their bodies . As the call ends , Cardona says , "  There are three left to kill , there are three left . "	U.S. teens are accused of acting as Mexican cartel hit men in Laredo , Texas One allegedly told police : "  I loved ... killing that first person " Police detective : "  One thing you wonder all the time is what made them be this way ? " Prosecutors say both teens were given military-style training in Mexico
CNN  -- The top dogs ruled the world 's most famous hot dog eating contest , once again . Nathan 's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest is always a big event , drawing thousands to Brooklyn 's Coney Island to cheer on some of the world 's most accomplished competitive eaters . But this year 's edition proved extra special for historical , dramatic and sentimental reasons . Making history was Joey "  Jaws " Chestnut . The San Jose , California , resident was no stranger to the Coney Island contest before he won his seventh hot dog-eating title Thursday . That 's cumulative and consecutive , as he 's won each of these events since 2007 . But it 's how he did it this time -- topping his own record by gobbling 69 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes -- that proved one for the record books . His 69 downed dogs is the most by anyone since the competition began in 1916 , and one ahead of the 68 mark he 'd set last July 4 as well as in 2009 . "  Sixty-nine is the magic number , " Chestnut told ESPN , which broadcast the event . "  Came out here , the crowd pushed me , they would not let me slow down . And it 's awesome " While there was no doubt Chestnut would win after he pulled away to top his nearest foe by 19 hot dogs , the same could n't be said for the women 's event . Every bite counted as Sonya "  The Black Widow " Thomas and Juliet Lee dueled down to the wire . When the clock ran out , the scoreboard had it as a tie -- 36 hot dogs apiece . But the judges tipped the scales in Thomas ' favor , ruling that the Alexandria , Virginia , resident had gorged on 36ยพ hot dogs . That was ยพ more than Lee , enough to give Thomas her third title despite the fact her final tally was far below the 45 hot dogs she put away last Independence Day . Still , Thomas and Chestnut 's championships were significant as much for where they took place , as for what they did . Parts of Coney Island , on Brooklyn 's southern coast some 12 miles south of Lower Manhattan , were ravaged eight months ago when Superstorm Sandy rolled through . Scores of businesses and backdrops that tens of thousands associate with summer fun suffered major damage there and in other places , like the Jersey Shore . Yet the hum of amusement park rides and the buzz of the throngs packing to cheer on Chestnut , Thomas and others on Thursday is proof that , for one day at least , Coney Island is back .	Joey Chestnut wins 7th Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest in Coney Island His 69 hot dogs and buns consumed breaks the event 's previous record Sonya Thomas ekes out another win in the women 's competition The event was a celebration of Coney Island , which was hit hard by Superstorm Sandy
London  CNN  -- If ever there was a costume that erased gender , it 's got to be an astronaut 's suit . Big , bulky , with a uniform shape and reflective mask , it 's pretty hard to tell whether the person inside is male , female , or Ham the chimpanzee . So when Sandra Bullock plays an astronaut hurtling through space in new blockbuster "  Gravity , " one of the only clues she 's even a woman is the sound of her hysterical gasping : "  I ca n't breathe ! I ca n't breathe ! " For 49-year-old Bullock , playing the lead role of Dr Ryan Stone in the thriller which premieres in Britain this week , this is not a female action film -- it 's a "  human action film . " And if it were up to her , the rest of Hollywood would stop making a distinction between the two . "  There is a female and male in it . The point of view is everyone 's point of view , it just so happens that I have a female body and I fortunately got to do the part , " she told CNN in an interview at the London Film Festival screening . "  We were very conscious to not make it about the sex -- we made it about the situation and the adversities , rather than ` this is a woman in adversity ' or a ` man in adversity . ' Anyone can put themselves in my character 's situation and feel exactly the same . " America 's sweetheart ? Indeed , the infinite blackness of space , and indistinct white uniforms worn by Bullock and co-star George Clooney , create a unique environment not just free from gravity -- but traditional gender cues . It 's quite literally a world away from some of Bullock 's best known roles -- the love interest of terrorist-busting cop Keanu Reeves in 1994 thriller "  Speed , " the tom boy FBI agent turned bombshell in 2000 chick flick "  Miss Congeniality , " or the executive trying to marry her assistant in 2009 rom-com "  The Proposal . " Her 2010 hit "  The Blind Side " -- in which she plays a southern mom who adopts a black teenager -- earned her an Academy Award for best actress , also becoming the first film with a sole female lead to take over $ 200 million at the U.S. box office . Yet the day before she scored the highest accolade in cinema , Bullock was picking up the Golden Raspberry Award for worst actress in 2010 comedy "  All About Steve . " She is one of the few actors to accept the prize in person , revealing a charming ability to not take herself too seriously in a notoriously cutthroat industry . "  They said that nobody went to see this film , but there 's over 700 members here and that means the majority of the 700 voted , " she joked at the time . Mom 's the word While Forbes this year named Bullock the most marketable celebrity in the world , with annual earnings of $ 14 million , it seems her biggest priority right now is not career -- but family . When it was time for the 2010 Oscar after-party , the best actress-winner instead opted to go home to her newly adopted son Louis -- whom she named after New Orleans jazz trumpeter Louis Armstrong , also from her child 's hometown . It is perhaps a sign of Bullock 's strength of character that she continued with the adoption process after splitting with husband and TV mechanic Jesse James , after his infidelities were exposed in the press . Today , mother and son have eschewed the bright lights of Los Angeles for a home in Austin , Texas , with Bullock admitting : "  I feel happier , better and younger now than I did 10 years ago . " Singing her praises Bullock grew up in a house of music , her German mother Helga and American father John , both opera enthusiasts who taught singing . She and younger sister Gesine lived in Washington D.C , in a home constantly visited by their parents ' artist friends . When Bullock announced that she wanted to pursue an acting career , her family was supportive , though realistic about the hard slog ahead . Moving to New York and supporting herself with various hospitality jobs , Bullock was the ripe old age of 30 -- practically over-the-hill for a woman starting out in Hollywood -- when she starred in breakthrough film "  Speed . " Brave new world And while she 's since starred in numerous box office hits , you get the feeling "  Gravity " is a film that pushes her beyond the chick-flick persona she 's arguably better known for . "  It took away anything I knew as an actor , " she said , referring to Mexican director Alfonso Cuarón 's decision to shoot the actors in 12-wire harnesses , to recreate zero-gravity . The harnesses were either operated by puppeteers , or attached to rotating rigs . All of which took place inside a cube covered in thousands of LED lights to simulate the alternating glow of the sun . Visual effects artists added the spacesuits later . "  It left me closed in a box for 10 hours a day , with no one to talk to , and no life form around me , " said Bullock . It was the first of its kind , it was a prototype , they invented it . They did n't know if it would work until the day we got into it . "  As alienating and frustrating as it was , being as cumbersome as it was , you knew you were a part of something that no one else had done before . You just sucked it up , and as crabby as I was most days , it worked . I did n't want to be very comfortable , my character was n't comfortable in space . " Judging by "  Gravity 's " phenomenal box office sales -- so far taking over $ 400 million worldwide -- the rest of us are also lining up to see America 's sweetheart outside her comfort zone .	Sandra Bullock says blockbuster "  Gravity " is n't about gender , but human adversity Oscar-winning actress was suspended from puppet strings for tough lead role Would rather spend time with adopted son , than attend glittering Hollywood events
CNN  -- The Boeing 777 is the mainstay of many airlines ' long-haul fleets and has never been involved in a fatal accident during its service history . British Airways aircrew fly the Royal Standard from the flight deck of the Boeing 777 aircraft . The aircraft first entered service on June 7 , 1995 , with more than 900 suppliers from 17 countries coming together to provide the more than three million parts needed in its construction , according to the Boeing Web site . Since its inaugural flight , Boeing has extended the 777 family to five commercial passenger models and a freighter version , collectively making more than two million flights . The aircraft seats between 301 and 368 passengers in a three-class configuration and can fly distances up to 17,500 kilometers . The 777 has also won a number of design awards , as well as setting a number of records and firsts . On November 9 and 10 , 2005 , a Boeing 777-200LR Worldliner set a new world record for distance traveled non-stop by a commercial jetliner . The 777-200LR set a record distance of 21,601 km on a route traveling eastbound from Hong Kong to London Heathrow . The flight lasted 22 hours and 42 minutes . The achievements was recognized by the U.S. National Aeronautics Association , The Federation Aeronautique Internationale and the Guinness Book of Records . The Federation eéronautique Internationale recognized the Boeing 777 in April 1997 for achieving a speed and distance record for airplanes in its size and class . The Boeing Web site claims the 777 set the "  Great Circle Distance Without Landing " record , traveling 20,044 km , and it set the record for "  Speed Around the World , Eastbound , " traveling at an average speed of 889 km per hour . According to Boeing the aircraft reached 500 deliveries by 2005 -- faster than any other twin-aisle commercial airplane in history . Boeing prides itself on the 777 's landing gear , which it claims is the largest ever incorporated into a commercial aircraft . Each main landing gear is fitted with six wheels , while the nose gear has two . E-mail to a friend	The Boeing 777 aircraft first entered service on June 7 , 1995 First airplane U.S.  FAA  approved for extended-range twin-engine operations Engineers designed , electronically pre-assembled the 777 using computers In 2005 , a Boeing 777 set a new world record for distance traveled non-stop
The U.N. Security Council on Thursday unanimously approved the creation of a United Nations peacekeeping force for the Central African Republic , where competing militias have been fighting for months . The council approved the deployment of 11,800 peacekeepers to the country , where 6,500 African-led peacekeeping forces and about 2,000 French troops already have been operating . Additionally , the European Union is planning to deploy up to 1,000 troops . Starting on September 15 , the force will initially comprise up to 10,000 military personnel , including 240 military observers and 200 staff officers , and 1,800 police personnel , according to the resolution . The Central African Republic , a former French colony , was plunged into chaos last year after a coalition of mostly Muslim rebels , known as Seleka , ousted President Francois Bozize . They have since been forced out of power , but Christian and Muslim militias continue to fight for control . To counter attacks on Christian communities by Seleka groups , vigilante Christian groups known as the anti-balaka , which translates to "  anti-machete , " have fought back . Thousands have died during the fighting , and 2.2 million people , about half the country 's population , are in need of humanitarian aid , according to the United Nations . More than 650,000 people are still internally displaced , and nearly 300,000 have fled to neighboring countries in search of refuge . Ban : Heed the lessons of the past The spiraling ethnic violence in the Central African Republic has led some observers to fear another genocide like that seen in Rwanda exactly 20 years ago . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon drew that parallel Saturday when he visited the Central African Republic to focus the world 's attention on the crisis . He urged the country 's citizens to "  heed the lessons " of nearby Rwanda and stop committing violence and atrocities against their fellow countrymen . "  Do not repeat the mistakes of the past -- heed the lessons . The fate of your country is in your hands . The people of CAR should not be killing the people of the CAR , " he said , according to a U.N. news release . Ban warned that "  ethno-religious cleansing is a reality " in the country and that anarchy now rules . "  Most members of the Muslim minority have fled . Muslims and Christians have been placed in mortal danger simply because of who they are or what they believe , " he said . "  People have been lynched and decapitated . Sexual violence is on the rise . Gruesome acts have been committed while others cheered on the perpetrators . There has been total impunity -- zero accountability . This must change . " Rights group : Men and boys massacred The U.N. vote comes a week after the group Human Rights Watch called for the international community to hasten the authorization and deployment of a U.N. peacekeeping force to protect vulnerable people in remote areas . In a report , it provided eyewitness accounts of the massacres of dozens of men and boys by militias in rural villages in the country 's southwest , and said the African Union and French deployments were insufficient to safeguard the population . Ban praised the work done by the French and African Union forces so far but acknowledged that they were "  under-resourced and overwhelmed " by the sheer scale of the crisis . Speaking Wednesday on a visit to the country , U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power said , "  The world has not hesitated in the CAR as it did in Rwanda 20 years ago . However , it is obvious that the world has not done enough . " But , she said , the situation for civilians would be far worse if not for the presence of the existing peacekeeping forces . U.S. support to the AU-led mission includes the donation of vehicles and radio equipment . The U.N. resolution approved Thursday calls on the transitional authorities to step up preparations to hold "  free , fair , transparent and inclusive presidential and legislative elections " no later than February 2015 . Catherine Samba-Panza , the mayor of the national capital , Bangui , was recently installed as the country 's interim President but faces a daunting challenge to restore stability to the country . Last year 's coup was the latest in a series since the country gained independence in 1960 .	Council approves deployment of 11,800 peacekeepers to Central African Republic Citizens must heed lessons from Rwandan genocide , U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon says Ban : "  There has been total impunity -- zero accountability . This must change " About 2.2 million people are in need of humanitarian aid , United Nations says
New Delhi  CNN  -- The Indian navy suffered its worst peacetime disaster this week when an explosion and fire sank a submarine with 18 sailors on board in a Mumbai dockyard . Divers have entered the vessel 's sunken hulk , but have so far been unable to locate those trapped inside . Navy officials , meanwhile , are trying to figure out what went wrong on the INS Sindhurakshak , a submarine that had only recently returned from an extensive refitting in Russia . They are also facing the challenge of patrolling India 's vast coastline with an aging , and now depleted , submarine fleet . The sinking of the submarine is "  an unprecedented setback to the national effort to strengthen undersea defense capabilities , " The Hindu , a daily newspaper , said in an editorial Thursday . The disaster struck at a particularly unfortunate time for Indian authorities , as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh acknowledged in a speech Thursday to mark the 66th anniversary of India 's independence from Britain . India unveils home-built aircraft carrier "  The accident is all the more painful because the navy had recently achieved two major successes in the form of its first nuclear submarine , INS Arihant , and the aircraft carrier , INS Vikrant , " he said . "  Eighteen brave sailors are feared to have lost their lives , " Singh said . The Indian navy had last week activated the reactor on the Arihant , its first domestically built nuclear submarine . And on Monday , it launched the Vikrant , a home-built aircraft carrier . In a country where the military has long relied heavily on Russian military hardware , Singh and other officials had hailed both events as big steps forward for India 's technological capabilities . But the explosion and fire aboard the Sindhurakshak brought the moment of national pride to an abrupt end . Navy officials have ordered an investigation into what set off the blast . At a news conference Wednesday , Indian navy chief D.K. Joshi struggled to come up with possible theories about the cause , noting that the recently refurbished submarine had received "  highly satisfactory gradings " in an inspection last month . "  We are at this point in time unable to put our finger on what could have actually gone wrong , " he said . The Sindhurakshak was one of 10 Kilo-class diesel-electric submarines supplied to the Indian navy by the Russian defense contractor Rosvooruzhenie . The navy also has four smaller German-built diesel electric submarines , and one nuclear-powered submarine leased from Russia last year . According to the navy , the 10 Kilo-class vessels have "  a displacement of 3,000 tonnes , a maximum diving depth of 300 meters , top speed of 18 knots , and are able to operate solo for 45 days with a crew of 53 . " Commissioned between 1986 and 2000 , some of them are also getting on a bit . The Sindhurakshak was commissioned in 1997 . But after its recent refit , from which it only returned in April , it "  was probably the most modern submarine " in the navy 's inventory , said Rahul Bedi , India correspondent for IHS Jane 's Defence Weekly . The redesign included the installation of new missile , communication and cooling systems , as well as a new radar , Russian state news agency Itar Tass reported . The upgrade also included other measures to improve the submarine 's combat quality and operational safety , the agency said . With the Sindhurakshak now apparently a write off , the navy will have to make do with the 14 submarines it has left . That falls well short of its desired level of 24 , according to Bedi . And four or five of the remaining vessels are due for retirement because of their age . "  They 're being kept alive by various means , " Bedi said . "  They 're in the ICU , as it were . " Reinforcements , meanwhile , appear to be a long way off . Plans to modernize the fleet have been delayed by about five or six years because of "  technical problems , bureaucratic wrangling and cost overruns , " Bedi said . A series of corruption scandals in recent months , including in a new submarine project , have paralyzed government decision-making about expensive investments , he said . The delays are holding back the Indian navy 's efforts to counter China 's increasing maritime strength in Asia . The navy wants to play a more assertive role throughout the Indian Ocean , a crucial zone for world trade , and farther afield , according to Bedi . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Mallika Kapur in Mumbai contributed to this report .	An explosion and fire hit the INS Sindhurakshak early Wednesday "  Eighteen brave sailors are feared to have lost their lives , " the prime minister says The submarine recently underwent an extensive refit at a Russian shipyard The disaster is a setback to India 's aging submarine fleet
A dramatic shootout between authorities and suspected cartel gunmen at a Mexican seaside resort this month has ties to a botched U.S. gun operation . A U.S. official said Tuesday that investigators have traced at least one firearm recovered at a December 18 gunfight in Puerto Peñasco , across from the Arizona border , to Operation Fast and Furious . That 's the disastrous operation run by agents in the Phoenix office of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . Agents allowed suspected gun smugglers to buy about 2,000 firearms with the goal of trying to find and prosecute high-level traffickers . They could n't track the firearms and most are believed to have ended up with cartels and gangsters in Mexico . Many have turned up at crime scenes in Mexico and the United States , including at a shooting that killed a U.S. border agent in 2010 . The shootout in Puerto Peñasco , also called Rocky Point by Arizona tourists , two weeks ago left at least five suspected cartel gunmen dead , including possibly a high level Sinaloa cartel chief , according to Mexican authorities . Witnesses reported hours of shooting and grenade explosions , with Mexican authorities using helicopters to attack fleeing suspected cartel gunmen on the ground . Guns recovered at such scenes are routinely checked with the ATF 's tracing lab to try to determine their origin . At least one AK-47 style firearm was found , and U.S. investigators identified it as one that was allowed to be sold to suspected traffickers as part of Fast and Furious , according to the U.S. official . The ATF , in a statement , said : "  ATF has accepted responsibility for the mistakes made in the Fast and Furious investigation and at the attorney general 's direction we have taken appropriate and decisive action to ensure that these errors will not be repeated . And we acknowledge that , regrettably , firearms related to the Fast and Furious investigation will likely continue to be recovered at future crime scenes . " Guns from Fast and Furious have turned up at other high-profile killings in Mexico , including those of the brother of a Mexican state prosecutor and of a beauty queen . The Fast and Furious operation gave rise to more than a year of political controversy for the Justice Department . Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , and Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , led a congressional probe to determine how it came to be approved . Eventually , House Republicans sanctioned Attorney General Eric Holder for contempt of Congress in a legal dispute over the White House 's refusal to turn over documents . Holder has said tactics used in Fast and Furious never should have been allowed . A Justice Department inspector general report cleared Holder of wrongdoing and placed most blame on officials at the ATF and the Phoenix U.S. attorney 's office for failing to properly oversee the agents running the operation . Grassley , in a statement Tuesday , said : "  In Operation Fast and Furious , the Mexican drug cartels found an easy way to supplement their own illegal ways . Worse yet , the Obama administration has yet to publicly hold anyone accountable for this disastrous policy . Unfortunately , guns from Fast and Furious will be found in operations like this for years to come . "	Sen. Grassley says no one has been held accountable AK-47 style weapon found after Mexican shootout U.S. official links it to botched Fast and Furious Operation Weapons ended up in hands of Mexican cartels , gangsters
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israel Defense Forces said Wednesday it has ended the military career of a soldier involved in a commando raid this month in the West Bank city of Hebron during which five Hamas members were arrested and a 66-year-old Palestinian man was "  regrettably killed . " The investigation into the January 7 arrest operation , in which Amr Qawasme was killed , "  concluded that the initial firing at Qawasme was done following a suspicious movement that caused the soldier to feel that his life was threatened , " the IDF said in a statement . It found no fault with the initial shooting , saying it had been executed "  in accordance with IDF rules of engagement . " But the actions of a second soldier , who watched the first soldier fire at Qawasme and fired , too , were unprofessional , and that soldier 's military service has been terminated , the IDF statement said . "  The IDF deeply regrets the death of Amr Qawasme , " it said . The shooting prompted cries of outrage from Palestinians , and about 4,000 mourners attended Qawasme 's funeral . The IDF statement did not identify the man whose military career was terminated . Asked why not , a woman who answered the phone for the IDF said his name was withheld for privacy reasons . Pressed , she added , "  It 's not relevant to the announcement . " She would not identify herself .	Israel Defense Forces concludes that commando 's actions were unprofessional The man 's military career is ended IDF would not identify the man
Dresden , Germany  CNN  Anti-Islam protesters gathered Monday in the German city of Dresden , with some carrying banners with the names of those killed in the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris . It is the 12th march in Dresden called by the protest group Patriotic Europeans against the Islamization of the West , or PEGIDA , since October . Dresden police say the number of people attending these rallies has increased from an estimated 350 protesters on October 20 to 18,000 on January 5 and 25,000 people on Monday . The PEGIDA movement emerged last year in the eastern German city . About 2 % of Dresden 's inhabitants are foreigners . On its Facebook page , PEGIDA says citizens should "  wake from their slumber " and recognize the "  danger in the Islamic ideology . " "  Stop the radical Salfists ' Islamization , " it urges . "  As a society , we should give people the chance to integrate , but we should not allow ourselves to be Islamized thereby losing our freedom and democracy ! " The group claims to have supporters in more than 30 German cities and 18 countries in Europe . A PEGIDA group in Norway has also called for demonstrators to gather outside the Town Hall in the capital , Oslo , to show support for the French and demonstrate opposition to what it calls the "  Islamification of Norway . " In Dresden , organizers earlier announced that Monday 's rally would commemorate the victims of last week 's attacks in Paris . Critics , however , say that protesters are taking advantage of the attacks to attract supporters and incite hatred against refugees and foreigners . German Justice Minister Heiko Maas called upon the organizers to cancel the protests . In an interview with German newspaper Bild , he said , "  The victims do not deserve to be abused by such agitators . " The head of Germany 's CSU party , Horst Seehofer , told ARD Television : "  I want to request those responsible ... that they cancel their demonstrations for the foreseeable future , especially at a time when the whole world is shocked about the events in Paris . " German Chancellor Angela Merkel , who has repeatedly voiced her disagreement with the PEGIDA movement in recent weeks , made similar demands . A representative for PEGIDA in Dresden told CNN that the march would not be canceled . "  They are putting us on the same level as radical extremists , " said Kathrin Oertel , one of PEGIDA 's leaders . "  We have the right to express our condolences to the victims of Friday 's terror attack . " Oertel added : "  We all think we are being neglected by our politicians . " She later told CNN that she does not want to be perceived as racist . "  Muslims are only a tiny fraction of the population , but they 're so dominant in pushing for their demands that German culture is being pushed back , " said Oertel . "  We want to live peacefully with all immigrants here in Germany , but we as Germans demand that they assimilate themselves into our culture and that they live in accordance with our laws and do n't build up parallel societies . " At a planned protest in nearby Leipzig -- organized by a group similar to PEGIDA -- protest organizers had agreed to a city ban on showing anti-Mohammed cartoons , but city authorities revoked their ban Monday following criticism that it limited free speech . According to German wire service Deutsche Presse-Agentur , Leipzig city officials originally made the decision to ensure that the protests would remain peaceful . "  After Paris , one must assume that Mohammed cartoons are meant to be a provocation , " DPA quoted a city representative before the ban was revoked . French cartoonists reacted to the German PEGIDA marches by publishing caricatures in which they ridiculed the protesters . On Saturday , 35,000 people assembled in front of Dresden 's landmark site , the Frauenkirche , to advocate for tolerance . Local politicians emphasized that they were open for a dialogue with PEGIDA protesters . Counterprotests against anti-Islam demonstrators were planned in Hanover , Düsseldorf , Hamburg , Munich , Dresden , Leipzig and Berlin . On its Facebook page , the leftist group Dresden Nazifrei  Dresden free of Nazis  called upon its supporters to protest against the anti-Muslim demonstrators . The Dresden Nazifrei organizers wrote : "  It is your decision to decide whether there will only be protests in hearing range and sight distance or whether we will try to do more . " Large numbers of police officers will try to keep anti-Muslim protesters and their opponents from clashing , with a heavier presence because of the Paris attacks . "  We have slightly increased the number of police officers involved , " a police representative told CNN on Monday , refusing to give specific numbers ahead of the demonstration . Later , police said that around 1,600 officers were involved on Monday . Some 8,700 people protested against PEGIDA in Dresden , according to police . A poll by German newspaper Der Spiegel in December found that 34 % of respondents believed their country was becoming "  increasingly Islamicized . " German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour last week that he was "  worried by this tendency " but that the significance of the protests should not be overestimated . "  It 's new , it 's concerning , but we should not be dominated by PEGIDA when we discuss our political agenda , " he said . On the other hand , he said protesters posed some questions that needed to be answered . "  They ask : ` Is there an end of asylum seekers , how dangerous is Islam for our society , what about the fight against IS  ISIS  -- can this be successful ? ' These critical questions have to be faced , have to be answered , " de Maziere said . But he said he did not fear a rise of ugly nationalism in Germany again . "  I 'm confident we are strong , " he said . "  We learned our lessons from the Nazi years , and you can see it 's very interesting that the organizations of PEGIDA ; they know exactly where the red line is which they should not cross -- this makes me more skeptical but they know where the taboos are in Germany so I do n't see a renewal of the NPD  the far-right National Democratic Party  -- it 's less than in other European countries . And we are very well aware of it , and we will fight against every tendency . " Joerg Forbrig , a European analyst with the German Marshall Fund of the United States , told CNN that the PEGIDA movement had really only gained traction in the Dresden area , where its ideas had fallen on "  particularly fertile soil . " "  These protests are not so much fueled by fear of Islam and fear of Islamist attacks , but by frustration at the cost of reunification -- about the way they are being integrated and represented since the fall of the Berlin Wall , " Forbrig said . Dresden already had a well-established network of right-wing extremists before PEGIDA 's emergence , he said . "  It 's more a case of East Germans not entirely feeling at home in Germany , " Forbrig said . "  There is a feeling of second-class citizenship , and in order to be heard , many East Germans take to radical measures . " The movement was "  basically a plea for more attention more than anything else , " he said . "  I think this movement has peaked -- I do n't think that there is much more of a local and regional potential that this movement can exploit . " Forbrig stressed that there was a substantial counterprotest movement , with those protesters outnumbering PEGIDA supporters last week in Cologne by 10-to-1 . In fact , across Germany on Monday , more than 80,000 people protested against PEGIDA , according to the news agency DPA . In her New Year 's speech , Merkel addressed the issue of xenophobia , saying such demonstrations encourage the exclusion of people because of their skin color or religion . Merkel urged people not to attend such rallies , where people have "  hatred in their hearts , " she said . "  We know the value of unity in our country , " she said . "  It is the foundation of our success . " CNN 's Susannah Cullinane also contributed to this report .	Police estimate that some 25,000 people attended the march Anti-Islam protesters in Dresden carry banners with names of Charlie Hebdo victims Critics say protesters exploiting tragedy to incite hatred against refugees and foreigners
Off the coast of East Africa  CNN  -- On board the HDMS Iver Huitfeldt , the captain has just had them execute what on land would be considered a three point turn . The huge frigate churns up the ocean as it neatly swings back around to its starting point ship and to an abrupt -- and complete -- stop . This is not what you 'd expect from a gigantic naval warship , but this is no ordinary boat . The Iver Huitfeldt is one of the most advanced ships in the world . The average ship cruises along at roughly 9 miles an hour . The Iver does 30 . With a 46,000 horsepower engine it can get to top speeds from a standing start , outrunning and surrounding its targets in a manner designed to make those on board think twice about putting up too much of a fight . The Iver is at what 's been described as the sharp end of Operation Ocean Shield , NATO 's counter-piracy mission in the waters off of the Horn of Africa . Commander Carsten Fjord-Larsen , the Iver 's skipper , sees his high-tech ship as a very modern solution in the fight against an age-old problem . "  Keeping the pirates at bay , keeping them ashore is the first key issue . We can sit on the pirate camps and prevent them from coming out , and if they go out we disrupt them . " Operation Ocean Shield began life in 2008 as a United Nations-mandated mission to escort World Food Program ships through the Red Sea , one of the busiest waterways in the world . It later evolved into its current iteration , helping to drive down the frequency and success of piracy attacks . But it has n't been easy , and Fjord-Larsen has a tinge of respect in his voice when he speaks about the pirate 's capabilities . "  They have been building up tactical procedures and we have seen that they are fantastic sailors , and now that we can come very close to shore , I 've seen with my own eyes how they can negotiate the big waves along the coast . " "  They are well organized and they can easily put up an attack group , with the necessary money to do so and to get the men , " he added . One of the ways the Iver 's technology has helped is by taking much of the guesswork out of a potentially hostile approach . The ship is equipped with an infra-red camera , which has a range of at least seven miles . "  We can see right into the small craft , we can see faces on people , " said Per Moll , the Iver 's executive officer . "  We can see what they have in the craft . Is that fishing gear ? We can see ladders , are there a lot of weapons on board ? " "  If we do have a pirated ship and we 're doing an approach , trying to free the hostages or at least take back the ship , we can see who 's actually in charge because you can follow the different people around the ship . " The Iver Huitfeldt is one of four ships involved in Ocean Shield . The San Marco , an Italian ship , acts as the floating headquarters for the operation and a base for Admiral Antonio Natale , the commander overseeing Ocean Shield . The San Marco hosts joint training exercises to help build the pirate-fighting capacities of regional navies . We watched Tanzanian sailors looking on as the San Marco marine unit rappelled from helicopters suspended over the flight deck . This is what a hostile approach must look like for the hostages on a pirate craft -- goggle-wearing marines in camouflage snaking down suspended ropes before fanning out across the ship with guns cocked as the chopper 's blades whip up the air and the sea . At least 212 crew members of various ships were held hostage by pirates off the Horn of Africa in 2012 . And while another 60 have been held so far this year , Natale believes Ocean Shield is starting to turn the tide against the seaborne criminal gangs . "  Right now the last hijacked ` unit ' was in May last year , " Natale told us . "  There are some attacks but with no success and we 've captured pirates who are in jail awaiting prosecution , so the situation seems to be going in the right direction . " The huge amounts being spent here may be paying off , but piracy still effectively acts as a tax on every good coming through these waters . Many commercial operators now pay on board security contractors , and those that do n't must cough up for the extra fuel expended in navigating around the pirates ' operating zone , which is an area the size of Europe . Another option is a costly wait to be transported by NATO ships through the so-called "  Internationally Recommended Transit Corridor . " But Admiral Natale is optimistic that through the involvement of regional partners , a sustainable -- not to mention cheaper -- solution can be found . "  Two years ago the international community paid more than $ 12 billion to face this problem ; last year we reduced this amount to $ 7 billion and only a small part of this is related to governments , to the military . " But Natale is clear that to truly defeat piracy once and for all in the Horn of Africa , the key lies in Somalia . "  We 've been successful at sea , but of course the roots of the problem are on land . In the last ten years this has been , we could say , the only ` job ' for many young Somalis , the only way for them to work somewhere . " "  Any activity that will help train Somalis in order to stabilize their country will help bring about a final solution . " For now though , the gains made at sea remain reversible . "  As long as we 're here we 're putting on a strong pressure , and it would be naÃ ¯ ve to think that if we leave that all would stay peaceful " Captain Fjord-Larsen said . "  That 's not the case . The funding -LSB- for pirates -RSB- is there and they would be able to launch pirate attack groups very shortly . "	NATO 's Operation Ocean Shield chases pirates off Horn of Africa Captain of high tech HDMS Iver Huitfeldt says top goal is keeping pirates on shore 212 crew members of various ships in region were held hostage by pirates in 2012
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Frances Lewine , who covered the White House for The Associated Press during six presidential administrations and spent nearly three decades as a CNN editor and producer , died Saturday of an apparent stroke . She was 86 . Frances Lewine holds two winning tickets in August 2007 at Charles Town Races in West Virginia . Lewine was regarded as a trailblazer who battled for women 's rights in journalism , fighting to open the National Press Club and the Gridiron Club -- a Washington journalists ' organization -- to women . "  It 's amazing that at her age , Fran was still staking out administration and elected officials after weekend talk shows , " CNN Washington Bureau Chief David Bohrman said . "  All of journalism has lost a true pioneer . " Lewine was assigned to the White House in 1956 to cover the activities of first ladies and the Washington social scene . But in 1965 she became the AP 's first full-time female White House correspondent . Take a look at Lewine 's career " In 1977 she left AP to join the administration of President Jimmy Carter , and became the Department of Transportation 's deputy director of public affairs . When Carter left office in 1981 , Lewine moved to the newly created Cable News Network -- at age 60 -- as an assignment producer and field producer . "  When President Reagan was shot , I walked over to CNN that day and asked to help , " Lewine said in a 2005 article in a newsletter for Time Warner , the parent company of CNN . "  My claim to fame was , I found out what type of gun was used . They paid me $ 80 for my work . " Sunday would have been Lewine 's 87th birthday , co-workers said . She had been recovering from surgery , but was expected to return to the office as soon as this week . "  I do n't understand people who quit , " Lewine said in the newsletter article . "  We have the best jobs in the world . I have a front-row seat to history . What are you going to do that 's possibly better than this ? " Lewine was born in 1921 in New York and grew up in Far Rockaway . She graduated from New York 's Hunter College , where she edited the college newspaper and worked as a reporter for the Plainfield , New Jersey , Courier-News before moving to the Newark AP bureau . Lewine wrote that she began covering the White House full time "  with the arrival of the glamorous young Kennedys " and recalled that her working attire often was an evening dress . She accompanied the family to Vienna , Paris , and Rome and followed first lady Jacqueline Kennedy on a vacation trip to India and Pakistan , as well as two yachting excursions in the Mediterranean . On one of those trips , the first lady 's staff attempted to keep reporters in Athens , Greece , Lewine recalled . But she and several other journalists on a rented yacht followed her from island to island and , "  much to the anger of the White House , " kept track of the first lady 's activities by listening in on ship-to-shore radio . Lewine 's wrote that she was often frustrated at being "  relegated to social and family stories and sidebars while male colleagues covered the president . " She wrote that it was a "  source of disappointment and anger " that the AP never considered her an equal to male White House colleagues . That anger , she wrote , energized her "  to become a leader in the movement of women journalists in the 1950s , '60s and '70s to protest discrimination against women in their jobs and assignments . " To protest the Gridiron Club 's policy against women , Lewine founded the "  Counter-Gridiron . " A group of women reporters and sympathetic male reporters met regularly at her home to organize protests , she recalled . Eventually , she was the second woman invited to join the Gridiron . Lewine was one of six plaintiffs in a sex-discrimination suit filed against the AP , which was settled out of court for $ 2 million and changed the news organization 's policies . Lewine was also a member of the National Press Club , Executive Women in Government and the Society of Professional Journalists . She was elected to the Washington Society of Professional Journalists ' Hall of Fame and to the Hunter College Hall of Fame . Last year , she was awarded the Missouri Honor Medal for Distinguished Service in Journalism , the highest honor bestowed by the Missouri School of Journalism . "  In times like these , when the credibility of our nation and our president often comes into question , it is the reporter on the scene that can raise issues and put the spotlight on problems so the nation can address them , " she said in her acceptance speech . "  Reporters should understand that they have an obligation to search for the truth and to stand in the front line in holding governments and officials accountable for their actions . " E-mail to a friend	Frances Lewine , who died at age 86 , battled for women 's rights in journalism In 1965 , she became AP 's first full-time female White House correspondent For nearly three decades , she was a CNN assignment editor and field producer Was part of sex discrimination suit against AP that led to changes at news group
