San Francisco , California  CNN  -- A gay couple challenging Proposition 8 in federal court Monday said civil unions and domestic partnerships are n't the same as marriages , something they view as a stepping stone toward starting a family . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- like putting a Twinkie at the end of a treadmill and saying , ` You can only have a bite , ' " testified Paul Katami , one of the plaintiffs . "  And you want the whole thing . ... All I want is to be married . " Katami and his partner , Jeffrey Zarrillo , are among plaintiffs asking Chief Judge Vaughn R. Walker of the U.S. District Court in San Francisco to issue an injunction against the enforcement of California 's Proposition 8 , arguing the ban on same-sex marriage is unconstitutional . If allowed to marry his partner , 36-year-old Zarrillo said he would finally feel equal and complete . "  I 'd be able to stand there as one family , as a married individual , " Zarrillo said , noting the "  pride that one feels when that happens . " During testimony , attorney David Boies asked Zarrillo why he believed marriage was a better option for same-sex couples when compared with domestic partnerships and other arrangements states have for same-sex couples . "  Domestic partnership would relegate me to second-class citizenship , maybe third-class -- and that 's not enough , " he said . Zarrillo and Katami of Los Angeles , California , are joined by Kristin Perry and Sandra Stier of Berkeley , California , in the court challenge . Zarrillo said he believes it 's an important step to be married before having children , saying it would make it easier for the couple and the child and would afford the child additional protections . Being married and wearing a wedding ring sends a message to society , he said . "  It says to them , these individuals are serious , " Zarrillo said . "  They 're committed to one another . " Another attorney for the couples , Theodore Olson , argued to the judge that a ban on Proposition 8 leaves gay couples out of something available to all other people in the United States . "  Marriage is central to life in America , " Olson said . "  It promotes mental , physical and emotional self . It 's the building block of family , neighborhoods and community in our society . " Proposition 8 , Olson said , ended the dream of marriage for same-sex couples , which includes hundreds of thousands of Californians . The state , he said , "  has put people into categories . " "  You 're different , and we 're going to take away that right from you , " Olson said , interpreting the meaning of the ban . " ... That 's discrimination . " However , Charles Cooper , an attorney representing Protect Marriage , the group that came up with Proposition 8 , told the judge in his opening statement the purpose of marriage is to promote procreation between men and women . Same-sex marriage "  will likely lead to very real social harm ; it 's too novel and experimental , " he argued . Californians "  are entitled to make this critical decision for themselves , " he said , pointing to voter support of the proposition . Except for the issue of marriage , gays and lesbians have been successful in attaining policy goals , Cooper said , adding that California has some of the most comprehensive protections in the nation . About 100 protesters against the measure and in favor of same-sex marriage gathered peacefully outside the courthouse before the hearing , waving signs supporting equal rights . The case will likely head to the U.S. Supreme Court no matter the outcome . It is expected to set legal precedents that will shape society for years and result in a landmark court decision that settles whether Americans can marry people of the same sex . In legal circles and across the Internet , it has been dubbed this generation 's Brown v. Board of Education , the case that led to the Supreme Court decision that outlawed segregation in schools . Some say it could be the biggest ruling since Roe v. Wade , which tackled abortion . It also closely echoes the Supreme Court case that overturned bans on interracial marriage . CNN 's Mallory Simon and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Gay man testifies partnerships , unions only give part of what everyone else gets Paul Katami : "  You want the whole thing . ... All I want is to be married . " Lawyer for ban : Gay marriage has "  very real social harm ; it 's too novel and experimental " Lawyer for gay couples says California ban "  has put people into categories "
Paris  CNN  -- France will start withdrawing troops from Afghanistan , following a timetable similar to the one U.S. President Barack Obama announced , the French president 's office said Thursday . "  This withdrawal will be done in consultation with our allies and with the Afghan authorities , " the statement from Nicolas Sarkozy 's office said . All French troops could be out of Afghanistan by 2013 , French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet told France Info radio Thursday . Longuet declined to give specifics , citing the "  safety of our soldiers and the people they protect . "  So we can not say right now it will happen from such a place or it will be this type of troop because we have no information to give to our adversaries , the Taliban , " he said . But he said that NATO had planned on "  a complete transition in 2014 , " and that "  what has emerged today is that we will undoubtedly gain a year on this calendar . " France has 3,935 troops in Afghanistan , according to the NATO mission there . Obama said Wednesday that the U.S. would withdraw 33,000 U.S. troops by September 2012 . That will leave just under 70,000 Americans there . British Prime Minister David Cameron , whose country has the second largest number of foreign troops in Afghanistan , welcomed Obama 's announcement . He said the British will keep "  force levels in Afghanistan under constant review , " adding : "  I have already said there will be no UK troops in combat roles in Afghanistan by 2015 and , where conditions on the ground allow , it is right that we bring troops home sooner . " CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	The French move follows a similar one by U.S. President Barack Obama He is pulling 33,000 troops out , leaving about 70,000 France could have all troops out by 2013 , the defense minister says David Cameron says the British will have all combat troops out by 2015
One of the men accused of gang raping and fatally beating a woman on a New Delhi bus was found dead in his jail cell Monday . Police say Ram Singh hanged himself . But his lawyer and parents claim he was murdered . "  There was no reason for him to commit suicide . There is some foul play , " Singh 's attorney V.K. Anand said . Singh was housed in New Delhi 's Tihar Prison . Last year , the prison recorded 18 deaths , including two suicides , according to CNN affiliate CNN-IBN . "  Ram Singh did not kill himself . He was murdered , " Singh 's father , Mangi Lai , told the affiliate . New Delhi 's Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit said she has ordered an inquiry . Authorties say Singh was the driver of the bus aboard which several men brutally raped a 23-year-old woman on December 16 . The gang rape , and the woman 's subsequent death from injuries , prompted angry protests over the country 's treatment of women and handling of sexual attacks . Police charged Singh and four other men with murder , rape and kidnapping . Their trial began in February . If convicted , the men could face the death penalty . A sixth suspect is 17 and will be tried separately in juvenile court . The December rape gripped India and led to calls for stricter laws on sexual assault and changes in cultural attitudes toward women . Most Indian women have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation or on the streets , according to the Indian Council on Global Relations .	Suspect 's lawyer : "  There was no reason for him to commit suicide " The parents of Ram Singh say he was murdered He was accused of raping and fatally beating a woman in a gang assault on a New Delhi bus The attack prompted angry protests over the country 's treatment of women
Charlotte  CNN  -- Four years later , consider the role reversal : As he closes his convention , Barack Obama 's greatest challenge is to make the case against change . Yet he ca n't ask the American people to simply stay the course . The challenge , both daunting and delicate , is to make the case that his first-term policies were correct but that the second-term results will be dramatically different . Veteran Democratic pollster Peter Hart says the president 's challenge is to provide a clear and credible answer to this : "  Why will you be better off in the second term ? " And Hart argues that the stakes , already high , are higher still now because of the strong prime-time performances of first lady Michelle Obama and former President Bill Clinton . "  This convention is now a home run derby , " Hart said . Four years ago in Denver , Sen. Barack Obama sold himself as the candidate of hope and change , presenting himself as a different brand of politician , someone who would change Washington -- and the economy -- for the better . Obama to speak after forceful Clinton endorsement But if Washington has changed at all , it is for the worse . And while both sides can find statistics that support their arguments on the state of the economy , it is clear that many Americans at best feel they are treading water . So the tone is very different in Charlotte than in Denver . So is the targeting . Four years ago , the goal was to expand the map , and the Obama campaign ultimately succeeded . This year , the path to 270 Electoral College votes and victory is less certain , though the president does have more viable options than does GOP nominee Mitt Romney . Still , because of the changed climate , the Obama acceptance speech will close a Democratic convention that for the most part has been a giant get-out-the-vote rally , speakers chosen because of their appeal to specific constituencies  African-Americans , Latinos , suburban women , gays and lesbians  or major battleground states . The most sustained appeal to undecided or independent voters was Wednesday 's prime-time dissertation by Clinton . Speaking to supporters Thursday morning , the president talked broadly about his test of convention success . "  Hopefully , at the end of this convention , people will say we accomplished what we needed to and delivered our vision for the country and offered a clear contrast to what people saw in Tampa , " the president said . Obama readies two-term pitch While Charlotte has had plenty of contrast with the GOP convention in Tampa , there has been virtually no specific talk of the president 's policy goals for the next four years . Will he , like Romney , offer a specific jobs target ? Will he offer a new deficit reduction goal ? Venture into goals or timetables for immigration reform ? How the president packages his pitch also could be defining . For Ronald Reagan , the second term was wrapped as "  Morning in America . " Clinton 's 1996 bid for a second term was sold as his "  Bridge to the 21st Century . " Thursday night , Obama 's challenge is to sell his road map . And beyond the need to lay out a second-term policy agenda , some other Obama challenges are obvious . Voters , albeit by a narrow margin , view Romney as better able to manage the economy . And while Obama leads when voters are asked which candidate best understands the middle class , the latest CNN/ORC International polling showed that Romney significantly narrowed that gap as a result of the Republican convention . The president 's top political advisers see discouragement as their greatest potential enemy . Proof of this is in a look at recent national polling : The president 's numbers among registered voters are stronger than his numbers among likely voters , meaning a fair share of potential Obama voters are n't as engaged or interested this time around . First lady seeks to reignite flame for president Again , that is the strategy behind the convention agenda : careful targeting of the different pieces of the Obama 2008 coalition . But for all the help he is getting from his friends , it is up to Obama himself to close the deal . Now , the role of one speech should not be overstated . Just hours after the convention closes , the government will release August jobs data -- and that data could significantly shape morning-after reflections on the president 's big moment . Plus , there are two months of campaigning and three presidential debates ahead , so this is n't his last chance . But it 's a giant opportunity , his unfiltered chance to make the case against change .	Stakes for Obama 's speech are higher after two prime-time performances Democratic pollster : "  This convention is now a home run derby " Targeting in Charlotte differs from the messaging in Denver four years ago Thursday night , Obama 's challenge is to sell his road map
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- As the ninth day of protests left six wounded Saturday , Yemen President Ali Abdullah Saleh blamed the roiling unrest on foreign agendas and a plot against Yemen 's stability , according to the state-run Saba news agency . "  Everybody has the right to express his views peacefully and has the right to have a say through media as there are many democratic means for the expression of opinion , " Saleh told Saturday 's founding conference of Civil Society Organizations , according to Saba . The president said he hoped the conference will come up with recommendations to alleviate the country 's current unstable situation . "  We do not want to copy others , but we shall define what we want , " he said , according to Saba . Saleh expressed concern about violence in the coastal city of Aden , where five people have been killed since Wednesday in anti-government demonstrations , hospital and government officials said . Saleh urged non-violent change through the ballot box , according to the state-run news agency . In an attempt to quell growing discontent , Saleh , a key U.S. ally in the fight against an offshoot of al Qaeda in Yemen , has announced he wo n't seek another term in 2013 after being in power for 32 years . He also said he would postpone parliamentary elections scheduled for April to allow more time for discussions about reform . Yemen 's situation is exacerbated by the U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda , a Shiite uprising , a secessionist movement in its once-independent south , and a looming shortage of water . Hundreds of Yemeni anti-government protesters clashed with pro-government demonstrators Saturday at Sanaa University , eyewitnesses and a local human rights group said . Gunshots were fired into the crowd , leaving at least six wounded , they said . Abdul Rahman Barman , head of the human rights group HOOD , corrected an earlier account he provided about one student supposedly being killed in the demonstration . Barman said the chaos at the scene caused the error . Instead , that student , Bassam Othman , an anti-government demonstrator , was shot in the neck and was showing improvement while in Kuwait Hospital , said his brother , Sabri . The brother accused pro-government gang members of firing upon the crowd and questioned why the riot police did n't step in and protect students who were demonstrating . "  What 's happening is because of chaos and because of lack of security . Even if they were anti-government protesters , where is the security to keep us safe ? " Sabri Othman told CNN . "  The whole world is seeing this and seeing that it 's wrong . These tactics that are being used means the regime here is falling apart . " Four other injured persons were hospitalized and are in stable condition , said Khulaid Mashraqi , a local doctor . Two were shot in the leg while the other two had wounds to the head , he said . "  There were 30 to 40 pro-government gang members there that were randomly shooting at us , " said Esam Al-Hajjaji , an anti-government protester who was shot in the leg . Saturday marked the ninth consecutive day of protests in Yemen . The Yemen parliament expressed its regrets Saturday for all the victims of the ongoing violent demonstrations , according to the state-run news outlet . In a statement , the parliament condemned any outlaw sabotage and violence as well as attempts to disturb the country 's security and stability . It rejected any efforts promoting "  hatred and regionalism culture " and called on security forces to enhance stability and protect citizens , according to Saba . The parliament also called upon all Yemenis to put Yemen first among their priorities . Saba reported Saturday that an official source at the Interior Ministry has denounced some reports that security personnel in civilian clothes participated in marches . "  These fabrications are baseless and aims at insulting the security services , " the source told Saba . The source also said security personnel are present in uniform near all rallies of pro- and anti-government marchers to maintain security and public order . The U.S. Embassy issued a statement Friday voicing concern for what it called "  a disturbing rise in the number and violence of attacks against Yemeni citizens gathering peacefully to express their views on the current political situation . " The embassy said it had received reports that government officials were present during the attacks . "  The attacks are contrary to the commitments that President Saleh has made to protect the right of Yemeni citizens to gather peacefully to express their views , " the statement said . On Friday , supporters of Ali Abdullah Saleh hurled rocks and plunged into a crowd calling for the longtime president 's ouster in Sanaa as similar protests gained momentum in other Yemeni towns . In the wake of Egyptians successfully toppling President Hosni Mubarak more than a week ago , thousands of people in several Arab nations were trying to score their own victories . On Friday , Yemenis marched to Sanaa University , where security forces and riot police tried to stay between rival demonstrators . "  After Mubarak , now it 's Ali 's turn , " chanted the anti-government protesters . "  The people want the fall of the regime . " "  I 'm out here today because we want the president to go and we want to make sure that he and his family do n't stay in power , " said Khalid Amer , a student . Despite concessions from Saleh , a rising tide of anger is sweeping through Yemen 's youth , who say they are simply fed up with the status quo . Saleh met earlier in the week with his National Defense Council to discuss discontent in his nation . The council "  stressed all should practice their rights according to the constitution , in a peaceful way and without violence , chaos , sabotage and lawbreaking , " Saba reported . Saleh has also been in touch with King Hamad of Bahrain , also mired in unrest . "  He pointed out that there are schemes aimed at plunging the region into chaos and violence targeting the nation 's security and the stability of its countries , " according to Saba . "  Those who commit acts of disorder and vandalism  are  simply implementing suspicious foreign agendas . " The report did n't suggest who might be behind the agendas . Journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	NEW : One protester reportedly killed actually survived a gunshot wound to neck Yemen 's president says foreign agendas threaten country 's stability At least six are wounded from most recent clashes Saturday marks the ninth consecutive day of protests in Yemen
CNN Student News  -- November 18 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : New York City Azerbaijan Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Not for the first time Mario Balotelli , who plays for one of Europe 's biggest soccer teams AC Milan , is in the spotlight again . The Italian international is the focus of racially charged remarks made by Milan vice president Paulo Berlusconi , the younger brother of former prime minister and team owner Silvio Berlusconi . During a political rally for his brother where he invited the public to an upcoming match , the younger Berlusconi was caught on camera -- the video is now featured on the website of Italian newspaper La Repubblica -- saying : "  OK , we are all off to see the family 's little black boy . "  He 's a crazy head . All the young ladies are invited as well -- you can even have a chance to meet the president -LSB- Silvio Berlusconi -RSB- . " Milan declined to comment on the remarks when contacted by CNN , while Balotelli 's representatives have yet to respond to phone and email messages . Italy national team striker Balotelli joined Milan last week after a two-and-a-half-year stint with English champions Manchester City , during which time he attracted media attention for his off-field antics and ill discipline on the pitch . The incident involving Berlusconi 's brother comes one month after another racial incident involving a black AC Milan player . AC 's German-born Ghanaian international midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng walked off the pitch after being subjected to racist chanting during a friendly match with fourth division team Pro Patria . Silvio Berlusconi , as well as world football head Sepp Blatter , backed Boateng for taking a strong stance against prejudicial abuse , though the FIFA president noted that walk-offs are not a long-term solution to the problem . Offensive Italian football expert and author John Foot explained how Paulo Berlusconi 's words were offensive on several levels . "  It is an insult , " Foot told CNN . "  It 's not n ***** translated , but it would translate as ` little negro ' or ` little family negro ' . A lot of Italians would n't necessarily see it as racist , but that does n't mean it is n't . "  I 'm sure Balotelli would see it as an insult . Even if you take the racial element out of it , it is quite insulting . The idea that they own this person has a lot of other connotations . " Balotelli played for AC 's city rivals Inter Milan between 2006 and 2010 , during which time he was subjected to racist abuse by Juventus fans during a match in 2009 . Foot thinks how Balotelli responds should such an incident occur again in the future could shape how Italian football tackles racism . "  When the first racist chants appear in a game he is playing in , are the players going to walk off ? " Foot asked . "  That is going to be a key moment . I think it will happen . "  It has entered into the football stadiums in the late 1980s and early 1990s . Some things have been done , but generally there is not a zero tolerance approach towards it . "  It 's not just individuals . In Italy it could be a large part of the hardcore fans doing it , therefore it is a lot harder to deal with . "  I think the Boateng incident was really positive because it put the issue on the agenda and said , ` We 're not going to take this anymore ' and he was backed by the authorities which was really good . "  Let 's see if they put their money where their mouth is and walk off during a Serie A game which is on television . If they do , I think it will have an impact . " When the deal -- worth around $ 31 million -- to bring Balotelli to AC was announced last week , La Stampa estimated the signing of "  Super Mario " could be worth 400,000 votes in Silvio Berlusconi 's bid for re-election in Italy later this month . While the incident could damage Berlusconi 's image abroad , Foot doubted it would affect his popularity in Italy . "  His reputation abroad is pretty appalling anyway , " added Foot . "  There has n't been a debate in Italy about racist language . For a long time they used to use words to describe immigrants which were absolutely racist . "  It is something I do n't think will have an impact on Berlusconi domestically . " The word "  negro " was the subject of a racism storm in England in 2011 , when Patrice Evra of Manchester United claimed he had repeatedly been called the word by Liverpool 's Luis Suarez . The accusations sparked a debate over cultural differences over the word 's meaning . Watch : Israeli football club faces fan backlash Some claimed it was a term of endearment used in Uruguay , however Suarez was handed an eight-match ban and a Â # 40,000  $ 63,000  fine by England 's football association . Kwadwo Asamoah is a Ghana international who plays for AC 's Serie A rivals Juventus . Meanwhile , speaking from the Africa Cup of Nations in South Africa , where Ghana play Burkina Faso in Wednesday 's semifinal , Kwadwo Asamoah , who plays for Milan 's Serie A rivals Juventus , called for an end to racist abuse in football . "  Football is about coming together , " the 24-year-old Ghana international told CNN . "  When it comes to something like this it makes you feel like you 're not a human being . "  What I would say is please stop this racism because we are all one , we are all human beings . Football is about fun and bringing people together . "	Mario Balotelli focus of racially charged remarks . Younger brother of former prime minister and team owner Silvio Berlusconi caught on camera saying : "  OK , we are all off to see the family 's little black boy " Italian football expert and author John Foot says Paulo Berlusconi 's words are offensive on several levels . Foot adds that there "  has n't been a debate in Italy about racist language "
Dafniya , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan rebels and troops loyal to Moammar Gadhafi shelled each other for hours on Saturday in clashes at the highly contested frontline of Dafniya , an embattled town just west of the besieged port city of Misrata . At least 11 rebels were wounded in the exchange of fire and treated at one of the two field hospitals in what has been the most active day in Dafniya this week , according to a CNN team . Heavy government shelling on Misrata and Dafniya began shortly after Gadhafi rallied his supporters in an audio message on state TV and threatened to take the fighting to Europe in retaliation for NATO 's bombing campaign . "  As soon as Gadhafi 's speech ended , they started shelling Dafniya and around midnight there was a salvo of about eight rockets inside Misrata itself , and it continues on the front this morning , " said CNN 's Ben Wedeman , who was in Misrata Saturday . Gadhafi has vowed vengeance for NATO bombings in Libya . He said the Libyan military could be "  like locusts , like bees " in Europe , potentially targeting homes and offices . "  You are mistaken , you are involved in a battle that you do n't know what you are going to face , so withdraw and run away , " Gadhafi told a pro-government gathering in Tripoli . "  Our people is able in one day to move the battle to the Mediterranean , and able to move the battle to Europe . " Gadhafi referred to NATO , which began bombing military targets in Libya after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution in March authorizing force by whatever means necessary -- with the exception of a ground invasion -- to protect civilians . Libyan government spokesman Moussa Ibrahim on Saturday reiterated Gadhafi 's call for vengeance . NATO 's "  aggression is killing our children  and  Europe will have to face the consequences , " he said . "  You will have people attacking Europe , joining terrorist organizations against Europe , and building a culture that makes legitimate all violence against Europe . " Ibrahim claimed rebel fighters "  have no popular support . " "  The rebels have no future , " he added . "  They know it and they are terrified . " On Saturday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the NATO mission in Libya is on track , with pressure on Gadhafi mounting and the rebel forces growing stronger . "  We need to see this through , and we are in complete agreement that we will , " she said alongside the Spanish foreign minister in Madrid Saturday . In Washington , State Department spokesman Mark Toner said the United States was taking seriously the Libyan leader 's remarks . "  Certainly this is an individual who 's obviously capable of carrying out these kinds of threats , " he told reporters . "  It 's what makes him so dangerous . But he 's also someone who 's given to overblown rhetoric . " He said the United States would continue to support NATO 's mission of increasing pressure on Gadhafi to step aside . The events came one day after the African Union 's special committee on Libya said it had officially presented a plan meant to help Libya find a way out of the current crisis . The proposal states that Gadhafi will not be part of the negotiation process , but stops short of saying he should step down . "  It is envisaged to convene , soon , in Addis Ababa ,  Ethiopia  negotiations between the parties to discuss these proposals , " the group said in a statement . Committee members have met with Gadhafi and opposition leaders over the past three months . Another African Union-led attempt to broker peace between Gadhafi and the rebels fell through in April . The French government was in talks with Libyan rebels about supplying them with weapons and ammunition , a Libyan opposition military spokesman in Misrata said Thursday . The French government has not confirmed the claim , which follows an acknowledgment earlier this week that its military has previously dropped light weaponry to rebels elsewhere . CNN 's Ben Wedeman and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : The African Union calls for talks between rebels and the government A government spokesman reiterated Gadhafi 's call for vengeance 11 rebels wounded in exchange of fire at frontline The rebel-held city of Misrata and the embattled city of Dafniya were attacked Saturday
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- A group of British children and teachers quarantined for nearly a week in China because of swine flu fears were allowed to leave their hotel Tuesday , Britain 's Foreign Office said . Two students outside the Yan Xiang Hotel where a group of British children and teachers have been quarantined . A spokesman could not confirm the number of children and teachers released from quarantine , but they were among a group of 111 that was sequestered in a Beijing hotel six days ago . The students and teachers came from various schools in Britain and were all traveling to China together as members of the same British school association , the Specialist Schools and Academies Trust . Twelve children were hospitalized and diagnosed with the H1N1 virus , commonly known as swine flu . One child is in the hospital awaiting test results to confirm the virus , the Foreign Office said . The group released from quarantine Tuesday will now be moved to a different hotel , the Foreign Office said . The second group is due to be released from quarantine Wednesday , the Foreign Office said . Olivia Bishop , one of the teachers on the trip , said Chinese authorities pulled three students aside as soon as they landed at the airport because they had high temperatures . Two tested positive for mild symptoms of the virus , she said , and the rest of the group was able to continue with planned sightseeing . "  When we got back to the campus that evening , we were about to have our dinner and we were told to go back to a classroom and wait , and then we were taken to the hotel to be quarantined , " Bishop told Sky News . CNN 's Ashleigh Nghiem in London , England , contributed to this report .	British children released from quarantine after six-day lock-in at Beijing hotel Released students part of a group of 111 in China on cultural exchange UK Foreign Office says other children will be free to leave hotel on Wednesday Only twelve of the children were diagnosed with H1N1 , known as swine flu
CNN 's Arwa Damon visited a national park in West Java , part of Indonesia , on March 7 , and reports on her experience with scientists working to save the habitat of the endangered gibbon species . Poachers kill the mothers and sell the baby gibbons on the black market . There are only 4,000 Java gibbons left . WEST JAVA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Primatologist Dr. Jatna Supriatna scans the treetops in a national park on the island of Java , looking for gibbons . This area is home to about 150 of the remaining 4,000 Java gibbons . These highly acrobatic creatures are easy prey on the ground and live well above it in the jungle canopy . "  They like the trees here , the fruit from the trees , so sometimes they are here , " Supriatna says softly , as we trek through the natural beauty with midday light streaming through the foliage . "  This is keystone to the gibbons . You ca n't kill the trees " he continues emphatically , pointing out the dainty figs that are a staple part of the gibbons ' diet . But that 's exactly what 's going on . Indonesia has the shameful distinction of holding the "  highest deforestation " title in the 2008 Guinness Book of World Records , destroying an estimated 300 soccer fields of forest every hour . According to the World Wildlife Fund , these shy and elusive creatures are the most endangered of all ape species . "  They do n't have any too big a natural enemy , but encroachment , " Supriatna explains . Through the foliage we can see the electrical towers from the human communities , slowly eating away at what 's left of this protected land . Baby gibbons are also subject to illegal poaching because they are considered cute pets and , according to Supriatna , selling for thousands of dollars on the black market . "  They kill the mother because they want to have the baby , " Supriatna says . "  So if they kill the mother , there is no chance for survival of the population , of the gibbon . " In a project run by Conservation International , primatologists are trying to rehabilitate gibbons they saved from people 's homes . UuUu , a 7-year-old female , is tranquilized and gently moved to the "  introduction cage . " Because gibbons live in family groups , her only chance of survival in the wild is with a mate . As she sits hunched over in a corner , drooling and smacking her lips from the effect of the drugs , in the neighboring cage , Kiss Kiss , a male , emits low whimpers , a visible sign of his agitation . Watch the effort to get the pair to mate " UuUu slowly shakes off the drugs and groggily clambers on the fencing . "  They will spend at least a week watching each other , " Supriatna explains laughing . "  Not like humans . They have to invest a lot in the pairing because when they are in nature , they have to find the right guy for the female because their entire life , they will be there . It 's not like they can choose one and just move to the other . " For this species , there are no one-night stands . And Kiss Kiss can attest to just how picky female gibbons can be . He was already rejected by a female he spent six months with . In the five years since this project began , there have only been three successful couplings , between the 16 gibbons at the center . So far no couples have been introduced back into the wild . Not only do the primatologists have to get the pairs to mate , but they also have to teach them vital lessons about their diet . For these gibbons that were snatched from the wild , nature can be poisonous . This makes preserving those already there even more important . Gibbons are a vital part of this already fragile ecosystem , crucial to seed distribution and the health of the ecosystem . Supriatna warns that changing the balance of nature will cause disasters . In the distance , as the afternoon rains start to roll in , we can hear the gibbon 's melodic song . Supriatna 's picks out the male-female duet . "  Listen , the female -LSB- is -RSB- usually singing a little bit longer and louder . " The haunting melody gets louder , but the gibbon pair it 's coming from is n't close enough for us to see . But its easy to imagine them deftly swinging through the canopy . And the realization sets in , that the gibbon song , like the nature we hear it in , risks being a thing of the past . E-mail to a friend	West Java is home to about 150 of the remaining 4,000 Java gibbons World Wildlife Fund : Gibbons are most endangered of ape species Conservation International tries to rehabilitate gibbons Indonesia holds the "  highest deforestation " title in 2008 Guinness record book
CNN  -- A pedophile suspect who became the subject of an international manhunt this week after an appeal from Interpol has been detained in the United States . Wayne Nelson Corliss was arrested at his New Jersey apartment . Wayne Nelson Corliss , 58 , was arrested at his apartment in Union City , New Jersey , about midnight Wednesday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents , Interpol said in a written statement . He is believed to have worked as an actor using the name Casey Wayne and to have worked as a Santa Claus in New York during the holiday season , Interpol said . Corliss appeared Thursday before a U.S. magistrate in Newark , New Jersey , but did not enter a plea . During that appearance , prosecutors said he had confessed and acknowledged traveling to Thailand , where on three occasions he abused boys between 6 and 10 years old after using a madam to find them . Prosecutors said he brought back a pair of boys ' underwear as a souvenir . It was among items found in his apartment , along with five hard drives containing more than 1,000 images of child pornography , according to prosecutors . In addition , authorities said Corliss admitted to frequenting online chat rooms that discuss having sex with children . Interpol announced Tuesday that it was attempting to identify the man , who was featured in 100 photographs sexually abusing at least three boys between the ages of 6 and 10 , it said . The images came to light in 2006 , when Norwegian authorities discovered them in the possession of a man they arrested . They were believed to have been taken in Southeast Asia . Interpol posted six pictures of the suspect on its Web site . "  Two days ago , this man 's nationality , identity and location were totally unknown , " Interpol Secretary General Ronald K. Noble said . "  All we had to go by were a series of graphic photographs in which the suspect was seen sexually abusing young children and our confidence that the public and police worldwide would once again respond to Interpol 's call for assistance . "  That two days later the primary suspect is now in custody is an outstanding achievement and credit to the citizens , media and law enforcement worldwide who responded to Interpol 's call . " Corliss is charged with producing child pornography , according to prosecutors . He faces a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison , with a 10-year minimum , if convicted in the United States . Other charges could be sought when the case is presented to a grand jury , said Michael Drewniak , spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office in New Jersey . The images found in 2006 were on a computer and stored in a file named "  Thai -- Luv , " according to the criminal complaint filed against Corliss , which was released by the Department of Justice . Data on the images showed that they had been taken in 2000 . The complaint alleges that the suspect 's face is clearly shown and the background suggests the images were taken in Thailand . "  The images depict an airport luggage tag with the code ` BKK . ' BKK is the luggage tag code for Suvarnabhumi International Airport in Bangkok , Thailand . " Also shown is a "  Chang " water bottle , common in Thailand , the court documents said . A search of U.S. passport information found an image of Corliss that police compared to the photographs , the complaint said . "  Furthermore , databases maintained by the Department of Homeland Security indicated extensive travel to Asia by defendant Corliss . " On Wednesday , Interpol said it was sifting through hundreds of tips that had poured in . The organization , which facilitates global cooperation among police agencies , said Thursday that it received nearly 250,000 visits to its Web site within the first 24 hours after its appeal was launched -- more than 10 times the daily average . Such tactics have proved successful for Interpol in the past . In October , it disseminated pictures of another man whose face -- altered to disguise his identity -- appeared in more than 200 images of sex acts with children , thought to have been taken in Vietnam and Cambodia . Ten days later , Christopher Paul Neil , a 32-year-old Canadian who had been working as an English-language teacher in South Korea , was arrested in Thailand and charged with child abuse after police managed to reverse the photo-masking process . After the success of that operation , Interpol 's general assembly approved a resolution allowing Interpol to seek public help in child sex abuse investigations . CNN 's Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	U.S. federal agents detain pedophile suspect sought in global hunt Interpol believe that he worked as a Santa Claus in New York NEW : Suspect Wayne Nelson Corliss , appears in court ; no plea entered NEW : Prosecutor tells court he admits abusing boys age 6 to 10 in Thailand
Baghdad  CNN  -- The last U.S. troops to occupy Camp Victory , once one of the largest and most high-profile American military bases in Iraq , left Friday afternoon as the Iraqi government assumed control of the sprawling complex near Baghdad 's main airport . The United States signed over control of the base on Thursday and it became effective on Friday , Col. Barry Johnson , a U.S. Army spokesman said . No high-profile ceremony marked the transition , he said . The last group of service members stationed at Camp Victory began moving off-base around 12 p.m. , he said . Within two hours , no U.S. troops remained , he said . The base -- formally known as Victory Base Complex -- once housed as many as 40,000 service members . It includes lavish palaces built by Saddam Hussein , some of which were used as barracks or dining facilities . Hussein , the country 's leader until the U.S. invasion in 2003 deposed him , was among prisoners held in a maximum security prison on the base . The transition leaves the United States with five military bases in Iraq as it continues to draw down its forces there in preparation for a complete withdrawal by the end of the year . President Barack Obama ordered U.S. forces out of Iraq in October after the two countries were unable to reach an agreement on a continued presence of troops .	United States hands control of Camp Victory to Iraq The sprawling base was once one of the United States ' largest in Iraq U.S. troops are preparing to fully withdraw from Iraq by year 's end
Beijing  CNN  -- Celebrities who have been caught using drugs or frequenting prostitutes have been banned from China 's airwaves , according to state media , as a national crackdown on vice widens . The order was issued to media outlets by the State Administration of Press , Publication , Radio , Film and Television , China 's media watchdog , according to the state-run China Daily . It said that entertainers who broke the law would not be invited to appear on shows , and that their previous work should not be aired . The ruling applies to TV and radio shows , films and advertising across multiple platforms . The ban would help "  spread positive energy " and "  create a positive environment " on media platforms , the watchdog said in its statement . The announcement comes as China 's government pushes ahead with a war on drugs , gambling and prostitution . In February , police raided 2,000 establishments and detained more than 900 people in Dongguan , a southern Chinese city that had gained a reputation as "  sin city " for its thriving sex industry . And last month the Ministry of Public Security announced a new round of crackdowns on the production and sale of drugs in 108 cities , China Daily reported . Celebrity busts A number of celebrities have been caught up in the raids . In August , 32-year-old actor Jaycee Chan , the son of screen legend Jackie Chan , was arrested alongside 23-year-old Taiwanese actor Kai Ko in Beijing on drugs charges . Both tested positive for marijuana . Singer Li Daimo was sentenced to nine months in jail for hosting a crystal meth party at his home , according to the China Daily , while screenwriter and novelist Chen Wanning , known as Ning Caishen , was detained for possessing and using methamphetamine . In August , management agencies representing entertainers in Beijing signed an agreement with authorities banning drug use from the industry , and pledging to drop stars who broke the law . News of the ban spread quickly on Chinese social media . On one unofficial poll on the Twitter-like Sina Weibo service , 84 % of respondents supported the ban , while 16 % were opposed . "  Artists have a broad influence .  Their behavior  will have a bad influence on juveniles , especially their fans . So I think this is great , " wrote Weibo user @Xiaomanzu . Others disagreed . "  Whether  they  can return to showbiz should depend on the market ... Enforcing the ban is totally acting like a dictator , " wrote @Miamia_wodexingxingkai .	Celebrities who use drugs or prostitutes are banned , says China 's media watchdog The ban applies to their previous works as well , says the statement China has launched a crackdown on vice this year , targeting drugs and the sex industry A number of celebrities have been caught up in drug raids
CNN  -- Hayao Miyazaki is regarded by many as the world 's greatest living animator and an icon of Japanese popular culture . In 2002 , his work burst onto international screens with the ghostly animation "  Spirited Away . " It smashed box office records in Japan and earned him an Oscar for Best Animated Feature . Setting up Studio Ghibli in 1985 , the 70-year-old has made 18 animated features that fuse wild fantasy with more serious issues including environmentalism and feminism . Miyazaki 's 2008 film "  Ponyo " featured a catastrophic tsunami , but the animator insists that including disasters in his films only makes him a realist able to highlight the fragility of life rather than a prophetic , doom-monger . "  I ca n't predict things , but I knew that a tsunami was coming because if you live in Japan that 's to be expected , " he said . "  We just forgot that at some point a tsunami will come . Even in the disaster stricken areas , people should have known , or even if they knew they probably felt that they were protected by the concrete around them . " Miyazaki visited the tsunami-hit area of northeast Japan four months after the disaster to screen his films to local children . Surveying the devastation around the town of Rikuzen-Takada , he said : "  The people who are going to live here should take the time and really think about what kind of town should be rebuilt . " His own attention to detail and pain-staking approach to making his films has gained him plaudits from contemporaries like Pixar 's John Lasseter and "  Wallace and Gromit " animator Nick Park . But he does believe that his Studio Ghibli is one of a dying breed ; a place where animators draw by hand and use computer animation sparingly . "  We are an extinct species maybe , an island of the Galapagos , and well ,  hand drawing  is the only thing I 'm interested in and therefore people who are not interested in working by hand should choose another place of work . " While aware of the need to creating a functioning business with Studio Ghibli , Miyazaki remains protective of his films -- "  all my films are all my children " -- especially when shown to international audiences . He once sent a samurai sword to Harvey Weinstein who was handling the release of "  Princess Mononoke " with a note attached reading : "  No cuts . " "  Sometimes we have to create animation to support the studio , not have the studio to support the animation , " he said . "  But we ca n't really have that approach so we have to change our mindset and say that we want to make this animation . "  Just as long as there are people , there is an audience for the films we make , that is enough . "	Hayao Mizayaki created Studio Ghibli with business partner in 1985 Director and animator created international hits like "  Ponyo " and "  Spirited Away " Miyazaki is one of the last of his kind , relying almost totally on drawing by hand
CNN  "  Captain America " actor Chris Evans met some "  true superheroes " on Saturday at Seattle Children 's Hospital in a visit with "  Guardians of the Galaxy " star Chris Pratt . It was their second hospital visit as part of a Super Bowl bet that ended in a win for everyone . The bet : If Pratt 's team -- the Seattle Seahawks -- won the Super Bowl , Evans would visit Seattle Children 's Hospital dressed as Captain America . If Evans ' team -- the New England Patriots -- won , Pratt would visit Christopher 's Haven in Boston dressed as "  Guardians of the Galaxy " character Star-Lord , wearing Patriots quarterback Tom Brady 's jersey . Even though the Patriots won , the two Chrises visited both hospitals . Pratt wore his Star-Lord costume to visit Boston Children 's Hospital in February , and Evans donned his Captain America duds to visit Seattle Children 's on Saturday , bearing gifts in the form of Marvel action figures and accessories . "  Meeting Captain America and Star-Lord is an experience our patients will always remember , " Seattle Children 's said . "  The kids were beyond excited to meet Captain America and Star-Lord . " The superhero actors met Oskar Beechum , 7 , who has been at Seattle Children 's for four months for epilepsy treatment . "  Meeting them was a nice reprieve for us , " Oskar 's mom Kelli Beechum said . "  So many of our visitors are doctors , and the conversations are medical . I ca n't wait to watch the Captain America movie with Oskar . It will be like he knows him personally now . " The visit made an impression on Evans , too , who said he felt inspired , blessed and touched after meeting "  some TRUE super heroes ! "	Chris Evans , Chris Pratt visit young patients at Seattle Children 's Hospital The pair visited children 's hospital in Boston in February in Super Bowl bet
CNN  -- A mountain lion was killed in a car accident in Milford , Connecticut , on Saturday and authorities say the cat may have been the same one spotted this week in nearby Greenwich . The Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection says it responded to a State Police call about 1 a.m. Saturday morning reporting a collision between a 2006 Hyundai Tucson SUV and a mountain lion in the area of Exit 55 of Route 15 in Milford . The mountain lion died of injuries in the crash , but the SUV driver was uninjured . Connecticut DEP says it 's possible and even likely that the mountain lion killed early Saturday morning is the same cat that 's been roaming around Greenwich this month . The animal was last seen Sunday on the campus of a college prep school . The 140-pound male cat is at a DEP facility where his body , along with paw prints and other specimens are being analyzed and tested to determine if it is the same cat seen in Greenwich . There is no native population of mountain lions in Connecticut , the DEP says , and the eastern mountain lion has been declared extinct by federal authorities . They are able to roam long distances , according to the DEP . Milford is about 40 miles north of Greenwich , which DEP says would have easily been within the cat 's roaming range .	Connecticut official says it is most likely the same cat that was seen in Greenwich State Environmental Protection is testing to determine if it was the same animal The driver of the car was uninjured in the wreck
CNN  -- Anthony Stokes , 15 , received a heart transplant Tuesday night at Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta , according to a family spokesman . Anthony is recovering and "  doing great , " Mark Bell said . Anthony 's case first attracted national attention when his family told media the hospital had denied him a spot on the heart transplant list . An August 7 letter from the hospital , which Bell provided to CNN , said that "  Anthony is currently not a transplant candidate due to having a history of noncompliance , which is one of our center 's contraindications to listing for heart transplant . " Noncompliance generally means that doctors doubt that a patient will take his medicine or go to follow-up appointments . A week later , according to Bell , doctors reversed that decision and gave Anthony top priority on the transplant list . On August 16 , Anthony had a procedure to insert a device to support his failing heart , Bell said . The ventricular assist device , or VAD , was used to help the heart function and blood flow while he waited for the heart transplant . The mechanical pump included a small tube that carried blood out of the heart into a pump , and another tube that carried blood from the pump to blood vessels . Vessels deliver blood to the body . Bell said Anthony 's heart transplant started at 6:15 p.m. on Tuesday and lasted just over five hours . The teen has been in the hospital since July 14 , according to CNN affiliate WSB-TV . Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta has been mum on Anthony 's case , citing patient privacy . Last week a hospital spokeswoman declined to confirm Anthony 's VAD procedure and referred CNN to the family for related inquiries . The hospital is in good standing , according to the United Network for Organ Sharing , the nonprofit organization in charge of transplant coordination in the United States . "  Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta has performed 10 transplants so far this year ; three of them in the past week alone , " the hospital said in a statement Wednesday . "  Since our transplant program 's inception , we have performed 279 pediatric heart transplants on children ages ranging from newborn to 21 . " A matter of compliance Assessing compliance for potential transplant recipients is important because if a patient does n't strictly take all required medicines as directed , he or she could die within weeks of leaving the hospital , said Dr. Ryan Davies , a cardiothoracic surgeon at the Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children in Wilmington , Delaware , who is not involved with this case . But Bell said a doctor told the family that Anthony 's low grades and time spent in juvenile detention factored into that assessment . "  The doctor made the decision that he was n't a good candidate because of that , " Bell said . "  I guess he did n't think Anthony was going to be a productive citizen . " Anthony 's mother , Melencia Hamilton , told CNN affiliate WGCL-TV that doctors said Anthony would have lived only three to six months if he had n't gotten the heart transplant . The Southern Christian Leadership Conference 's Georgia chapter was involved in drawing media attention to Anthony 's case because the organization has "  a longtime relationship with the child , " said the Rev. Samuel Mosteller , the chapter 's president , Mosteller said Anthony was judged based on "  tattoos and an ankle bracelet " from a "  juvenile agency . " Bell said the detention was because Anthony got into "  an altercation to protect his younger brother . " Anthony had no health problems before this summer , Bell said ; the heart problem is not congenital . But he started to have trouble sleeping and then complained about his chest hurting . His mother took him to the hospital because of the chest pains . Bell said the family did n't press the doctor on what led to overturning the decision regarding the transplant list . Personally , Bell attributes it to "  the handiwork of God and the media pressure . " The hospital did not comment on what led to doctors ' change of heart . The complexity of transplants Federal records show that 3,400 people were on waiting lists for heart transplants in 2012 , but only 2,000 of these procedures were performed . While waiting for a heart transplant , 331 people died . Dr. David Weill , medical director of Stanford University 's Lung and Heart-Lung Transplant Program , said it 's not unusual for patients to be rejected from organ transplant lists because of noncompliance -- in other words , if they are seen as people who wo n't follow instructions about taking medications and seeing doctors . At Stanford , Weill 's group evaluates about 300 patients per year for lung transplants and turns down about 1 % to 2 % because of noncompliance . It 's about the same for heart transplants , as well , he said . As part of the evaluation process , organ transplant patients undergo a complete psychosocial evaluation so doctors can get a sense of whether they and their families will follow through with a complicated medical regimen , Weill said . "  A few times a year , we run into people who ca n't , " he said . A patient would not be turned down solely for having served prison time or having bad grades , Weill said , but "  we would want to look at the entire picture . " Some patients have been denied because they do n't have anyone in their lives who can take care of them and accompany them to appointments . After a heart transplant , patients are too sick to do these things alone , Weill said . "  When we fear that someone 's not going to do well , it 's because the patient could n't comply with the regimen or they do n't have any support in their life , " he said . Psychosocial factors do n't change a person 's priority on the waiting list , but they could lead a person to be denied a spot on that list , he said . Arthur Caplan , head of the division of medical ethics at NYU Langone Medical Center , noted that patients have to adhere to a lifelong regimen after receiving an organ transplant -- showing up at medical appointments , taking medications , monitoring changes in health -- and teenagers in general do n't have a good track record of following orders . Teenagers are n't automatically ruled out for heart transplants , but "  the consequence that ` you are going to die if you do n't take these medicines ' is far from the mind of a 17-year-old , " said Davies , the cardiothoracic surgeon . Caplan said Anthony should be counseled and worked with intensively so he understands what 's expected post-transplant .	Anthony Stokes had heart transplant on Tuesday night , family spokesman says The 15-year-old in Georgia was initially told he could n't be on heart transplant list Original hospital letter to family said teen denied because of "  history of noncompliance " Last week Anthony had a heart device implanted , family spokesman said
Twenty years ago , a team of researchers shared the Web with the world . Now they want to show a generation that grew up online what it was like in its earliest days . The European Organization for Nuclear Research , known as CERN , is celebrating the 20th anniversary of the date it released , for free , the technology and software needed to run a Web server . In honor of the anniversary , a team has been assembled to recreate a working version of the first website , a how-to guide hosted by the project 's creators . The organization issued a statement on April 30 , 1993 , that announced the release of that Web to the public . British physicist Tim Berners-Lee created and named the Web  also commonly called "  W3 " for short in those days  in 1989 at CERN . Originally , it was designed as a way for scientists at different universities and other institutes to share information . "  Vague , but exciting , " Berners-Lee 's supervisor wrote on the cover of a proposal while greenlighting the project . See a 1993 copy of the first website By 1993 , there were roughly 400 known Web servers . But the World Wide Web accounted for only about 1 % of Internet traffic . The rest was remote access to computer networks , e-mail and file transfers from one computer to another . Since then it has , obviously , become a constant presence in the lives of people around the world . Today , there are somewhere around 630 million websites . "  There is no sector of society that has not been transformed by the invention , in a physics laboratory , of the Web , " said Rolf Heuer , CERN 's director-general . "  From research to business and education , the Web has been reshaping the way we communicate , work , innovate and live . The Web is a powerful example of the way that basic research benefits humankind . " The first website was , not surprisingly , devoted to the Web project itself , describing how to use it and set up a Web server . It was hosted on Berner-Lee 's NeXt computer -- the product developed at a company founded by Steve Jobs before he returned to Apple . That computer is still at CERN 's headquarters in Geneva , Switzerland . But it no longer hosts that first website . CERN 's team aims to change that , restoring the earliest versions of files that were on the site as well as making it a home for stories about those formative days . They 'll be combing CERN 's servers for data preserved from that time .	An effort is under way by the group that created the Web to rebuild its first site CERN researchers created the World Wide Web in 1989 It was released free to the public on April 30 , 1993 Researchers say they want a new generation to see what the Web was like then
CNN  -- German Chancellor Angela Merkel signed a coalition deal with the center-left German Social Democratic Party  SPD  on Wednesday , paving the way for a "  grand coalition " of right and left . The SPD membership must still give final approval to the coalition agreement . They are expected to vote between December 6 and 12 . The deal , agreed to early Wednesday , came more than two months after Germans voted in parliamentary elections and followed lengthy negotiations between Merkel 's conservative bloc , her Christian Democratic Union party and the allied Christian Social Union , and its main opposition , the SPD . Speaking at a joint news conference with the leaders of the SPD and CSU , Merkel said the three main points of the deal concerned solid finances , safeguarding wealth , and social security . On the issue of solid finances , Merkel said Germany wants to see an end to debt and added that its strength relies on Europe also being strong . As for wealth , Merkel said it is important that the treaty includes no tax increases , which would help small businesses and give their workers job security . She promised investment in education and infrastructure projects , and spoke of the need to ensure Germany 's future energy supply without nuclear power . Germans get minimum wage , pension boost Despite their differences , the parties managed to reach a compromise on social security that balances flexibility and security , Merkel said . "  We went into the talks with very different ideas , and that is why it took a little while , " she said . "  We have a good chance to say in 2017 that people will be better off than today . " Under the coalition treaty , a new nationwide minimum wage of 8.50 euros  $ 11.50  an hour will come into force starting January 2015 . The 185-page treaty also includes a provision to lower the retirement age for some Germans . From July 2014 , workers who have paid social security contributions for 45 years will be able to retire on a full pension at 63 , two years earlier than is currently the case . If the deal is approved , as is widely expected , Merkel will be in line for a third term in office . ` Good for the country ' Hermann Groehe , general secretary of Merkel 's center-right Christian Democratic Union party , said in a statement on the party 's website : "  The work is done . The coalition agreement between the CDU , CSU and SPD bears a strong conservative imprint . "  We have achieved a result that will be good for the country . Solid finances and the stability of the euro are at the heart of the agreement . " Leaving the late-night talks , SPD lawmaker Martin Schulz told CNN 's German affiliate RTL he believes the treaty is "  an excellent result " for his party . Pepe Egger , senior analyst for IHS Country Risk , said the coalition deal does not contain any major surprises but represents a compromise between current policy and the campaign pledges of the SPD . The inclusion of a minimum wage increases the likelihood that SPD members will back the deal in their postal vote next month , he said . "  Although the text of the deal vows to retain budgetary discipline and refrain from raising taxes , realization of what has been pledged is only likely to be possible in a markedly growing economy , or else it will push the budget balance back into deficit , " Egger said . This means slow growth or a downturn may force the renegotiation of parts of the agreement , he said . The treaty "  does not depart markedly " from current German government policy on European and eurozone issues , he added . Merkel emerged from the September elections with the CDU 's biggest vote in 20 years . But the CDU and CSU did not win an outright victory , requiring them to form a coalition government . The pro-business Free Democrats , Merkel 's previous coalition partner , failed to pass the 5 % threshold for getting into parliament , making a grand coalition with the SPD , the CDU 's chief election rival , the most likely scenario . Merkel 's expected third term would give the country consistent leadership at a time when the future of the euro has come under question amid the economic problems of some euro zone members . While Germany has emerged from the crisis with its economy relatively intact , nations such as Greece have entered deep recessions while unemployment has soared . CNN 's Anna Maja Rappard and Mark Thompson contributed to this report .	German chancellor 's deal paves the way for a coalition of parties from the right and left CDU general secretary : "  We have achieved a result that will be good for the country " The coalition deal must still be put to SPD members for final approval Merkel 's CDU party got the most votes in September 's poll but not an outright victory
CNN  A man suspected in last year 's killing of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham has been charged with first-degree murder in the case , a prosecutor told reporters Tuesday . The murder charge against Jesse Matthew Jr. comes in addition to a count of abduction with intent to defile filed against him previously , Albemarle County Commonwealth 's Attorney Denise Lunsford said . "  These indictments signal the beginning of the next phase in what has been an incredibly difficult process for the family of Hannah Graham , for our community and for the men and women of the many departments and agencies who have worked on this matter since September of last year , " Lunsford said . Lunsford 's team decided not to charge Matthew with capital murder , which could have led to a death sentence if he were convicted . Lunsford said she would n't give details on what led to that decision , except to say that a "  great deal of serious thought " went into it . Those considerations included "  the impact on the community , the Grahams , and the need to provide Mr. Matthew with a fair trial . " "  I have discussed this matter with the Grahams on many occasions , and they are aware of the indictments , " Lunsford said . Matthew also was charged with reckless driving in two incidents about a week after Graham 's disappearance , Lunsford said . Matthew 's first court appearance on the indictments is scheduled for February 18 . His attorney , Jim Camblos , declined to comment Tuesday , except to acknowledge the February 18 court appearance and to say that he received news of the indictments late Monday afternoon . Graham , 18 , went missing before dawn on September 13 after she was last spotted on surveillance video in Charlottesville 's Downtown Mall area . In October , authorities found what turned out to be Graham 's skull and bones on abandoned property 8 miles from where the college sophomore was last seen . Surveillance video and other accounts led authorities to identify Matthew as a suspect in her disappearance . Matthew , 33 , was taken into custody on September 24 on a beach in Galveston County , Texas , about 1,300 miles away from where Graham was last seen . Matthew 's arrest in the Graham case prompted authorities to investigate his possible links to a string of unsolved killings and disappearances in the area . One of those cases involved 17-year-old Alexis Murphy of Lovingston , Virginia , who disappeared in 2013 and whose body has not been found . But on Friday , authorities said they had found no link between him and Murphy 's slaying . Matthew is also charged in the sexual assault of a woman in Fairfax , Virginia , in 2005 ; the trial in that case is scheduled for March . Authorities said that in September 2005 , a 26-year-old woman returning from a grocery store was grabbed from behind and sexually assaulted . The attacker was scared off by a passerby . Information from the 2005 victim led police to link Matthew to the case of another missing young woman , Morgan Harrington , a Virginia Tech student who vanished in Charlottesville in October 2009 and was found dead a few months later . Matthew has not been charged in that case . Investigators are looking into his possible connection to other similar cases in the area . They include the August 2009 killing of Virginia Tech students Heidi Childs and David Metzler and the October 2009 killing of 23-year-old Cassandra Morton of Lynchburg , Virginia . Police are also investigating Matthew 's possible ties to the disappearance of 19-year-old Samantha Ann Clarke of Orange , Virginia . CNN 's Jean Casarez and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Jesse Matthew Jr. is charged with first-degree murder , a prosecutor says University of Virginia student Hannah Graham went missing in September
CNN  -- A small tribe of Indians in Paraguay who have had virtually no contact with the outside world won a legal battle this week when rights groups stopped a Brazilian company from continuing to bulldoze the forest to clear land for cattle ranches . About 2,000 members of the Ayoreo ethnic group live in 13 settlements in Bolivia and Paraguay . The Totobiegosode tribe , said to number no more than 300 , is the last group of uncontacted Indians in South America outside the Amazon River basin , indigenous rights groups say . The Totobiegosode , who are part of the larger Ayoreo ethnic group , are nomadic Indians who hunt and fish , as well as gather fruit and honey and cultivate small temporary plots during the rainy season . They live communally , four to six families to a dwelling , in the dense forests of northwestern Paraguay . Two Brazilian companies have been rapidly clearing land the Totobiegosode live on , and the tribe has lost nearly 15,000 acres  about 6,000 hectares  this year , according to British-based Survival International , an advocacy organization for the rights of tribal people . A ruling Thursday by Paraguay 's secretary of the environment canceled a special permit for one of the companies , Yaguarete Pora S.A. , to clear the land . The legal battle is being waged by local groups such as GAT , an acronym in Spanish for People , Environment and Territory . The activist groups have undertaken the fight without the knowledge of the Totobiegosode . Indian rights proponents see Thursday 's ruling as an important victory . "  This sends a very significant signal , " said Jonathan Mazower , campaign coordinator for Survival International . "  Until now , the ranchers and the landowners have really had it all their own way . They are very politically powerful and well-funded . ... This may be a sign that the government is starting to get a grip on the situation . " As their territory has been gobbled up , some Totobiegosode have been spotted by other Indians retreating deeper into the vanishing jungle : a group of eight or nine men on one occasion , a smaller group several days earlier , Survival International reported in a release Friday . The problems for the larger Ayoreo ethnic group , who share a common language and culture and can be found in Bolivia and Paraguay , started about 50 years ago . Between 1959 and 1987 , most Ayoreos were forced off their ancestral land , according to the World Rainforest Movement , which describes itself as international network of citizens ' groups involved in efforts to defend the world 's rainforests . About 2,000 Ayoreos live in 13 settlements : 10 in Bolivia and three in Paraguay , the rainforest group says . Only the Totobiegosode tribe still lives in the forest , without contact with other Ayoreos or foreigners , in an area known as Amotocodie . Although no one has any direct contact with the Totobiegosode still in the jungle , their presence can be seen by such signs as footprints and holes in trees that indicate they have been gathering honey , the rainforest group says . There also have been occasional sightings in the distance . Mazower said he interviewed a small group of Totobiegosode who made contact with the outside world in 2004 and who described what their life is like . "  We were always running , " Mazower said one Indian told him . "  We would suddenly hear these bulldozers . We thought that it was a kind of monster that could smell us . We could see fire . We were very afraid , and we ran . " The bulldozers , Mazower said , are much larger than the commercial bulldozers seen at construction sites . Often , crews will string a chain between two bulldozers , which will move in tandem to cut down an increased number of trees . As a result , many groups of Totobiegosode are fragmented into isolated patches as they scatter , divided by areas with no forest and increasingly busy roads . Families can be separated , and their lives become increasingly difficult , Mazower said . By Survival International 's reckoning , the forest where the Totobiegosode live is being destroyed at a faster rate than the Amazon jungle as a whole . Despite Thursday 's ruling , some observers say the future of tribes still living in the jungle in Paraguay and elsewhere , particularly Brazil , does not bode well . "  It 's almost impossible in some sense to protect these tribes , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue , a Washington-based policy center . The reason , he said , is the same as it has been since the Western world started being colonized more than 500 years ago : "  There 's a lot of money to be made . "	Totobiegosode tribe is among last uncontacted Indians in South America Ruling revokes permit for Brazilian company to clear forest Activists undertook legal fight without Totobiegosodes ' knowledge Tribe has lost nearly 15,000 acres of land this year
CNN  -- In 1974 , when Edward Kennedy Jr. , developed an aggressive form of bone cancer that at the time few survived , his father , the late senator , wasted no time snapping into action . Summoning a group of cancer specialists to his Virginia home , the senator and the doctors debated well into the night how best to treat the 12-year-old boy , according to Adam Clymer , author of "  Edward M. Kennedy : A Biography . " Sen. Ted and Victoria Kennedy in 1997 with his children Ted Jr. and Kara , both cancer survivors . The team ultimately chose an aggressive -- and risky -- course of chemotherapy . Thirty-six years later , Teddy Jr. is alive and cancer-free . When the senator 's daughter , Kara Kennedy , was told she had lung cancer in 2002 , her father deployed a similar strategy , Clymer says . Doctors said Kara 's tumor was inoperable and the 42-year-old mother of two young children might have less than a year to live . But Sen. Edward Kennedy refused to accept that prognosis , and instead consulted with other experts and found a surgeon willing to operate . Seven years later , Kara Kennedy is also alive and cancer-free . If you 're thinking only Kennedy clout and Kennedy money can get that kind of care , think again . While you may not be able to summon medical experts from around the country to your kitchen table with the snap of your fingers , experts in patient empowerment say more and more people are carving out their own Kennedy-style health care . "  The power that Senator Kennedy had has now trickled down to all of us , who can virtually gather people in our living room , " says Susannah Fox , associate director of the Pew Internet Project and co-author of a report on Internet use and health information . According to the Pew report , released in June , 61 percent of American adults look online for health information . Twenty-four percent have consulted rankings or reviews of doctors online , and 19 percent have signed up to receive updates about health or medical issues . Many consumers are going even further , finding top experts online and boldly engaging them directly via e-mail or through social networking sites such as Facebook or Twitter . "  You can get quite far using your own keyboard to gather expert opinions . I 've heard many times over the years that doctors and surgeons are surprisingly accessible , " Fox says . "  You can gather the greatest minds in science . It 's really powerful . " Dr. Mitchel Berger , chairman of the department of neurological surgery at the University of California , San Francisco , says he regularly receives e-mails from patients he 's never heard of -- and he returns them . "  I think patients are very smart these days , " says the neurosurgeon , who flew in for a meeting of experts Kennedy convened last year in Boston to discuss options for treating his brain cancer . Dr. Raymond Sawaya , chairman of the Department of Neurosurgery at the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center and Baylor College of Medicine in Houston , Texas , says he also returns e-mails from patients he does n't know . "  Smart people write to the top four or five major centers in the country , " he says . From stay-at-home mom to lung cancer expert Through her own ingenuity , hard work , and determination , Karen Parles received Kennedy-quality care without his power or money . When Parles ' lung cancer was diagnosed in 1998 , the 38-year-old stay-at-home mother was told it was inoperable . "  They gave us no hope , " her husband , Dr. James Parles remembers . "  They told her if untreated , her illness was generally fatal in six to 12 months . " Even with treatment , the doctors said she would n't live much longer than a year . Like the late senator , Karen Parles would n't accept a diagnosis of no hope . She reached out to the wife of a college friend who is a pulmonologist at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston , who in turn referred Parles to Dr. John Wain , a surgeon there . Dr. Wain removed her lung and chest wall lining . After several years the cancer recurred , this time to her liver and a rib . She had successful chemotherapy , but the cancer returned to her liver . To avoid the side effects of ongoing chemotherapy , Parles , a librarian by profession , then immersed herself in cancer research . "  She read a paper about this new procedure called radiofrequency ablation , and she wrote to the doctor who did the study , and asked him for the best place to go in the Northeast , " says James Parles , a pediatrician in Smithtown , New York . The doctor returned her cold-call e-mail , and suggested she go Rhode Island Hospital , where Dr. Damian Dupuy performed the ablation procedure . Parles continued to suffer multiple recurrences of her cancer . After undergoing various therapies , she consulted with Dr. Corey Langer , then at the Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia , whom she had met at a medical conference . He suggested an infusion of radioactive microspheres into her liver , another procedure she 'd never heard of , to treat the liver tumors without chemotherapy . Parles received the infusion , but had to appeal to her insurance company to get it paid for , her husband says . She passed away in February 2009 . "  She got 11 extra years of life because of her determination to get the best the medical establishment had to offer , " her husband says , noting that most of those years were enjoyed in good health . "  Our kids were 8 and 7 years old when she was diagnosed with lung cancer . They were 20 and 18 when she died . She got to watch them grow up to be young adults because of her own tenacity . " How to get Kennedy-style health care The first step to getting health care like a Kennedy is to go online and learn as much as you can about your disease , says Dave deBronkart , co-chairman of the Society for Participatory Medicine . "  It used to be that in order to get medical information , you had to be a member of what people call ` the priesthood , ' " he says . "  It was a very private and closed group that got its information through medical schools and medical societies . Now all that 's changed because of the Internet . " Step two , he says , is to communicate electronically with people who have your disease . That 's what deBronkart did in 2007 when he was found to have kidney cancer that had spread to his brain , tongue , arms , and legs . "  Initially , doctors told me the median survival time was 24 weeks , " he says . Like Kennedy , deBronkart could n't accept such a dismal prognosis . "  I joined the Association of Cancer Online Resources , and within 15 minutes of posting a question about where the best doctors were , I had an answer , " deBronkart says . He says the third step is to contact experts in the field , as Kennedy and Parles did when they were stricken with cancer . "  Kennedy was a good role model in that he aggressively pursued finding out all the options that were available , " deBronkart says . "  You could say he scoured the earth . " CNN 's David Martin contributed to this report .	Kennedy 's son was given experimental treatment for bone cancer when he was 12 When daughter Kara developed lung cancer , Kennedy found a doctor who 'd operate Empowered patients can get Kennedy quality care without riches or connections Doctor 's advice : Do research on the Internet , contact experts and other patients
On the Sunday after the Newtown massacre , President Barack Obama traveled to Connecticut to comfort the grieving community . As the president offered what he could to the town , other American communities , in less visible ways , were grappling with their own menace of violence . In Camden , New Jersey -- a city that has already suffered 65 violent deaths in 2012 , surpassing the previous record of 58 violent deaths set in 1995 -- 50 people turned out , some bearing white crosses , to mourn a homeless woman known affectionately as the "  cat lady " who was stabbed to death  50 of the deaths so far this year resulted from gunshot wounds . In Philadelphia , on the same Sunday , city leaders came together at a roundtable to discuss their own epidemic of gun violence ; the year-to-date total of homicides is 322 . Last year , 324 were killed . Of those victims , 154 were 25 or younger . A councilman at the roundtable asked , "  How come as a city we 're not in an outrage ? How come we 're not approaching this from a crisis standpoint ? " The concerns go beyond Philadelphia . In the week following the Newtown massacre , there were at least a dozen gun homicides in Chicago , Detroit , Baltimore and St. Louis alone . In a year of highly publicized mass shootings , inner-city neighborhoods that are plagued by gun violence have continued to be neglected and ignored . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , large metropolitan areas account for more than two-thirds of deaths by gun violence each year , with inner cities most affected . The majority of the victims are young , ranging in age from their early teens to mid-20s , and black . To track these violent deaths , many communities and media organizations have set up agonizing online trackers -- homicide watches or interactive maps -- that show each subsequent victim as just another data point . These maps are representative of a set of issues far larger than the nameless dots suggest . In the immediate aftermath of Newtown , as politicians and public figures across America grapple with the horrible truths of gun violence , far less visible from the national spotlight is the steady stream of inner-city victims . The media is fixated , and with justification , on the string of high-profile massacres that have rocked the nation in Aurora , Colorado ; Tucson , Arizona ; Virginia Tech ; and now in Newtown . Yet in many of America 's neighborhoods most affected by the calamity of gun violence , there is a warranted exasperation -- residents are tired , tired of the ubiquity of guns , tired of fearing for their children 's safety , tired of being forgotten . Critiquing a narrow media focus does n't deny the horrible , tragic nature of the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School ; mass shootings , however , make up only a small fraction of America 's shockingly high level of gun crime . In his study "  American Homicide , " Randolph Roth showed that while the overall risk of being murdered is higher in America than it is in any other first-world democracy , homicide rates vary drastically among groups . According to Roth , if current trends are maintained , one out of every 158 white males born today will be murdered , but for nonwhite males it is likely one of every 27 born today will be murdered . The stark difference in these racial trends can be traced to the high levels of racial segregation in America 's cities , which have created a spatial barrier between poor inner-city youths of color and more mainstream America -- a barrier that is often responsible for the lack of media and political attention paid to inner-city problems . Many experts claim that actually it is the spectacular nature of mass shootings that naturally magnifies media coverage and explains the resonance of these tragedies to the broader public . Inner-city violence on its own , however , does not suffer from a lack of awful , spectacular violence and calamity . In fact , the gruesome nature of violence in inner cities has contributed to widespread social desensitization to gun violence . How then do we explain the differing public responses ? An indicator of the difference of attention levels lies in the tone of the public rhetoric in the wake of mass shootings : "  This was supposed to be a safe community , " and "  This kind of thing was n't supposed to happen here . " These statements imply that in America 's leafy-green small towns and suburbs , gun violence is a shocking travesty ; it strikes against America 's perception of what is acceptable . In contrast , gun violence in the American metropolis has been normalized , and the public and media display a passive indifference toward the lives of inner-city youths . This normalization of inner-city violence is due in part , to the isolation and segregation of America 's ghettos from wider America , but it is also due to a sense that the victims of inner-city violence are responsible for their own condition . As Robert Sampson , a professor at Harvard University , has highlighted , the gun violence in American cities is born out of neighborhood characteristics such as poverty , racial segregation and lack of economic opportunity . This shortened explanation for the high levels of inner-city violence has often been mistaken to imply that it is the direct choice of inner-city residents to remain either in poverty or in their segregated community that leads to their victimization . In reality , the victims of inner-city gun violence are the victims of a dual tragedy . The first is that the poverty and segregation , which play a crucial role in spurring the downward cycle of crime , are the result of social arrangements predicated on longstanding oppression and prejudice . Through a complex mix of violence , institutional arrangements and exploitation , black Americans were pressured into ghettos , which are the hotbeds of contemporary gun violence . Their inability to escape their conditions is not a choice but rather the byproduct of continued structural discrimination . Slowing the tide of inner-city deaths through gun control is therefore a modern-day civil rights issue . If the refusal of America 's national politicians to move on gun control before Newtown represents a political failure and a paucity of American will , then the disregard for the lives of inner-city youths stricken by gun violence on a daily basis is an illustration of the limits of American compassion . The slaughter of young children en masse should be a moment of reckoning for any society , but there is a day-by-day , child-by-child slaughter occurring in America that has gone on too long and is yet to be reckoned with . If Newtown should teach us anything , it is that all of us in America share this same short moment of life , and that we all seek to ensure safety , security and prosperity for our children . As Vice President Joe Biden and the presidential task force meet to negotiate about what new gun laws to recommend , they must look to Sandy Hook Elementary and beyond . We need to protect the children of Newtown from the threat of future gun violence , but the children of Chicago and Camden and Detroit deserve the same long-term security . We may not be able to ensure absolute security for America 's children , but through smarter policy America can surely save more of its children from gun violence . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter .	While America was mourning Newtown victims , guns were claiming lives elsewhere in U.S. Authors : Media focus on mass shootings , but continuing violence also needs coverage They say inner cities suffer an epidemic of gun killings , and young are particularly vulnerable Authors : There is a day-by-day slaughter of children that must be stopped
CNN  -- Worsening violence amid anti-government protests in Egypt has led western governments to step up their travel advice . Yesterday , at least 23 people were killed , and hundreds injured , in clashes between supporters and opponents of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy at Cairo University . Since then , the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office is recommending "  against all but essential travel to Egypt " except certain coastal resorts , where unrest is less evident . Previously , the FCO advised travelers only to steer clear of "  all demonstrations and large gatherings " within the country . The U.S. State Department continues to advise against all "  non-essential " travel to or within Egypt . Tourism minister quits Egypt 's tourism industry suffered another blow Monday with the resignation of the country 's tourism minister , Hisham Zazour . Zazour handed in his resignation along with five other ministers , including the foreign minister , over the violence sweeping the country . The present crisis was the last straw for a man with one of the toughest jobs in tourism . He had threatened to quit last month over the appointment as Luxor governor of a member of a political group associated with a massacre in the city 15 years ago that killed 58 tourists . Tourism vital The pyramids of Giza , the Nile and the coastal resorts of Sharm-el-Sheikh are among the world 's most popular tourist attractions . The industry is vital to Egypt 's economy . Tourism employs around 10 % of the Egyptian workforce and brought in $ 10 billion in 2012 , according to UNWTO figures . However , anti-government protests beginning in 2011 , part of the revolutionary movement sweeping the Middle East , have hit tourism hard . Visitor numbers have fallen by almost one-third , from 14 million in 2010 to 10.5 million last year . Will travelers still go ? Should travelers still visit Egypt ? There have been bargains aplenty as travel operators have tried to woo back tourists to what has long been one of the world 's most popular sun-sea-and-sights destinations . Yet official travel advice is hardening -- while stopping short in all cases of advising against all travel or assisting foreigners to leave Egypt . In addition to deaths at public demonstrations , the British government notes reports of "  more than forty rapes and sexual assaults of Egyptian and foreign women . " Coastal resorts "  safe " Yet the Foreign and Commonwealth Office exempts "  resorts on the Red Sea in South Sinai " and certain mainland resorts from its advice against travel . It continue to state that "  most visits " to Egypt are trouble-free . It is true that , as protests have surged and dwindled over the past two years , violence has largely been confined to Cairo and other cities , rather than the coastal resorts popular with package holiday tourists . "  July and August traditionally see lower numbers of holidaymakers traveling to Egypt than the rest of the year , " the Association of British Travel Agents told CNN Travel Tuesday . "  At this stage , outside of Cairo it is very much business as usual , and holiday makers are enjoying their holidays without interruption . " U.S. citizen dies In stronger advice than Britain 's , the U.S. government recommends against all "  non-essential " travel to Egypt . A U.S. citizen , Andrew Pochter , 21 , died after being stabbed in the chest at a protest in the city of Alexandria last Friday . Political unrest in Egypt is "  likely to continue in the near future , " the State Department says . Whatever the political outlook for the country , its vital tourism industry is likely to take years to recover from its violent recent history .	Advisories strengthened after more protest deaths Tourism minister quits Monday Visitor numbers have fallen by one-third since 2011 Resorts "  safe " , says Britain ; do n't go , says US
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- A Sudanese government delegation plans to leave peace talks with rebels from the country 's western Darfur region Friday , the country 's official news agency reported . The presidential advisor in charge of the talks for the government , however , said the departure does not mean the government is withdrawing from the talks , which have been taking place in Doha , Qatar . "  This does not mean that we are not willing to look over the final draft of the peace deal produced by these negotiators over the coming hours or days , " the Sudan News Agency quoted the advisor , Ghazi Salaheldin , as saying . "  That can happen without the presence of the government delegation in Doha . " If a draft document emerges from the talks , "  it will be the foundation for a conference in Darfur . We do not want peace to be blocked , " Salaheldin said , according to the Sudan News Agency . The Sudanese president , Omar al-Bashir , said this week that his negotiators would leave if an agreement was not reached by Thursday . Al-Bashir , who is wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in the western Darfur region , said he would not deal with rebels bearing arms after the talks ended in Doha . "  These  rebel  movements are enjoying the negotiation process and their residency in foreign hotels while the people of Darfur are suffering the flames of war , " al-Bashir said . "  We will not negotiate with anyone who carries a gun and claims to lead an armed group that represents the will of the people . " The anti-government Justice and Equality Movement , a rebel movement in Darfur , called al-Bashir 's statement a declaration of war . "  What the president said yesterday has blocked the way ahead on the road to a political solution , " said a statement from Ahmed Hussein Adam , a spokesman for the group . "  It is a declaration of war and a limiting of any future chance for peace . " Fighting erupted in Darfur in 2003 between rebel groups and al-Bashir 's Arab-dominated government in Khartoum . More than 300,000 people have been killed in this desolate region , where hopes for peace have gone up and down over the last few months . Negotiators had previously set a December 31 deadline for agreement in the peace talks , which have so far not made much progress . The deadline was ahead of a key referendum on independence for Southern Sudan that begins January 9 . North and South , dominated by non-Arab Christians and animists , have fought one of Africa 's longest-running civil wars . The Darfur conflict is separate from the North-South divide , but independence for the South could help embolden rebels in Darfur .	The Sudanese government is leaving peace talks with rebels from Darfur The president has been indicted for war crimes there Roughly 300,000 have been killed in Darfur since 2003
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Bush administration told the CIA in 2002 that its interrogators working abroad would not violate U.S. prohibitions against torture unless they "  have the specific intent to inflict severe pain or suffering , " according to a previously secret Justice Department memo released Thursday . Former U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft testifies before Congress July 17 about waterboarding . The interrogator 's "  good faith " and "  honest belief " that the interrogation will not cause such suffering protects the interrogator , the memo adds . "  Because specific intent is an element of the offense , the absence of specific intent negates the charge of torture , " Jay Bybee , then the assistant attorney general , wrote in the memo . The 18-page memo is heavily redacted , with 10 of its 18 pages completely blacked out and only a few paragraphs legible on the others . Another memo released Thursday advises that "  the waterboard , " or simulated drowning , does "  not violate the Torture Statute . " It also cites a number of warnings against torture , including statements by President Bush and a then-new Supreme Court ruling "  which raises possible concerns about future U.S. judicial review of the -LSB- interrogation -RSB- Program . " A third memo instructs interrogators to keep records of sessions in which "  enhanced interrogation techniques " are used . The memo is signed by then-CIA director George Tenet and dated January 28 , 2003 . The memos were made public by the American Civil Liberties Union , which obtained the three CIA-related documents under Freedom of Information Act requests . "  These documents supply further evidence , if any were needed , that the Justice Department authorized the CIA to torture prisoners in its custody , " said Jameel Jaffer , director of the ACLU National Security Project . The Bush administration has consistently denied that the United States tortures detainees . Reports say the CIA waterboarded three "  high-value detainees , " including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , although former Justice Department official Daniel Levin suggested in congressional testimony in June that there had been more than three instances of the practice , which critics call torture . The third document released Thursday was blacked out except for a line saying "  Unless otherwise approved by Headquarters , CIA officers  redacted  may use only Permissible Interrogation Techniques . Permissible Interrogation Techniques consist of both  a  Standard Techniques and  b  Enhanced Techniques , " plus the instruction for interrogators to keep records of sessions in which enhanced interrogation techniques are used .	Previously secret Justice Department memo released Thursday 18-page memo heavily redacted ; 10 of 18 pages blacked out Only a few paragraphs legible on the other pages DOJ authorized the CIA to torture prisoners , says ACLU official
CNN  -- Austrian officials are seeking to secure the release of two Austrian nationals who were kidnapped by an al Qaeda group while vacationing in North Africa ahead of a midnight Sunday deadline . Reinhard and Christine Lenz , right , the parents of kidnapped Austrian Andrea Kloiber . "  There are efforts in all areas , unrelenting efforts to secure the earliest possible release of our citizens , " Austrian Foreign Ministry spokesman Peter Launsky-Tieffenthal told CNN . The team of high-ranking government officials met Sunday morning and planned to work throughout the day , he said . Wolfgang Ebner , 51 , and Andrea Kloiber , 44 , were last heard from on February 18 while on a vacation in southern Tunisia , foreign ministry spokesman Martin Gaertner said . Earlier this month , the Austrian government received an audio message via the Internet from al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb claiming to have kidnapped the pair . The kidnappers ' primary demand is the release of five prisoners in Algeria and Tunisia , Launsky-Tieffenthal said . While the kidnappers have set a midnight deadline , there are preliminary indications that it may be extended , he said . The government is in contact with authorities in Tunisia , Algeria , and Mali in an effort to find the missing duo , who are from the Austrian town of Hallein . A few weeks ago , the kidnappers released a set of written demands and six photographs that include images of the Austrians . Among the images was one that appeared to show the pair flanked by men holding assault rifles and a rocket launcher . Another appeared to show more than 15 group members -- several of them armed . Kloiber 's face is obscured in all of the photographs in which she appears . E-mail to a friend	Officials battling a midnight deadline to secure release of kidnapped Austrians Wolfgang Ebner , 51 , and Andrea Kloiber , 44 , captured on holiday in Tunisia Al Qaeda contacted Austrian government to seek release of five prisoners
CNN  -- Greg Waldorf never imagined he would be running an Internet dating service . As a young boy it was technology that fascinated him . So much so that Waldorf started a software consulting company before he even began high school . He clearly had drive and a head for business , but matchmaking ? It is not as far off as it may sound . eHarmony uses advanced technology to create personality profiles to match prospective couples , and it was that element that convinced Waldorf to become an early investor . "  My background is in technology and I came to eHarmony loving the research and scientific part of it , but once you start realizing what we are doing for our subscribers and you start seeing all the successes , the families that have been created ... I really do n't think there is another job I can imagine doing other than being CEO of eHarmony . " eHarmony says its goal is not just to find users dates -- It wants them to get married . In fact , the company claims that 236 people a day in the U.S. are married as a result of meeting through their site . Their success has not come without controversy . The company was sued in California for excluding gays . Others have complained they have been turned down without explanation . When I asked Waldorf about this , he said that in the future the company may look into providing different services , including same-sex , but that at the moment their research was designed specifically for heterosexual couples looking for marriage . I also asked about religion . eHarmony 's founder , Neil Clark Warren , was an evangelical Christian with strong ties to the conservative Christian movement in the United States . Waldorf said the company had no connection to any religion and was open to people of all faiths who were looking for a happy long-term relationship . One of the perils of being CEO of a matchmaking service is that people tend to think you are an expert on the subject . He joked about people asking him to comment on celebrity couples during interviews and getting tapped for dating advice at dinner parties . But all kidding aside , Waldorf is acutely aware of how sensitive the business can be . "  This is a service that people come to with incredible expectations , that presents a challenge for us , because they want to meet their soul mate . " Though he is passionate about eHarmony 's ability to help people find love , Waldorf met his wife the old-fashioned way -- through friends !	Waldorf started a software consulting company before he began high school eHarmony was sued in California for excluding gays Founder was evangelical Christian tied to conservative Christian movement
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Every year , I take at least one vacation out of the country to get my international travel fix . And this time , I 'm taking you with me . The travel bug is a forever-itch that leaves you longing to wake up in a foreign country , Jarrett Bellini says . No , not literally . Sit down . This year , YOU can weigh in on where I go and what I do once I get there . We 're calling it : Let 's Ruin Jarrett 's Vacation ! By adding your comments below or sharing your ideas on CNN.com Live 's Facebook page , you can send me to either Argentina , Greece , South Africa or Turkey . The destination that gets the most positive response is where I 'll go . And to make it more fun , I wo n't even find out where I 'm heading until I actually get to the airport this Sunday , August 30 . There , I will tear open an envelope , read the results for the first time , and then head to my departure gate -- hopefully with at least a few articles of appropriate clothing . Once I get to wherever it is you send me , I 'll be blogging on CNN.com and and checking in from time to time on CNN.com Live . By sharing your ideas on Facebook , you 'll be able to guide many aspects of this vacation . You call the shots . And I 'll cry myself to sleep at night wondering why I agreed to work on vacation and let other people plan it . I suppose , now , you might want a little background on why I 'd actually want to do this . I mean , besides the fact that clearly , I 'm a glutton for punishment . Really , though , I think I just like a challenge . In the fall of 2003 , after an entire month of fruitlessly waiting by my phone to hear back about an entry-level position with CNN , I finally gave up hope and took my apparent job snub as some sort of cosmic sign from the Slacker Gods . I decided , then , that the only reasonable course of action was to buy a plane ticket to Europe to spend the next three months running around with my backpack , trying -- again , quite fruitlessly -- to meet foreign chicks . Though not quite a rucksack Casanova , I did come back from these magical three months with a far greater ability to entertain myself in a completely new place among absolute strangers .  Granted , for me , this can be accomplished by the presence of shiny objects . Amazingly , the day after I returned from Europe , CNN called and offered me the position . It took four long months , but the timing was remarkable and I could n't have been happier . But , as I started my new professional life , I was sick . I had the travel bug . Now , this is not to be confused with bed bugs , which , FYI , I painfully fell victim to in Copenhagen at a horrible , bomb-shelter-of-a-hostel they call Sleep in Heaven . Apparently , Heaven smells like mildew and leaves you with a rash . No , this was the travel bug -- the forever-itch that leaves you longing to wake up in a foreign bed in a foreign country , rising to face new ideas and new people beneath an unfamiliar sky . Of course , that 's just my poorly poetic way of saying : The world is huge and amazing . It 's so good ! Once it hits your lips , it 's so good !	Jarrett Bellini offers readers opportunity to decide where he 's going on vacation Readers can choose either Argentina , Greece , South Africa or Turkey Bellini will blog on CNN.com and appear on CNN.com Live from the country Bellini says he has the "  travel bug " for international vacations
New York  CNN  -- A 35-year-old woman on a first date plummeted to her death early Thursday morning when she fell from the balcony of her 17th floor New York City apartment . Jennifer Rosoff went outside on her balcony around 12:50 a.m. Thursday to talk and smoke a cigarette with her date when the balcony 's railing broke , according to police . It 's unclear whether Rosoff leaned on the balcony , causing it to give way . She landed on a second-story construction scaffolding of the building and was pronounced dead at the scene , police said . Rosoff 's employer , online advertising startup TripleLift , released a statement expressing sorrow at the news of her death . "  We are all deeply saddened by the sudden and tragic loss of our dear friend and co-worker , " the statement said . "  Her tremendous energy and humor brought so much joy to the office . " Richard Dansereau , managing director of Stonehenge Management LLC , the company that manages the building , also released a statement . "  This is a tragedy , and our sincere condolences go out to the family and friends of Ms. Rosoff , " he said . "  We are cooperating fully with the investigation into the cause of this terrible accident . " A statement provided to CNN from the New York City Department of Buildings said the agency is investigating and issued a vacate order for all balconies in the building as a precaution . According to her Linkedin profile , Rosoff worked as director of sales at TripleLift for the past five months and had previously held positions at The New Yorker , Conde Nast and Cosmopolitan magazine .	Jennifer Rosoff was on a date when they stepped out to her 17th-floor balcony Police say the balcony 's railing broke and she landed on construction scaffolding Property manager of building : "  We are cooperating fully with the investigation " As a precaution , residents of building told to stay off their balconies
CNN  -- To look at her , you 'd never know Jessica Ordona , 25 , has a problem with her jeans . "  I do n't like the fact that when you sit down , your stomach comes over them , " she says . Jessica Ordona  in white  disliked the fit of her jeans , so she signed up for a class she says addressed the issue . A retail specialist with a commercial real estate firm in Bethesda , Maryland , Ordona knows image is part of success . That 's why she has been diligent about hitting the gym four to five times a week . But even with all her crunches and lifting , she sometimes experienced denim frustration . Unhappy with her former gym , Ordona decided to join a national health club chain in her neighborhood . Much to her surprise , she found a class called Skinny Jeans Workout , specifically designed to get rid of those annoying little bulges and bumps . "  It 's different than your typical workout class , " she says . "  It 's not high-impact cardio , but you 're sweating the whole time because you 're working every muscle group . " The Skinny Jeans Workout concentrates on core muscles , balance and posture . A cross between ballet , butt-burning stretches and light weight lifting , the workout involves the entire body . Lisa Grimmer , a group fitness instructor , teaches the class . "  What I love about Skinny Jeans is it takes everything from Pilates -- the core workout , which would be the tightening around of your abdominal muscles , your lower back . People think of that as "  the core . " But there 's also the shoulder girdle , which we work out a lot in Skinny Jeans , too , " says Grimmer . "  So really we 're thinking about anything that would be postural or placed into your jeans , so you 've got your abdominals , of course , and we work the inner and outer thighs that go into the jeans . " The hourlong class is taught twice a week . Regulars swear they 've dropped a jeans size or two since the class began four months ago . They say it not only tightens the tush , but the workout also helps develop the flexibility and strength to hold the back straight . Tracy Cherpeski Bannister , another class instructor , believes posture is key to fitting into tight pants . "  In addition to sort of holding it in , we 're also lifting and lengthening and , as we do that , we sort of set our shoulders into place , " Bannister says . "  I probably said it in class -- we ` tuck our shoulder blades into our back pockets ' -- so we 're opening the chest as well . " Listen to Jessica talk about the class " Bannister says so many of us spend portions of our day stressed , at our computer or rounded forward while driving . "  So this is a good way to kind of set the body back up . ... It makes everything more efficient , " she says . The class is usually taught in bare feet , for maximum balance . It forces "  our bodies to be smarter , " says Bannister . She reasons that by freeing up your feet , you have to use your brain as well . "  You have to think and feel what 's happening . If you do n't -LSB- go barefoot -RSB- , then it 's not a waste of time , but you do n't get as much out of it as maybe you should . " Watch Skinny Jeans class participants in action " But like any exercise program , it 's important to take it slowly . "  Any time you begin a new workout , you need to avoid doing too much , too soon . You do n't want to go from zero to 60 in 10 seconds , " says Dr. David Johnson , an orthopedic surgeon at Washington Hospital Center in Washington , D.C. "  One of the worst things a person can do is start exercising , overdo it , get hurt and become discouraged . You should look to your instructor for guidance and make sure that person is keyed in to your fitness level . " Johnson likes the concept of the workout . "  Exercises that develop the core muscles are important , " he says . "  Not only does core strength decrease waist size , it increases your energy and endurance , which make it easier to engage in other physical activities such as golf , tennis -- even shopping for another pair of skinny jeans . " The Skinny Jeans Workout and other programs similar to it can be found at health clubs across the country . While the specifics of the workouts may vary , depending on the health club , the goal is pretty much the same : It 's all about zipping yourself up into the smallest jeans in your closet . "  You do it right , you do it a few times , and then you 're set , " Grimmer says . "  My clients love it . ... They all come to the class , and they 've seen such great results . I 've had people go down sizes in jeans ; I 've had people tighten up . ... They 're standing up a little bit taller , and everything 's straighter and very proud . "	Skinny Jeans Workout tones core muscles so gym-goers can zip their skinny jeans Balance , posture also addressed , as are flexibility and strength to hold back straight Expert : Like any exercise program , it 's important to start slowly , not get injured
New York  CNN  -- The suspect in the "  Dating Game Killer " case has pleaded not guilty to murder charges in connection with the deaths of two women in New York in the 1970s . Rodney Alcala , 68 , was arraigned Thursday after being escorted by U.S. Marshals to New York from California , where he had been on death row since 2010 for killing four women and a 12-year-old girl there . The California murders took place between November 1977 and June 1979 and covered a wide swath of suburban Los Angeles , from Burbank to El Segundo . Last year , prosecutors in New York charged Alcala with murder in the deaths of Cornelia Crilley and Ellen Hover . Crilley , a 23-year-old TWA flight attendant , was found raped and strangled inside her Upper East Side apartment in June 1971 , the Manhattan District Attorney 's office said in a news release at the time of the indictment in January 2011 . Hover , also 23 and living in Manhattan , was found dead in Westchester County in 1977 , it said . "  Cold cases are not forgotten cases -- our prosecutors , investigators and partners in the NYPD do not give up , " Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said in the statement . In 1978 , Alcala was a winning bachelor on the television show "  The Dating Game . " At the time , he had been convicted in the 1968 rape of an 8-year-old girl and served a 34-month sentence , authorities said . Police found dozens of photographs of women and children in a storage locker Alcala kept in Seattle . The locker also contained earrings belonging to Robin Samsoe , his 12-year-old victim , according to the Orange County , California , district attorney 's office . Serial killer had photo stash Authorities asked for the public 's help in determining whether any of the people in the photographs were victims of Alcala 's . A year before his appearance on the game show , Alcala raped , sodomized and killed 18-year-old Jill Barcomb and 27-year-old nurse Georgia Wixted in California , prosecutors said . He smashed in Barcomb 's face with a rock and strangled her by tying a belt and pants leg around her neck , prosecutors said . Her body was discovered in a mountainous area in the foothills near Hollywood . Wixted was beaten with the claw end of a hammer and strangled with a nylon stocking , authorities said . Her body was left in her Malibu apartment . During his appearance on "  The Dating Game , " Alcala was introduced as a "  successful photographer " who might also be found skydiving or motorcycling . In June 1979 , Alcala beat , raped and strangled Charlotte Lamb , a 33-year-old legal secretary , in the laundry room of her El Segundo apartment complex , authorities said . That same month , he raped and murdered Jill Parenteau , 21 , strangling her with a cord or a stocking in her Burbank apartment , they said . Alcala 's blood was collected from the scene after he cut himself crawling out a window , the prosecutor said , adding , "  Based on a semi-rare blood match , Alcala was linked to the murder . " He was charged with murdering Parenteau , but the case was dismissed after he was convicted of killing Samsoe . Alcala approached her at the beach in Huntington Beach in 1979 and asked her to pose for pictures , authorities said . She did , they said , and Alcala then kidnapped and murdered her , dumping her body in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains . Alcala was convicted of Samsoe 's death in 1980 and sentenced to death , but the California Supreme Court overturned his conviction . A second trial , in 1986 , also resulted in a death sentence , but it was overturned by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals . As he awaited a third trial , Alcala 's DNA was linked to the crime scenes in the Barcomb , Wixted and Lamb cases , and he was charged with killing them and Parenteau . Jed Mills , who was "  Bachelor No. 2 " on "  The Dating Game " alongside Alcala 's "  Bachelor No. 1 , " recalled that he had an almost immediate aversion to him . "  Something about him , I could not be near him , " Mills said last year . Alcala succeeded in charming bachelorette Cheryl Bradshaw from the other side of the game show 's wall . But she declined the date that the show offered them : tennis lessons , tennis clothes and a trip to an amusement park . Tips pour in after release of serial killer 's photos CNN 's Jesse Solomon , Jason Kessler , Chris Kokenes and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	NEW : Rodney Alcala was arraigned Thursday Alcala 's alleged victims include two 23-year-old New York women The slayings occurred in the 1970s "  Cold cases are not forgotten cases , " district attorney says
ON PUGET SOUND , Washington  CNN  -- When commercial diver Kenny Woodside takes to the depths , he enters a world of murky low light and dangerous currents . Diver Kenny Woodside descends to the murky depths to retrieve an abandoned net . Until recently Woodside and about 100 hundred other divers searched Puget Sound for sea cucumbers and urchins to sell to buyers in Asia , where the items are considered delicacies . But demand for the fishermen 's catch dried up with the worldwide economic crisis and left many of these divers without a reason to go out on the water . "  The fishing industry has slowed from a full-time job to just a couple months a year , " said Doug Monk , the captain of the boat from which Woodside dives . "  The red sea urchin market is almost non-existent . " But thanks to a small piece of the federal stimulus recovery plan , Monk , Woodside and about 40 other fishermen will get back to work hauling in a very different catch : lost fishing nets . While many stimulus projects have come under fire as pork barrel spending , backers of the nets program say it is a model for helping those battered by the economic downturn while completing needed public works . Thousands of the large nets stretch across the floor of Puget Sound , where they create an environmental hazard . Some of the nets were lost by fishermen to the rocky coastline decades ago but continue to catch and kill . According to the Northwest Marine Conservation Initiative , the nets are responsible for killing tens of thousands of marine life , mammals and birds every year . The nets , some of which extend larger than a football field , can also tangle the propellers of boats and pose a danger to scuba divers . After struggling to find funding , the group received $ 4.6 million in stimulus funds to recover most of the nets that litter the unique Puget Sound ecosystem . The only reason the nets have remained underwater for so long , said Ginny Broadhurst , director of the Northwest Marine Conservation Initiative , is because the damage they are doing to the environment is invisible from the surface . "  If you had nets strung along the streets that are catching bunny rabbits and squirrels , we would n't be discussing whether we should be removing them . We would be pulling them . It would be immediate , " said Broadhurst . "  When those threats are underwater it 's so much harder to know what impacts they are having . " But pulling those nets is no easy task . Divers swim close to 100 feet down to an environment that is anything but friendly . Instead of using scuba equipment , they breathe through air hoses running from the boat above . When the divers find the fields of nets , they begin the labor of cutting them free piece by piece and all by hand . Removing one net can take days . Watch the divers at work " The nets are then pulled to the boat waiting on the surface . In just a few hours on the water , the divers can pull free about 1,000 pounds of nets . Inside are the bones of countless fish and birds , along with several species of protected sharks and crabs . Anything still alive is cut free and thrown back in the water . Then , biologist Jeff June notes what they have brought up . So far , he says , the group has identified 112 distinct species trapped in the nets . The fishing nets themselves are considered toxic after the years of catching so much sea life . The divers seal them in heavy duty plastic bags and , once on shore , take the nets to a landfill . But biologist June said the group is working on a plan that would have the nets burned , creating energy from lost fishing nets . Over the next 18 months the group expects to pull some 3,000 nets from Puget Sound . And in that time the fishing industry could bounce back from its slump , allowing Doug Monk and his crew to return to catching urchins and sea cucumbers . But , the boat captain said , recovering the fishing nets has greater meaning than just riding out a rough economy . "  We feel we are doing a good thing , " he said . " -LSB- With -RSB- harvest diving we are taking from the resources ; here we are giving them back . "	Worldwide economic downturn has hit fishing industry hard Stimulus money is paying fishermen to haul up lost nets in Puget Sound Nets kill thousands of marine life , birds , mammals each year Some of the nets are longer than a football field
Targeted assassinations or the capture of senior insurgent leaders in larger counterinsurgency operations can provide both positive and negative outcomes according to a classified CIA document posted by the anti-secrecy group Wikileaks on Thursday . The use of so-called high-value targeting , or HVT , programs are the subject of a document titled "  Best Practices in Counterinsurgency " and labeled as secret -- and not for the eyes of foreign nations -- dates back to July 2009 in the early days of the Obama administration . According to the document , the CIA assessed the results of such operations by either U.S. government personnel or other countries during operations in Afghanistan , Iraq , Libya , Israel and eight other countries . Use of high-value targeting programs can have beneficial effects such as eroding insurgent effectiveness , weakening insurgent will , and fragmenting or splitting the insurgent group among others . However , the report cites the possibility of increasing the level of support for insurgent groups , radicalizing an insurgent group 's remaining leaders and creating a vacuum for additional radical groups to enter as potential adverse effects for such operations . A CIA spokesperson told CNN the agency does not comment on the authenticity or content of purported stolen intelligence documents . Several case studies from various high-value targeting operations spanning 50 years formed the basis of the report . Efforts to target senior members of the Afghan Taliban since 2001 were constrained by the limited reach of the central government beyond Kabul , along with the Taliban 's "  high overall ability to replace lost leaders " illustrate the limits of high-value targeting operations according to clandestine and U.S. military reporting that formed the basis of that research . But the report cites the Colombian government 's use of high-value targeting operations against the FARC guerilla movement , and the overall psychological impact produced by the strikes on the broader population boosted the "  government 's legitimacy " and reduced morale within the FARC over time . And the continued use of targeting senior al Qaeda leaders served to weaken Osama bin Laden 's control of his organization before his death at the hands of U.S. Navy SEALs in 2011 . Bin Laden 's efforts to avoid detection "  including his reliance on low-technology communications , his reluctance to meet with subordinates and his contentment with leading from a sequestered distance via infrequent contact , " affected his ability to lead the organization according to the report . The document purports to provide both lessons and a framework for evaluating high-value targeting operations for US policy makers and military leaders involved in their ultimate authorization . Multiple sources of information formed the basis for the CIA 's findings according to the document . "  Most of our source information relies on clandestine and defense attache reporting , discussions with HVT practitioners , a CIA-sponsored study on HVT operations in counterinsurgencies and our review of current and historical case documents , " the report says .	A classified CIA document was posted by the anti-secrecy group Wikileaks on Thursday It said targeted assassinations can have both positive and negative outcomes
CNN  -- Formula One is set for a return to the United States in 2012 , after an agreement was reached to build a brand-new racing track in the Texan state capital Austin . The decision for the southern American city to host F1 on a ten-year deal was confirmed on Wednesday , by the sport 's rights owner Bernie Ecclestone . "  For the first time in the history of Formula One in the United States , a world-class facility will be purpose-built to host the event , " he told the official F1 Web site . "  This will be the first time a facility is constructed from the ground up specifically for Formula One in the US . " Is America interested in Formula One ? The U.S. Grand Prix was last held at the famous Indianapolis Motor Speedway in 2007 and America has hosted F1 Grand Prix 's in a number of locations across the country since the 1950 's . However , the U.S. 's relationship with the sport ended amidst controversy when a dispute between tire manufacturers in 2005 led to most drivers boycotting the race and only six competing . But speculation has been rife over F1 returning to the country for some time , after Ecclestone made no secret that he wished to make a fresh attempt to crack the U.S. market . New York , San Francisco and Miami were some of the other locations in the frame to host a revamped U.S. Grand Prix , but it was the surprise contender Austin that won the race in the end . And organizers in Austin are confident that after its five-year break F1 can become more popular in the U.S. that it was last time around . "  We realize that over the last 30 years there have been one or two missing pieces from the previous editions of the United States Grand Prix , " Tavo Hellmand , managing director of US Grand Prix promoters Full Throttle Productions told the F1 Web site . "  We have a tremendous opportunity at hand to do it right - to feature Austin as the backdrop and produce one of the great sporting events in the world . " The American company Goodyear is also competing to provide the tires for the next F1 season -- along with Italian tire firm Pirelli and French firm Michelin -- which could further increase American influence in the sport . There is also the prospect of the all-American team USF1 taking part in future F1 racing -- the team failed to line up on the grid for the 2010 Championships due to financial troubles , but the sport 's governing body , the Federation Internationale d' Automobile , are considering the possibility of the team taking part in the 2011 season .	Formula One to return to U.S. at a new track in Austin , Texas F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone confirmed the move on Wednesday Last U.S. Grand Prix was held in Indianapolis in 2007 Austin was one of several new locations for the grand prix including New York
CNN  -- A Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and undocumented immigrant who was detained at a southern Texas airport this week said Wednesday the incident was n't a stunt . Asked how it was possible that he did n't know he would get extra scrutiny at the border airport , Jose Antonio Vargas told CNN 's "  New Day " that he did n't anticipate being detained in McAllen , Texas , after visiting a shelter where undocumented immigrant children were being held . "  Is it a stunt to get on a plane to leave to try to get out of south Texas ? " he asked . About his detention , he added : "  That 's the risk undocumented people take every day . " On Tuesday , U.S. Border Patrol agents detained the journalist-turned-activist at McAllen-Miller International Airport after he told them he was in the country illegally , officials said . He was released later that day and given a notice to appear before an immigration judge . At the very least , Vargas likely knew after he 'd arrived in McAllen last week that he might have difficulty leaving the area by plane or by land . In a piece that he wrote for Politico , he said acquaintances informed him after he arrived that Border Patrol agents check IDs at the airport , and that immigration checkpoints are set up along roads within 45 miles of the city . Vargas became an outspoken advocate pushing for an overhaul of the nation 's immigration laws in 2011 , when he revealed he was undocumented -- having entered the United States from the Philippines as a child -- in a column for The New York Times Magazine . Vargas was detained at the McAllen airport while trying to pass through security en route to Los Angeles , said Ryan Eller , campaign director for Define American , a group Vargas founded in 2011 . Earlier , he visited a shelter to "  highlight the stories of refugee children who have fled countries in Central America because of increased levels of violence , " according to a statement on the website of United We Dream , a group that provides support to children and families . On Facebook Wednesday , Vargas wrote , "  We , the American people , must not allow our elected officials to further politicize the humanitarian crisis at the border . America does not turn its back on children -- then or now . We must  find  a solution to this crisis . " He wrote that the Rio Grande Valley in south Texas was "  the most militarized zone I 've ever been to in the U.S. Can you imagine living there , being trapped in a 45-mile radius of check-points and border patrol agents ? I only visited and I got out . I got out . What about other immigrants ? " Recently , Vargas detailed his life story in "  Documented , " a film about the U.S. immigration debate that he wrote and directed . CNN aired it on June 29 . Even with his high-profile and frequent speaking events about his immigration status , Vargas had n't found himself in the cross hairs of authorities until his trip this month to the border region to support unaccompanied minors coming from Central America . "  Mr. Vargas has not previously been arrested by  Immigrations and Customs Enforcement ,  nor has the agency ever issued a detainer on him or encountered him , " the Department of Homeland Security said Tuesday . "  ICE is focused on smart , effective immigration enforcement that prioritizes the agency 's resources to promote border security and to identify and remove criminal individuals who pose a threat to public safety and national security . " Vargas said he considered the possibility of detention after arriving in the region . "  Because I do n't have any ID besides my Filipino passport , it 's going to be hard for me to actually get out of here at some point when I decide to get out of here in the next couple of days , " he told CNN on Sunday . Early Tuesday , Vargas tweeted that he was about to go through security at McAllen-Miller International Airport . Since outing himself as an undocumented immigrant three years ago , he says he has traveled extensively , visiting 40 states . "  I do n't know what 's going to happen , " he tweeted , directing his followers to the Twitter handles for Define American and the University of Texas-Pan American 's Minority Affairs Council . Within minutes , the latter retweeted a photo of Vargas in handcuffs with the caption : "  Here 's a photo of  Vargas  in handcuffs , because the Border Patrol has nothing more pressing to do apparently . " In 1993 , when he was 12 , Vargas came to the United States from the Philippines with a man he 'd never met but whom his aunt and a family friend introduced as his uncle , Vargas wrote in his 2011 New York Times Magazine column . Once in the States , he lived with his grandfather , a security guard , and grandmother , a food server . Both were naturalized American citizens who had been supporting Vargas and his mother since Vargas was 3 . He 'd later learn that his grandfather had paid $ 4,500 for this purported uncle -- who was a coyote , or people smuggler -- to bring Vargas to the United States under a fake passport and name . Vargas : Undocumented and hiding in plain sight	Homeland Security says Jose Antonio Vargas has a notice to appear in court Officials say he was detained after telling authorities he was in the country illegally The journalist wrote last week that he suspected he might not get out of McAllen , Texas
CNN  -- A pro-Palestinian college professor 's tenure offer at the University of Illinois was allegedly rescinded after he made anti-Israel tweets about the war in Gaza . Dr. Steven Salaita 's case "  is sort of unprecedented in a way , " said Baher Azmy , the legal director for the Center for Constitutional Rights . The organization 's legal team has advised Salaita as they consider potential legal avenues . In October 2013 , the university offered Salaita a tenured position in the American Indian Studies program , which Salaita accepted , according to Azmy . But on August 1 , 2014 , Salaita received a letter from Chancellor Dr. Phyllis Wise terminating the appointment . By then , Azmy said , Salaita had resigned from his tenured position at Virginia Tech , rented his home in Virginia and was preparing to move his family to Illinois . Virginia Tech Department Chair Joseph Eska confirmed Salaita had resigned and would not be returning in the fall . According to University of Illinois protocol , once an offer is made , the chancellor 's office must make a recommendation to the board of trustees for final authorization . Azmy said Wise rescinded the offer before it went to the board . Azmy said he believes the reason was Salaita 's "  political expressions " in social media . Salaita 's Twitter feed includes messages like " #Israel 's message to #Obama and #Kerry : we 'll kill as many Palestinians as we want , when we want . p.s. : f -- you , pay me . #Gaza " Another post reads , "  Only #Israel can murder around 300 children in the span of a few weeks and insist that it is the victim . #Gaza #GazaUnderAttack " University spokeswoman Robin Neal Kaler said , "  As a matter of university policy and practice , we do not comment publicly upon nor discuss generally any personnel matters , including matters involving employment or tenure . " In an open letter sent to Wise , Azmy cites "  viewpoint discrimination " as the reason for the dismissal , calling it a "  serious First Amendment violation . " "  He resigned from a job that gave him tenure , the pinnacle of academic achievement , with the expectation that he would have tenure at the next university and it was taken away in an unlawfully retaliatory way for his political views , " Azmy said . CNN was not able to reach Salaita but spoke to his wife , who declined to comment other than to confirm her husband had been consulting with Azmy . CNN also was unable to reach Wise for comment . Neal Kaler did not clarify why last month she defended Salaita 's right to tweet his views during an interview with The News-Gazette , a local newspaper . She said then , "  Faculty have a wide range of scholarly and political views , and we recognize the freedom of speech rights of all of our employees . " Salaita 's controversial views were no secret at the time the university made him an offer . He is the author of six books , including "  Israel 's Dead Soul " and the "  Anti-Arab Racism in the USA . " Salaita 's opinions , Azmy said , constitute the basis for his scholarly research , which was the reason he was offered the position to begin with . Salaita believed the principles of academic freedom "  would permit him to share his views without fear of censure or reprisal , " said Azmy . Wise 's move to block the appointment has drawn criticism and support . Cary Nelson , a longtime English professor at the university and a past president of the American Association of University Professors , supported Wise . He said , "  I believe the decision not to offer him a job was the right one . " "  I find many of his tweets quite loathsome â $ " as well as sophomoric and irresponsible , " he said , adding that "  while universities need to study all positions on an issue , even the most outrageous ones , I see no good reason to offer a permanent faculty position to someone whose discourse crosses the line into anti-Semitism . " Nelson has written on the topic of academic freedom in the past . In an essay posted on his website , he said academic freedom "  is the principle that guarantees faculty members the right to speak and write as they please without interference from the university , the state , or the public . " The Illinois Conference Committee A on Academic Freedom and Tenure of the American Association of University Professors released a statement supporting Salaita . "  Professor Salaita 's words while strident and vulgar were an impassioned plea to end the violence currently taking place in the Middle East , " the statement read . "  The University of Illinois can not cancel an appointment based upon Twitter statements that are protected speech in the United States of America . " A Change.org petition created by an American professor of Palestinian descent in support of Salaita had garnered over 11,000 signatures . Azmy said he had not received a response from Wise . Meanwhile Salaita 's professional future remained in limbo . "  I do n't think he knows what he is going to do , " Azmy said . "  He is a scholar and scholars should be in university setting . " Celebs step into Israel-Gaza PR minefield Joan Rivers ` stands behind ' Gaza quotes : ` War is hell '	Dr. Steven Salaita quits job , rents house for move to Illinois But professor 's job offer at University of Illinois is rescinded His representative says it 's because of his anti-Israel tweets about Gaza
CNN  -- Last year was the safest in aviation history for passengers flying on Western-built jets , an international aviation trade group said Wednesday . The 2010 global accident rate was 0.61 per million flights , a rate equating to one accident for every 1.6 million flights , according to the International Air Transport Association  IATA  . That is just below the previous historic low rate of 0.65 rate in 2006 , and a "  significant improvement " over the rate of 0.71 recorded in 2009 . There were 17 plane accidents -- or hull losses , in the lingo of the business -- involving Western-built jet aircraft in 2010 , compared to 19 the previous year . A hull loss is an accident in which a plane is destroyed or damaged beyond repair . There were 786 fatalities in passenger aircraft compared to 685 in 2009 , IATA said . As in the past , there were significant regional differences in the accident rates , with North America having relatively low rates and Africa having the worst rate . While Africa 's hull loss rate was 7.41 -- four Western-built planes crashed in Africa -- it was lower than the 2009 rate of 9.94 . IATA Director General Giovanni Bisignani said African systems must improve . "  Flying must be equally safe in all parts of the world , " Bisignani said . "  An accident rate in Africa that is over 12 times the global average is not acceptable . " He said African carriers should make use of an IATA audit system to improve safety . Runway excursions -- instances when a plane leaves the runway during take-offs or landings -- accounted for 21 percent of the worldwide accidents , IATA said , saying the number has dropped because of attention to the problem . Some of the accidents occur when planes land on wet runways ; others when the aircraft approaches too fast , too high or touches down beyond the desired spot on the runway . IATA said it is working with the industry and regulators to address the issue . IATA said 2010 had the following results : 2.4 billion people flew safely on 36.8 million flights . 94 accidents for all types of aircraft -- Eastern and Western built -- compared to 90 in 2009 . 23 fatal accidents for all passenger aircraft types , compared to 18 in 2009 . IATA represents some 230 airlines comprising 93 percent of scheduled international air traffic .	2010 saw 17 accidents on such airplanes Africa has the worst rate Industry group leader calls for improvement
Paris , France  CNN  -- A winter storm named "  Xynthia " battered the western coast of Europe Sunday , its high winds downing trees and power lines and leaving as many as 55 people dead , authorities said . Hardest hit was France , where at least 45 people were killed , French Prime Minister Francois Fillon announced . The extra-tropical cyclone whipped the country 's coastal regions and moved inland , bringing sometimes heavy flooding with it . Are you affected by the storm ? Share images and information with CNN iReport . "  It 's a national catastrophe , " Fillon said in a brief news conference following an emergency meeting on the situation . "  Many people drowned , surprised by the rapid rise of the water . "  Now the priority is to bring all the people left homeless and still threatened by the rising waters to safety , " the prime minister explained . "  All services are mobilized to reach that goal as soon as possible . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy will visit the department of Charente-Maritime Monday , Fillon said . Charente-Maritime and Vendee , on the French coast west of Paris , had severe flooding when the strong winds whipped up the water at high tide . "  At 3 o'clock in the morning , we heard the toilets backing up . We got up to look and then we saw 80 cm  about 31 inches  of water in the garage , " a resident of Aiguillon-Sur-Mer , in the department of Vendee , told CNN affiliate BFM-TV . "  It was rushing in , it broke down the walls around the garden and the gate . " Hundreds of people had to be rescued from their rooftops overnight . "  The water was up to the gutters , " said one woman , who spent the night on the roof with her children . Residents of the village of Aytre , in Charente-Maritime , saw a wave of water measuring 1 meter high  about 1 yard  come into the center of town . One couple told BFM-TV their children were airlifted and they were taken out by boat . "  It rose very high , very high , we were very scared , " another man told the station . "  It was unreal , " Aytre Mayor Suzanne Tallard told BFM-TV . At least 1 million households were without power Sunday afternoon , Bernard Lassus of Electricite de France said in an interview on BFM-TV . French Interior Minister Brice Hortefeux told BFM-TV that 350 soldiers and 3,250 firefighters have been mobilized . About 10 helicopters are being used to airlift people , he said , and draining operations were underway . The high winds -- at times spiking to 200 km/h  124 mph  -- reached inland as far as Paris , where as many as 100 flights were canceled at the Paris-Charles de Gaulle International Airport , BFM reported . Gusts up to 175 km/h  108 mph  were measured at the top of the Eiffel Tower Saturday , reported CNN International Meteorologist Eboni Deon . The hurricane-strength winds stretched from Portugal northeast to the Netherlands . The system was moving toward the Baltic Sea , Deon said , and a second front was moving into the region of Portugal and Spain later in the day . In Spain , three people were killed in the first band of the storm , Spanish Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said Sunday . Two children died in a car accident and another person was killed in northwestern Spain , the minister said in a news conference on CNN sister station CNN + . At least 17 provinces were on high alert due to the strong winds , CNN + reported , and some flights and train services were canceled . A 10-year-old child was killed by a falling tree in the high winds in Portugal , Patricia Gaspar , National Operations Assistant with the Portuguese National Authority for Civil Protection , confirmed to CNN . There are also some power outages in the country , Gaspar said . Some residents have reported roofs blown off and smaller houses collapsing , she added . Four people were killed in Germany as a result of the storm , officials said -- all four when they or their cars were struck by falling trees . One of them , a 69-year-old man , was a hiker in a group of about 20 , police said , but the others were evacuated to safety . A man was also killed by a falling tree in Belgium , Peter Mertens , a spokesman for Belgium 's Interior Ministry , confirmed to CNN . Eastern Belgium has seen the worst of the storm , Mertens said . "  They 've had problems with fallen trees , roofs blown off and electricity cables not working . But it seems the worst part has passed now , " he added . The storm also reached England , where one woman was reported dead when the vehicle she was driving became submerged and washed down a swollen creek in the northeastern part of the country . The body of the 53-year-old woman was recovered downstream , North Yorkshire Police said in a recorded phone message to the media . CNN 's Al Goodman in Madrid , Spain ; Per Nyberg in London , England ; Frederik Pleitgen in Berlin , Germany ; and Estelle Eonnet and Lorraine Gublin in Paris , France contributed to this report	At least 55 deaths from extra-tropical cyclone , 45 of them in France High winds -- at times spiking to 200 km/h  124 mph  -- reached as far as Paris "  Many people drowned , surprised by the rapid rise of the water , " French official says Deaths also reported in Spain , Portugal , Belgium , Germany and England
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko refuses to concede defeat in Ukraine 's presidential election and plans to demand a recount in some districts , officials from her party , Bloc Tymoshenko , said Tuesday . Meanwhile , her rival , former Ukrainian prime minister Victor Yanukovich told CNN it is time for her to give up . Yanukovich is leading Sunday 's runoff election . With 99.98 percent of the votes counted , he has 48.96 percent , while Tymoshenko has 45.47 percent , according to the country 's Central Election Commission . Yanukovich 's supporters rallied outside the commission Tuesday and vowed not to leave until the vote count was final and their candidate named the winner , Ukrainian news agencies and state media reported . In an exclusive interview with CNN Tuesday , Yanukovich called on Tymoshenko to accept defeat and remember the pro-Western Orange Revolution that swept her to power . "  This country has been democratic for five years , and that 's been proven again by this election , " he said . "  Yulia Tymoshenko is betraying the principles of her Orange Revolution " by failing to acknowledge defeat . A Yanukovich win would put the finishing touches on a remarkable comeback for the former prime minister five years after he was ousted in a populist uprising . Ukrainian voter Nikolay Gluhovskiy said he supported Yanukovich because Tymoshenko had been a disappointment . "  All the time Yulia Tymoshenko has been in power , we had no prospects , " he said at a Yanukovich rally Monday . "  Of course , she is a fighter , but in a bad sense . She should n't have promised us so much and done nothing . " Russian President Dmitry Medvedev congratulated Yanukovich by telephone Tuesday , the Kremlin told CNN . "  Medvedev congratulated Yanukovich on the completion of the election campaign , which was highly rated by international observers , and the success achieved at the presidential election , " the Kremlin 's statement press statement said . The Kremlin statement did not offer congratulations for a Yanukovich win , however . During the 2004 presidential election , then-Russian President Vladimir Putin became the first world leader to congratulate Yanukovich on his victory , a full two days before the electoral commission declared him the winner . Appearing on television after the polls closed Sunday night , Yanukovich said his opponent should begin preparations to step down . But Tymoshenko has evidence of election fraud and intends to demand a recount in some districts where , she says , voting irregularities took place , officials from her party said Tuesday . The two politicians have fought a bitter battle . Yanukovich has strong links to Russia , and a checkered election history . In 2004 , he was declared the winner of the presidential election before the ballot 's legitimacy was questioned and he was accused of stealing the race . "  The country remembers times when there were presidents announced , they received congratulations , and then things changed , " Tymoshenko said Sunday , referring to the 2004 race . A pro-Western uprising , known as the Orange Revolution , followed . Yanukovich 's win was annulled , and current President Victor Yushchenko won the re-vote . Yushchenko ran for a second term this year , but , blamed for Ukraine 's faltering economy , he did not make the runoff . This year 's elections , by contrast to those in 2004 , got a clean bill of health from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , which sent observers . The OSCE hailed the process as "  professional , transparent and honest , " saying it should "  serve as a solid foundation for a peaceful transition of power . " CNN 's Matthew Chance , Mike Sefanov and Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	Tymoshenko refuses to concede defeat in Ukraine 's presidential election Former PM Victor Yanukovich tells CNN it is time for her to give up With 98 percent of ballots processed , Yanukovich had 48.94 percent Current Ukraine PM Yulia Tymoshenko has 45.48 percent
CNN  -- You would think that a black man born and raised in Georgia , who was a teenager during the civil rights movement , would understand the transition of African-Americans from voting overwhelmingly Republican to strongly supporting the Democratic Party . But the GOP presidential candidate clearly did n't have the common sense that he often speaks of having when he went on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " and accused many African-Americans of being brainwashed to vote Democratic . "  Many African-Americans have been brainwashed into not being open-minded , not even considering a conservative point of view , " Cain said . "  I have received some of that same vitriol simply because I am running for the Republican nomination as a conservative . "  So it 's just brainwashing and people not being open-minded , pure and simple . " Cain 's off-base and historically ignorant comments have received widespread coverage . In some quarters , they have been criticized , while MSNBC 's Pat Buchanan , who has a long history of racially offensive comments , did n't surprise many by coming to Cain 's defense . It 's not the first time I 've heard someone question the reasons for blacks ' allegiance to the Democratic Party , but history has to be taken into account . According to the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies , a think tank focused on African-American issues , in the aftermath of the Emancipation Proclamation , black folks who could vote in the United States quickly joined the Republican Party out of affection for President Abraham Lincoln . Check the political party affiliation of blacks elected during the period of Reconstruction and you will see a lot of R 's after their names . The policies of Presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry Truman , who desegregated the military , led more African-Americans to vote for the Democrats . Still , Dwight Eisenhower got 39 percent of the black vote when he ran for re-election in 1956 ; and Vice President Richard Nixon received 31 percent against the eventual winner , Sen. John F. Kennedy . The shift became more noticeable in 1964 , when the Republican Party nominated Sen. Barry Goldwater as its presidential nominee . It was Goldwater 's ardent stance against the Civil Rights Act that led President Lyndon Johnson to garner 94 percent of the black vote . What 's interesting to note is the greatest threat to passage of the bill came from white Southern Democrats , known as Dixiecrats . Moderate Republicans played a crucial role in getting the Civil Rights Act passed , yet as the GOP began to go against civil rights , the national Democratic Party saw a chance to solidify the black vote . In 1968 , Nixon returned to the national stage with his Southern Strategy , a detailed plan of racial politics that ignored , denigrated and dismissed black voters while playing up racial issues as a way to gain support from white voters . All of this was an outgrowth of the 1964 Civil Rights Act , which led President Johnson to say his signing of the law would deliver the South to the GOP for the next generation . The Southern Strategy became the go-to play for Republicans over the next 40 years , as they virtually ignored the interests of black voters and catered to a largely white party . So on one hand you have a party that totally ignores black voters -- the GOP -- and then you have Democrats who see a chance to capture those same voters . If Republicans today are angry about a high level of animosity coming from black voters , they need to blame their white forefathers who wanted to see the racial divide continue over their refusal to allow African-Americans to be full citizens of the United States . The problem is that the GOP has done little to change the game since then , virtually ignoring African-Americans and advocating policies that blacks believe go against their interests . What is so shameful and asinine about Cain 's "  brainwashing " comment is that he assumes that African-Americans are n't smart and sophisticated enough to make their own choices . Just like whites , Asians , Hispanics , women , Catholics , Jews , Baptists , Wall Street bankers , or any other voting group , they look at the candidates , determine how they line up with their views , and make a selection . So when someone says that blacks do n't vote with their brains , that 's utterly false . Now , for all of the trolls who usually populate web sites comments sections saying I 'm playing the race card , answer this : If I said that Southern whites were a bunch of brainwashed , dead heads who give the GOP their vote , how would you respond ? U.S. Census Bureau statistics show that of the 10 poorest states in America , nine are mostly red states . The lowest when it comes to education ? Mostly red states . The most obese ? Worst health care ? Mostly red states . So if the talking points suggest the Democrats advance poverty programs more than the GOP ; push for more funding for education ; and want a strong health care program , then why are these white voters in these mostly red states voting for the GOP ? Have they been brainwashed by virtue of the Southern Strategy to keep voting straight ticket ? The GOP has no real plan to even talk to black voters . They are afraid of them . Yes , afraid . If you want to put a Republican in the most uncomfortable position , then see them try to give a speech in front of a room of black folks . There is mistrust on both sides rather than straight talk on the issues . For years I have lamented the GOP 's refusal to engage African-Americans . We care about housing , economic development , education , any host of issues . But in the minds of a lot of Republicans , it 's all about welfare or affirmative action . African-Americans are largely social conservatives , but the GOP ca n't even figure out how to reach us even with God ! I 'm the host of Washington Watch , a weekly Sunday morning news show on TV One Cable Network , a lifestyles and entertainment network targeting African-Americans , and the GOP flat out refuses to even accept our invitations . For two years we 've had an open invite for any House or Senate Republican to come on our show , no matter the week . Out of 80-plus shows , Rep. Tom Price of Georgia  twice  and Rep. Allen West of Florida  once  have accepted our invitations . West sat in my studio and told his press secretary to send an e-mail to every GOP press secretary in the House to tell them that my show was a great forum for them to talk to Black America . None followed his admonition . When Michael Steele was chairman of the Republican National Committee , he did my show several times . Steele told me he went to the GOP House and Senate leadership to tell them they should accept my invites , but none did . Now if the GOP is scared to even come on a TV show that targets blacks , do you actually think they 'll show up in a black community ? If the GOP wants black folks to consider voting for them , they their candidates will have to make an effort to reach out . The distrust is wide and great , but it can be overcome . But doing nothing will get you nowhere , other than guarantee that a strong voting bloc will do all it can to make sure you are defeated at the polls . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Herman Cain said that black voters were "  brainwashed " to support Democrats Roland Martin says Cain is ignoring ample historical reason for that support Republicans had substantial black support but adopted a strategy that spurns them , he says Martin : If GOP wants black support , it has to make its case to black voters
Bucharest , Romania  CNN  -- A Romanian military plane crash near the Tuzla Romania Airport by the Black Sea has killed 11 people , including air force Col. Nicolae Jianu , and injured three more , the Ministry of Defense said Monday . Shortly after takeoff around 5:40 p.m. local time , the Antonov 2 plane with five air force crew members and nine navy paratroopers on board suddenly lost altitude and hit the ground , bursting into flames . The plane belonged to the Romanian air force application school Aurel Vlaicu in Boboc . Jianu was the commanding officer there and a flight instructor , the Defense Ministry said . The AN 2 took off from the Tuzla airfield for a regular training flight , the ministry said . The survivors , an airman and two sailors , have been recovered and taken to a hospital , a ministry spokesman said . The minister of national defense has appointed a commission to investigate the crash , and he and the chief of general staff have expressed their deepest sorrow for the loss of the troops and conveyed their condolences to the grieving families , according to a ministry statement . Jianu was married , with two children . Journalist Cosmin Stan contributed to this report from Romania	NEW : Air force Col. Nicolae Jianu among the dead At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southeastern Romania The plane was being used for parachute training for the Romanian military Romanian defense minister appoints commission to investigate crash
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. government can use lethal force against an American citizen overseas if the person is a senior operational leader of al Qaeda or one of its affiliates , according to a Justice Department memo . The document , provided to select members of Congress last year , provides insights into the Obama administration 's policy of targeted killings carried out by the use of drone strikes against suspected terrorists . Read more : The Danish agent , the Croatian blonde and the CIA plot Several of those strikes have killed Americans , notably Anwar al-Awlaki , the Yemeni American who had been connected to plots against the United States but never charged with a crime . Awlaki died in a drone attack in September 2011 in Yemen . The 16-page white paper -- titled "  Lawfulness of a Lethal Operation Directed Against a U.S. Citizen who is a Senior Operational Leader of Al Qaida or an Associated Force " -- is a policy paper rather than an official legal document . Read more : Anwar al-Awlaki : al Qaeda 's rock star no more The memo was given confidentially to members of the Senate Intelligence and Judiciary committees by the administration last June , Sen. Dianne Feinstein , the intelligence panel chair , said in a statement . NBC News first reported on the contents on Tuesday . A congressional source verified the document 's legitimacy to CNN . Details surfaced just days before the confirmation hearing for John Brennan , who has been nominated to head the CIA . Brennan has served as President Barack Obama 's top counterterrorism adviser and is considered to be behind the administration 's dramatic rise in the use of targeted killings against suspected terror suspects . Members of the Senate Intelligence Committee are expected to grill him on the policy at his hearing on Thursday . The memo stated that Americans abroad retain their constitutional rights to due process , but the government can use lethal force against a citizen under certain circumstances . These include : - "  Where an informed , high-level official of the U.S. government has determined that the targeted individual poses an imminent threat of violent attack against the United States . " - "  Where a capture operation would be infeasible -- and where those conducting the operation continue to monitor whether capture becomes feasible . " - "  Where such an operation would be conducted consistent with applicable law of war principles . " But the document also said the government is not required "  to have clear evidence " that an attack against the United States will occur in the immediate future to determine that an imminent threat is posed by a U.S. citizen . The memo cites both congressional authorization and judicial approval for the use of military force to counter the threat of terrorist attack by all individuals . Amanpour : Grandfather grieves teenage grandson killed by U.S. drone The Supreme Court has held that the military may constitutionally use force against an American who is a part of enemy forces . The document dismissed arguments by commentators that the war against al Qaeda can not extend outside of Afghanistan . It asserted that "  the United States retains its authority to use force against al-Qaeda and associated forces outside the area of active hostilities when it targets a senior operational leader of the enemy force who is actively engaged in planning operations to kill Americans . " The White House said questions around the issue are important and have been weighed against legal concerns and discussed publicly . "  The attorney general made clear that in taking such a strike , the government must take into account all relevant constitutional considerations . But that under generations-old legal principles , and Supreme Court decisions , U.S. citizenship alone does not make a leader of an enemy force immune from being targeted , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said on Tuesday , recalling a speech last year by Attorney General Eric Holder . The American Civil Liberties Union called the Justice Department document "  profoundly disturbing . " Hina Shamsi , the director of the ACLU 's National Security Project , said , "  It summarizes in cold legal terms a stunning overreach of executive authority , the claimed power to declare Americans a threat and kill them far from a recognized battlefield and without any judicial involvement before or after the fact . " Shamsi called on the Obama administration to release the 50-page legal memo on which the white paper is based . A group of senators also called for the administration to release its legal opinions on presidential authority . "  It is vitally important , however , for the Congress and the American public to have a full understanding of how the executive branch interprets the limits and boundaries of this authority so that Congress and the public can decide whether this authority has been properly defined and whether the president 's power to deliberately kill American citizens is subject to appropriate limitations and safeguards , " according to a letter the lawmakers sent to Obama on Monday . The letter is signed by Sens. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , Mark Udall , D-Colorado , and Susan Collins , R-Maine , of the Intelligence Committee as well as Mike Lee , R-Utah ; Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa ; Jeff Merkley , D-Oregon ; Dick Durbin , D-Illinois ; Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont ; Tom Udall , D-New Mexico ; Mark Begich , D-Alaska ; and Al Franken , D-Minnesota . Dianne Feinstein of California said in a statement that the Justice Department memo and other information has permitted the Intelligence Committee to conduct "  appropriate and probing " oversight into the use of lethal force . "  That oversight is ongoing , and the committee continues to seek the actual legal opinions by the Department of Justice that provide details not outlined in this particular white paper , " Feinstein said .	Justice Department memo sets out the conditions for using lethal force The 16-page document is a policy paper , not an official legal document "  Clear evidence " of an imminent attack on the United States is not required NEW : White House says questions weighed against legal concerns , discussed publicly
CNN  -- A few seconds could have made all the difference in the fate of a family who spent three days lost in the snowy California woods , according to the helicopter pilot who found them . Josh and Lexi Dominguez exit a helicopter Wednesday , shortly after being found . The father of the family , Frederick Dominguez , came running out of the culvert where they had sought shelter when family members heard the sound of the California Highway Patrol helicopter Wednesday afternoon . "  Had he not been moving , we would not have seen him , because the tree line was very dense and he came climbing out of the culvert , " helicopter pilot Steve Ward told CNN on Thursday . "  We were just very lucky . " Dominguez had arranged branches to spell the word "  help " near the culvert , but rescuers did n't see that until they were turning the helicopter around after spotting Dominguez . The helicopter was on its way out of the area at that point , trying to get ahead of bad weather . "  The small window of opportunity we had to find them , it was nothing short of a miracle , " paramedic David White , who was riding with Ward , told CNN on Thursday . Watch White and Ward describe the rescue " Dominguez and his three children had been lost in the snow since Sunday , when they set out to cut down a Christmas tree . They sought shelter first in a lean-to they made of branches , then in the culvert under a road . See family 's photos of their ordeal " Dominguez said his daughter Lexi , 14 , was the first to hear the helicopter overhead . He said he ran though several feet of snow barefooted to wave it down . "  When they turned around , man , I was just praising God and saying , ` Thank you , Lord . Thank you , Lord , ' because I knew we had made it , " he said . Thursday , Lexi was hospitalized after complaining that her feet hurt . Trying to protect their cold , wet feet from frostbite was an ongoing problem while the four were lost in the forest . Through their three-day ordeal , the oldest son , Chris , 18 , tried to keep his younger brother and sister optimistic . "  I did n't want them to really lose hope , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday night , hours after the family was rescued . "  Whenever they would freak out , I would just be like , it 's all right . We 're going to make it through this . This is nothing . Like , we have already been here a couple of days . What 's a couple more days ? " Watch the family talk about their "  scary " ordeal " But it was hard to stay hopeful lost in rugged terrain , in heavy snow , with no food and few warm clothes . "  I just remember walking and walking and being like , we 're not going to make it , " said Lexi . "  They ca n't even see us through all this fog . And I just -- there was just a couple of times where I was really , really scared . " "  I did n't think we were going to make it , " said Josh , 12 . They removed their sodden socks in an effort to stay warm and dry while they waited for rescue , according to the rescuers who found them . They warmed their feet inside each other 's shirts to help stave off frostbite . "  You just go to survival mode , " Frederick Dominguez said . "  Every parent would do that . You would do anything , sacrifice yourself , because these are your kids . " Watch mother as she finds out family is safe " While the family huddled in the culvert , Lexi led them in impromptu singalongs . "  Someone would say , sing this song , and I would be like , OK , " she recalled . "  We would all help her , too , " her brother Josh added . Chris told CNN one of the things he would remember most about the experience was "  Lexi in there , in the tunnel , singing her heart out . " The four were reported missing Monday night by Dominguez 's former wife and the children 's mother , Lisa Sams , according to police in Paradise , California , a town of 27,000 people north of Sacramento . Although police found the family 's car , it offered no clues as to where they might have gone . The remote area is beyond the reach of cell phones , authorities have said . More than 80 searchers scoured the woods Wednesday until the four were found about 1 p.m. White said the family was found north of where ground crews were searching . All four appeared to be in good condition as they were brought by chopper to the command post and taken to ambulances . After an emotional reunion with her mother Wednesday night , Lexi felt pain , said Brian Clarke , her mother 's fiancee . "  She woke up in the middle of the night and her feet were hurting her really bad , so I carried her out to the van and Lisa took her to the hospital , " he told CNN . "  She just kept saying , ` I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry . ' I told her she did n't have to be sorry , we just wanted her to get better . " Her brothers have not complained of health problems that require hospitalization , he said . However , doctors asked the other three family members to come in for checkups , said Barbara Mejia , the girlfriend of Frederick Dominguez . Lexi was at Feather River Hospital in Paradise , California , on Thursday , her father said . "  I 'm glad I 'm home . Praise God , " Dominguez told reporters after exiting a chopper at the search command post . "  It was awful . " Asked how he survived , he replied , "  Jesus Christ . " Butte County Search and Rescue dispatcher Madde Watts said , "  They had angels with them , for sure . " Mayor Alan White said he and many others in and around Paradise have cut Christmas trees in the same place where the family vanished . When winter weather sours there , he said , people in the woods can get lost quickly . "  If you 're 50 feet from your car , you might not be able to find it , " he said . "  We were n't prepared at all , " Chris said . "  We just thought we were going to go up to the mountains , get our tree and go back home . It did n't turn out that way . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Doctors ask family to return to hospital for precautionary checkups Lexi Dominguez hospitalized after complaining her feet hurt Family sought shelter from snow in culvert , warmed each other 's frostbitten feet Frederick Dominguez and his 3 children set out Sunday to cut Christmas tree
Washington  CNN  -- Aside from a moral obligation , improving the health of people in other nations is smart foreign policy , former President Clinton said Wednesday . "  We live in an interdependent world in which we have learned the hard way that no matter how brilliantly our forces perform , we can not kill , jail or occupy all of our adversaries , " he told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in discussing why the issue of global health should be important to the United States . "  We have to build a world with more partners and fewer adversaries , " Clinton said . "  That 's what foreign policy 's about . ... If people think you care whether their children live or die , you do n't have to send our young people off to war as often . " He and Bill Gates , chairman of Microsoft and co-chairman of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , testified on global health before the committee . Clinton established the William J. Clinton Foundation , which works on global programs including the Clinton HIV/AIDS Initiative . In his opening remarks , Committee Chairman John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , said that U.S. work on global health issues should be strongly bipartisan , such as President George W. Bush 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief and the reauthorization of the measure in 2008 . Kerry also said the Obama administration 's proposed global health initiative has identified principles that should guide U.S. thinking on the matter : Looking beyond the "  vertical silo " of any one disease ; focusing on women and girls , who are at the "  center of each family 's health " ; and empowering other countries to eventually assume full responsibility for their citizens ' care . Kerry said the administration is "  finalizing " the initiative . "  A strong global public health system is not merely a favor we do for other countries , " Kerry said . "  It is the right thing to do morally and strategically , and it protects our own citizens . " Gates and Clinton acknowledged budget restraints in providing care to people around the world but said the work was important . Gates said he hoped that Congress will be able to increase the funding for vaccine allocation and for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , a financial organization that organizes and distributes resources to fight the diseases . "  This is very , very important work . We have evidence about the great impact that these investments have . We have a chance to increase them and make them more effective , " Gates said .	Ex-president , Bill Gates testify before Senate Foreign Relations Committee They talked about why global health should be important to U.S. "  We have to build a world with more partners and fewer adversaries , " Clinton says
Brussels  CNN  Soldiers stood guard outside the Jewish Museum in central Brussels on Saturday , as Belgium joined France in deploying its military alongside police to counter the threat of potential terror attacks . Security has been stepped up across Europe in the wake of last week 's shootings in Paris and a sweeping Belgian counterterror operation two days ago that left two suspects dead in the city of Verviers . An attack at the Jewish Museum in Brussels last year by an accused gunman suspected of having joined ISIS in Syria left four people dead . Soldiers in camouflage gear and police could also be seen by the Great Synagogue of Europe in Brussels and some roads in the area were closed to traffic . Troops have been deployed in Belgium 's largest city , Antwerp , to protect its Jewish district . The move follows a series of police raids that authorities said targeted a terror cell on the brink of carrying out an attack against police officers . Defense Minister Steven Vandeput told a news conference that besides Jewish sites , a number of embassies in Brussels were being protected , including those of the United States , Israel and Britain . Belgium has deployed 150 troops so far in Brussels and Antwerp , he said . That number could be increased by another 150 in the coming days and could be extended to other cities in Belgium , depending on police requests . The military personnel are supporting the police and are under their command , Vandeput said . Belgium 's security council is expected to review the national threat level and security measures next week . Vandeput told journalists it was the first time in 35 years that the military had been deployed on the streets of Belgium . Overall , authorities made 17 arrests related to the Belgium threat -- 13 in Belgium and four at two locations in France . Three people remained in custody and two were released under strict conditions Saturday in Belgium , the prosecutor 's office said . The others were released . In addition , Belgium is seeking the extradition of two Belgian nationals arrested in France . In a sign of the widening scope of the threat , police in Greece said they are conducting an investigation in connection with the Belgian terror plot . A police spokesman would not specify whether anyone had been taken into custody , saying , "  We are not in a position to comment at this point . " Meanwhile , France has deployed more than 10,000 troops alongside thousands of police officers as it responds to the deadly attacks in Paris last week , in which 17 people were killed . A total of 122,000 police officers , gendarmes and military personnel are deployed as part of the security plan , Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said Friday . There are 12 people in custody in the Paris region in connection with the investigation there , according to the Paris prosecutor 's office . A number have been arrested and then released . Two men in their early 40s were also arrested Friday in Berlin on suspicion of links to ISIS , police said . They did not appear to have been planning attacks in Germany and the police operation had been planned for some weeks . European counterterrorism agencies are scrambling to assess the potential terrorism threat from people with suspected links to Islamic extremists . As many as 20 sleeper cells of between 120 and 180 people could be ready to strike in France , Germany , Belgium and the Netherlands , a Western intelligence source told CNN . European Union and Middle East intelligence agencies identified an "  imminent threat " to Belgium , and possibly to the Netherlands , the source told CNN . "  There is a tremendous amount of concern over sleeper cells in Europe , " said a Western official with direct knowledge of the situation . However , the Netherlands said it was not raising its terror threat level , currently at "  substantial , " the second-highest level -- where it has been since March 2013 . "  That means there is a realistic threat , but no concrete or specific information of an attack in the Netherlands , " said Edmond Messchaert , a government spokesman . One of the two gunmen who attacked France 's Charlie Hebdo magazine , Said Kouachi , was buried overnight in his hometown of Reims , France , his lawyer , Antoine Flacaquier said . Said Kouachi 's wife was there , but no other family members -- and there was no imam present , Flacaquier told CNN affiliate BFM on Saturday . Kouachi was buried in an unmarked grave , Flacaquier said . His brother Cherif Kouachi 's widow , Izzana Kouachi , had requested that both brothers be buried in Gennevilliers , on the outskirts of Paris . The Gennevilliers mayor 's office told CNN that the city was obliged by law to bury Cherif Kouachi there , as he was a resident of the city . But a spokesman for the mayor , Jean-Francois Boye , said that it would not do the same for Said , because he lived in Reims . The two suspects killed in Belgium were shot during a police raid on a building in the eastern city of Verviers on Thursday , Belgian authorities said . A third suspect was injured and taken into custody in the operation . Authorities have not yet confirmed their identities . Federal prosecutor Eric Van Der Sypt said Friday that 13 people were arrested in a dozen ensuing anti-terror raids overnight . "  This group for what we know now was specifically targeting Belgium police and planned to kill Belgium police on the streets or in buildings where Belgium police is housed , " he told CNN . "  We always have to take into account that there is a possibility that people who go to Syria and come back have plans to commit terrorist attacks . When possible , we try to monitor and we try to follow up these people and especially those who we think could be a threat , but like I said , a zero threat is impossible . " He said the Belgian authorities were already doing all they could to manage the threat . The suspected terror cell , which included people returning from Syria , planned to target police officers , Van Der Sypt said . Police said they recovered weapons , bomb-making materials and police uniforms . Two people suspected of involvement with the alleged terror cell in Verviers were detained trying to cross from France into Italy through the Frejus tunnel , a spokesman for Belgium 's federal prosecutor 's office said . The attacks in Paris began on January 7 , when Said and Cherif Kouachi raided Charlie Hebdo magazine , killing 12 people . A day later , gunman Amedy Coulibaly -- who purportedly was affiliated with ISIS -- shot a policewoman in the south of Paris . Coulibaly killed four more people he had held hostage at a kosher supermarket . Police shot him and the Kouachi brothers dead on January 9 . Security officials have since been working to track those with links to the three attackers . How the Kouachi brothers were radicalized Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , al Qaeda 's Yemen affiliate , claimed responsibility Wednesday for the Charlie Hebdo shooting . One or both the Kouachi brothers are thought to have traveled to Yemen . Sectarian turmoil in Yemen is bolstering al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's  AQAP  local recruitment , and buying it space for attacks against the West , according to one Western diplomat . AQAP 's claimed involvement in the Charlie Hebdo attack has turned the spotlight on Yemen and potential connections between jihadists there and in France . A Yemeni official briefed on security matters told CNN that two Frenchmen had been detained a few months ago as they tried to leave the country . They were "  suspected of offering logistical support to AQAP in the south , " the official said , adding that they were not thought to be offering to fight . He said officials were assessing whether to charge the men or what their next step would be . ISIS , the extremist Islamist group that controls swathes of Iraq and Syria , may present an even greater threat . Officials are monitoring groups of men who have returned from fighting in Syria . It is believed ISIS directed operatives to return to Europe to launch attacks in retaliation for airstrikes against the terror group in Syria and Iraq , according to the official . Several European nations , including the United Kingdom , France , Belgium and the Netherlands , are participating in the air campaign against ISIS in Iraq . ISIS runs large training facilities in Syria , has deep pockets , and access to thousands of potential European recruits . CNN 's Ivan Watson reported from Brussels and Tim Lister from Paris , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Antonia Mortensen , Nick Paton Walsh , Deborah Feyerick , Paul Cruickshank , Susannah Palk and Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report . Journalist Elinda Labropoulou in Athens also contributed .	Greece police investigating connection to Belgian terror plot . Defense minister says military deployment is first on Belgium 's streets for 35 years Belgian soldiers are protecting Jewish sites , embassies , amid a heightened terror threat
Moscow  CNN  -- A suspect has been detained in connection with the murder of a Russian TV anchor who worked for the "  360 Moscow region " TV station , Russia 's Investigative Committee said Wednesday Andrey Rybakin 's body was found on Tuesday evening , the TV station 's chief executive , Vyacheslav Dukhin , said . The 25-year-old had apparently been murdered a few days before in his Moscow apartment . Russia 's Investigative Committee said on its website that the man detained was a friend of Rybakin who is suspected of killing the journalist after an argument at the apartment . Rybakin had his own show based on humorous video clips from vehicle dashboard cameras , Dukhin said . The devices are very popular in Russia . "  Andrey was a talented journalist , and a kind man , " said Dukhin . "  This is a very sad loss for us . " Russian television reporter killed in Ukraine CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	A man is detained over the murder of a Russian TV anchor The body of Andrey Rybakin was found on Tuesday , his station 's chief executive says Rybakin was the host of a TV show based on dashboard cam clips
CNN  -- Nineteen political prisoners were released by the government of Myanmar over the weekend , the human rights group Amnesty International reported Tuesday . Protesters demand democracy for Myanmar at a demonstration in New Delhi , India earlier this month . Among those released was Ma Khin Khin Leh , who was serving a life sentence because her husband , a student activist , had helped plan a protest demonstration in Bago in July 1999 , according to Amnesty International USA 's Web blog Authorities prevented the demonstration from taking place , but took the woman and her three-year-old daughter into custody after failing to find her husband , Amnesty International said . The child was released after five days but her mom , a 33-year-old school teacher , was sentenced to life in prison . "  Even by the normally harsh standards of ` justice ' meted out by Myanmar 's military government , the life sentence given to Ma Khin Khin Leh was extreme , " the human rights organization said . She was designated one of Amnesty International USA 's priority cases . She was released with 18 others "  widely considered to be political prisoners , " Amnesty International said . Myanmar 's military rulers have been widely condemned for their alleged human rights abuses . Pro-democracy leader and Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi has been confined in her home for 12 of the past 18 years . Her last house arrest began in 2003 and has been periodically renewed . In October 2007 , clashes erupted between pro-democracy demonstrators and government security forces . As many as 110 people are believed to have been killed in that crackdown , including 40 Buddhist monks . The protests were sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government , and quickly escalated . Myanmar 's military junta said in mid-October that it had detained more than 2,900 people amid the clashes . In September 2008 , Amnesty International reported that Myanmar , also called Burma , had released seven dissidents , among them U Win Tin , a journalist and senior official in the opposition National League for Democracy who had been imprisoned for 19 years .	School teacher among 19 political prisoners freed in Myanmar , Amnesty says Ma Khin Khin Leh sentenced to life in 1999 after her husband planned a protest Myanmar 's military rulers are widely condemned for alleged human rights abuses Pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi still confined to home
CNN  -- Rebel leader Laurent Nkunda wants to merge his forces with the Democratic Republic of Congo 's army as part of a peace agreement , a mediator said Monday . Rebel leader Laurent Nkunda has urged the Congolese government to find ways to protect minority groups . Former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo told reporters that talks between Nkunda and Congo 's government are progressing . Nakunda "  has made demands that I do not consider outrageous and demands that the government of Congo can meet , " said Obasanjo . The rebel leader has also urged the Congo government to find ways to protect minority groups in the country , Obasanjo said . Obasanjo , a U.N. special envoy , said the ongoing talks may quell violence in the country . More negotiations have been scheduled for Friday . The recent fighting has prompted the U.N. Security Council to approve sending more than 3,000 troops in coming weeks to bolster the 17,000-strong peacekeeping force already there . The goal is to stop the violence that has deepened the stark humanitarian crisis in North Kivu province of Congo . The fighting has displaced an estimated 250,000 people many who have fled to refugee camps . Fighting broke out in eastern Congo at the end of August between government forces and Nkunda 's rebels . The fighting is spurred by lingering tensions over the 1994 slaughter of ethnic Tutsis by majority Hutus in neighboring Rwanda . Nkunda says his forces are fighting to defend Congolese Tutsis from Hutu militants who escaped to Congo .	Rebel leader Laurent Nkunda wants to meld his forces with army , mediator reports Talks progressing between Democratic Republic of Congo and Nkunda Recent fighting spurs U.N. to approve sending more than 3,000 troops to nation Goal is to relieve humanitarian crisis resulting from fighting in North Kivu province
The Obama administration has unveiled a plan to spend millions of dollars to stem the tide of undocumented children streaming across the U.S.-Mexico border , announcing a coordinated government-wide response to the situation Friday . The plan includes almost $ 100 million in aid to the Central American governments of Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador to help reintegrate the illegal migrants whom the United States will send back , and to help keep them in their home countries , according to a White House statement . The administration also announced it will set aside $ 161.5 million this year for the Central American Regional Security Initiative  CARSI  programs because the programs "  are critical to enabling Central American countries to respond to the region 's most pressing security and governance challenges . " "  Our assistance will help stem migration flows as well as address the root cause of the migration , " the statement said . The Obama administration has accused syndicates in Latin America of waging a deliberate campaign of misinformation that has caused people in poor Central American countries and Mexico to risk their lives to head for the United States , where they expect to stay . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said the administration is addressing the problem in several ways . "  We 're going to open up some additional detention facilities that can accommodate adults that show up on the border with their children . And we 're going to deploy some additional resources to work through their immigration cases more quickly , so they 're not held in that detention facility for a long time , and hopefully be quickly returned to their home country , " Earnest said . Earnest said the administration is also working with Central American countries to address the problem at its root . "  Some of that is an information campaign and countering this intentional misinformation campaign that 's being propagated by criminal syndicates . But also working through a host of USAID programs and the host governments , or the governments in these countries to try to meet some of the citizens ' security needs that are so acute in these countries right now . Biden meets with Central American leaders Vice President Joe Biden traveled to Guatemala on Friday for talks with Central American leaders as part of the White House strategy . A large number of the recent surge of undocumented children , 29 % , are from Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador , according to the government . Biden 's objective in the meeting with leaders from Guatemala , Honduras , El Salvador and Mexico was to emphasize that "  children and adults arriving with their children  in the U.S.  are not eligible to benefit from the passage of immigration reform legislation or from the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals  DACA  process . " Most of the children crossing the border would not qualify for "  amnesty " under the federal DACA program that defers deportation for children brought to the United States previously by their parents or guardians illegally . Biden spoke with Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez during his flight to Guatemala . He asked Hernandez to work closely with the other leaders to help develop a plan to address the root causes of unlawful migration from Central America , according to a statement from the office of the vice president . The vice president discussed the same topics in a meeting in Guatemala later with Guatemalan President Otto Pérez Molina , President Salvador Sánchez Cerén of El Salvador , and representatives from the Honduran and Mexican governments . Obama administration unveils new response Biden 's visit to Central America was part of the Obama administration 's response to what it calls an "  urgent humanitarian situation . " U.S. authorities estimate that between 60,000 and 80,000 children without parents will cross the border this year alone . The majority of the children apprehended by the U.S. Border Patrol along the southwest border this month have been concentrated in the Rio Grande Valley sector of Texas , according to a congressional advisory Friday . As of June 18 , 3,103 unaccompanied children from 11 countries were in U.S. Customs and Border Protection custody along that border , the majority being from Honduras , El Salvador , Mexico and Guatemala , the advisory said . The federal government does not have the processing capabilities to handle this kind of influx of illegal human traffic . But the Obama administration has now coordinated a governmentwide response to the crisis . The new plan announced Friday includes a big influx of spending to the USAID program , including $ 40 million dollars to Guatemala to improve security , $ 25 million to El Salvador to help with a crime and violence prevention program and at-risk youth , and $ 18.5 million to the Central American Regional Security Initiative in Honduras for crime and gang prevention efforts . The Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security are also taking additional steps to try and mitigate the still unfolding immigration crisis . The agencies are "  surging government enforcement resources to increase  the  capacity to detain individuals and adults who bring their children with them and to handle immigration court hearings as quickly and efficiently as possible while also while protecting those who are seeking asylum . " "  This is an extraordinary interagency effort to deal with an urgent humanitarian situation , " said Cecilia Muñoz , the White House director of domestic policy , in a conference call on the new administration plan . Opponents of the Obama administration remain skeptical of the immigration policies leading to the boarder crossings of minors . On Friday , Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin toured a temporary shelter at Fort Sill housing about 600 unaccompanied minors -- ages 12 to 17 -- who crossed the United States ' southern border illegally . Fallin criticized President Barack Obama for the "  lax immigration policies that have lead to an illegal immigration crisis . " "  This facility is designed for our soldiers to train and prepare to protect our nation , " said Fallin . "  Instead , the federal government is using it as a cross between a boarding school and detention center for illegal immigrants . President Obama should not be using our military facilities as a tool to cover up his failed immigration policies . " The Obama administration aims to close the Fort Sill housing facility for undocumented children in the next 120 days . Crossroads of hope and fear : Stories from a desert bus station Texas touts ` surge ' at Mexican border to confront illegal immigration	Unaccompanied children come from as many as 11 different countries New response plan includes $ 250 million for Central American governments As many as 80,000 children without parents will cross the border this year , U.S. estimates VP Joe Biden holds meeting in Guatemala with regional leaders
CNN  -- A late strike from Samir Nasri , set up by the returning Carlos Tevez , helped Manchester City maintain their quest for a first English league title in 44 years with a 2-1 win over Chelsea on Wednesday . The France international collected a clever reverse pass from Tevez , making his first appearance in five months after falling out with manager Roberto Mancini , to score an 86th-minute winner . City had trailed to Gary Cahill 's deflected strike until Sergio Aguero leveled the match from the penalty spot with 12 minutes remaining . The victory maintains City 's 100 % record in home league matches this season and draws them within a point of Premier League leaders and bitter rivals Manchester United . The buildup to the match was dominated by the return of Tevez , who had n't featured for City since refusing to warm up during a Champions League clash with Bayern Munich back in September . He took his place on the bench to a mixture of boos and applause , and he was called upon in the 66th minute after Cahill had pounced on a loose ball in the area to fire a shot into the net via an inadvertent flick from Yaya Toure . But when Pablo Zabaleta 's shot hit the arm of Chelsea substitute Michael Essien , City were handed a lifeline and Argentina striker Aguero slotted home the spot kick . Then Tevez played a cute one-two with Nasri , and the midfielder dinked the ball over Chelsea keeper Petr Cech to secure a vital win . On a dramatic night in England 's top flight , Tottenham surrendered third place to Arsenal after being held 1-1 at home by Stoke . Taking to the field for the first time since Saturday 's FA Cup quarterfinal clash with Bolton was abandoned due to Fabrice Muamba 's cardiac arrest , Tottenham 's poor form continued . The London side had to rely on an injury-time goal from Netherlands international Rafael Van der Vaart to salvage a draw after striker Cameron Jerome had put City in front . Arsenal leapfrogged their north London rivals with a 1-0 win at Everton , as defender Thomas Vermaelen 's eighth-minute goal put the Gunners a point clear . Chelsea stayed fifth , losing ground on both Tottenham and Arsenal in the race to finish in the fourth and final European Champions League qualification spot . Liverpool 's hopes of finishing fourth are all but over after squandering a two-goal lead to lose 3-2 to relegation threatened Queens Park Rangers . Uruguay international Sebastian Coates put Liverpool ahead with a superb volley early on before Dirk Kuyt made it 2-0 on 72 minutes . But Rangers hit back with three goals in the last 14 minutes , from Shaun Derry , former Liverpool striker Djibril Cisse and Jamie Mackie . The result kept Liverpool seven points behind Chelsea , while QPR moved out of the relegation zone , moving one point clear of Bolton .	Samir Nasri 's late goal helps Manchester City to a dramatic 2-1 win over Chelsea Carlos Tevez sets up winning goal as City move within one point of leaders Man Utd Arsenal move into third after beating Everton 1-0 while Tottenham and Stoke drew 1-1 Liverpool squander two-goal lead to lose 3-2 at Queens Park Rangers
CNN  -- Uncertainty over the fate of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 was further compounded Saturday by reports that two men whose names matched those on the passenger manifest had reported their passports stolen . Malaysian authorities apparently did not check the stolen documents on an international law enforcement agency database , CNN has learned . After the airline released a manifest of the 239 people on the plane , Austria denied that one of its citizens was on the flight as the list had stated . The Austrian citizen was safe and sound , and his passport had been stolen two years ago , Austrian Foreign Ministry spokesman Martin Weiss said . Similarly , Italy 's foreign ministry confirmed that no Italians were on the flight , even though an Italian was listed on the manifest . Malaysian officials said they were aware of reports that the Italian 's passport was also stolen but had not confirmed it . On Saturday , Italian police visited the home of the parents of Luigi Maraldi , the man whose name appeared on the manifest , to inform them about the missing flight , said a police official in Cesena , in northern Italy . Maraldi 's father , Walter , told police that he had just spoken to his son , who was fine and not on the missing flight , said the official , who is not authorized to speak to the media . Maraldi was vacationing in Thailand , his father said . The police official said that Maraldi had reported his passport stolen in Malaysia last August and had obtained a new one . U.S. law enforcement sources , however , told CNN they 've been told that both documents were stolen in Thailand . Still , the missing passports raised concerns about the possibility of terrorism . A law enforcement official Saturday told CNN that various U.S. government agencies were briefed about the passports . The names of the persons whose passports were stolen have been circulated and checked , the official said . There 's nothing at this point to indicate foul play on their part . The National Transportation Safety Board announced late Saturday that a team of its investigators was en route to Asia to help with the investigation , the agency said . "  They will be positioned to offer U.S. assistance , " the NTSB said of the team , which also includes technical advisers from Boeing and the Federal Aviation Administration . Plane bore painters , pilgrims , others from around the world FBI help The FBI is ready to send agents to Asia if requested by the Malaysian government , but no agents have been sent yet , U.S. officials familiar with the issue told CNN on Saturday night on condition of anonymity . Earlier Saturday , an official said FBI agents were heading to the area . U.S. authorities have not ruled out terrorism -- or anything else -- as a cause of the airliner 's disappearance . CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director , was told by sources at Interpol , which keeps a database of lost or stolen travel documents , that the stolen Italian passport was in the agency 's database . The reportedly stolen Austrian passport was not . Malaysian authorities apparently did not check Interpol 's database , sources told Fuentes . "  Interpol 's database has 39 million records of stolen travel documents at the present time , " he said . "  One billion passengers a year board international flights where there 's no inquiry made of that database . So it leaves an opening . " Referring to the stolen documents , Fuentes added , "  You wonder who was using it ? What were their motives ? Were they using it to check luggage in that matched the tickets , and maybe the luggage contained explosives ? So , it 's a great concern when people use false documents to board international aircraft . " Traces of oil spotted near area plane lost contact A U.S. intelligence official said authorities had established "  no nexus to terrorism yet although that 's by no means definitive . We 're still tracking . " Malaysian authorities reiterated during a news conference that they are not ruling anything out regarding the missing aircraft . In the United States , Fuentes said , passports are routinely checked against the Interpol database . "  Even in the United states , we have a tremendous problem with our documentation , our driver 's licenses , " said Mary Schiavo , former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation . "  Everything can be forged and faked here . We certainly have a problem with that as well . But that 's why you have the various checklists to check against and had they been identified as stolen passports ... there was a way to flag them in advance . That 's what is disturbing , as it apparently was n't checked . " China mystery Schiavo also expressed surprise that two potentially stolen passports may have been used to board the flight . "  It 's rare that you have one stolen passport , much less two stolen passports on a flight . It 's starting to look like more than a coincidence , " she said . She added it was especially surprising given the destination of the flight was Beijing . "  American citizens have to have visas ... and you ca n't get on board the plane without showing the visa , " she explained . "  For a stolen passport , stolen two years ago -- these visas only last for a certain amount of time . So , did they  the authorities  not check ? Did Beijing not clear or have to issue a visa ? There are a lot of questions about these passports because the destination was Beijing . " First officer was transitioning to 777-200s Safest part of flight No one is sure what happened to the plane . Air traffic controllers lost track of it after it left Kuala Lumpur , the capital of Malaysia , on its way to Beijing on Friday . The plane was cruising during what experts consider to be the safest part of the journey when it vanished . Greg Feith , a former investigator with the National Transportation Safety Board , said there were multiple scenarios of what could have gone wrong , including structural problems with the wings or fuselage . "  Of course , you also have to look at in that part of the world and around the world there is still a potential for a terrorist act or an intentional act that could have rendered the airplane incapacitated , " he said . He added : "  Whatever happened , happened very quickly . For them to have lost two-way radio communication with  air traffic control  , two-way radio communication with the company , and to lose any kind of radar data with ground control facilities means that the airplane was compromised in a very quick manner and it may have been well beyond the control of the crew to keep the airplane under control and make any kind of emergency distress call or emergency landing . " How a jet goes missing CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome , Jim Sciutto in Washington , Shimon Prokupecz and Pamela Brown contributed to this report .	NEW : The NTSB is sending a team to Asia to be "  positioned to offer U.S. assistance " Sources say 1 of 2 stolen passports used on flight was on law enforcement database Malaysian authorities did not check passports on Interpol database , sources say The stolen passports raise concerns about the possibility of terrorism
CNN  -- Before this week , the last time the Chicago Teachers Union went on strike was September 8 , 1987 . It lasted until October 3 , during which officials , teachers and parents clashed in the city 's longest teachers strike ever . After it ended , I called the Chicago school system the worst in the country . "  I 'm not sure there 's a system as bad as the Chicago system " were my exact words as U.S. secretary of education . The Chicago school system was a failure . Half of Chicago 's 64 public high schools scored in the bottom 1 % of schools on the ACT , an old metric used by many colleges for admissions . " Forty-six percent of Chicago teachers send their children to private schools , " I noted then , too . " The people who know the product best send their children elsewhere . " In spite of this , the teachers union had the gall to demand a 10 % raise with a 5 % raise to follow the next year . After a month of jawing , they eventually wrangled a 4 % raise the first year , with the second year determined by funding from elsewhere . Twenty-five years later , and in the midst of another teachers strike , it does n't look like much has improved in Chicago . Today , the 26,000 members of the Chicago Teachers Union are on strike because they ca n't accept a 16 % raise over four years , tougher testing and accountability standards , and non-automatic rehiring . Once again , the Chicago Teachers Union is showing its true colors : self-serving public sector bullies more interested in their well-being than the well-being of students . Consider that public school teachers in Chicago make an average of $ 71,000 a year , while a majority of the roughly 350,000 public school students , overwhelmingly minority students , receive free or discounted school meals , meaning they are at or near the poverty line . What do these well-paid teachers bestow on the poor children and families of Chicago ? Nearly 80 % of eighth-graders in Chicago public schools are not proficient in reading or math , according to the U.S. Department of Education . In fact , little has improved in Chicago since the 1987 strike . Neil Steinberg of the Chicago Sun-Times points out that "  In 1987 , 43 % of incoming Chicago freshmen would drop out of high school without graduating . Today 's drop-out rate is 39.4 % , the lowest it has ever been . " A dropout rate of nearly four students in 10 is a national disgrace . For 25 years , Chicago 's teachers ' unions have held the city 's parents and students hostage while morally and financially bankrupting the city . Chicago public schools are $ 665 million in debt , and that debt is expected to exceed $ 1 billion next year . For 25 years , the union has blocked and impeded educational progress . The time for change is long overdue . For decades , conservative education reformers like myself have been pushing for performance pay , strict accountability , flexible rehiring practices for school principals and longer school days to improve our public schools . Now , Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Secretary of Education Arne Duncan , through the Race to the Top grant requirements , are trying to implement similar measures in Chicago 's public schools . Duncan , whom I sometimes agree with , and Emanuel , whom I almost never agree with , both seem to be taking the traditionally conservative side of this issue . We have in Chicago a battle for the soul of the Democratic Party . Will Emanuel and Duncan succeed in curtailing the long-term ally and bulwark of the Democratic Party , the teachers union , or will the Chicago Teachers Union and its leader , Karen Lewis , once again strong-arm their own party for their own interests ? A teacher 's view from the picket lines President Obama has been noticeably silent . He should n't be . The nation deserves to know whether his allegiances lie with his political allies in the public sector unions or with Emanuel and Duncan . This power struggle will reveal much about the constitution of the modern Democratic Party . If Emanuel wins , the effects would be felt throughout the large , predominantly Democratic inner-city school districts across the country . For one of the first times in recent history , Democrats would stand up to their own entrenched inner-city public sector teachers unions . Should Emanuel lose , teachers unions will grow only stronger and more brazen , and the city of Chicago and its children and families may be set back for another 25 years . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Bennett .	William Bennett : Chicago teachers last went on strike in 1987 , and schools were a mess Little has improved , he says . Dropout rate near 40 % ; students not proficient in math or reading Teachers reject 16 % raise over 4 years despite system 's $ 665 million debt , he writes Bennett : Democrats should back Emanuel in his bid to curtail teachers union
Finding the most famous chimpanzees in the world is a task that would test the most intrepid of explorers . Reaching the picturesque hinterland of Gombe Stream National Park in Tanzania is just the start . A two-hour boat ride across the vast waters of Lake Tanganyika follows . Finally , we disembark and begin to trek through the dense forests of Gombe for a further hour before the chimps in question are finally glimpsed . Peering through branches towards the canopies , we spy a mother and her two young boys feasting on palm nuts . It was close to this spot in 1960 that the Jane Goodall , the British primatologist widely regarded as the world 's foremost expert on chimpanzees , began her near 55-year study of one specially selected chimp family . Goodall , now 80 years old , would sit for hours and observe the complex social structures and interactions of her subjects . The research of that one family and the subsequent generations it has spawned continues to this day , providing ever more fascinating insights into the behavior of the closest living relatives of human beings . The magic of Gombe "  The magic of Gombe is two factors , " said Emily Boehm , a PhD candidate at the Jane Goodall Institute Research Center , here to study the chimps . "  It 's the opportunity to be here with a well-habituated group of chimpanzees , to come into the forest every day with knowledgeable field assistants . It 's  also  the long term data , because Jane Goodall started this study in the early 60s . " "  We have this incredible opportunity to know the chimps here now , and also their mothers and fathers and their grandmothers and all this incredible information that we have on them . " Researchers like Emily come from all over the world to study the chimps at Gombe . There are an estimated 100 chimpanzees there today , broken up into three different communities . The group Goodall studied has the most , with around 60 members . Meat eaters Even after 50-plus years , researchers are still surprised by what they learn . Before the program began , chimpanzees were thought to be herbivores but Goodall saw them hunting monkeys and eating meat . This is a trait we observe as we watch a group of chimps track Colobus monkeys swinging in the trees above them . We also see another industrious bunch fashion tools to try dislodge termites from beneath a mound . According to senior researcher at the Jane Goodall Foundation , Dr Anthony Collins , activities like these display a high level of intelligence . "  They 're so much like humans . There are so many similarities in what they do , the relationships they have to each other , just all kinds of ways , there are subtle communications between them , " Collins said . He points to the example of how chimps will look to reconcile and embrace one another after a fight or confrontation . "  They have reassurance and forgiveness of things which go wrong , " he said . Human threat Despite the behavioral and genetic similarities , however , the chimps proximity to rural human settlements can often be problematic and detrimental to their own well-being . "  In some places that they live , there are lions , leopards , pythons . But on the whole , probably their main enemy is something like me , humans , " Collins continued . "  Some  people hunt chimps for eating , some places they get bits of chimps for cures , even witchcraft , and for a while there was a trade in baby chimps for their medical research and things like circuses and zoos . " In the dense forest and woodlands of Gombe , chimpanzees and other species are protected from the most destructive aspects of human behavior . But that 's not always the case in other sectors of the Tanzanian bush where large swathes of land have been transformed for agricultural purposes . This has resulted in a huge number of trees being cut down that would otherwise offer shelter for communities of chimpanzees . Sadly , the best habitats for chimps are often also the best habitat for the likes of nomadic herders . Sustainable farming Recognizing these problems , the Jane Goodall Institute is working to teach the local population about sustainable farming so the forest is preserved . Through the Gombe-Masito Program , they aim to show villagers that sustainable agricultural techniques can bring both more income and a more vibrant habitat for all species . Preventing deforestation also has the knock on effect of ensuring sediments from the forest continue to run into Lake Tanganyika , maintaining the finely balanced ecosystem beneath the water and the trade of the fisherman in lakeside communities as a result . These deep environmental connections are enough to convince some that chimpanzees are key to the future of rural Tanzania . "  In my opinion , chimps are important for the country 's economic growth , " said Aristides Aloice Kashula , a Gombe-Masito Program forest officer . "  They can be used as a national symbol for tourist attraction into this area of Tanzania , generating income which should later be used for sustainable development of the communities . " "  They are also important in that their habitat , if well conserved , can act as good vegetation covering for the forest . " "  But also again , chimps are a global species , so they have to be kept for generations and generation to come . " That 's a sentiment that Jane Goodall herself would be sure to endorse .	Gombe Stream National Park in Tanzania home to a very special group of chimpanzees Chimps here have been under observation for 55 years by primatologist Jane Goodall Length of study means wealth of data and scientific infrastructure without parallel Jane Goodall Foundation looking to preserve ecosystem of Gombe and surrounding areas
CNN  -- The Irish government ordered a recall Saturday of all pork products linked to pigs slaughtered in Ireland , after laboratory tests found the presence of dioxins in animal feed and pork fat samples . Preliminary evidence gathered by Ireland 's Food Safety Authority indicated that the contamination likely started in September , the government said in a statement . The Food Safety Authority advised consumers not to consume Irish pork and bacon products for the time being . The government is now trying to determine the scope of the contamination . Dioxins are environmental contaminants , often present in industrial waste . Most dioxin exposure occurs through diet , with more than 95 percent coming from the consumption of animal fats , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . Dioxin levels in food are regulated . Dr Tony Holohan , Ireland 's Chief Medical Officer , said that the dioxin usually impacts the nervous system and liver in comments reported by the UK Press Association . Holohan added that the dioxin would only be perilous through prolonged exposure . The agency reported that an animal feed ingredient supplied by one business to 40-plus farms is regarded as the likely cause of the dioxin by experts , and that tests revealed the dioxin polychlorinated biphenyls to be 80 to 200 times above the acceptable safety level .	Food scare in Ireland after dioxins found in animal feed and pork fat samples Government evaluating extent of contamination , risk only via prolonged exposure Media : Government says level of dioxins were 80 to 200 times above acceptable level
CNN  -- If England 's netballers are going to realize their goal of becoming the world 's finest team , they 're going to have to get nasty . No longer does Jo Harten want her colleagues to be out-muscled by their Antipodean cousins , who have ruled the roost at the sport 's top table for many years . England 's goalscoring hotshot thinks if her team can ally that physicality to an equally sturdy mentality , their aim of being world champions before the decade is out is within grasp . "  The likes of Australia and New Zealand , they can really take each other out , and as an English team we 're striving for that , " Harten told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I think in terms of mental and physical it 's changing as the game progresses . The international scene is getting harder ; you have to be physically prepared to get knocked to the ground for every ball . "  At the moment , as an English team we 're trying to build our confidence and work on the mental side of our game to really try and get up there to be one or two in the world . " England have firmly established themselves as the world 's third best team , and have now reached a stage where they are nipping at the heels of the two titans in front of them . A landmark 3-0 series whitewash over the current world champions Australia earlier this year was a mark of their progress , and a sign of the sport 's resurgence in England . Heftier funding and a sustained drive to boost participation has seen people flood back to the sport , reflected in the prowess of the national team . Now , after bronze medals at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and 2011 World Championships , England want to gatecrash the duopoly that has held firm since the 1960s . No other nation has won the world title , except when there was a three-way tie with Trinidad and Tobago in 1979 , while second-ranked New Zealand will defend the Commonwealth crown in Glasgow next year . A lot of England 's hopes will rest on Harten , who already has 50 caps to her name at the age of 24 , as the focal point of their attack . "  The challenge is that we 're third in the world as an English team , and we want to be number one in the world , " Harten explains . "  I think Australia and New Zealand have this monopoly over netball , and as an English team we 're really trying to change and break the mold at the moment . "  We 've started new training programs , we 've started to beat the best teams in the world , but now it 's for us to consistently start to do that , and that 's a big challenge . " A netball team consists of seven players , with restrictions on each in terms of where they can roam on court . Played at a fast pace , players can only take two steps when holding the ball and are only allowed to be in possession for a maximum three seconds . Speed of thought and fleet of foot are essential , as is teamwork . As "  Goal Shooter , " Harten is only allowed in the final third of the court and must rely on her teammates to supply the bullets . "  The main thing for us is working as a team on and off the court , week in week out , " she says . "  You need to have outstanding team work because only two people can shoot , so getting the ball from defense to attack is all about how the team can control the pace , control what the opposition are doing as well . "  We just started a new program , so we 're seeing each other every week on a regular basis . That really helps our combinations on the court ; we do gym training together , running together and obviously tactical stuff together . "  The more contact time we have as a team the better we can produce in international matches . " More than 35,000 people have been reintroduced to the game since the "  Back to Netball " scheme launched in 2010 , allowing legions of women to rekindle the skills they learned at school . Healthy crowds turn out to watch the national team in action , with the latest figures showing participation up 34 % in the last four years , to just shy of 160,000 . Added to that , Sport England has committed Â # 25.3 million  $ 40.4 m  to netball for the next four years with Â # 5m  $ 7.9 m  targeted at the elite level . So how close is netball to being included on the Olympic roster ? "  I think it 's played enough over the world but it 's not played by men , which is probably one of the boundaries netball has -- that the men 's side of the game is not up there with the women 's , " Harten explains . "  Having a single-sex sport in the Olympics is unheard of -- there 's only one or two . That , coupled with the fact that nations like America have n't fully embraced it . "  They are quite a basketball nation , so when things like that start to happen and that ball starts rolling hopefully it will get into the Olympics in the future . " Though the England team is thriving , the domestic eight-team Superleague does not pay players . As such players like Harten and Eboni Beckford-Chambers have gone to the other side of the world to compete semi-professionally for teams in New Zealand and Australia respectively . "  I 'm probably one of the only members of the England team who is a full-time athlete , but I play my club netball in New Zealand because it 's the only semi-pro league in the world , " Harten says . "  When I come back I 'm an athlete for the England national team and do some coaching part-time . "  Our captain works for Airbus , so she 's got quite a good job . Others work for England Netball in different aspects -- regional development centers , coaches , that kind of behind-the-scenes stuff . "  They are not full-time athletes but kind of full-time netball brains . " For Beckford-Chambers , wherever she is playing , it is the camaraderie she revels in . "  The team spirit is what I love about the game -- that I can be with a bunch of girls with the same passion as me , " she says . "  We go through all the highs and lows together , and we 're all aiming for the same goal . It really is my second family , and I 've definitely been through the ranks with some of these girls since I was 15 years old . "  It 's something I hold close to my heart and something I just absolutely love doing -- traveling , seeing the rest of the world and playing . "	England 's netball team aiming to become champions of the world by 2019 Jo Harten is their main goalscorer and has 50 caps despite only being 24 Australia and New Zealand are two best sides in the world at present Harten wants England to match their physicality and break the duopoly
CNN  -- Alvaro Quiros triumphed at the Qatar Masters on Sunday when the Spaniard finished three shots clear of former champion Henrik Stenson and Louis Oosthuizen . Spaniard Quiros clinched his third European Tour title and now looks set for a first appearance at the Masters . The 26-year-old survived a late scare to card a final-round of three-under-par 69 and finish at 19-under 269 -- a showing that sends him into the world top 30 and opens the door for his Masters debut at Augusta in April . Swede Stenson 's three-putt bogey at the last for a 68 allowed South African overnight leader Oosthuizen to share second with the 2006 champion after a final round of 71 . Stenson , last year 's runner-up to Adam Scott , snatched the lead at 16 under with an eagle at the 10th , but Quiros and Oosthuizen -- playing a group behind -- responded with birdies of their own to leave all three tied through 11 . The momentum swung Quiros ' way as he birdied the 12th and Oosthuizen dropped a shot to fall two off the pace before the Spaniard extended his lead as he converted from eight feet a hole later . Stenson put pressure on with birdie of his own at 15 to move within one at 17 under before Quiros wobbled as he sent his three-wood approach from the rough into the water . Quiros eventually holed from 15-foot putt for bogey , but then birdied 16 and 17 to take a two-stroke lead down the last and claim a third European Tour title . Oosthuizen had birdied the last to record a second successive runner-up finish , which sees him move up to fifth on the season money list -- a place ahead of Stenson . Ireland 's Damien McGrane carded a bogey-free 67 for fourth at 13 under , while Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez 's three birdies earned him a 69 and a share of fifth with Dutchman Maarten Lafeber  72  . World number two Sergio Garcia  70  had a share of seventh place at 11 under .	Spaniard Alvaro Quiros triumphed by three strokes at the Qatar Masters Former champion Henrik Stenson and Louis Oosthuizen shared second Quiros is in line for his Masters debut after climbing into the world top 30
Washington  CNN  -- Terrorism concerns surrounding the first anniversary of the death of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden prompted authorities to elevate visible security Wednesday on Washington 's Metrorail system . "  There is no specific or credible threat . We are mindful that , in the past , al Qaeda has shown an interest in anniversaries and significant dates , " said Philip Stewart , a Washington Metropolitan Transit Authority spokesperson . Officers with the Metro Transit Police Department 's anti-terror team fanned out in the subway system Wednesday with bomb-sniffing dogs and extra officers , according to Deputy Chief Mark Olson . "  On days such as today , where it is an anniversary , we tend to deploy our forces a little bit differently to provide a little more visibility , " said Olson . Officials plan to continue the heightened security throughout the week . The transit police are also working with federal agencies and local law enforcement , said Olson . "  Law enforcement agencies from Boston to Washington are engaging in transit-related activities such as high visibility deployment to increase awareness , " said Olson . The coordinated effort is part of a public awareness campaign , Rail Safety Week . Olson said anti-terror officers did not discover anything suspicious during patrols on Wednesday .	Transit official : "  There is no specific or credible threat " Metro police deploy security differently "  to provide a little more visibility " System mindful of one-year anniversary of the death of Osama bin Laden Officials plan to continue the heightened security throughout the week
CNN  -- Members of Congress working to pass immigration reform are divided on many issues , but there 's one they agree on . Democrat and Republican , virtually all have been adamant since the debate began that President Obama should stay out of it -- that pressure from the White House would only spur resistance on Capitol Hill . Still , there 's an exception to every rule . The president has the power to transform the immigration debate by one simple action : nominating a tough , law-enforcement Republican to replace Janet Napolitano as secretary of Homeland Security . The prospects of passing reform hang uneasily in the balance this month as members of Congress spend time at home in their districts . Back in Washington , an all but unbreakable House rule mandates that passage of any law as momentous as immigration reform requires a "  majority of the majority " -- in today 's House , 118 GOP votes . And many Republicansâ $ " a majority , I believe -- are still up for grabs . In the past , many House Republicans have opposed immigration reform , but attitudes have changed dramatically in recent months , thanks largely to a new understanding of the Latino vote 's power . A dwindling minority still oppose reform at all cost . A growing but still small minority is generally favorable to an overhaul . And the rest -- the majority in the middle -- are wrestling to come to terms with an issue they 're suddenly seeing in a new light . They are reexamining the facts , questioning old assumptions , trying on new policy ideas and asking themselves how far they can stretch . The ferment is palpable -- as are the possibilities . Opinion : Key to immigration reform -- worker visas The biggest obstacle : House Republicans do n't trust that Obama will enforce the law . This mistrust has deep roots , and Obama has only inflamed it in recent years . The last time Congress passed an immigration overhaul , in 1986 , it was cast as a grand bargain : amnesty for the millions of immigrants then living in the country illegally in exchange for tough enforcement on the border and in the workplace . By the early 1990s , 3 million formerly unauthorized immigrants had earned legal status and were on their way to citizenship . But the border was more porous than ever , and workplace enforcement had all but ground to a halt , as a new cottage industry in forged identity documents erased all hope of meaningful control and a frustrated immigration service threw up its hands . Enter President Obama , who from day one has shown what House Republicans consider a decidedly selective approach to the law . Whatever you think of Obamacare or the Defense of Marriage Act , they are the law of the land -- but the president has enforced them only when he felt like it , if he felt like it at all -- putting a hold , for example , on the Obamacare employer mandate . On other issues , he has thumbed his nose at the Constitution 's federal balance of power , bypassing Congress to appoint members of the National Labor Relations Board and grant legal status to young immigrants brought to the U.S. as children . As for immigration enforcement , there has been some progress in the Obama years on the border and in the workplace , but two huge congressional directives remain just that , unfulfilled directives . One is completing the 700 miles of fence mandated in 2006 , the other building an electronic "  exit " system to track that foreigners visiting the United States on visas leave the country when they say they will -- a mandate that dates to 1996 . There 's nothing Obama can do to restore Republicans ' faith in him -- that horse left the barn years ago . And not any Republican appointment to the top immigration enforcement job will reassure the GOP . A Republican seen as a dove on immigration will change nothing -- might as well go with a Democrat . So , too , a Republican popular in the mainstream media or among sophisticated elites , and that rules out even accomplished law enforcement officials like , say , Bill Bratton , former police commissioner in New York and Los Angeles , or Raymond Kelly , now the top cop in New York City . Opinion : Crunch time for immigration , budget fights What 's needed is someone so reliably tough and so committed to enforcing the law that even diehard immigration hawks do a double-take when the name surfaces . Part of the point , after all , is neutralizing criticism from immigration restrictionists . And of course , such a choice will make many Democrats gasp . That , too , is part of the point . Without it , skeptical Republicans will not be convinced . The other indispensable requirement is that a nominee should be someone with enough national stature -- a household name , if possible -- to push back against the president if need be . House Republicans need to know that this person will hold the line , no matter what the president tries , will take his or her case to the media if necessary , and will have enough popular support to make a national appeal effective . Who fits this bill ? It 's not a long list . Would Rudy Giuliani take the job ? Condoleezza Rice ? A respected general ? Someone who proved his law and order bona fides in the last Bush administration -- former Attorney General John Ashcroft , for example ? Or former Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona , a committed immigration enforcement hawk and among the Republican lawmakers , sitting or retired , most knowledgeable about the issue ? Coming up with the right name wo n't be easy , but ultimately this is a question about Barack Obama . Is he strong enough -- and self-confident enough -- to take this step ? Can he brook the dissent and give up control ? If he means what he says when he talks about enforcing the law , he should put his money where his mouth is . Nothing would do more to improve the chances of passing immigration reform on his watch . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tamar Jacoby	Tamar Jacoby : Obama can help immigration debate by picking tough DHS secretary She says he should pick a well-regarded Republican to win trust of GOP on reform She says Congress , returning from break , will respond to gesture when debate resumes Jacoby : Giuliani , Rice , Ashcroft ? One could spur reform . Can Obama give up control and do it ?
CNN  -- Seattle is set to welcome NBA basketball back to the city following the sale of the Sacramento Kings , in a move which is expected to relaunch the Supersonics franchise . Chris Hansen , whose group is reported to have purchased a 65 % share of the Kings franchise , valued at $ 525 million , plans to relocate the team to Seattle , which lost its original franchise when owners moved the team to Oklahoma City in 2008 . The deal will see Hansen take the Maloof family 's 53 % share of the team as well as minority owner Bob Hernreich 's 12 % stake . Why basketball star turned his back on the NBA The move , which is expected to be go through following lengthy negotiations with the Maloof family , now awaits approval from the NBA Board of Governors . If ratified , the new ownership group hopes to move the Kings franchise to Seattle in time for the 2013-2014 season , when they will be renamed the the Supersonics and play at KeyArena before moving to a downtown venue in two years time . "  We are happy to announce that we have entered into a binding agreement with the Maloofs to purchase a controlling interest in the Sacramento Kings NBA franchise , " Hansen said in a statement . "  The sale is obviously subject to approval by the NBA Board of Governors , and we look forward to working with the League in the coming months to consummate the transaction . "  While we are not at liberty to discuss the terms of the transaction or our plans for the franchise given the confidential nature of the agreement and NBA regulations regarding public comments during a pending transaction , we would just like to extend our sincerest compliments and gratitude toward the Maloof family . How can L.A. Lakers rescue losing season ? "  Our negotiations with the family were handled with the utmost honor and professionalism and we hope to continue their legacy and be great stewards of this NBA franchise in the coming years and decades . " The original Supersonics , founded in 1967 , won the 1979 NBA Championship and played in the city until 2008 , when the team 's owners controversially moved the squad to Oklahoma . Since then , investors and city officials have sought to revive the Supersonics franchise by relocating another NBA team , and Hansen is confident the move will prove a success in the long-term . Maloof Gavin Maloof , the Kings co-owner , said the family had "  always appreciated and treasured " their ownership of the Kings . He said : "  We have always appreciated and treasured our ownership of the Kings and have had a great admiration for the fans and our team members . "  We would also like to thank Chris Hansen for his professionalism during our negotiation . Chris will be a great steward for the franchise . " The final decision remains with the NBA , which released its own statement on the matter . It read : "  The NBA received an executed Purchase and Sale Agreement for the transfer of a controlling interest in the Sacramento Kings from the Maloof family to an investor group led by Christopher Hansen . "  The proposed transaction is subject to the approval of the NBA Board of Governors and has been referred to the Board 's committee process for review . "	Seattle is set to host NBA next season for first time since 2008 Chris Hansen 's group has completed a deal to buy the Sacramento Kings Hansen has bought a reported 65 % stake in the franchise worth $ 340 million NBA Board of Governors expected to rubber stamp the move
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- Twenty alleged members of a Hispanic gang believed to be one of the nation 's largest and most violent have been indicted in Colorado on drug and firearm charges , authorities said Tuesday . This grafitti in North Denver is the work of the gang MS-13 , the Department of Justice says . Of the 20 alleged MS-13 members named in two indictments , eight were arrested Tuesday morning in Denver and in Los Angeles , California , authorities said . Another eight were already in custody , according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the District of Colorado . Four remain at large , the office said . "  The arrests were the culmination of a three-year investigation into one of the most notorious street gangs in the country , " the release said . Jeff Dorschner , spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office , said the indictments stemmed from a multiple-agency and multiple-state effort . Some of the defendants are accused of drug dealing activity that prosecutors said reached all the way into a California prison . In the course of the investigation , police seized 10 pounds of methamphetamine , 2.3 kilograms  5 pounds  of cocaine , a small amount of heroin , 12 firearms and $ 3,300 in cash , according to the release . Police said they believe the gang members "  conspired to distribute , and possessed with intent to distribute , quantities of methamphetamine , cocaine , heroin and marijuana , " federal prosecutors said . "  The conspiracy , and other related drug distribution charges included the distribution of the illicit drugs on the streets of metro Denver , as well as in a facility in California called the High Desert State Prison . " Other defendants are charged with illegal firearm possession , authorities said . Nine defendants in addition to the 20 named in federal indictments are being prosecuted in Colorado state court , according to federal prosecutors . The defendants face maximum sentences of life in prison , depending on the offense , as well as fines up to $ 2 million , authorities said in the news release . MS-13 has long been regarded by law enforcement agencies as one of the deadliest gangs in the United States and beyond . It is estimated to have up to 50,000 members worldwide , about 10,000 of whom are believed to be active in at least 38 states , according to an attorney general 's report to Congress on gangs in April 2008 . In 2004 , the FBI created a task force to focus on MS-13 . Federal authorities have said that most MS-13 members are immigrants from El Salvador or the children of Salvadoran immigrants . The gang originated in Los Angeles , authorities have said , and it has spread across the United States and into Mexico , Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador .	Eight suspected MS-13 gang members arrested in Colorado and California Another eight were already in custody ; 4 remain at large Some defendants accused in drug rings that reached into a California prison MS-13 regarded as one of the nation 's deadliest gangs , with members in 38 states
Editor 's note : Joel I. Klein has been chancellor of the New York City Department of Education since 2002 . Joel I. Klein says Caroline Kennedy became a champion for New York City 's children . NEW YORK  CNN  -- I was named schools chancellor in New York City in 2002 , shortly after Mayor Michael Bloomberg won control over the city 's school system . At the time , our schools were in desperate need of a strong advocate . Few prominent New Yorkers were willing to take a chance on our schools -- or invest in a system that many saw as beyond repair . Caroline Kennedy was willing . I approached Caroline about serving our city 's school system because it would send a powerful message to the entire city about the importance of school reform and also because I was convinced , having known her personally , that she had the right skills to put together an office of strategic partnerships to undergird our efforts . Without hesitation , Caroline joined our effort , and started building partnerships with the private sector on behalf of children . She essentially became a champion for New York City 's children , who badly needed her advocacy . Before the mayor and I took charge , New York City had not actively tried to raise money for its public schools . Caroline took over an office that previously oversaw donations to PTAs and alumni associations and recreated it around a model of a public-private partnership . The model she created in New York City has led to similar efforts in other school districts across America . Private donors were historically reluctant to make gifts to public schools because there was so little accountability and transparency around spending and outcomes . Caroline created a system that measured results . A new transparency around outcomes , along with Caroline 's proficiency in articulating the goals of our reforms , gave private funders an unprecedented stake in the success of schools and students and attracted large amounts of new funding . Caroline was highly focused , efficient and hands-on in this effort . She verified the value of her work by visiting schools to see how funds were affecting principals , teachers and students . She was unafraid of asking hard questions , bringing diverse groups together and looking for alternative solutions . She framed problems in ways that made them solvable . These are qualities that served New York City 's 1.1 million public schoolchildren well . Under her leadership , The Fund for Public Schools has raised more than $ 240 million from businesses , foundations and individuals , according to the fund . Schools have used these funds to improve middle schools , improve libraries , provide arts programs and train public school principals . Caroline 's belief that government can improve people 's lives -- and the way she put this belief to work on behalf of the city 's public schools -- has inspired many people . In my experience , Caroline 's belief in and passion for public service are contagious . If she is selected to represent our state in the U.S. Senate , I have no doubt that she would put that passion , along with her estimable talents , to work for New Yorkers in every corner of our state . I 've spoken with Caroline this week about her decision to seek the Senate seat . She understands that the stakes have never been higher , and she knows that New Yorkers need to have a senator who will fight for them in Washington . Caroline is prepared to work hard for New Yorkers -- bringing jobs to our state , helping us win funding for infrastructure and homeland security , and helping to improve health care and education for New Yorkers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joel Klein .	Joel I Klein : Caroline Kennedy one of few willing to advocate for New York 's schools Chancellor says people feared giving to schools due to a lack of transparency Klein says Kennedy asked hard questions and held schools accountable Kennedy would be a passionate fighter for the needs of New York , Klein says
CNN  -- Will they or wo n't they ? After reports started swirling that 90s boy band * NSync might be staging a reunion at Sunday 's MTV Music Awards , the Internet went a bit wild in the form of everything from reasons why it HAD to happen to gifs meant to display fans ' reactions . But do n't start tearing up your heart just yet . Band member Lance Bass had something to say about the rumors Tuesday night on his SiriusXM show , "  Dirty Pop with Lance Bass . " Bass said that in light of the fact that fellow band member  now solo phenom  Justin Timberlake is slated to receive the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award at the show " ... of course people are automatically going to think we 're going to be there performing . " "  We all came down here -LSB- to Miami -RSB- except for J.C. -LSB- Chasez -RSB- , " Bass said . "  J.C. stayed in California , he had to work ... Joey -LSB- Fatone -RSB- , Chris -LSB- Kirkpatrick -RSB- and myself went to go see Justin 's last show with Jay Z at the -LSB- Sun Life -RSB- Stadium last Friday , and I even took a picture of it , it 's on my Instagram . " Bass said he believes that 's what kicked off speculation that the group , who went on hiatus in 2002 , would be getting back together . He said he expected the rumors , but has been amazed by how much interest was generated . "  It 's amazing to see the reaction out there on Twitter and social media ... of how many people are supporting ` NSYNC , " he said . "  It 's so nice to see because when we ended things -LSB- over -RSB- ten years ago , there was no social media , there was no Twitter -LSB- fan base -RSB- , but it 's so cute to see how many people are supporting -LSB- us -RSB- and ` NSYNC was even trending . " But take heart , fans , because Bass stopped short of a complete denial that a reunion performance might happen . When "  Real Housewife of Miami " Lea Black , who was on the show , pointed out that "  the fans should start demanding a reunion , " Bass responded , "  That would be an amazing time . "	* NSync band member says he knew rumors were coming He attributes it to a recent pic of him and band members Bass said social media has been excited over possible reunion
Cameroon 's President Paul Biya has ordered the closure of nearly 100 Christian churches in key cities , citing criminal practices organized by Pentecostal pastors that threaten the security of the West African nation . But Pentecostal pastors said the move is evidence of Biya 's insecurity about the churches ' criticism of the government . Biya is using the military to permanently shut down all Pentecostal church denominations in the nation 's capital , Yaounde , and the North West Regional capital , Bamenda , which have the largest Christian populations in Cameroon . More than 50 churches have now been closed , with the government targeting nearly 100 in eight other regions . "  We will get rid of all the so-called Christian Pentecostal pastors who misuse the name of Jesus Christ to fake miracles and kill citizens in their churches . They have outstretched their liberty , " Mbu Anthony Lang , a government official in Bamenda , told CNN Wednesday . Nearly 500 Pentecostal churches operate in Cameroon , but fewer than 50 are legal , he added . On Sunday , a 9-year-old Christian girl collapsed and died during a prayer session in Winners ' Chapel , a Pentecostal church in Bamenda . The girl 's mother , Mih Theresa , told CNN Wednesday that the pastor intended to cast out the numerous demons that were in control of her daughter 's life . "  I want the government to stop these pastors who use mysterious powers to pull Christians and kill then for more powers . All my children have ran away from the Catholic Church in search for miracles , signs and wonders , " she told CNN while holding back tears . Another Christian , Mveng Thomas , said his marriage ended abruptly when a Pentecostal pastor ordered his wife to dissolve their union . He said the pastor described him as "  an unrepentant devil . " Pastors marched against the government 's decision Wednesday in Bamenda and Douala . Pastors said the Biya government sees the mass proliferation of churches as a threat . Boniface Tum , a bishop of the Christian Church of God in Yaounde , said that Biya , who has been president since 1982 , is becoming insecure about the freedom of speech within these churches . "  Authorizing only the Catholic , Presbyterian , Baptist , Muslim , and a few other churches , is a strict violation of the right to religion , " Tum added . Targeted Pentecostal Christians in Bamenda are transforming their private homes into churches . North West Regional governor Adolphe Lele L'Afrique said Wednesday that police had discovered the abduction of 30 children under age 18 by a pastor in Bamenda . The pastor said he wanted to remove the children from a bad society , Lele added . Government officials also say that some pastors convince congregants that they do not need professional medical treatment for their ailments . "  How can a pastor say the sick needs no medical doctor ? We need sanity in our Christian lives , " Nyang Blaise , a youth leader for Biya 's ruling party , CPDM , told CNN . One woman said her mother was refusing cancer treatments because of her pastor . "  My mother 's condition is worsening after doctors confirmed she had cancer . She is dying silently , and yet we can not persuade her to see a doctor for proper treatment , against her pastor 's wish , " Deborah Tanyi said .	President Paul Biya has ordered 100 churches closed throughout Cameroon The illegal Pentecostal churches are security threats , the government argues Pentecostal congregants say criticism of the government is behind the shutdown
Washington  CNN  -- Republican Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine announced Tuesday she will retire rather than seek re-election this year , surprising colleagues and perhaps casting the future of her seat in doubt . The decision was made "  after an extraordinary amount of reflection and consideration , " she said in a statement . Snowe , who turned 65 last week , was first elected to the U.S. House in 1978 and then to the Senate in 1994 . She is the first woman to serve in both chambers of a state legislature and the U.S. Congress . Snowe was known as a moderate who sometimes sided with Democrats in the increasingly partisan environment of Washington politics . Her statement cited the partisan divide . "  I have no doubt I would have won re-election , " Snowe said , describing her political service in Maine and Washington as "  an indescribable honor and immeasurable privilege . " While her motivation and sense of responsibility remain , she continued , "  I do find it frustrating , however , that an atmosphere of polarization and ` my way or the highway ' ideologies has become pervasive in campaigns and in our governing institutions . " "  Unfortunately , I do not realistically expect the partisanship of recent years in the Senate to change over the short term , " Snowe said . "  So at this stage of my tenure in public service , I have concluded that I am not prepared to commit myself to an additional six years in the Senate . " The White House released a statement praising Snowe 's bipartisan efforts . "  For almost four decades , Olympia Snowe has served the people of the great state of Maine . ... From her unwavering support for our troops , to her efforts to reform Wall Street , to fighting for Maine 's small businesses , Sen. Snowe 's career demonstrates how much can be accomplished when leaders from both parties come together to do the right thing for the American people . " Initial reaction from colleagues indicated Snowe 's decision was unexpected . "  I was surprised . I know that she 's been quite frustrated with the lack of civility in Washington and the fact that she 's a bridge builder -- and it was more and more difficult to do that . But we were all surprised here in Maine that she would make the decision , " said Maine GOP Chairman Charlie Webster . "  It 's going to shake things up in Maine politics . " Maine Sen. Susan Collins , a moderate Republican , said she was "  devastated " to learn of Snowe 's decision not to seek re-election . "  I know this was an incredibly difficult decision for Olympia , " said Collins , who lauded Snowe as "  a leader who sought solutions , not political advantage . " Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York expressed surprise at the news when told by CNN . "  We 'll miss her , " Schumer said . "  She 's a good , good lady and an example of ... sometimes how the roughness of the political world can affect things . She 's great , and she 'll be missed by people on both sides of the aisle . " With Snowe in the race , two of the top political handicappers -- the Cook Political Report and the Rothenberg Political Report -- had considered the seat "  safe Republican " in the November election . Democrats hold a 53-47 majority in the Senate but are defending 23 of the 33 seats up for grabs in November , including those of two independents who caucus with the Democrats . Guy Cecil , executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , called Snowe 's departure an "  unexpected opportunity . " "  Maine is now a top pick-up opportunity for Senate Democrats , " Cecil said in a statement . "  If there is one place in the country that is likely to reject the extreme , anti-middle class , divisive Republican agenda it is Maine . Democrats not only hold a strong registration advantage in the state , but this is a state that the president won by 17 points in 2008 and will likely win by a significant margin this year , as well . " However , Texas Sen. John Cornyn , the chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , said his party remains "  well-positioned to win back a Senate majority in November . " "  Maine has a proud history of electing independent leaders , including a Republican governor in 2010 , and while this will be a key battleground in the fall , I am confident it will remain in Republican hands , " Cornyn said in a statement . The Maine GOP chairman said it 's too early to tell yet whether Democrats could potentially pick up the seat . "  We 've got a number of qualified people that could run , " said Webster . Two Republican candidates already announced primary challenges to Snowe -- former Lisbon Falls Selectman Scott D'Amboise and tea party activist Andrew Ian Dodge . In addition , two Democrats being mentioned as potential candidates were businesswoman and 2010 gubernatorial candidate Rosa Scarcelli and state Rep. Emily Cain . U.S. Rep. Chellie Pingree , D-Maine , was also hailed as a possible candidate . The Progressive Change Campaign Committee launched a campaign shortly after Snowe 's announcement to draft the Democratic representative into running . The group , which claims 6,000 members in Maine and close to a million nationwide , praised Pingree for having a "  bold progressive voice . " CNN 's Ted Barrett , Deirdre Walsh , Rebecca Stewart , Tom Cohen and Shannon Travis contributed to this report .	White House praises Sen. Olympia Snowe for her bipartisan leadership Snowe known as moderate Republican who sometimes votes with Democrats Maine GOP chairman says the decision is going to shake up state politics She cites the partisan divide in Washington as a reason for retiring
London  CNN  -- Rupert Murdoch 's media empire suffered a double blow Wednesday as Prime Minister David Cameron launched a wide-ranging investigation into the British press and Murdoch 's News Corp. withdrew its bid to take over British satellite broadcaster BSkyB . The moves came in the wake of public and political fury at allegations that journalists working for Murdoch illegally eavesdropped on phone messages of thousands of people and bribed police . Cameron blasted Murdoch 's company Wednesday as he launched the high-powered investigation . News Corp. executives need to focus not on taking over BSkyB , "  but on clearing up the mess and getting their house in order , " Cameron said . He welcomed the withdrawal of the bid , which came hours before lawmakers voted across party lines to pass a symbolic measure urging Murdoch to give up his effort to take full ownership of the broadcaster , in which he already owns a controlling stake . "  It 's the right decision  for the company  , but also for the country , " Cameron said . "  Now we 've got to get on with the work of the police investigation and the public inquiry that I set up today . " "  It has become clear that it is too difficult to progress in this climate , " News Corp. . Deputy Chairman Chase Carey said in announcing the company would end its attempt to increase its 39.1 % share in BSkyB . Opposition leader Ed Miliband of the Labour party -- who pushed the vote against the takeover -- welcomed the News Corp. decision and said it would not have happened had lawmakers not pressured Murdoch . "  The will of politicians was clear , the will of the public was clear , and now Britain 's most powerful media owner has had to bend to that will , " said Miliband , speaking as politicians rowdily debated the measure in the House of Commons . Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown , whose family 's private records are alleged to have been obtained by News International newspapers , said it was vital to maintain the right to a free press and the public 's right to information . But , he said , staff at News International , a subsidiary of News Corp. , took freedom of the press as a license for abuse and then "  cynically manipulated our support of that vital freedom as their justification and then callously used the defense of a free press as the banner under which they marched in step , I say , with members of the criminal underworld . " This "  criminal media nexus " claimed to be on the side of the law-abiding citizen but was , instead , "  standing side by side with criminals against our citizens . " The criminality was "  not the misconduct of a few rogues or a few freelancers , " but was carried out "  often on an industrial scale -- at its worst dependent on links with the British criminal underworld . " Brown also defended himself against assertions that his government had done too little to pursue claims of misconduct at News International , saying its relationship with the company was "  neither cozy nor comfortable . " The longstanding role of the press as a force for freedom has been subverted , he said . "  When it has held in contempt not only basic standards of legality but basic standards of decency too ; when it has replaced freedom with license ; when it has wielded power without ever having been elected to do so ; and when it has regarded itself as not only above the law but above the elected institutions of our country , then all concerned people in this House should be able to see that what should be our greatest defense against the abuse of power has itself become an intolerable abuser of power . " John Whittingdale , chairman of Parliament 's Culture , Media and Sport Committee , said he did not know whether Rupert Murdoch , his son James and former News of the World editor Rebekah Brooks would testify at a hearing next Tuesday as requested . "  Senior executives " of Murdoch 's British newspaper company "  will cooperate , " News International has said in a statement , without specifying who . If the Murdochs do not answer the summons , they "  will effectively have said goodbye to Britain , " Labour lawmaker Chris Bryant told CNN Wednesday . Rupert Murdoch will be "  forever tarred " by his association with the scandal , Whittingdale said . But he warned against vilifying the press in general . "  It was not just newspapers that were responsible for these clearly unacceptable and often illegal activities ; it was also newspapers who exposed them , " he said . "  A free press is an absolute fundamental cornerstone of a free society and we must not do anything to jeopardize that . " In announcing the public inquiry into press practices and ethics , Cameron said anyone "  found guilty of wrongdoing -- or of allowing it -- must not only be brought to justice , they must also have no future role in the running of a media company in our country . " The judge leading the inquiry will be able to summon witnesses , including newspaper owners , and compel them to testify in public , under oath , Cameron announced . The aim is to "  bring this ugly chapter to a close and ensure that nothing like it ever happens again , " the prime minister said . Murdoch 's company needs "  root and branch change , " Cameron said in the wake of the accusation that victims of phone hacking included a missing 13-year-old girl , Milly Dowler , who was later found to have been murdered . Cameron met with the girl 's family Wednesday . Miliband and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg met with them separately earlier in the week . The Dowlers are "  delighted " by the launch of the judge-led investigation and pleased that politicians across the spectrum are working together on the issue , the family 's lawyer , Mark Lewis , said after the meeting with Cameron . The investigation will look at whether News Corp. 's British subsidiary , News International , or other newspaper groups broke the law , their relations with the police and politicians and press ethics and practices , Cameron said . Miliband hammered Cameron for having hired a former top News International journalist to be his communications director after the editor left his newspaper , News of the World , in the wake of one of its journalists going to prison over phone hacking . The editor , Andy Coulson , insisted he knew nothing about the crime but resigned from News of the World because it happened on his watch . Coulson resigned as Cameron 's spokesman this year when the scandal blew up afresh . Cameron said if Coulson lied about what he knew , he should end up in court . "  If I was lied to , if the police were lied to , if the select committee were lied to , it would be a matter of deep regret and a matter for a criminal prosecution , " Cameron said . "  But we must make sure that we judge people as innocent until proven guilty . " Condemnation of Murdoch came from many British politicians a day after a senior American senator warned that any Murdoch journalists who illegally eavesdropped on 9/11 victims would face "  severe " consequences . Sen. Jay Rockefeller , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee , told CNN Wednesday he is considering an investigation into whether News Corp. employees broke the law by hacking U.S. citizens . "  My bet is we 'll find some criminal stuff , " Rockefeller said , speaking a day after he urged U.S. authorities to examine whether U.S. citizens had had their "  privacy violated " by journalists at the company . Rockefeller and fellow Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer of California wrote Wednesday to U.S. justice officials and Wall Street watchdog the Securities and Exchange Commission , urging them to investigate possible violations by News Corp. of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act . Sen. Frank Lautenberg , a New Jersey Democrat , also called on American authorities Wednesday to investigate whether any News Corp. employees had broken U.S. law by bribing foreign officials . And Rep. Peter T. King , R-N.Y. , asked the FBI to investigate whether News Corporation journalists may have tried to obtain phone records of victims of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Journalists are accused of attempting to bribe police officers for information -- including personal contact details for members of the royal family -- in addition to the violation of privacy allegations . The News of the World , which was Britain 's best-selling newspaper , folded Sunday over other allegations of illegal breach of privacy at the order of James Murdoch . The police officer leading the investigation said Tuesday they had identified 3,870 potential targets of phone-hacking and had notified 170 of them . The officer , Sue Akers , said a team of 45 police were going through 11,000 pages of documents seized from a private investigator working for News of the World . The documents contain some 4,000 cell phone numbers and 5,000 land lines , Cameron said . Murdoch flew Sunday to London , hours after the final edition of News of the World hit the stands . The publication was the first British national paper Murdoch bought , in 1969 , as he began to propel himself from Australian newspaper proprietor to international media magnate . News International owns the Sun , The Times and The Sunday Times in Britain . Murdoch 's News Corp. also encompasses Fox News , The Wall Street Journal , the New York Post and Harper Collins publishers . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Laura Smith-Spark , Jim Boulden and David Wilkinson contributed to this report .	NEW : some 4,000 cell phones and 5,000 land lines may have been affected Lawmakers pass a symbolic motion after debating Murdoch 's BSkyB ambitions Sen. Jay Rockefeller writes to US authorities urging an investigation into News Corp. . PM Cameron says News Corp. has made "  the right decision " in dropping its bid
CNN  -- Fatma Nabil made history Sunday as she became the first veiled woman to read the news on Egyptian state television . She wore an off-white hijab , or headscarf . Veiled news anchors were not permitted to appear on state TV under the rule of Hosni Mubarak -- a longtime strongman forced from office last year . The ban was lifted by Salah Abdel-Maqsoud , Egypt 's information minister and a member of the long-suppressed Muslim Brotherhood . "  Finally ! The revolution has reached Maspero , " said Nabil , according to the information ministry . She was referring to the headquarters of the state TV and broadcast building , which was the site of massive demonstrations during the uprising that toppled Mubarak . Nabil was a former anchor on a Muslim Brotherhood channel . The ban on veiled anchors was issued in 2002 by the then-information minister , Safwat El-Sherif . He was arrested shortly after the Mubarak regime fell , and faces corruption charges .	Wearing an off-white headscarf , Fatma Nabil makes history "  Finally ! The revolution has reached Maspero , " she says The ban was put in place under Hosni Mubarak , who was toppled last year
CNN  -- Justin Bieber has had a rough week . After celebrating his "  worst birthday " on March 1 and angering concertgoers at London 's O2 Arena on Monday when he was late to the stage , the pop singer had to take a break from his concert on Thursday to receive "  oxygen and treatment backstage , " his representative said . During the show , the pop star 's manager Scooter Braun told the crowd that Bieber was "  backstage with the EMTs and the doctor " after getting "  very light of breath , " in a statement posted on YouTube . To the cheers of fans , Braun went on to say , "  He has just told me ... he 's going to come out and finish the show . " After the concert , he was taken to a hospital as a precautionary measure and was released early Friday . "  He 's been released from the hospital early this a.m. after a check-up and while he 's feeling a little under the weather , he 's planning on going ahead with tonight 's show , " the representative said later in the day . Bieber took to his official Twitter account after the incident , thanking fans for sticking with him : "  getting better . thanks for everyone pulling me thru tonight . best fans in the world . figuring out what happened . thanks for the love . " On Instagram , Bieber said he was "  Gettin better listening to Janice Joplin " in a picture that showed the shirtless singer apparently lounging in a hospital room with a pair of headphones on . Fan response on Twitter was universally supportive . "  Take it easy , try not to work yourself too hard , " said one fan . "  Hope you 're feeling better Justin , love you x , " said another . This was Bieber 's third of four scheduled shows at the arena . On Monday , he kept thousands of young fans and their tired , outraged parents up past their bedtimes after reportedly arriving on stage nearly two hours late for a sold-out show at the same arena . Bieber was greeted by choruses of boos from the crowd . Minutes into his performance , throngs of sobbing school-aged "  Beliebers " were hauled away by parents desperate to catch the last trains home on a school night . The singer eventually took to Twitter to say that he was only 40 minutes late to the stage , but "  there is no excuse for that and I apologize for anyone we upset . " Not even Bieber 's 19th birthday on March 1 would be a high point of the "  Boyfriend " singer 's less than stellar week . "  Worst birthday , " he tweeted after celebrating at a London nightclub . Reports suggested that he tried to bring underage friends into the club , but he shared his side of the story via Instagram : "  I love how the club wanted to give the press another reason to why we did n't stay at their weak a -- club so they would n't look bad for me walking in and right back out . " Concerned fans have been tweeting the hashtag #JustinTakeBreak with encouraging messages such as , "  Justin , your Beliebers love you no matter what , please take a break your health is important to us " and "  He 's over working himself to make us proud , not being able to breathe while performing is not okay , it 's not healthy . " And it seems Bieber is keeping his head up . Earlier this week he wrote , "  It ai n't always easy but is what it is . Gon na stay focused . I see and saw all the posts from around the world . U got me smiling . Love u. Thank u. " CNN 's Stephanie Goldberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Bieber will perform Friday night as scheduled He paused a London concert to get backstage treatment , representative says He finished the show and checked into a hospital as a precaution
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Flowers arrived at Capt. Marissa Alexander 's office at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , on June 3 , 2005 . Arlington 's Section 60 is the final resting place for many casualties of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Her husband , Staff Sgt. Leroy Alexander , was half a world away fighting with the Special Forces in Afghanistan , but he had found a way to send a floral arrangement to his wife , who was five months pregnant with twins . "  He called me and asked me what building I worked in . He said he had to update some records , " Alexander said . The flowers lifted her spirits . But a few hours later , her emotions would be thrown into a tailspin . Alexander saw two Army officers in dress uniforms knock on her front door . One of the officers started to talk : "  We regret to inform you ... " If he said any more , Alexander does n't remember . "  The next memory I have is in my kitchen , banging on the floor . I just could n't believe it , " she said . The good feelings from flowers delivered a few hours before were gone , replaced by shock , pain and mourning . A roadside bomb had made her a widow . Staff Sgt. Alexander now lies in Arlington National Cemetery 's Section 60 , where 500 soldiers , Marines , airmen and sailors who have died in Iraq and Afghanistan are buried . For years Section 60 has been the one of busiest parts of the cemetery . Every day new burials bring precision marches , the somber tones of taps and the nerve-rattling three-gun salutes . Watch how widows connect at Section 60 " Then there are family and friends who come to the graves to make an emotional connection to their lost loved ones . Memorial Day weekend brings even more activity and more visitors . Adults , even some uniformed generals , walk slowly between the rows and rows of headstones , looking for a familiar name . But small children often seem to find the cemetery a place to explore , even play . Their smiles and curiosity remind grown-ups that even in a place synonymous with death , life goes on . A sense of community has emerged in Section 60 . "  I 've come here at times and I 've met people who were paying remembrances to their loved ones . You become friendly , " Capt. Alexander said . "  You see each other sometimes and you make a friendship because you know that your loved ones died for the same cause . " Angie Capra 's husband is buried a few yards from Leroy Alexander . Air Force Tech Sgt. Anthony Capra was an explosive ordnance disposal expert , killed trying disarm a bomb in Iraq . "  Other widows will come by and put something on there for me if they do n't see me . They 'll put down flowers . It 's kind of a community , " Capra said . More than flowers adorn the graves in Section 60 . Visitors of all faiths have picked up the ancient Jewish tradition of leaving a small stone on the headstones to show that a visitor had been to the grave . In most cases these are pebbles found near the grave . But some people have taken to leaving colored glass beads or elaborately painted stones with shamrocks or words like "  hero . " View images from Section 60 " Capra recently found a small Yoda figure on her husband 's grave . She does n't know who left it , but it must have been a friend , because her husband loved "  Star Wars . " "  We never know who puts stuff " on the headstone , she said . Some mementos leave one to wonder about the story behind them . Like the headstone topped by a tiny bottle of Tabasco hot sauce . Or a set of dog tags with a name that did n't match the name on the headstone . Watch how friends say goodbye to a fallen soldier " There is another topped by a small Lego toy , perhaps left by a child whose father died in a far-off land before they even knew each other . Or the grave adorned with an empty bottle of Bud Light , a rubber duck and a candle . Nearby an empty Wild Turkey bottle is the lone addition to the grave of a soldier who died in a country where drinking alcohol is strictly forbidden . Capra has found a variety of items on Tony 's headstone . "  Coins , lots of rocks , candy . My husband was a candy freak , " Capra said . "  There was a cross . A little necklace , Mardi Gras beads during Mardi Gras season . Anything they have they 'll put on top to show that they are thinking about them at the time . " Alexander seems to draw strength from the items she finds . "  Someone came and did a picture of Lee , and it was a hand-drawn picture . I thought that was very interesting , " she said . "  People who have n't been seen in years will leave a note of some sort . It 's nice to know that you 've been remembered after all of this time . To know that we have friends who still love and support us , that is just wonderful . " Section 60 has been called the "  saddest acre in America , " and without a doubt sadness abounds . But so do comfort , support and even an occasional smile .	National cemetery 's Section 60 holds dead from Iraq , Afghanistan wars Visitors take up Jewish tradition of leaving stones on grave markers Some mourners leave tokens such as toys , empty liquor bottles Families of fallen service members meet at cemetery , form bonds
CNN  -- Venezuelan world lightweight boxing champion Edwin Valero committed suicide in his prison cell after being arrested for the murder of his wife , according to the World Boxing Council  WBC  . The 28-year-old had confessed to stabbing his wife Jennifer Carolina Viera de Valero in a hotel in the city of Valencia on Sunday before taking his own life , police confirmed . Valero was found in his cell hanged by his own clothes and though he showed some signs of life he later died , police chief Wilmer Flores Trosel told state television . "  A prisoner nearby heard noises inside the cell and told officials , who immediately went and found the boxer Valero hanging with his own clothes , " he said . The WBC said Valero is the only fighter in 300 years of the sport who can boast a 100 percent knock out rate from his 27 fights . Valero , nicknamed "  The Inca , " had recently gone into alcohol rehabilitation and was detained in March for mistreating his wife , according to media reports . He had a distinctive tattoo on his chest of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , and defeated Mexican Antonio DeMarco in his most recent fight , in February this year . A statement on the WBC 's official Web site read : "  Jose Sulaiman , World Boxing Council President , and all the members of the organization , are deeply saddened , moved and in sorrow due to the tragedy that took place regarding the case of WBC Lightweight world champion , Edwin Valero , who committed suicide in his cell after having killed his wife . "  Valero was very close to the World Boxing Council President and many of its members , who witnessed the happy years of the fighter when he won his Lightweight world title on April 4th , 2009 , and when he defended such title last February 6th , in Monterrey , where he was joined by his wife and two little children for two weeks , showing a behavior and a humanitarian sense that were very far from what happened . "  The World Boxing Council declares today , April 19th , 2010 , a day of world mourning , as well as it informs that the organization will begin analyzing a plan to set up a way in the creation of a fund for the education of his two little children , who were left alone in life after the passing away of both of their parents . "	Venezuelan world lightweight boxing champion Edwin Valero commits suicide Valero had confessed to killing his wife , police said The 28-year-old had a record of 27 wins from 27 fights - the best in 300 years of boxing
CNN  Leonard Nimoy , whose portrayal of "  Star Trek 's " logic-driven , half-human science officer Spock made him an iconic figure to generations , died Friday . He was 83 . Nimoy died this morning in Bel Air , California , his son Adam Nimoy told CNN . According to his granddaughter , Madeleine Nimoy , the cause of death was chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . His "  Star Trek " co-stars , including William Shatner and George Takei , expressed sadness at his death . "  We return you now to the stars , Leonard . You taught us to ` Live Long And Prosper , ' and you indeed did , friend , " Takei wrote . Fans honor Nimoy with tweets , Vulcan salute Nimoy 's career in show business spanned more than six decades and included stints as a stage actor , television guest star , series regular and movie veteran . He also directed a handful of films , including the box-office hit "  Three Men and a Baby " in 1987 . He was a singer  of sorts  , a published poet and an accomplished photographer . But his lasting claim to fame remains Spock , a native of the planet Vulcan whose pointed ears , unemotional manner and frequently uttered "  fascinating " endeared him to millions . Astronaut Chris Hadfield remembered him as an "  inspiration . " He felt a close connection to the character . "  Spock is definitely one of my best friends . When I put on those ears , it 's not like just another day . When I become Spock , that day becomes something special , " he told Starlog in 1989 . Still , as an actor , he wrestled with the typecasting that came with his close association with Spock . He titled a 1975 memoir "  I Am Not Spock . " Though the book was less a rejection of the character than what he went through to develop him , fans took umbrage . Twenty years later , he called another memoir "  I Am Spock . " He maintained a sense of humor about being confused with a 23rd-century space voyager . "  I had an embarrassing experience once , many years ago , " he told The New York Times in 2009 . "  I was invited to go to Caltech and was introduced to a number of very brilliant young people who were working on interesting projects . ... And they 'd say to me , ` What do you think ? ' Expecting me to have some very sound advice . And I would nod very quietly and very sagely I would say , ` You 're on the right track . ' " To the stars Leonard Simon Nimoy was actually born in Boston , far from Vulcan , on March 26 , 1931 .  His longtime "  Trek " colleague , William Shatner , was born four days earlier in Montreal .  His parents were Russian immigrants , and he was raised in an Orthodox Jewish family . He incorporated some of his religious heritage into the "  Star Trek " character , most notably the hand gesticulation accompanied by the phrase "  Live long and prosper . " It was adopted from a blessing given by a Jewish priestly class called the kohanim . Nimoy credited writer Theodore Sturgeon for the phrase "  Live long and prosper , " a variation of a spoken blessing . Nimoy continued to use the phrase long after his "  Star Trek " days : On Twitter , he would close his tweets with the abbreviation "  LLAP . " Upon graduating from high school , Nimoy acted in small productions . After encouragement from other actors , he applied to the Pasadena Playhouse in California and was accepted . He moved to the West Coast when he was 18 . His early years were bumpy ; he found the Playhouse "  disappointing " and left after a few months and , in between roles , served in the military and took jobs such as driving a cab . Nimoy eventually gained steady work as a character actor , taking parts on such series as "  Bonanza , " "  The Twilight Zone " and "  Dragnet . " It was a 1964 appearance on a show about Marines , "  The Lieutenant , " that brought him to the attention of Gene Roddenberry , the show 's producer . Nimoy in 2010 : "  I feel very fulfilled " with my work Roddenberry had pitched a science-fiction series as " ` Wagon Train ' to the stars " and liked the idea of casting Nimoy as the series ' science officer , an alien originally with red-tinted skin . Nimoy got the part in the show , which was called "  Star Trek . "  Roddenberry drew several other "  Trek " performers from "  The Lieutenant , " including Nichelle Nichols , Majel Barrett and future "  Trek " guest star Gary Lockwood . "  Star Trek " was never a major hit during its original broadcast run . It lasted just three seasons and got the third partly because of an intense viewer lobbying campaign . But the characters became indelible : Shatner 's gung-ho Capt. James T. Kirk ; DeForest Kelley 's wisecracking doctor , "  Bones " McCoy ; James Doohan 's chief engineer , Montgomery "  Scotty " Scott ; and all the rest of a diverse and -- with the exception of the half-Vulcan Spock -- all-too-human crew . According to the Internet Movie Database , Nimoy made $ 1,250 an episode for "  Trek 's " first season . Though always popular with audiences -- Shatner remembered being disappointed that Nimoy got more fan mail than he did -- Spock was n't a hit with network executives , at least at first . His pointed ears made him look satanic , the executives said , and his character was dry and logical , as opposed to the energetic Kirk . But Nimoy brought a much-needed humor to the character , with selectively raised eyebrows and deadpan delivery , and he quickly became a favorite of "  Trek " fans . Nimoy even put out a few albums of songs . The character has entered the culture as an archetype of an unemotional intellectual ; when New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd wants to criticize President Obama as being distant , she refers to him as Spock . Opinion : Nimoy is Spock , Spock is Nimoy Into the movies After three years , "  Star Trek " went off the air . Nimoy quickly rebounded by joining the cast of "  Mission : Impossible " as Paris , part of Peter Graves ' secret-agent team . In the '70s , he made a few movies -- the most notable being the 1978 remake of "  Invasion of the Body Snatchers " -- and a handful of TV guest appearances . He also hosted the syndicated show "  In Search of ... " and appeared in a number of stage plays . But Spock was never far away . Despite its short original run , "  Trek 's " 79 episodes had become rerun gold after the show 's cancellation , creating hardcore fans nicknamed "  Trekkies " and bringing the voyages of the starship Enterprise to a new generation . The show was revived for a cartoon series in the mid-1970s . Then Hollywood came calling with a theatrical feature , 1979 's "  Star Trek : The Motion Picture , " which reunited the original cast . Though the film garnered mixed reviews , it was a box-office success and led to a series of sequels , under the "  Trek " banner , that continue to this day . The "  Trek " movie series also gave Nimoy a chance to direct . He helmed both the third and fourth films , 1984 's "  The Search for Spock "  which takes place after the Spock character dies in the second film , though he 's eventually revived  and 1986 's "  The Voyage Home . " Following "  The Voyage Home , " Nimoy directed the biggest box-office hit of 1987 , "  Three Men and a Baby . " As a director , his other films include 1988 's "  The Good Mother " and 1990 's "  Funny About Love . " Though Spock kept Nimoy busy and well-employed , he found plenty of time for other endeavors . He received an Emmy nomination for the TV movie "  A Woman Called Golda , " where he appeared with Ingrid Bergman . He lent his voice and appearance to one of the best-loved "  Simpsons " episodes , "  Marge and the Monorail , " in 1993  and later was in 1997 's "  The Springfield Files "  . He narrated documentaries , provided voice-over for video games and sent up his image in some commercials , including Priceline ads with his old friend Shatner and an Audi commercial with his movie successor as Spock , Zachary Quinto . "  My heart is broken , " Quinto tweeted Friday . He also took roles in a few other TV series , notably in the paranormal series "  Fringe " as Dr. William Bell . He lent his voice to Sentinel Prime in 2011 's "  Transformers : Dark of the Moon . " Nimoy : "  Fringe " cast impressed me the most And he immersed himself in photography , a hobby he 'd taken up as a teenager . His works include "  Shekhina , " a controversial series of female nudes , and "  The Full Body Project . " ' I would choose Spock ' For all that , Nimoy knew how he 'd be remembered . He had n't left Spock behind , after all : He acted in the first two of the rebooted "  Trek " movies , playing Spock Prime in 2009 's "  Star Trek " and 2012 's "  Star Trek Into Darkness . " He and the character were now on very good terms . "  I am not Spock , " he wrote . "  But given the choice , if I had to be someone else , I would be Spock . If someone said , ` You can have the choice of being any other TV character ever played , ' I would choose Spock . I like him . I admire him . I respect him . " Nimoy married his wife , Susan Bay , in 1989 . She survives him , as do his two children by his first wife , Sandra Zober . People we 've lost in 2015	Leonard Nimoy played Spock in "  Star Trek " TV show , movies Actor was known for the half-Vulcan , half-human character Nimoy was fond of science , inspiration to many
CNN  -- Pirates captured a Belgian ship and said they were taking it to the coast of Somalia after the vessel was reported missing early Saturday , NATO and pirate sources told CNN . The Dutch frigate De Zeven Provincien tracked seven pirates Saturday back to their mother ship . The Pompei , a Belgian-registered ship believed to have a mostly Belgian and Croatian crew , was one of two vessels that came under attack near the Indian Ocean island nation of Seychelles on Saturday , the sources said . The second ship escaped the attack after a brief exchange of gunfire with pirate vessels , the pirate source added . Meanwhile , Dutch naval forces captured seven pirates and freed 20 captive fishermen after tracking the pirates to their "  mother ship " in the western Gulf of Aden on Saturday , a NATO maritime spokesman said . The Belgian government tried to communicate with the Pompei "  without success " before the ship was confirmed to have been hijacked , according to an official . See an interactive map of 2009 pirate attacks off the Horn of Africa " "  This morning we received two different channels , a silent alert , that there was a problem on the boat , which is a Belgian boat on its way to Seychelles , " Belgium Government Crisis Center spokesman Peter Martens told reporters . "  We tried to have a contact with the ship but without success until now . " The archipelago where the attack occurred is roughly 800 miles off the Somali coastline . "  Somali pirates are getting wilder and out of control , " pirate spokesman Ali Sugulle said on April 11 . "  They go too far away from the Somali -LSB- coast -RSB- and go to the Kenyan coast even . " The European Union , NATO and the United States have been patrolling the waters off Somalia since an upsurge in piracy in the region last year . No NATO vessels were in the region at the time of the attack , said Cmdr. Chris Davies from NATO 's Maritime Component Command Headquarters in Northwood , England . Meanwhile , the Dutch rescue operation happened after pirates launched an unsuccessful attack on petroleum tanker MT Handytankers Magic , NATO Cmdr. Chris Davies told CNN . The Dutch frigate De Zeven Provincien was with the NATO fleet patrolling the region . After the Dutch disarmed the pirates , they released them , Shona Lowe , a spokeswoman from the maritime headquarters , told CNN . Because the crew was on a NATO mission , they lacked the jurisdiction to hold them , according to reports . The MT Handytankers Magic is part of a fleet belonging to Handytankers , a company that distributes petroleum products in Europe , the Mediterranean , and the United States , according to the company 's Web site . Last week pirates attacked a U.S.-flagged ship , the Maersk Alabama , off the Somali coast . The crew regained control of the ship but the captain was taken hostage and held for five days on a lifeboat . The crisis ended when U.S. Navy sharpshooters shot and killed three of the pirates who were holding the captain . Journalist Mohammed Amiin contributed to this report .	NEW : The Pompei , a Belgian-registered ship , was one of two vessels attacked NEW : Islands where attack occurred are roughly 800 miles off Somali coast Dutch naval forces captured seven pirates and freed 20 captive fishermen Pirates were disarmed and freed because crew lacked jurisdiction to hold them
Washington  CNN  -- Nearly 180 Department of Homeland Security weapons were lost -- some falling into the hands of criminals -- after officers left them in restrooms , vehicles and other public places , according to an inspector general report . The officers , with Customs and Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement , "  did not always sufficiently safeguard their firearms and , as a result , lost a significant number of firearms " between fiscal year 2006 and fiscal year 2008 , the report said . In all , 243 firearms were lost in both agencies during that period , according to the January report from Inspector General Richard Skinner . Of those , 36 were lost because of circumstances beyond officers ' control -- for instance , ICE lost a firearm during an assault on an officer . Another 28 were lost even though officers had stored them in lockboxes or safes . But 74 percent , or 179 guns , were lost "  because officers did not properly secure them , " the report said . Following a review of the draft report in December , Homeland Security took steps to implement its recommendations and overhaul its property management policy , according to a response in the report . A department spokeswoman did not immediately return a call from CNN Thursday seeking comment . The report concluded the department did not have specific procedures and policies in place regarding firearms . "  Instead , DHS relied on its components to augment its general property management policies and procedures with specific guidance for safeguarding and controlling firearms , " it said . "  Although some component policies and procedures for safeguarding firearms were sufficient , personnel did not always follow them . " The inspector general cited several examples of "  inappropriate practices . " A customs officer , for instance , left a firearm in an idling vehicle in the parking lot of a convenience store . The vehicle was stolen while the officer was inside . "  A local law enforcement officer later recovered the firearm from a suspected gang member and drug smuggler , " the report said . In addition , an ICE officer left an M-4 rifle and a shotgun unsecured in a closet at his home . Both weapons were stolen in a burglary and later recovered from a felon , according to the report . Another officer left his firearm in the restroom of a fast-food restaurant , and it was gone when he returned . "  Other CBP and ICE officers left firearms in places such as a fast food restaurant parking lot , a bowling alley and a clothing store , " the report said . "  Although our review focused on CBP and ICE , other components described similar incidents . For example , a TSA officer left a firearm in a lunch box on the front seat of an unlocked vehicle ; the officer realized the firearm was stolen when he returned to the vehicle two days later , " said the report . "  Officers may have prevented many of these losses had they exercised reasonable care when storing their weapons . " Of the 179 lost because of laxity , 120 were reported stolen and 59 as lost , the report said . That resulted from the agencies ' lack of guidance on a standard method for classifying and reporting lost firearms , as well as "  a common perception among officers that reporting a stolen firearm was more acceptable than reporting a lost firearm . "  Although CBP and ICE reported 120 firearms as stolen , our analysis showed that these firearms were lost  stolen  because officers left the firearms unsecured , " according to the report . "  All 179 losses may have been prevented had the officers properly secured their firearms . " The department had about 188,500 weapons in its inventory as of last summer , the report said . The majority are assigned to Customs and Border Protection and ICE officers , but others are carried by agencies including the U.S. Coast Guard , the U.S. Secret Service and the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center .	Customs , ICE officers "  did not always sufficiently safeguard their firearms , " report says Of 243 guns , 179 were lost "  because officers did not properly secure them " Guns were left in unlocked cars , fast food restaurants , bowling alleys Homeland Security responds by overhauling property management policy
WIRED  -- As Sly Stone said , the nicer the nice , the higher the price.The question is , is the more expensive Xoom nicer than the comparable iPad ? The experience is markedly different , that 's for sure . Anyone familiar with Apple 's market-leading tablet -- and the Xoom invites the comparison -- will face a few moments of disorientation when picking up the Xoom for the first time . A few details are unsettling to iPad users , such as the location of the power button  on the rear of the device  , the lack of front-facing command buttons , and the unfamiliar location of the volume rocker . Those details will be irrelevant to non-Apple users , of course , but even dedicated Android fans will find that the Xoom 's version of the OS , Android 3.0 Honeycomb , takes a bit of getting used to . Some things do n't work the same as they do on older versions of Android . For instance , instead of holding down the  virtual  "  home " button to see a list of running apps , there 's now a separate icon for displaying a vertical menu of apps . To see the full list of installed apps , you press a separate "  apps " button in the upper right of the screen . And while the lack of front hardware buttons gives the device a cleaner look , it does mean that virtual buttons clutter up the display and rob you of screen space in most applications . It 's a tradeoff . But once you 've oriented yourself to Honeycomb 's and Xoom 's idiosyncracies , what emerges is a tablet that 's very well suited to reading and to video . The Xoom has a 10.1-inch screen  measuring 8.5 by 5.25 inches  , and it 's as bright and sharp as any other high-end tablet . We did notice a slightly discolored band running down the edge of the screen on one side , but since we ca n't compare it to other Xooms yet , we do n't know if this is a problem with our review unit or a more general manufacturing defect . The 1280 × 800 screen is pretty close to a standard widescreen aspect ratio , so videos can fill the whole screen with minimal clipping . The Xoom is a little bit shorter than the iPad in landscape mode , but that means that when you flip the Xoom to portrait mode , the screen is skinnier and taller . This is actually perfect for reading books , scrolling down web pages , or catching up on Instapaper . It 's comfortable to hold the Xoom with one hand while you swipe with the other , and because the vertical page is so tall , there 's less swiping than on smaller screens . WIRED : Read more about iPad 's FX Photo Studio The rubbery back panel has enough grip that you do n't really need to clamp onto the thing while you 're reading . If you feel fatigued by holding your iPad one-handed for long periods of time like I do , you 'll appreciate this . In short , it 's an excellent , basic media consumption device -- as long as your media does n't rely on stellar audio . If you 're planning on zoning out with a movie or a few videos , we 'd recommend keeping a decent pair of headphones on hand . The big problem with the sound ? The speakers are in the back of the tablet . They sound fine if you turn the tablet around to face the speakers toward you , but if you 're holding the Xoom so you can see its screen , the sound is projecting away from your head . Everything sounds muffled : movie dialog is harder to understand and music just sounds dead and lifeless . There 's an optional dock with speakers built in , but when you plop the Xoom into the dock to watch a movie , the dock speakers sit behind the tablet , too . So it 's the same problem all over again , just a little louder . The Xoom has two cameras : A front-facing , 2-megapixel camera is meant for video conferencing and webcam chats , while a rear-facing , 5-megapixel camera is meant for shooting still photos and video . Taking pictures with it feels funny . It 's the same as snapping a picture your phone , except the thing you 're holding is four times the size . On the other hand , being able to compose a photo while looking at something bigger than a 5 × 7 print is a real luxury , as it lets you see details you would n't otherwise notice on a small phone screen or camera viewfinder . It 's awkward , but we suspect it will become commonplace within a few months now that every tablet is getting a camera built into the back . With an $ 800 entry price  or $ 600 if you 're willing to commit to a two-year Verizon data contract at $ 20 per month  , the Xoom is a bigger leap of faith than Apple 's market-leading tablet . Granted , the most comparable iPad -- the one with 32GB of storage and a 3G wireless connection -- costs $ 730 , making it just $ 70 cheaper than the un-subsidized Xoom . But if you want to sample the iPad , a 16GB Wi-Fi only version is available for $ 500 , and so far Motorola has announced nothing in a comparable price range for the Xoom . For that reason we think fewer people are likely to jump on the Xoom bandwagon . Those who do will be attracted by the widescreen format , the ability to buy apps without going through Apple 's restrictive App Store . For those who want a more fully-finished , polished experience , however , we recommend waiting for a future Android tablet -- or the iPad . The Xoom is a credible contender , but it 's not quite on par with the market leader yet . WIRED Big , widescreen display offers plenty of room for video and for reading . Fast 1-GHz processor promises great performance for future games and apps . Honeycomb simplifies and optimizes the Android interface for tablets . Dual cameras and an optional external keyboard make this a credible notebook  or at least netbook  replacement . TIRED Rear-facing speakers do n't do justice to any kind of audio . The button thing is weird . Honeycomb seems to have some bugs to work out . No support for Adobe Flash-based content . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Xoom invites the comparison for Apple 's market-leading tablet There 's an optional dock with speakers built in We think fewer people are likely to jump on the Xoom bandwagon
House Republicans are seizing on the opportunity to tie MIT economist Jonathan Gruber to President Barack Obama after a videos surfaced of Gruber insulting voters and saying Americans were mislead into supporting the President 's signature health care law . Rep. Darrell Issa ,  R-Calif .  , who chairs the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , requested Gruber 's testimony in a hearing to "  examine transparency failures related to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act , " according to a letter signed by Issa on Thursday . Gruber made headlines earlier this month when videos emerged of him saying that the passage of the Affordable Care Act was largely because of the "  stupidity of the American voter " and a "  lack of transparency . " Obama has distanced himself from Gruber and his remarks from over a year ago , calling Gruber "  some adviser who never worked on our staff . " RELATED : Obama promised Obamacare would n't do exactly what Gruber says it will do But Gruber appeared in a 2012 campaign video for the president , touting the similarities between the Affordable Care Act -- now known as Obamacare -- and GOP Presidential nominee Mitt Romney 's legislation in Massachusetts , which many say served as Obama 's blueprint . There 's no word yet on whether Gruber will show up -- but he has until Monday to make a decision .	Rep. Darrell Issa called Jonathan Gruber to testify before a House committee Gruber said Obamacare passed in part because of the "  stupidity of the American voter " President Barack Obama has distanced himself from Gruber and the remarks
CNN  -- Half a century after the heyday of Camelot , a treasure trove of John F. Kennedy personal items now belongs to a bevy of JFK fanatics . At the center of the cache : Kennedy 's Air Force One bomber jacket , which sold at auction Sunday for $ 629,000 . Bidding for the brown leather jacket , affixed with a patch of the presidential seal , far exceeded the pre-auction estimate of $ 20,000 to $ 40,000 . The $ 629,000 total includes an 18 % buyer 's premium , or the amount paid to the auction house , according to John McInnis Auctioneers of Massachusetts . Kennedy 's jacket is among hundreds of JFK memorabilia nearly forgotten about until the family of David Powers , Kennedy 's special assistant and close friend , discovered the locked stockpile while preparing to sell the family 's home . The items auctioned included a collection of Kennedy family photographs from the late 1930s , working copies of a foreign policy speech and signed letters from the president to his parents . The stash also includes a May 29 , 1963 , birthday card for Kennedy signed by his toddler son , John Jr. , as well as a marked-up itinerary for his final presidential trip , a visit to Dallas in November 1963 . Powers was with Kennedy the day the president was assassinated in 1963 . He became the first curator of the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum and died in 1998 . November 22 marks the 50th anniversary of Kennedy 's assassination in Dallas .	The family of JFK 's assistant and close friend auction a cache of personal items David Powers ' family discovered the locked stockpile while trying to sell the family house The hundreds of items include Kennedy family photos and letters from JFK to his parents The stash also includes a birthday card signed by John Jr. and Kennedy 's itinerary to Dallas
CNN  -- Reality TV star Heidi Pratt was hospitalized Saturday in Costa Rica , her publicist confirmed . Heidi Pratt was taken to a hospital for an undisclosed illness , her publicist said Saturday . The details about Pratt 's hospitalization were not immediately available . Pratt , star of MTV 's "  The Hills , " has been competing on NBC 's "  I 'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here , " a reality show about surviving the jungle . Pratt and her husband , Spencer , tried to quit the show earlier in the week , but later decided to return . "  We realized that we made a big mistake and that the devil got to us and said , ` Get out of the jungle , ' " Pratt said . "  We realized it 's not even about us . "  It 's about the charity , and it 's about the experience here and we took that for granted , " she said .	Heidi Pratt was rushed to a hospital in Costa Rica for undisclosed illness Pratt is currently appearing on "  I 'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here " Pratt had blamed "  the devil " for wanting to leave show earlier in week
CNN  For a guy whose most famous character who felt no emotion , Leonard Nimoy is the recipient of a ton of feelings . After TMZ reported that the legendary actor beloved as Mr. Spock on "  Star Trek " had been rushed to the hospital last week with severe chest pains , friends and fans alike took to social media to wish him well . On Monday , some wise words about life appeared on Nimoy 's official Twitter account . In February 2014 , Nimoy announced that he had been diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 30 years after having given up cigarettes .	"  Star Trek " star Nimoy was reportedly rushed to the hospital His former castmates wished him well Fans also shared get-well wishes
CNN  -- Languishing in the tennis equivalent of purgatory , the road to redemption for Viktor Troicki is likely to be a long one . The Serb returns to the professional tour after his contentious one-year doping suspension ended Monday , but at a time when he should be in his prime Troicki is ranked 842nd -- or in tennis ' abyss . That means , without wildcards , he 'll struggle to get into ATP and even second-tier events . It 's a world away from when Troicki was ranked 12th or when he became only the seventh man in the Open Era to win the decisive fifth match in a Davis Cup final . "  Honestly , it 's been a tough year , " Troicki told CNN in a telephone interview . "  Mentally it was tough to handle everything but as time went on , I started preparing and practicing , and I was focused on my comeback and new start -- and looking forward to it . " From a financial standpoint , many might not have much sympathy for the 28-year-old . After all , he claimed $ 900,000 in prize money in 2011 and has pocketed $ 4.5 million in his career . Even taking into account expenses , he 's probably made a nice profit , and Troicki acknowledged that during his time away from the game , he 's been able to live a "  normal " life . He felt wronged by his ban and in that respect , he has backers including good pal and world No. 1 Novak Djokovic . Troicki 's tale was a case of he said , she said . Feeling ill and saying he had a longstanding fear of needles , Troicki refused to take a blood test at the Monte Carlo Masters in April 2013 . He submitted the requisite urine sample . He claimed doping control officer Elena Gorodilova told him he could skip the blood test that day without facing any punishment so long as he explained the situation to Stuart Miller , head of the ITF 's anti-doping program . Gorodilova denied that claim but when the Court of Arbitration for Sport -- Troicki appealed his original 18-month ban from the ITF -- issued its irrevocable verdict in November , it stated : "  The CAS panel considered that the DCO should have informed the player in clearer terms of the risks caused by his refusal to undergo a blood test but that , despite the misunderstanding between the player and the DCO , there was no suggestion that Mr. Troicki intended to evade the detection of a banned substance in his system . " Still CAS ruled that Troicki "  did indeed commit an anti-doping violation " and his sanction stood , though was reduced by six months . Troicki still ponders the ordeal -- and "  often . " "  I think about it a lot , I ca n't lie , " said Troicki , who took his blood test the next day . "  For me it just feels unfair because I know what really happened in there . I know I never wanted to cheat . In the end I was totally clean and that 's what hurts me . "  She informed me wrong and I paid a big bill for that . I was always compliant with the rules and anti-doping system . " Jack Reader , Troicki 's coach , went as far as to say that what happened was "  disgusting . " "  It 's laughable , it 's disgusting , it 's incredible how it is , " Reader told CNN . "  He followed her advice . Okay , he was negligent of the rules , but not a year 's worth . "  I think it 's unbelievably exaggerated the whole thing . Now we 're moving on and we 'll just prove to people something else . " In response to Reader 's comments , Miller said that all players were treated "  equally and fairly . " "  Mr. Troicki was afforded , and took , the opportunity to provide evidence to the Independent tribunal and the Court of Arbitration for Sport , both of which concluded that he had committed an anti-doping rule violation , " said MIller in an emailed statement sent to CNN . CNN attempted to contact Gorodilova but a message left with International Doping Tests and Management Limited -- whom Gorodilova was working for -- was n't returned . Early in his suspension , it was too painful for Troicki to watch tennis , he said , but he has done more of that in the last few months . Djokovic , meanwhile , has continued to help Troicki . After defending Troicki at the year-end championships , Djokovic has then practiced with his fellow Belgrade native . According to Troicki , some of their hitting sessions took place in Dubai , Miami and Monte Carlo -- just before qualifying began at those events . Under the terms of his ineligibility , Troicki was n't breaking any rules . "  Novak helped me a lot when he had weeks of preparation , he always invited me , " said Troicki . "  He really did a lot for me and I will never forget that . " Reader has stuck by Troicki , too . He told the New York Times he was entitled to 100,000 euros  $ 135,000  if Troicki was ever found guilty of doping , but has n't cashed in . "  I could have had a nice holiday , " Reader , a laid-back Aussie , told CNN with a smile in June at the AEGON Championships . "  I did n't think it was justifiable to use that part of the contract . "  I felt Vik had enough problems and I wanted to stand by him . Now it 's up to me and particularly him , to get repayment . " Matching his monetary success of 2011 wo n't happen for a while . "  Financially it 's been terrible , " Troicki said . "  When I start playing I wo n't be able to compete at the level I was , at the biggest tournaments , biggest prize moneys . " He tried to get a wild card into the main draw at next week 's ATP Swiss Open in Gstaad but was unsuccessful , and unless there are no shows , ca n't get into qualifying , either . The first priority for wild cards in qualifying are given to Swiss players , vice tournament director Julien Finkbeiner told CNN . Yet , "  it would be a good thing for us if he gets into the main draw , " Finkbeiner said , presumably because of Troicki 's standing as a former top-15 pro . "  He 's going to need wild cards into anything , Futures even , " said Reader , referring to the third rung of tennis ' professional ladder where some titlists in the first week of July received about $ 2,000 . That 's a huge initial huge wage cut for Troicki given first-round losers at Wimbledon pick up $ 46,000 . Troicki 's suspension came with at least one positive . He went back to school , studying sports management at Alfa University in Belgrade , and Reader said the rest Troicki 's body received should add a "  couple of years " to his career . "  It will take me another three or four years to graduate , " Troicki said . "  It was the first time I thought about what to do with myself after my tennis career because you stop doing what you love and all of a sudden I do n't have anything . A degree is "  something that could be useful after my career , " Troicki continued . But for now , Troicki 's goal is to re-establish himself at the elite level . Troicki said he has been drug tested multiple times in the last year . If he 's unwell and asked to take a blood test again at a tournament , he knows what he 'd do . "  Well , I would definitely do it , " he said . "  If I was told I must definitely do it or else I 'd get a ban , I would have done it back then . "  For sure I learned a huge lesson . I will definitely pay more attention to this and try for it not to happen again . "	Viktor Troicki returns to the tennis tour after serving a one-year doping suspension Troicki did n't fail a test but initially refused to take a blood test in April 2013 Formerly the No. 12 in the world , Troicki 's ranking has fallen to 842nd He went back to school during his time away , studying sports management
CNN  -- Ali Hussein Kadhim was not supposed to live to tell his story or that of the hundreds of other Iraqi soldiers and Shiites who were massacred in June by ISIS militants in Tikrit . But on the execution line that day the bullet destined for him whizzed past his head and he fell forward feigning to be fatally wounded . Kadhim lived to tell his story to the New York Times , which produced a gripping video offering a rare survivor 's retelling of one of countless massacres carried out by the brutal Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . "  It took 23 days from the day of the massacre until he was reunited with his family , " Adam Ellick , a senior video journalist for the New York Times , told CNN Thursday . "  I think the best way I would describe it is a combination Schindler 's List-style escape and an Underground Railroad of local Samaritans sort of putting humanity before everything else . " Brutality has become a propaganda tool for the militants . It has included processions of soldiers making their way across the desert in their underwear before facing a hail of bullets , the beheading of American journalists and even crucifixions . The militants often capture the killings on videos distributed throughout the world like bloody calling cards of their cruel campaign . Kadhim shares ISIS survival tale with New York Times Kadhim , 23 , is the rare witness . Pretending to be dead among a pile of bodies , Kadhim told the Times that he waited for hours until he was able to escape . "  It 's one of those stories where every time you feel relaxed something else bad happens to Ali , " Ellick said . ISIS claimed it killed 1,700 Shiite soldiers that day , making the killings the deadliest sectarian atrocity in Iraq 's recent history , according to the Times . On the video , Kadhim points to a computer screen showing footage of him among the pile of bodies during the Tikrit massacre . "  This is me , " he said . "  I 'm 100 % sure . Not only 100 % . A million percent . " Kadhim was fourth in line for execution . The bullet buzzed past his head . His face already was splattered with the blood of others . He feigned death . "  I thought it was the end , " he told the Times . "  There was nothing more to fear . But then I remembered my family . ... Who will care for them ? " That gave him a will to live . Said Ellick : "  He got lucky and I think his desperation worked in his favor . "	Ali Hussein Kadhim recounts ISIS massacre in New York Times He tells Times he survived by feigning death ISIS uses brutality as calling card , often purposely capturing atrocities on video
CNN  -- When President Xi Jinping arrives in Seoul this week , the Chinese leader will have passed over North Korea in favor of its arch rival . Although Beijing remains North Korea 's strongest ally , Xi is breaking with tradition by visiting South Korea first , rather than Pyongyang . "  It 's clearly a rebuff to Kim Jong Un , " said David Kang , professor of international relations and business at the University of Southern California , referring to North Korea 's leader . Xi is expected to be in South Korea for two days to discuss trade and regional security issues , including North Korea . Trade between the two countries surpassed $ 270 billion in 2013 . And China remains South Korea 's main trading partner . Since Xi and President Park took office in their respective countries last year , the two nations have solidified a steady relationship , with several political and economic shared interests . The two have expressed similar concerns about North Korea 's nuclear ambitions in particular . Nuclear priority Both China and South Korea pledged their commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula when the two heads of state met at a nuclear summit in the Netherlands in March . But this increasingly cozy relationship could be a concern for Pyongyang . On Wednesday morning , North Korea launched two short-range rockets off its east coast , according to South Korea . The secretive regime also fired "  projectiles " into waters off its coast on Sunday and on June 26 , prompting speculation about whether North Korea was expressing displeasure with the upcoming meeting between Xi and Park . A Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said he did n't see any connection with the launches and Xi 's upcoming visit , according to Yonhap , South Korea 's semi-official news agency . With closer ties between South Korea and China , "  North Korea is worried it can be isolated in northeast Asia , " said Kim Hankwon , director of the Center for Regional Studies at the Asan Institute for Policy Studies in Seoul . North Korea has begun talks with Japan and struck economic deals with Russia which could indicate that Kim Jong Un is trying to "  reduce dependency on China , " he added . Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions have tested China 's patience at times . "  Most North Korean provocations hurt China 's military and security interests , " said Kim . "  The U.S. has increased its military and security influence over northeast Asia -- their rationale was North Korea 's nuclear threats . " This has brought more U.S. involvement in east Asia , much to China 's chagrin . Despite Beijing 's disagreements with North Korea , there may not be much change in their decades-long alliance , Kim added . "  China is angry at North Korea 's military provocation . That does not mean that China has changed its strategy towards North Korea . " Beijing tries to strike a balanced relationship with the Koreas , talking to the South about economic issues and the North about political topics , " Kim said . Common ground Apart from the issue of North Korea , China and South Korea have bonded through their distrust of Japan . "  China and South Korea share a number of issues concerning Japan including the comfort women , and the announcement of -LSB- Japan 's Prime Minister -RSB- Abe reinterpreting the constitution , " said Kang , director of Korean Studies Institute at USC . On Tuesday , Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe confirmed the "  reinterpretation " of the country 's pacifist postwar constitution , which will allow the Japanese military to assist in conflicts overseas . Both China and South Korea issued predictably chilly responses to the announcement . The two countries bitterly disagree with the way Japan has addressed its military past , especially over the issue of so-called comfort women , who were forced into sexual slavery by Japan 's imperial forces before and during World War II . Both countries are also involved in territorial disputes with Japan over the Diaoyu/Senkaku islands and Dokdo/Takeshima islands . North Korea fires two short-range rockets into sea North Korea proposes end to hostilities with South -- with conditions Family of woman abducted by North Korea hopes talks will bring closure	China 's president Xi Jinping to meet with South Korean President Park Geun-hye Visit breaks tradition of Chinese leaders meeting first with North Korea China and South Korea enjoy closer relationship
There are two Rick Santorums : The first one I might not agree with , but the second one truly scares me . "  Santorum One " pushes for less government regulation for corporations and shrinking the federal government . You may or may not agree with these positions , but they are both mainstream conservative fare . Then there 's "  Santorum Two . " This Santorum wants to impose conservative Christian law upon America . Am I being hyperbolic or overly dramatic with this statement ? I wish I were , but I 'm not . Plainly put , Rick Santorum wants to convert our current legal system into one that requires our laws to be in agreement with religious law , not unlike what the Taliban want to do in Afghanistan . Santorum is not hiding this . The only reason you may not be aware of it is because up until his recent surge in the polls , the media were ignoring him . However , "  Santorum Two " was out there telling anyone who would listen . He told a crowd at a November campaign stop in Iowa in no uncertain terms , "  our civil laws have to comport with a higher law : God 's law . " On Thanksgiving Day at an Iowa candidates ' forum , he reiterated : "  We have civil laws , but our civil laws have to comport with the higher law . " Yes , that means exactly what you think it does : Santorum believes that each and every one of our government 's laws must match God 's law , warning that "  as long as there is a discordance between the two , there will be agitation . " I 'm not exactly sure what "  agitation " means in this context , but I think it 's a code word for something much worse than acid reflux . And as an aside , when Santorum says "  God , " he means "  not any god  but  the God of Abraham , Isaac and Jacob . " So , if your god differs from Rick 's , your god 's views will be ignored , just like the father is on "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians . " Some of you might be asking : How far will "  Santorum Two " take this ? It 's not like he 's going to base public policy decisions on Bible passages , right ? Well , here 's what Santorum had to say just last week when asked about his opposition to gay marriage : "  We have Judeo-Christian values that are based on biblical truth . ... And those truths do n't change just because people 's attitudes may change . " Santorum could not be more unambiguous : His policy decisions will be based on "  biblical truths , " and as he noted , these "  truths " will not change regardless of whether public opinion has evolved since the time the Bible was written thousands of years ago . Imagine if either of the two Muslim members of Congress declared their support for a proposed American law based on verses from the Quran . The outcry would be deafening , especially from people like Santorum . One of the great ironies is that Santorum has been a leader in sounding alarm bells that Muslims want to impose Islamic law -- called Sharia law -- upon non-Muslims in America . While Santorum fails to offer even a scintilla of credible evidence to support this claim , he continually warns about the "  creeping " influence of Muslim law . Santorum 's fundamental problem with Sharia law is that it 's "  not just a religious code . It is also a governmental code . It happens to be both religious in nature and origin , but it is a civil code . " Consequently , under the Sharia system , the civil laws of the land must comport with God 's law . Now , where did I hear about someone wanting to impose only laws that agree with God 's law in America ? So , what type of nation might the United States be under Rick Santorum 's Sharia law ? 1 . Rape victims would be forced to give birth to the rapist 's child . Santorum has stated that his religious beliefs dictate that life begins at conception , and as a result , rape victims would be sentenced to carrying the child of the rapist for nine months . 2 . Gay marriages would be annulled . Santorum recently declared that not only does he oppose gay marriages , but he supports a federal constitutional amendment that would ban them , invalidating all previous gay marriages that have legally been sanctioned by states and thus callously destroying marriages and thrusting families into chaos . 3 . Santorum would ban all federal funding for birth control and would not oppose any state that wanted to pass laws making birth control illegal . 4 . No porn ! I 'm not kidding . Santorum signed "  The Marriage Vow " pledge  PDF  authored by the Family Leader organization , under which he swears to oppose pornography . I think many would agree that alone should disqualify him from being president . To me , "  Santorum Two " truly poses an existential threat to the separation of church and state , one of the bedrock principles of our nation since its inception . Not only did Thomas Jefferson speak of the need to create "  a wall of separation between church and state , " so did Santorum 's idol , Ronald Reagan , who succinctly stated , "  church and state are , and must remain , separate . " While there may be millions of Americans who in their heart agree with the views of "  Santorum Two , " it is my hope they will reject any attempts to move America closer to a becoming the Afghanistan of the Western Hemisphere .	Dean Obeidallah : Santorum would like to impose Christian law on U.S. He says Santorum has repeatedly said he thinks civil law should reflect Christian law He says candidate would annul gay marriages , compel rape victims to give birth Obeidallah : How does this differ from Sharia law Santorum warns about , denounces ?
Prosecutors began a criminal investigation Wednesday into the Vatican 's former ambassador to the Dominican Republic , a day after a local church representative said the pope had recalled the envoy because of child abuse allegations . "  We have formally opened an investigation , " Dominican Attorney General Francisco Dominguez Brito told reporters . "  Here we have to work with two legal aspects , first national laws and also international laws in his status as a diplomat , which implies other mechanisms of investigation and judgment . " The Vatican confirmed Wednesday that Jozef Wesolowski had been removed from his post and that an investigation is under way but did not say what allegations were made . Wesolowski had been an apostolic nuncio , the Vatican 's official representative in the Dominican Republic . But the pope pulled him from the post last month after an internal church report connected him with child abuse and pedophilia , according to Monsignor Agripino Nunez Collado , the rector of a Catholic university and spokesman for the church in the country . "  It is a situation that really shames and hurts the conscience of all Catholics , " he told reporters Tuesday . "  Really when there are these kinds of situations , justice must be done . " The former nuncio 's whereabouts were unclear Wednesday , and he could not be reached by CNN en Español for comment . The situation goes beyond the authority of Dominican church officials , Nunez said , because Wesolowski was the Vatican 's envoy there . "  It was a surprise for me . It is an unprecedented case , " Nunez said . "  An ambassador of the Holy See , that it reaches that level . " Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi confirmed Wesolowski 's removal and that "  an investigation is ongoing regarding the accusations moved toward him . " The church 's sexual abuse guidelines allow local dioceses to make the initial decisions on the removal of accused priests . Papal nuncios , however , are appointed and supervised by the Vatican . Before he was elected pope , Francis said that he supports a "  zero tolerance " approach to clergy sexual abuse . In 2012 , when Francis was still Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio , he said that when he was asked for advice by another bishop , "  I told him to take away the priests ' licenses , not to allow them to exercise the priesthood any more , and to begin a canonical trial in that diocese 's court . " For years , the Catholic Church has faced calls for reform in the wake of scandals involving the sexual abuse of children by priests and allegations of corruption . Shortly after his election to the papacy , Francis told a senior Vatican official to "  act decisively " against sexual abuse and carry out "  due proceedings against the guilty . " In July , the pope made it a crime to abuse children sexually or physically on Vatican grounds . The acts were already crimes under church law , but are now specifically outlawed within the Vatican city-state , which is home to hundreds of people .	"  We have formally opened an investigation , " the attorney general says The pope recalls the Vatican 's ambassador to the Dominican Republic A report connected the nuncio to child abuse and pedophilia , church rep says Wesolowski could not be reached for comment
CNN  -- In nearly two thirds of Middle Eastern countries , there are more women than men in university , according to United Nations statistics . This is a giant step towards -- and in many cases beyond -- one of the United Nation 's Millennium Development Goals : to eliminate gender disparity in all levels of education by 2015 . While most women 's rights campaigners welcome the progress in education , many are concerned it does not translate into greater equality in the workplace . "  The gender gap has been closed in education in many Arab countries , which is a big achievement of recent years , " said Dima Dabbous-Sensenig , Director of the Institute for Women 's Studies in the Arab World at the Lebanese American University . "  It 's very recent , " she added . "  Even in the 1990s there was a big gender gap in education . However , there 's a paradox that we have a lot of women getting a higher education and they are still too absent from the workforce and politics . "  The idea that education is key to more women reaching positions of power has not materialized . " In Lebanon , for example , women make up 54 % of university students , but only 26 % of the labor force and 8 % of legislators , senior officials and managers , according to the United Nations Statistics Division . Qatar has the region 's second highest percentage of women in higher education -- 63 % of the university population , and 93 % literacy among women . However , women make up just 12 % of the labor force and only 7 % of legislators , senior officials and managers , the same statistics show . In Europe and the United States , women also make up the majority of university graduates -- 60 % according to the European Union and U.S. Department of Education . However , women made up 40.5 % of the global labor force in 2008 , according to International Labor Organization statistics . The factors driving young women to seek a university education are not also driving them into the workplace , Dabbous-Sensenig said . Also read : Saudi female entrepreneurs "  In some Gulf countries I think many women go to university to find a better husband or to fill time before they get married . "  Lack of protection for women at work and harassment are among the factors that keep women out of the workplace . " For others , university is a luxury unavailable to men who are expected to become breadwinners . "  Some men ca n't go to higher education because they need to make money as soon as they leave school , " said Dabbous-Sensenig . "  Fewer men go on to masters degrees than women because it 's too many years before they can start working . " Nawar Al-Hassan Golley , Associate Professor in Literary Theory and Women 's Studies at the American University of Sharjah , in the United Arab Emirates , said both the high percentage of women in university and their absence from the workforce can be explained in the social upbringing of girls . "  Girls and boys continue to be socialized very differently with different expectations , " she said . "  Boys have more personal freedoms to go outside the home , whereas girls continue to be socialized within the home . "  Therefore , for many girls school is their only opportunity to make friends and socialize outside the family , so it is something they look forward to . "  Boys have more freedoms outside of school and see school as somewhere with unnecessary discipline . This may make boys more likely to drop out of school than girls . " This pattern continues at university , said Al-Hassan Golley . "  Girls tend to be brought up to be wives and mothers and the majority of girls in the United Arab Emirates marry straight after graduation , " she said . "  So university is something they look forward to as their last few years of freedom before they are restricted by family life . "  For boys there are more temptations as they can get jobs such as in the military or police that are well paid without having to go through an academically challenging degree . " While the high numbers of women getting a good education has not yet translated into parity in the workforce , it is a step in the right direction , both women agree . Also on Inside the Middle East : The film director who 's not allowed to go to the movies "  I believe that things will change gradually , " said Dabbous-Sensenig . "  The more women are highly educated , some of them will become motivated , independent young women who will get good jobs . Thirty years ago they did n't have that option . " Al-Hassan Golley added : "  I think it will take a long time before women break through these cultural and societal expectations . "  At my university we have a Women 's Studies program that discusses these issues and helps challenge these expectations and students respond very positively to them . " Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer @SchamsCNN and writer Catriona Davies @catrionadavies	Women make up majority of university population in two thirds of Middle Eastern countries Despite high level of education , women are still under-represented in labor force Disparity is caused by society 's expectations and upbringing of girls , according to academics
CNN  -- Almost every American ally in the Middle East is desperately calling out for help , and we are ignoring them . Turkey , Israel , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Bahrain -- and behind closed doors , even Egypt -- want American involvement in Syria to stop the blood bath . But the twin ghosts of Iraq and Afghanistan seem to have paralyzed America in the Arab world . On Thursday , Turkey 's prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , will visit President Barack Obama in Washington . This is an ideal opportunity to throw American weight behind greater Turkish leadership in resolving the Syrian conflict -- and declare as much from the White House . The conflict is spreading fast outside of Syria , and unless regional powers such as Turkey , Israel and Saudi Arabia are empowered to act militarily , and swiftly , many more lives will be lost and the Middle East further destabilized . Only this weekend , Bashar al-Assad 's intelligence agencies were linked to two car bombings in Hatay , Turkey , that killed more than 50 people and injured more than 100 . Syria is now home to radical Sunni Islamists from across the globe who want to bring down al-Assad , and Shiite fighters from Hezbollah who support the Syrian president . Beyond geopolitics and games of nation states , Syria is a raw human disaster : Some 80,000 people have been killed , 1 million refugees have fled to neighboring countries , and millions more are displaced inside Syria . For how much longer will we stand by and watch ? I oppose direct U.S. military intervention in Syria , but recent actions by Israel , daring attacks on Turkey and last month 's rapprochement between these two important nations means that there is now new scope for greater regional involvement in Syria . Secretary of State John Kerry is right to pursue a new diplomatic settlement through Moscow , but his hand is only as strong as the force gathering on al-Assad 's doorsteps . In other words , let us say yes to diplomacy , but not be naÃ ¯ ve and think that al-Assad and his Iranian backers can not outmaneuver the wiliest diplomats . They have rebuffed at least five other such attempts . Diplomacy must be backed by force . Al-Assad understands the language of military strength -- of armies keeping fighting factions apart , aircrafts enforcing a "  no-fly " zone , bombs on his runways , tanks outside his presidential palace , ships on the seas . That is not to say that the killings continue . Erdogan has been sensitive when dealing with PKK terrorists in not killing them for fear of collateral damage . That same spirit of protecting human lives must inform Turkish leadership in Syria . First , al-Assad and his family need to leave Syria for Russia , Iran or elsewhere . Their days of ruling like a mafia are over . Large segments of the Syrian people have lost their fear of al-Assad , and will not settle for anything less than his departure . He must either do so freely and immediately , or meet the fate of Moammar Gadhafi and Saddam Hussein . Second , al-Assad is not the protector of Syria 's minorities , as many mistakenly believe . He is the cause of mass killings that are likely to get worse without external intervention . Genocide of Syria 's minorities will have a ripple effect on tribes and religious minorities in Iraq , Lebanon and Jordan . Turkey and regional and NATO forces should make it their utmost priority to prevent it . Third , with all their divisions and sectarian pettiness , it is the Syrian opposition that must own Syria . Colin Powell 's admonition that "  If you break it , you own it " can not be applied to outside countries with Syria -- the owners must be the Syrian opposition  with all its flaws  , not Turkey , far less Israel or Saudi Arabia or others who "  break " al-Assad 's grip . Fourth , removing al-Assad and safeguarding Syrian communities is not the end , but a new beginning . Syria can go in any number of directions . The challenge from Islamist radicalism and terrorism inside Syria is real -- they can be confronted there , and prevented from traveling elsewhere and spreading their virus of violence . As Syria works toward rebuilding its infrastructure , economy , society and polity , the United States can not turn its back on a country that shares borders with Jordan , Turkey , Iraq , Israel and Lebanon . For now , Washington needs to respond to the calls of our allies in the Middle East , and in doing so , bring Turks , Israelis and Arabs closer in cooperation as they seek to liberate Syria from the clutches of a corrupt clan and ensure it remains free from the fanatics of Islamist fundamentalism . Closer engagement by these three regional forces through U.S. assistance now also puts in place roots for a post-al-Assad Syria that is less hostile to Israel . America does not need to lead always ; it can and must support its allies . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Husain .	Ed Husain : Mideast allies want U.S. involvement to stop Syria violence , but U.S. reluctant He says when Obama meets with Turkey 's prime minister , he should back Turkey taking lead Husain : Diplomacy needed , but Bashar-al-Assad is wily , understands force He says Israelis , Arabs , Turks can cooperate to help rid Syria of al-Assad with U.S. help
CNN  Iran 's judicial system believes in the ancient concept of "  an eye for an eye " -- literally . On Tuesday , a man convicted of blinding another man in an acid attack was himself forcibly blinded in one eye , according to Amnesty International and Tasnim News , a semi-official news website . The punishment is believed to be Iran 's first case of Qasas , meaning retribution in kind , Tasnim News said . Amnesty International denounced the sentence . "  This punishment exposes the utter brutality of Iran 's justice system and underlines the Iranian authorities ' shocking disregard for basic humanity , " said Raha Bahreini , Amnesty International 's Iran researcher . "  Meting out cruel and inhuman retribution punishments is not justice . Blinding , like stoning , amputation and flogging , is a form of corporal punishment prohibited by international law . Such punishments should not be carried out under any circumstances . " The acid attacker had been hired by the victim 's wife to throw acid in his face , Tasnim News said . Amnesty International said the attack occurred in 2009 in the city of Qom . The defendant was blinded in his left eye at Rajai Shahr Prison , but the blinding of his right eye was postponed , Amnesty International said . The man was ordered to pay "  blood money " and sentenced to 10 years in prison . Amnesty International said punishment has been delayed for another Iranian man in a "  retribution in kind " case . That man had been sentenced to be blinded and made deaf , Amnesty International said . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr in Tehran and Elwyn Lopez in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Iran 's judicial system blinded a man in his left eye on Tuesday , Amnesty International reported He had been convicted of putting acid on another man 's face , causing him to be blinded
CNN  -- A video that TMZ alleges is of Beyonce 's younger sister having an altercation with the superstar 's husband , Jay Z , has surfaced online . In what the site says is surveillance video from an elevator taken the night of the recent Met Gala in New York , a woman who resembles Solange Knowles enters just before a man who appears to be the rapper . Words seem to be exchanged , and then the woman lunges at and begins striking him before an unidentified man grabs and holds her . A woman who resembles Beyonce calmly stands in the corner of the elevator during most of the altercation . It is not yet known what caused the fight . CNN has reached out to representatives for Solange , Jay Z and Beyonce . Solange 's rep is not offering comment . A representative for The Standard , the hotel where the incident is believed to have occurred , released this statement to HLN : "  We are shocked and disappointed that there was a clear breach of our security system and the confidentiality that we count on providing our guests , " the statement said . "  We are investigating with the utmost urgency the circumstances surrounding the situation and , as is our customary practice , will discipline and prosecute the individuals involved to our fullest capacity . " HLNtv.com : Watch the video Beyonce and Jay Z recently announced their "  On the Run " tour , which is scheduled to take them to 16 cities this summer . One fan tweeted , "  They better make it to Baltimore first lol "  Baltimore is one of the cities slated for the tour  , while another retweeted that and added , "  Yo ai n't trying miss the show over no damn solange . " Some found humor in the unverified video , mocking Solange Knowles , who is also a singer . One tweeted , "  Jay Z must have shown Solange her album sales on a line graph . " The memes also came fast and furious , as well as tweets with the hashtag #WhatJaySaidToSolange . One featured a picture of Solange and the caption "  Solange attacks Jay Z ? The first hit she 's had in years . " Another used photos of actor Jake Gyllenhaal courtside with Beyonce and Jay Z at a recent basketball game . The caption imagined Beyonce saying to Gyllenhaal " ... And then Solange was kicking him and screaming in the elevator " before Jay Z turned to the actor and said in the caption " ... And she just stood there , " gesturing to Beyonce . TMZ reports that Beyonce left after the incident with her sister while Jay Z took another car . HLN 's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report . CNN first learned of the alleged fight video from Twitter .	NEW : Hotel releases statement TMZ released video that it claims is of a fight Beyonce and Jay Z are headed on tour this summer
CNN  -- So it comes down to this : On Tuesday , the president who ca n't possibly win re-election confronts the challenger who ca n't possibly beat him . Licensed , as I am , to pump gas and commit punditry in all 50 states and the District of Columbia , I am obligated to make a prediction . Or , in other words : It 's time to guess . Three weeks ago , on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " I ventured that something happened at that Denver debate beyond President Barack Obama not showing up for work . The president , I noted , had never run a campaign to get re-elected , just a campaign to stop the other guy , Mitt Romney , from getting elected . When the Romney who arrived to debate was not the sulfur-breathing demon the president had led us to expect , Obama was left with no campaign at all . "  This is a man with two empty holsters , " I noted . "  His campaign could collapse . " I think it did . Romney : My vision for America Then an unexpected voter named Sandy resuscitated Obama 's campaign . What factors must we understand in these final hours to identify the winner of this election ? First , we 'd have to understand who is going to win independents . Four years ago , Obama won independents by 8 points over John McCain . After the Denver debate , that advantage reversed itself . In recent Washington Post/ABC News tracking polls , Obama has trailed Romney among independent voters by 16 to 20 percentage points . Recent CBS polls also reported that Romney has led Obama among independents by 5 % in Ohio , 6 % in Florida and a massive 21 % in Virginia . If this lead among independents held through Election Day , Romney would win these states . Post-Sandy survey data , however , indicates the storm may have blown away Romney 's advantage with independents , at least temporarily . The Politico/GW Battleground Poll has the president pulling within 1 point among independent voters , 43 % to 44 % . Our own PurplePoll of swing states has the president taking a one point lead among purple state independents , 45 % to 44 % . However , the final NBC/WSJ national poll reports that Romney is winning independents by 7 points . And the new CNN/ORC poll gives Romney a 22 % lead with independents . Who wins independents might depend upon whether Obama 's "  Sandy bounce " was a real change or a temporary bump in the president 's fortunes . If voters believe the president 's energetic response indicates he has learned a lesson and will be more responsive to them in a second term , this election could break Obama 's way . Obama : My vision for America Second , to identify the winner , we 'd have to see whether Romney has closed the gender gap . The latest Associated Press poll has Romney erasing a 16-point gender gap in the past month . Pew Research tells us Romney 's and Obama 's favorability ratings among women voters are now nearly equal . Pew analyst Michael Dimock expects the gender gap "  to look very similar to the last few election cycles , with women somewhere between 6 and 8 points to favor Obama , and fairly consistent with where we 've been since 1980 . " Our own post-Sandy PurplePoll has Romney closing the gender gap to 7 points , enough for him to win . Third , to call the election for Obama , I 'd have to believe he does n't hit his head on the ceiling every time he stands , but he does . The president 's percentage number is stuck some 2 % or 3 % short of the 50 % mark . The Real Clear Politics national average has Obama stuck at 47.8 % with Romney tight on his heels at 47.3 % . Our last two PurplePolls of likely voters in swing states have Obama at 47 % to 48 % . Surveys that show a higher percentage for the president , cracking the 50 % line , such as the overcooked Marist poll in Ohio , are preposterously overweighted with Democrats . Marist unexplainably paints Ohio 9 % more Democrat than Republican , with the Republican share of the electorate lower today than in 2008 , when Republicans were swallowing razor blades and Obama mania was cresting . Other surveys , which perhaps have spent less time in the crock pot , show a different Ohio : A CBS/NYT poll reports Republican enthusiasm outstripping Democrat enthusiasm in Ohio by 14 points . Politics : If Obama wins ... My experience is that polarizing incumbents running against acceptable challengers can count on getting just about exactly what they are getting in the last poll , heading into the election -- and no more . The electoral ceiling over Obama 's head is hard . In my view , it is a couple of points too low for him to win re-election . What else would we have to understand to identify the likely winner ? Fourth , we 'd have to see who has captured the powerful remnants of the 2010 surge that renewed the "  silent majority 's " voice and secured GOP control of the House of Representatives . Anecdotal evidence and survey data tell us that Romney has momentum with white , working-class men in swing states and nationally . A new poll from the conservative American Future Fund has Romney within a point in blue-collar Minnesota . Obama 's campaign is suddenly running ads in a working-class state such as Pennsylvania that he had previously put in his pocket . New data has Romney tied with Obama in Pennsylvania , 47 % to 47 % , within 2 points in Ohio , and tied with the president in New Hampshire . Meanwhile , Romney is drawing the largest crowds of his campaign , packed with those Reagan-Democratic men , in , of all places , Ohio . Early on Election Night , if Romney starts winning blue-collar , working class counties in western Pennsylvania , he will win them everywhere , including Ohio , Iowa , New Hampshire and Minnesota . At this point , it is almost impossible for Romney to win the presidency small . He either loses or puts around 300 electoral votes in the bank . Fifth , to identify our next president , we would have to understand who has the edge , compared with ' 08 , in early and absentee voting . GOP sources tell me that in Ohio , for example , Republicans have increased their early turnout by more than 100,000 from 2008 while Democrat turnout is down 150,000 . That is a 250,000-vote swing in a state Obama only won by 260,000 votes at the apogee of his popularity . This pattern , I 'm informed , holds in other swing states . Sixth , we have to examine whether the Obama campaign can compensate for dimming passion among its supporters with a more energetic turn-out-the-vote machine on Election Day . It 's fair to admit that Team Obama has had a four-year head start , nearly endless resources and a brilliant team of social media wizards to build an unmatched get-out-the-vote operation . But Obama has disappointed even his own supporters . The thrill of his historic political accomplishment is gone . Without passion to fuel the machine , a turnout engine is just a collection of bolts . Politics : If Romney wins ... My experience is that the Beatles were right : Money ca n't buy you love , or turnout . Seventh , to identify our next president , we have to understand how publicly embarrassing it is to be a Republican these days . Hollywood , the music industry , the news media , the fashion industry , the intellectual elite and the news media all fawn over Obama . To identify yourself as a Republican Romney voter , however , is to admit that you are culturally backward . In effect , survey questioners are asking Obama voters if they self-identify as cool . They are asking Romney voters if they would publicly admit to wearing socks with sandals . Too often , Republicans dare not speak their name , because they know the cool kids wo n't invite them to play . This phenomenon , the reticent Republican factor , like the shy Tory factor found in British polls in the '90s , could easily account for a 4 % to 5 % unexpected pro-Romney bump on Election Day . Late polls in 1980 gave Ronald Reagan only a 2 % to 3 % lead over Jimmy Carter . Reagan ended up winning by nearly 10 % . For the same reason , I would expect this campaign 's final public opinion polls and exit polls this Tuesday to underreport the Republican vote by a handful of points . Add it all up , and this is a close call . Perhaps it is best made both with my heart and my head . Four years ago , Obama 's campaign claimed a unique energy . Electing the first black president of the United States was a singular moment of national pride . Now the Obama campaign pretends the opposite : They tell us that history-making event was ordinary . Team Obama and many others model their turnout predictions and surveys upon 2008 , overloading them with Democrats . They would have us think that the electoral cosmos has been realigned in a stable and permanent way . In the end , I can not embrace as common the rarest of political astronomies . I do not believe Obama 's comet comes around every day . That leaves Mitt Romney as the next president of the United States . Opinion : What 's really at stake in election 2012 The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Castellanos .	Alex Castellanos says it takes some guesswork to predict outcome of such a close election He says several factors make Mitt Romney more likely to win Romney has made progress in reducing gender gap and may have an edge with independents Castellanos : Obama has n't cracked 50 % barrier , and his 2008 win looks unlikely to repeat
If anyone calls current events in Ukraine a civil war , do n't believe them . This has been a war between the Ukrainian people and elements of their government , a battle for their freedom and against tyranny and dictatorship . Much more like a revolution . It started like a carnival , a peaceful demonstration , an expression of people 's will to join European Union and shift away from Russia . But the Ukrainian Woodstock was over very soon . Then the troops moved in and death took over . This was no longer a carnival . This was war . On February 18 , the war reached it bloodiest peak , and I was there , at the Maydan of Independence -- the main square in Kiev -- bearing witness to the drama and bravery of my own people . Earlier that day , protesters supporting a free Ukraine had met the requirement set down by government officials -- that they release their hold on Kiev City Hall . And they expected the Parliament , in turn , to meet their requirements -- deliver the resignation of President Viktor Yanukovych , release political prisoners , restore of the constitution of 2004 , and investigate the repression of peaceful protesters . But , so far , they had n't . Instead , the deputies were not making any decisions . We watched as many of them instead chose to flee the Parliament building , which was protected by four rows of governmental special forces . Across from them was just one row of self-defense guards -- protecting the civilians -- armed with just shields and wooden sticks . People in civilian clothing were beyond them . And then there were the protesters . Waiting . Vadym , our coordinator from our self-defense group , was with us when we returned to the Parliament building . Vadym told us to beware , that this most likely was a trap . It looked as if the deputies -- representing the President 's party -- had no intention of meeting protester demands . Instead , they were just luring protesters from the Maydan -- where they were protected by the barricades -- out into the open , where they could be captured and arrested . More and more special forces surrounded Maruinska Square , moving in from all sides . We went closer to the right flank of the special forces on the corner of Instytutska Street and Kriposnyj alley . I saw them approaching about 100 meters  110 yards  away . Suddenly we heard people screaming and ambulance sirens . Some of the injured protesters were dragged to safety . I could not find my colleague in the crowd . Some people began running away from the front line shouting , "  They are killing us , they are using Kalashnikovs and real bullets ! " Special forces started attacking . Running forward with their shields , beating people by their batons . There were not enough guys from our self-defense group there ; most of them were near the Parliament . Here we saw mostly civilians -- men and women , old and young -- being beaten and chased and shot . None of them were prepared for what was happening to them . Then , people started panicking , screaming and running away . The narrow street was jammed . I kept filming , but Vadym was begging me to leave . Suddenly , I saw special forces less than 5 meters away . The crowd was pushing . Vadym was leading me through . He kept saying "  When the crowed pushes , walk slowly , make baby steps , pay attention to all details , do n't let agonizing crowd push you down . " When the crowd bumped me and my the camera against the car , Vadym yelled at me -- "  RUN ! " We ran toward the square . It was safer there , but just for a moment . We saw that the four rows of special forces that were protecting the Parliament were now breaking though the line of self-defense guards and starting to attack , beating people without mercy . And then they started shooting . Shooting for real . From behind our backs . They were also attacking us from the left and from the right . We were trapped . Our only chance to escape was through the narrow street . Opinion : What the West owes Ukraine The panic was increasing , people shouting and kicking , many faces were covered by blood . I saw Berkut -- the riot police , the elite and most cruel unit of special forces -- approaching a few meters away . Vadym told me to run as fast as I could . The crowed pushed people to the wall of the building and I almost smashed my head over the corner of a balcony . I dived under it and the Berkut passed me by . In that moment , Vadym , a guard from our self-defense group , had just saved my life . Meanwhile , people ran to the Maydan . A state official proclaimed that anyone who stayed in the square would be considered a terrorist and the special forces would clean up the square over the next hour . Pretty soon they started to attack the heart of the revolution -- the main square , the Maydan of Independence . In the evening the whole square was burning . Protester tents , flags , and key buildings were destroyed by fire . I 'll never forget the voices of the girls ringing from the stage , still singing heroic Ukrainian combat songs while the square was being eaten by fire . That day , February 18 , many people were killed , many injured . But the Maydan remained free , for the people . We were exhausted , but we were victorious . Two days later , the government 's special forces chose a different tactic to try to stop the protestors . They planted snipers on the roofs of the buildings . The snipers would fire down into the crowds . On that day , about 80 more people were killed . But even that did n't stop the people . They stood their ground . They would not retreat . On February 22 , the brutal dictator , President Yanukovych , fled Kiev in the middle of the night . But he did n't get far . The people won . But this victory was bitter . So many people died and many more disappeared . Flowers and candles now cover the center of the city that burned . Protesters who were once beaten now roam freely along the Maydan . A dictator has fallen , and the Ukrainian people have risen . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Yana , a filmmaker from Ukraine , was in the main square in Kiev when violence erupted She said she saw government troops attack , beat and shoot at protesters Yana : Attacks did n't stop people ; they stood their ground ; would not retreat
CNN  -- Brittni Garcia 's family did n't go out for walks ; they went out for dinner . And when they were at home , they enjoyed watching movies , playing board games and eating big Mexican-style home-cooked meals . This lazy lifestyle led Garcia to weigh more than 200 pounds by the eighth grade . "  My mom always said , ` You are a big girl . You are just big-boned , ' " said the 25-year-old information specialist . "  So I just accepted it . " Through high school and college , her weight continued to rise . But even at 235 pounds , Garcia did n't think her weight was a problem -- until she could n't fit into her "  fat shorts " anymore . That was December 2009 . It was a typical night for Garcia . She was studying for finals in her sorority house at Eastern Illinois University and wanted to change into some comfortable clothing . She found her red pajama XXL shorts that she normally wore to bed . As she struggled to pull them up , she realized they were too tight and uncomfortable -- her "  big , comfy shorts " no longer fit . "  Tons of emotions ran through my head , " she said . "  I was afraid that was the way my life was going to be . " That 's when Garcia 's mentality changed . Being overweight was no longer normal for her . Heart disease runs in her family , and she realized it was time to address her weight now before it turned into a bigger health problem . "  I wanted to lose weight to challenge myself and show myself I can change , and not change for the world , " Garcia wrote in her iReport . "  This time , it was for me . " Getting in shape was n't going to be easy . Going to the gym had been one of her biggest fears for a long time . She was self-conscious about how she looked and sounded when she ran . "  It was hard for me to breathe , " Garcia said . "  It was embarrassing . " Team loses 400 pounds for Winter Games Embarrassment about her weight extended to other areas of her life . Although she was president of her sorority , Garcia always felt like she stood out . "  All the sorority girls had cookie-cutter form , and I looked different , " she said . "  It was really hard for me to connect . " Garcia 's involvement in Greek life perpetuated her unhealthy habits ; she often went to bars and restaurants to mingle with her college friends . It was difficult to break the cycle , but she found supportive friends who also hit the gym . "  What I tell people is that you find new friends at the gym , " she said . "  If you do n't have the support , it 's really hard to do it on your own . " Garcia found one of her biggest supporters through her sorority . She met Nicholas Monreal at a Greek function , and they began dating when she was at her heaviest . But the days of social functions , bar visits and restaurant outings are long gone for the couple . "  He was there when I realized I wanted to change , " she said . "  To this day , our dates are to the gym . We see excitement in going on walks and runs . " The couple has been together for four years ; he proposed in December . Monreal has noticed a significant difference in Garcia over the past few years -- not just physically . "  She 's more energetic ... and she 's more willing to try new things , " he said "  She 's just working very hard , and she 's a better person for it . " On the right track Since the beginning of 2010 , Garcia has lost 107 pounds . There were setbacks , the biggest of which came this past August when she was in a car accident . She completed three months of physical therapy and was n't able to go to the gym and do her daily routines for a month and a half . She was angry at first -- mad at the person who hit her car and stalled her progress at the gym . But she got over her initial anger , and Garcia went on a walk . This time , she was n't alone . Her fiance , her parents , her sisters and her aunt encouraged her to stay active . As a result , Garcia went on walks with them and did yoga at a gym . Girl loses 65 pounds in fight against childhood obesity After getting back on track with her daily workouts , Garcia realized she also had to better manage her eating habits . "  For the longest , I would go to the gym and go home to eat whatever I wanted , " she said . "  That 's not how it works . I had to learn to eat differently and to learn to like new foods . " She started doing research on proper nutrition . She read books and online articles , shopped at health foods stores and learned to prepare meals that helped her maintain a healthy diet . Now for two hours every Sunday , Garcia grills chicken , cooks vegetables and packs fresh fruit in preparation for the upcoming week . "  I  make eating as simple as possible , " she said . "  If there are a lot of ingredients , I do n't want it . " The next step Down to 128 pounds , Garcia has been left with a lot of loose skin -- particularly around her stomach . She is doing CrossFit exercises and weight training to tighten up the area . She 's also checking off some other goals . One of the most rewarding moments in Garcia 's weight loss journey was completing her first 5K run in 27 minutes . When she first started training , running three miles took her 48 minutes . Today , she can complete it in less than 25 . "  I had n't been able to walk a lap , let alone run it , " she said . "  And now when I finish a workout , I really get emotional and I ca n't believe that I could do it . " She is n't stopping there . Garcia wants to complete a half marathon as well as the Warrior Dash in June . As a result , she might take a pool break in between . "  I really want to fit in my bikini comfortably this summer , " she said . Today , Garcia does n't shop at plus size clothing stores anymore . She was able to drop from a size 22 to a size 6 . And what happened to her XXL "  fat shorts ? " She ditched them for a pair of small exercise shorts . To those just starting their weight-loss journey , she offers this advice : "  Once you start , do n't give up . The hardest thing to do is to continue . If you have a bad day , do n't make it a bad week . " Father , son lose 260 pounds after weight loss surgery Do you have a weight loss story to share ? Upload it to iReport .	Brittni Garcia did n't think her weight was a problem until she could n't fit into her "  fat shorts " At 235 pounds , Garcia always felt like she stood out from her sorority sisters in college Garcia shed 107 pounds , and now promotes weight training and a healthy diet Do you have a weight loss success story ? Share it with CNN iReport
CNN  -- Flooding in southern Spain has left at least 10 dead , Spanish state media outlet RTVE reported Saturday . Emergency personnel on Saturday found the body of a man in a swamp in Spain 's Murcia region . The victim , believed to be the grandfather of a nine-year-old girl who was killed by the flooding on Friday , was the 10th confirmed fatality , RTVE reported . Five deaths have been reported in Murcia , and five in Andalucia region because of flash floods caused by the rain . Two other people remained missing in Murcia , RTVE said . Heavy rainfall continued to hit the area on Saturday . The girl who died was inside a vehicle that was hit by a sudden rush of water , RTVE reported . Her body was found inside the vehicle . CNN Weather Center	Flash floods have killed 10 people in southern Spain One victim was a nine-year-old girl , another is believed to be her grandfather Heavy rain continued to fall across the Andalucia region on Saturday
Paris  CNN  -- The French finance ministry came under a large-scale cyber attack in December that targeted G20 documents , France 's Budget Minister Francois Baroin told French radio on Monday . Baroin told Europe 1 an investigation was underway and that there were unconfirmed leads . "  It seems what was targeted was the organization of the G20  conference  , " Baroin said . Paris Match magazine reported earlier Monday that the finance ministry had come under an unprecedented cyber attack and that 100 computers were affected . The G20 met in Paris last month . The Group of 20 was established in 1999 to bring together industrialized and developing economies to promote global economic stability .	The ministry faced a large-scale attack in December , a minister says G20 documents seem to have been the target Paris hosted a G20 summit last month
"  Mommy , where do allergies come from ? " The question , from a boy sitting at a table near mine , caught my attention . Obviously a pro at handling the random curiosities of a young child , his mom said : "  From flowers and grass and foods like peanuts . " The boy went back to his meal , seemingly satisfied with her answer . I was not . Scientists know what causes allergies . When particles of pollen , pet dander or certain types of food enter our bodies , they 're called antigens . If your body has a sensitivity to that particle , it mistakes the harmless element for a dangerous invader , according to the American Academy of Allergy , Asthma and Immunology . The particle then becomes what we call an allergen , although a sensitivity to a substance alone does n't guarantee you will develop an allergy . Allergens cause your body to produce Immunoglobulin E , or IgE , antibodies . Antibodies are used to identify and destroy dangerous invaders . Unfortunately , IgE antibodies also release histamine and other chemicals that can create an allergic reaction . But what causes one person to become sensitive to these indiscriminate antigens floating through the air , while another sails through life with dry eyes and clear sinuses ? Scientists are n't exactly sure , but they have a few ideas . Dr. Christine Cole Johnson has been studying allergies since the early 1980s . Her research team at Henry Ford Hospital was the first to show that having a pet in the house during your child 's first year of life may protect him or her from developing allergies -- a finding that 's since been duplicated in other studies . Her latest research suggests allergy development starts even before that . Johnson analyzed data from a group of more than 1,200 newborns who were born in Michigan between 2003 and 2007 , and have been evaluated by researchers at 1 month , 6 months , 1 year and 2 years old . Acupuncture may be antidote for allergies She found that babies born by cesarean section are six times more likely to be sensitive to dust mite allergens than babies born naturally . The researcher found similar results for exposure to cat - and dog-hair allergens . Babies who are born via C-section have a different microbiome in their gastrointestinal tract , Johnson said . A microbiome is what scientists use to describe the bacteria communities that reside in humans , whether it 's in our mouths , on our skin or in our digestive system . "  It 's pretty astonishing . In human beings , bacterial cells outnumber human cells 10 to 1 , " Johnson said . "  These bacteria are important -- we could n't exist without them . " In the womb , babies are sterile , Johnson explained . When they go through the birth canal , they get exposed to the entire bacteria population of their mother 's vaginal and GI microbiomes . Through this exposure , their own immune systems learn the difference between good and bad bacteria -- i.e. what to fight off and what to use . Babies born through C-section have bacteria in their gut that more closely resembles their mother 's skin microbiome , Johnson said . Eventually their digestive bacteria normalize , but that delay could give allergen exposure time to develop into a sensitivity . Of course , that 's just one possible cause of allergies -- or just one possible cause of many possible causes . Johnson 's colleague Dr. Haejin Kim , an allergist at Henry Ford , is looking into how genetics may play a role . Kim 's latest study found African-American children are sensitized to food allergens three times more often than Caucasian children . It also concluded that an African-American kid with an allergic parent is twice as likely to be sensitized to an environmental allergen than an African-American kid without an allergic parent . Kim said her results did n't change with the child 's birth order -- another possible allergy risk factor -- or if the child was male or female . Race alone put them at a higher risk . "  This suggests that  allergies  might be genetic , " Kim said , something scientists have long suspected . But it 's not like a genetic disease that 's 100 % inherited . "  There 's no one gene for allergies or asthma . It 's probably a combination of multiple genes interacting somehow with the environment . " Up to 50 million Americans have some kind of allergy , according to the American College of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology . Jonathan Silverberg , a dermatologist at St. Luke 's - Roosevelt Hospital Center in New York , recently analyzed data from more than 91,000 children to determine whether children born outside the United States were as likely as American children to develop allergies . He found that foreign-born children residing in the United States had half the risk of developing allergies than those who were born here . That was true for all types of allergies , including food allergies , although the association was strongest for asthma . When food allergies are a weapon for bullies Silverberg and his colleagues started the study after realizing they were seeing foreign-born children at their practice developing allergies much later in life . They found that the foreign-born kids who lived in the United States for more than 10 years had a higher prevalence of allergies than the children who had only been in the country for a couple of years . Scientists know that environmental exposures play a role in allergic disease ; you ca n't be sensitized to something you 've never been exposed to . But in the past researchers have focused on allergens in the air , Silverberg said , such as pollen or ragweed , instead of other environmental exposures . These other factors could be related to a child 's climate , diet or geography-specific infections . "  What  this study shows  is that there 's something about what we 're experiencing in the U.S. compared to many other countries that seems to really lead people to , or unmask , allergic disease , " he said . Which factor -- if any -- plays the dominant role is so far unclear . It 's hard to make any practical conclusions from these kinds of studies , Silverberg said . But eventually knowing where allergies come from could help us figure out a way to prevent them , or at least treat them more effectively . Then allergy sufferers will be able to frolic in the flowers and roll in the grass and eat peanuts just like everyone else . Global warming brings on pollen apocalypse	Up to 50 million Americans have some kind of allergy Scientists do n't know yet what causes a sensitivity Environment , genetics , even the way you were born could play a role
Dramatic surveillance camera video shows a Skywest pilot running to a jet that , once set in motion , clips an airport building in last July 's bizarre incident involving pilot Brian J. Hedglin , who stole the plane while being sought on suspicion that he had killed his former girlfriend . Hedglin , 40 , set the empty regional jet in motion on the tarmac of the closed airport , and then killed himself with a gunshot to the head , officials concluded . But investigators were not able to answer several questions that have confounded people since the July 18 incident , including whether Hedglin intended to take off in the plane , and if so , what he intended to do with it . "  The answer to that is ` We 'll never know , ' " said St. George , Utah , city spokesman Marc Mortensen . Police reports released in recent days , however , leave open the possibility that Hedglin intended to take off in the aircraft . But he may have been foiled when a safety clip on the landing gear was damaged , leaving him unable to steer the plane on the ground . The plane rolled a short distance , its wing clipping the terminal building , before crashing through a fence and ramming into a half-dozen cars . Evidence indicates that while the plane was in motion , Hedglin left the cockpit , entered the cabin and shot himself in the head . Authorities in St. George , Utah , released the surveillance video this week . Had Hedglin gotten the plane aloft at St. George Municipal Airport , the regional jet -- a CRJ 200 -- contained enough fuel to fly for about 50 minutes , according to the police report . A cockpit voice recorder did not provide much information to investigators , the police reports say . The recorder contains only the voices of pilots who flew a previous flight , and sounds of "  some rustling in the cockpit and heaving breathing that is assumed to be Brian Hedglin . " "  What his ultimate motive is is really unclear , " Mortensen said . "  I 'm not going to speculate , but obviously he was intending to take the plane off or he was trying to cause as much damage as possible . " Hedglin had been a pilot with the airline since 2005 . Police who were among the first at the crash site described a bizarre and confusing scene . The plane was tilted forward , its nose gear collapsed . The engines were still screaming and several cars were wedged under and around the wings . The plane 's doors were shut and there was no indication that anyone was on the aircraft . When a firefighter told police that someone was on the plane , officers entered with guns drawn and found Hedglin , wearing a green jump suit , lying in the aisle with a gun near his feet . Police soon learned the identity of the man , and found out that he was a suspect in his former girlfriend 's murder and that he had military experience -- two factors that prompted them to send a bomb squad on a thorough search of the plane . No bomb was found . Hedglin 's former girlfriend , Christina Cornejo , 39 , had been found dead the previous Friday in Colorado Springs . Both Hedglin and Cornejo had served in the Colorado Army National Guard , officials said . Cornejo was found at Hedglin 's residence , but authorities do n't know whether she went there voluntarily or was abducted , Colorado Springs Police spokeswoman Barbara A. Miller told CNN at the time . A coroner said Cornejo died of multiple stab wounds . Hedglin was immediately identified as a suspect . "  Detectives went so far as to contact SkyWest and have them deactivate Mr. Hedglin 's access cards in the event he showed up there , " police said . Hedglin 's motorcycle was found outside the St. George airport , and authorities say they believe he used a rug to climb over the airport 's barbed wire fence . The FBI declined any update on the investigation . "  Although the FBI responded to the incident in St. George this past summer , at this point we are not making any further comments on the matter , " said spokeswoman Debbie Bertram .	Skywest pilot Brian J. Hedglin set an empty passenger jet in motion , crashing it Police found him dead in the plane , a gun at his feet "  What his ultimate motive is is really unclear , " a St. George , Utah , spokesman says
CNN  -- As part of Boeing 's ongoing efforts to resolve Dreamliner problems , the passenger jet maker has put out a request that airlines inspect an emergency beacon used to find aircraft in the event of a crash . The request is based on a recommendation by the United Kingdom 's Air Accidents Investigation Branch  AAIB  following a fire aboard an Ethiopian Airlines 787 Dreamliner parked at London 's Heathrow Airport on July 12 . The fire caused extensive damage to the rear of the aircraft . No one was hurt but the incident shut runways for about an hour before operations resumed , the airport said . Randy Tinseth , vice president marketing for Boeing Commercial Airplanes , said in a statement that in addition to the 787 , the company has also asked operators of 717 , Next-Generation 737 , 747-400 , 767 and 777 airplanes to inspect aircraft . "  We 're taking this action following the UK AAIB Special Bulletin , which recommended that airplane models with fixed Honeywell ELTs be inspected , " he said . "  The purpose of these inspections is to gather data to support potential rule-making by regulators . " The AAIB said the emergency locator transmitter  ELT  -- which uses its own battery to send details of a plane 's location in the event of a crash -- is now the focus of its investigation . "  Detailed examination of the ELT has shown some indications of disruption to the battery cells , " said the AAIB bulletin . "  It is not clear however , whether the combustion in the area of the ELT was initiated by a release of energy within the batteries or by an external mechanism such as an electrical short . " ` Airworthiness Directive ' expected Distancing Boeing from the malfunction , Tinseth said "  it 's important to note that Honeywell ELTs have been deployed on approximately 20 aircraft models -- including Boeing , Airbus and numerous business aviation aircraft . " Honeywell , the maker of the emergency beacon , said it had no knowledge of any problem with its emergency transmitter , certified by the Federal Aviation Authority since 2005 . Last week , the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  instructed airlines operating the 787 to remove or inspect the Honeywell ELTs . "  The FAA is preparing to issue an Airworthiness Directive in the coming days that would make these inspections mandatory , " said the FAA statement , released July 20 . "  Federal Aviation Regulations do not require large commercial aircraft in scheduled service to be equipped with these devices . " The investigations come little more than two months since the Dreamliners were allowed back in the air following a retrofit to fix an issue with its lithium-ion batteries . Customer demand for the super-efficient airliner has remained solid despite the grounding earlier this year . Boeing has delivered 68 of the planes to 13 airlines and has 862 unfilled orders . It says it plans to increase production to 10 per month by the end of the year , double the rate earlier this year . Meanwhile , Boeing is facing a possible US$ 2.75 million civil penalty for allegedly using certain parts in 777 construction that did not meet standards and repeatedly missing deadlines to address related quality control issues . The FAA proposed the fine , saying Boeing 's commercial aircraft division took more than two years to fully address problems after learning about quality control gaps involving fasteners in 777 construction . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Thom Patterson , Mike M. Ahlers and Mark Thompson contributed to this report .	Boeing asks airlines to inspect planes equipped with Honeywell emergency locators UK investigators say transmitter likely to blame for 787 fire at Heathrow this month In U.S. , Boeing faces $ 2.75 million FAA penalty
CNN  -- After two years of denial about the European periphery 's solvency problem , European policymakers are finally , grudgingly , facing reality . They are recognizing that Greece is almost certain to default by year-end . And they have concluded that it is imperative to recapitalize Europe 's banks and to erect an effective "  firewall " around Spain and Italy to reassure markets that if Greece defaults , the crisis will be contained there . But it remains to be seen whether this recognition will be translated into credible and effective measures by the time of the scheduled November 3 G-20 Summit . If past performance is any guide , one has to wonder whether this will be yet another doleful instance of domestic political constraints , especially in Germany and France , resulting in a "  too little too late " European policy response to an ever deepening crisis . How deep ? Greece 's International Monetary Fund adjustment program is in tatters . The IMF itself is now acknowledging that Greece 's economy , which has already contracted by around 12 % since 2009 , will contract meaningfully further in 2012 . And the IMF is also recognizing that Greece will not meet the IMF 's budget targets for 2011 and 2012 . As a result , Greece 's public-debt-to-GDP level will soon rise to 172 % , or more than twice the level that might be considered manageable . As if to underline how unsustainable is the Greek situation , in the midst of the deepest of domestic recessions , the Greek government is now being required by the IMF to undertake further painful fiscal adjustment measures to meet its ever elusive budget deficit targets . Not only is the IMF insisting that Greece introduce an unpopular property tax , but it is also asking a Pan-Hellenic Socialist , or PASOK , government whose very existence depends on public sector patronage , to cut public wages and to reduce public employment . Little wonder that social and political tensions in Greece are now on the boil . The IMF is acknowledging that the Greek government will need more funding to finance its 2012 budget deficit . This is inducing the IMF to seek substantially greater debt reduction from Greece 's bank creditors through the "  voluntary " debt exchange . As might be expected , the banks are resisting the IMF 's proposal , and this could complicate the IMF finalizing its intended program review by mid-November . Mindful of the 2008-2009 Lehman experience , European policymakers are fully aware that a Greek default could cause real contagion to the rest of the European periphery . They are particularly fearful that a Greek default could engulf Spain and Italy , Europe 's third and fourth largest economies respectively , which would pose an existential threat to the Euro . But despite these perceived risks , and reflecting domestic political constraints from electorates opposed to further bailouts , European policymakers seem to be in no rush to put a credible firewall in place . In particular , they have yet to come up with a concrete proposal to leverage up the European Financial Stability Facility -- the euro zone 's temporary bailout fund -- from its present size of EUR 440 billion  $ 600 billion  to the EUR 2 trillion range  $ 2.8 trillion  , that most market analysts think would be needed to shield Spain and Italy from the fallout of a hard Greek default . And responding to increased banking sector strains that both the IMF and the European Central Bank fear could tip Europe back into recession , European policymakers are proposing a coordinated European effort to recapitalize the European banking system . However , they have yet to come up with concrete proposals as to how they will increase the European banking system 's capital by the EUR 200 billion  $ 267 billion  that the IMF estimates would be necessary to put Europe 's banks back on a sound footing . Public differences between the French and the German governments on who should pay for the bank recapitalization are not encouraging . The late MIT economics professor Rudi Dornbusch famously said that in economics things take longer to happen than you think they will , and then they happen faster than you thought they could . Hopefully , European policymakers will now recognize that in Greece we are all too likely to be in "  the faster than you thought they could " phase of the crisis . For if they do , we might dare to hope that they will act expeditiously in constructing an effective firewall -- recapitalizing their banks in a manner that will spare us from a Lehman-style crisis when Greece defaults . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Desmond Lachman .	Desmond Lachman : European policymakers finally facing likelihood of Greek default He says they know they must recapitalize Europe 's banks to stop "  contagion 's " spread He says action difficult politically , bailout unpopular , so they have not taken any concrete steps yet Lachman : Policymakers must act to create "  firewall " to prevent Lehman-style crisis
CNN  -- One of China 's controversial "  baby hatches " has been forced to shut down , at least temporarily . The facility in the southern city of Guangzhou opened in January but has been overwhelmed with abandoned infants , forcing a suspension of services . The first of the facilities opened in 2011 and increased to around 25 hatches countrywide . More of the special rooms , which are equipped with a cradle , incubator and delayed alarm to allow mothers to drop off unwanted babies anonymously , are planned . While abandoning infants in China is illegal , the practice is relatively widespread , especially in poorer areas . The Guangzhou "  baby safety island , " as they are known in Chinese , has received 262 babies since it began operation in late January , according to Chinese state-run news agency Xinhua . All 262 babies suffer from disabilities or diseases such as cerebral palsy , Down 's syndrome and congenital heart disease according to Xinhua . The scheme 's proponents argue that the hatches are key to saving the lives of children who would likely die if abandoned on the street . Since its opening , the facility received an average of around five babies a day . The staggering number of infants who have been abandoned in the city has meant that the hatch 's operator has not been able to keep up with the volume . The city 's Welfare Center for Children has had to add spaces to take their facilities to 1,100 beds , but these are already full . Xu Jiu the center 's director told Xinhua that the Guangzhou baby hatch had received a disproportionate number of infants . "  The number of babies we have received is much higher than in other parts of the country over the same period , " he said . He added that it could be parents who are unable to cope with the heavy economic burden of trying to treat incurable diseases . "  Parents bring their ill babies to big cities in the hope of having them cured . But many just end up abandoning them , " he said He was not able to predict a date when normal service would resume , but rather said that the center would focus on the children already in their care . The unprecedented response to the facility 's opening is causing some to question the wisdom of the scheme . However , the government appears to be standing by the hatches . Li Liguo , Minister of Civil Affairs , told reporters in the background of the country 's annual meeting of parliament this month that they "  do more good than harm . " Chinese police save hundreds of babies from online trading racket	Guangzhou "  baby hatch " forced to close due to overwhelming numbers of abandoned infants 262 babies -- an average of more than five a day -- dropped off since hatch opened Closed facility unsure when it can reopen Controversial program set to expand in coming months
Michael Brown was shot at least six times , according to the preliminary results of a private autopsy that his family requested . The independent autopsy was conducted by high-profile pathologist Michael Baden . Baden testified in the O.J. Simpson , Phil Spector and Drew Peterson murder trials . Family attorney Daryl Parks did not provide additional details about the preliminary results . However , the New York Times , reporting on the same independent autopsy , reported that two of the bullets struck Brown in the head . The other four struck him in the right arm -- and all six were fired into his front . "  This is bound to escalate tensions , " the Rev. Jesse Jackson told CNN . "  This is a very provocative report . " Even before the release of this latest information , the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson has been a racially charged tinderbox . Clashes once again Late Sunday night , a day of peaceful protests devolved into a night of gunfire , Molotov cocktails and tear gas . Officers fired tear gas into a crowd of hundreds of protester , including children , who were marching toward a police command post despite an impending midnight curfew . Authorities also struck at least one defiant protester with rubber bullets . St. Louis County police said several protesters had thrown Molotov cocktails toward the officers before authorities shot tear gas toward them . The violence escalated through the night as shots were fired toward police . Officers had to take up a defensive position behind vehicles . "  That is a lie . It was no fight , it was no shots fired , " a very upset protester , Lisha Williams , told CNN . "  The only ones who fired was police . All we did was march to the command center to fall to our knees and say , ` Do n't shoot . ' And they started shooting . " The scene was a far cry from a packed church earlier Sunday , where hundreds of people gathered for a two-hour rally demanding justice for Michael Brown , an unarmed black teenager shot dead eight days ago by a white police officer . "  I 'm astonished at this reversal of mood , " Jackson said . "  The mood was so positive . " Cousin : Brown killed without reason A cousin of Brown told the church audience that Brown was killed without reason . "  What I want y' all to remember is that Michael Brown was not just some young black boy . He was a human being ... , " Ty Pruitt said . "  He was not a suspect . He was not an object . He was not an animal . But that 's how he was killed . " Michael Brown 's parents -- Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr. . -- appeared on stage at the rally at Greater Grace Church with attorney Benjamin Crump but did n't address the audience . "  What we 're really asking for is simple justice , " Crump said . "  We 're not asking for anything extraordinary . They just want what anybody else would want if their children were shot down in broad daylight . " Crump said there would be an independent investigation in addition to the federal and local probes already under way . Missouri State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson spoke to the 1,300 people in the congregation and said he had a heavy heart . "  The past 24 hours have been tough for me , " said Johnson , who took over security in the town on Thursday after what many saw as an overly aggressive police response by the local authorities . Johnson said he met with members of the Brown family and was moved to tears . Protests had turned violent on Saturday night as well after a curfew began . One male was shot overnight Saturday , authorities said . It was unclear how old he was or who shot him . The victim was in critical condition Sunday . Officials said state highway patrol officers did n't fire any shots . They did fire tear gas to get to the wounded victim , Johnson said early Sunday . A third autopsy Brown was shot to death August 9 by a police officer after a confrontation as the teen walked down the street . Accounts of exactly what happened when Officer Darren Wilson stopped Brown vary widely . Witnesses said they saw a scuffle between the officer and Brown at the police car before the young man was shot . Police said Brown struggled with the officer and reached for his weapon . Several witnesses said Brown raised his hands and was not attacking the officer . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has approved another autopsy on Brown 's body , the Justice Department said . The autopsy will be conducted by a federal medical examiner . In tense Ferguson , trying to balance security , protesters ' rights 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting Complete coverage of the Ferguson shooting	Shots are fired at police , sending officers into a defensive position behind vehicles Authorities fire tear gas into a crowd marching toward the police command post Police : Protesters threw Molotov cocktails before police shot tear gas toward them
Washington  CNN  -- Maybe "  The West Wing " had it right . A second batch of previously unreleased papers from the Clinton presidency made public Friday revealed a hard-boiled , politically cynical White House mindset similar to the fictional Josiah Bartlet administration of the popular TV show that ran from 1999-2006 . Read , search the documents Highlights from the Clinton memos Every decision appears based at least in part on a political calculus , and some of the unvarnished back-and-forth shows the human side of the President and other officials that almost always remains well-hidden from public view . Legacy issues Shortly after Clinton won reelection in 1996 , White House aide Gene Sperling drafted a 14-page memo to begin identifying "  legacy goals " for the President on major policy issues . For a policy to be considered , Sperling wrote , it must be "  Important and Transforming ... Achievable ... Memorable and Identifiable . " Among the legacy issues Sperling suggested were "  Reforming education " and "  restoring America 's Fiscal Integrity . " In a 1993 memo on a planned public hearing with then first lady Hillary Clinton to push her proposed health care reforms , aides Alexis Herman and Mike Lux wrote the event would protect the administration from accusations of being closed to outside opinion . "  As we discussed , the primary goal for this two-day hearing would be to inoculate ourselves from charges that we are refusing to listen to all those groups out there that want input , " said the memo by Herman and Lux . Another part sounded prescient about the continuing health care debate in America almost four years after Obamacare became law . "  Some testifiers should be average people with horror stories , middle-class families worried about the future , and senior citizens , " the aides wrote . "  These average people should testify during those periods when we believe more people will be watching . " Tough talk Other documents include details and transcriptions of planning meetings for Clinton 's 1999 State of the Union address that put the full personality and vocabulary of the 42nd President on display . "  Ca n't say an ass-pocket full of money , can you ? " Clinton asked when discussing how to describe the 1998 budget surplus in the upcoming speech , according to a memo by speechwriter Michael Waldman . His staff also could talk tough , as shown by memos responding to a draft text of Clinton 's December 15 , 1994 , speech following disastrous mid-term elections for Democrats . In seeming unanimity , advisers called the draft too defensive , with one describing it as "  mealy-mouthed . " "  The President should n't whine . He should lead , " wrote Elaine Kamarck , while Todd Stern noted that "  one of the President 's problems right now is that too many people see him as lacking backbone , vacillating , being too eager to please and tell people what they want to hear . " "  I think he needs to sound strong and Presidential -- in touch certainly , with what happened on Nov. 8 but not weak , " Stern wrote . The 55 documents totaling more than 4,000 pages released Friday by the William J. Clinton Presidential Library were the second batch of Clinton White House papers made public in recent weeks . Presidential records and the National Archives The confidential memos , notes and other papers were part of files that had been requested for public release over the years under the Freedom of Information Act , but were withheld by the National Archives due to their sensitive nature . While the Presidential Records Act established public ownership of White House documents as far back as the Reagan administration , it specified that documents pertaining to federal appointments as well as confidential correspondence between the president and his advisers could be withheld from the public for 12 years after a president leaves office . Other documents that can be withheld include classified national security information , confidential business information and trade secrets , and unwarranted invasions of personal privacy . Those types of documents were not part of Friday 's release . A Hillary Clinton 2016 campaign could cost $ 1.7 billion ? RNC questions timing of Clinton document release Earlier : Fighting the first health care war CNN 's Emily Rust , Erin McPike , Mark Preston , Dan Merica , Ashley Killough , Tim McCaughan , Robert Yoon , Steve Brusk and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Newly released papers reveal unvarnished view of the Clinton White House Politics seemed to always play a role in decision-making Do n't whine , advisers said after disastrous 1994 mid-term election One adviser urged more personal discipline from Clinton and his team
Washington  CNN  -- The Rolling Stone magazine journalist whose article about Gen. Stanley McChrystal helped end the Afghanistan commander 's career has been denied permission to embed with a military unit in Afghanistan , a Pentagon spokesman told CNN Wednesday . "  Embeds are a privilege , not a right . The unit decided they did n't feel the trust necessary for an embed . They declined , " Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan said , not specifying which unit was involved . Michael Hastings , the reporter , said via Twitter that his embed had earlier been approved , then was "  disapproved . " McChrystal 's illustrious career came to an abrupt end when he resigned after he and his staff were quoted in a Hastings article criticizing and mocking key Obama administration officials . The Army is investigating the circumstances that led to the article , an Army spokesman told CNN Wednesday . "  A four-star commander was relieved ultimately due to this article . We want to understand what happened here , " Col. Tom Collins said . The Army Inspector General , the service 's independent investigative arm , began the investigation shortly after President Barack Obama fired the general in June , Collins said Wednesday . He declined to answer questions about the scope of the review or who was being interviewed , because the investigation is ongoing . It is widely believed that McChrystal , as well as his closest aides , either may have already been interviewed or will be by the inspector general regarding comments in the article that could be considered denigrating to the president . McChrystal himself , however , is not expected to be a target of the investigation as the president has already said he did not fire the general "  out of any sense of personal insult . " Obama said he was making the decision because the tone of the remarks made in the article "  undermines the civilian control of the military that is at the core of our democratic system . " Under the code of military justice , it is illegal to make disrespectful remarks about the president , but the inspector general 's investigation is not a criminal one . The investigation was formally ordered by Army Vice Chief of Staff General Peter Chiarelli , who is responsible for disciplinary matters in the Army . Several Defense Department officials contacted by CNN said they had been unaware of the investigation until it was reported this week by the Associated Press . Hastings , the Rolling Stone reporter , is not cooperating with the investigation . He said on Twitter he "  refused to participate . " Obama tapped McChrystal in June 2009 to be the top commander in Afghanistan . The general was known for his discretion and keeping the media at arm 's length , a perception that was shattered when the infamous Rolling Stone article came out in June . McChrystal did not directly criticize Obama in the article , but reporter Hastings writes that the general and Obama "  failed from the outset to connect " after the president took office . Sources familiar with their first meeting said McChrystal thought Obama looked "  uncomfortable and intimidated " by the room full of top military officials , according to the article . The journalist wrote that an unnamed aide to McChrystal mocked Vice President Joe Biden . McChrystal did not deny the article 's accuracy . In a statement , he called the comments "  a mistake " and apologized for "  poor judgment . " He retired June 23 and was replaced by Gen. David Petraeus , who was previously the top commander in Iraq . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report	Travel with a military unit was approved , then "  disapproved , " the reporter says Embedding is a "  privilege , not a right , " a Pentagon spokesman tells CNN Michael Hastings ' article helped end McChrystal 's career McChrystal did not dispute the accuracy of the piece
