CNN  -- A group of Portuguese-speaking countries condemned a coup that has roiled the tiny nation of Guinea-Bissau , plunging the African country into more chaos after nearly four decades of instability . Foreign ministers from the Community of Portuguese-Speaking Countries group discussed the coup at a gathering in Lisbon , Portugal , on Saturday . Guinea-Bissau is a member of the group , which also includes Portugal , Angola , Mozambique and Brazil . Coups and coup attempts are common in Guinea-Bissau since it won its independence from Portugal in 1974 . In the latest coup , soldiers took Acting President Raimundo Pereira and Prime Minister Carlos Gomes Jr. into custody Thursday night , sparking international condemnation . Both leaders are well and alive , said Daba Naualna , a spokesman for the army 's chief of staff . He said a group called the military command was behind the arrests , though it was unclear who its members are . Leaders of the nation 's armed forces have taken control of the nation to ensure stability , according to the spokesman . "  The  army chief of staff  thinks , for the sake of the country , that power can not fall into the streets and decided to have  the military  play its part in seeking solutions with the political class to resolve this crisis , " he said . Military leaders have said they have no desire to "  stay in power " and have asked political parties to send ideas on what to do next by Sunday , the spokesman said . A meeting is expected to take place Sunday to discuss the proposals . World leaders condemned the coup , which occurred just before the second round of a presidential election set for April 29 . The African Union , the United Nations and the United States called for a return to civilian rule and demanded the release of the leaders . U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said the United States was "  deeply concerned " about the safety of residents . "  We urge all parties to put down their weapons , release government leaders immediately , and restore the legitimate civilian leadership , " Toner said . "  We remain deeply concerned about the safety of the country 's interim president , senior figures , and others who may be put in harm 's way because of these actions , " the White House said in a statement . In a statement , the military command said the revolt was in response to a "  secret deal " between the government and Angola . This "  deal " was drawn up to allow Angolan troops in the country to attack Guinea-Bissau 's military , a communique from the group said . This group says the acting president and the prime minister signed the deal and also accuses the African Union -- whose rotating presidency is currently held by Angola -- of supporting intervention by Angolan forces . Guinea-Bissau 's history has been marked by several military coups , and these conflicts have ravaged its infrastructure and economy , leaving it among the poorest in the world . The nation 's first round of voting in a presidential election was held in March , and campaigning for the second round was about to begin . The election was prompted by the death of the incumbent Malam Bacai Sanha in January after a long illness . Residences of the prime minister and some government ministers were looted , witnesses said . Public media outlets are under the control of the army and are regularly broadcasting statements from the military , witnesses said Friday . Angola , also a former Portuguese colony , issued a statement last week saying it would unilaterally withdraw its troops . A number of Angolan troops are in the country to help reform the country 's armed forces , Angola said . Sanha had become president in September 2009 after the assassination of his predecessor . Despite his coming to power in what international observers deemed a fair and peaceful election , his tenure was marked by turmoil among the country 's military and political leadership . To date , no democratically elected president of the country has served a full , five-year term . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto , Umaro Djau , Kim Chakanetsa and David McKenzie and contributed to this report .	An international group says it rejects any government announced by the coup leaders A military spokesman says the acting president and prime minister are detained He says no one was hurt or killed despite gunfire and explosions Guinea-Bissau has had several coups since it gained independence in 1974
She may only be a slip of a woman , but Duong Thuy Vi 's athletic talent should not be taken lightly . A star in the martial art of Wushu , the 21-year-old Vietnamese clinched gold at the World Championships and the Southeast Asian Games in 2013 and was crowned champion at the 17th Asian Games held in South Korea last September . Having won numerous titles as a junior -- she was a national , regional and world champion -- Duong has n't tired of the winning feeling in her fledgling senior career . "  Each time I win and stand on the podium , I feel that I truly have won myself , " Duong told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  When they put the gold medal on me , I feel so emotional , as if it is a dream . " Growing up in Hanoi , Duong was n't particularly interested in the sport and has an overweight relative to thank for sparking her career into life . "  When I was small , I did n't know anything about Wushu , " she said . "  I only knew that martial arts could make you healthy . One of my cousins who was very fat practiced Wushu to lose weight and I asked to come with him . " Her cousin 's interest may have waned pretty quickly -- "  he quit after a week -- he is still fat ! " she jokes -- but Duong has persevered and now tucks into a rigorous daily diet of exercise , training in both the morning and afternoon six days a week , sometimes longer . "  Before important tournaments , we even practice on Sunday mornings -- the programs consist of physical and technique training . " The modern sport of Wushu started life in ancient China as a form of self defense , explains Daniel Kainan Pan , a former member of the Great Britain Wushu team . "  Traditional Wushu can be said to be the ancestor of all martial arts like Aikido , Karate , Judo -- they all came from ancient Chinese martial arts , " Kainan Pan says . "  What really sets Wushu apart  from other martial arts  is that it 's more of a complete system , in the sense that in the fighting aspect there are grabs and throws but also punches and kicks -- you can use anything you want . "  From a performance aspect , it 's almost comparable to gymnastics -- everyone does 720  - degree  rotations and lands in the splits . " There are also weapons to wield in Duong 's non-combat discipline -- female competitors perform their individual routines with either a double-edged straight sword  Jian  or a spear  Qiang  while the men use a slightly different type of sword , a Dao , and a wooden staff called a Gun . "  Everything about Wushu is equally very difficult , " Duong says . "  It requires you to be persistent in training to combine the movements of your head , your arms , your legs and your whole body . It 's very important that all the movements are coordinated carefully . " As she roams around the floor space at the gym in downtown Hanoi and casually performs eye-watering stretches on the stall bars , it 's clear that this dedication has paid off -- her supple , flowing movements have a balletic quality to them . This combination of strength and grace is one of Wushu 's most appealing aspects , says Kainan Pan , but also one of the hardest to master . "  The sport may be derived from traditional martial arts , but the movements are more beautiful and more emphasized , " he says . "  You really need to be able to stretch and do the front splits -- flexibility is really difficult . The second thing is athletic ability -- there are lots of jumps and a high degree of rotation . " Kainan Pan grew up idolizing Chinese Wushu legend turned actor Jet Li , but for Duong it is her compatriot Nguyen Thuy Hien who has spurred her on . The 35-year-old , who now coaches the sport , made history in 1993 when she won a world championship gold medal at the age of 14 before repeating the feat four years later . "  She was the first person to win a world championship gold medal for the Vietnamese Wushu team , " Duong says . Duong will have a chance to emulate Nguyen at the World Championships in Jakarta , Indonesia next October . Victory will be another acrobatic step towards her goal of mastering both the physical and the mental challenges of the ancient martial art . "  In my opinion , in order to become a great athlete , one must have qualities of persistence , creativity and the ability to think , understand and sense what you are doing , " she said .	Vietnamese martial artist became a world champion in 2013 Duong trains six days a week , seven in build up to tournaments Sport of Wushu derived from ancient Chinese martial art Duong displays incredible athleticism in routine that uses spears and swords
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council called an emergency meeting Monday after world leaders reacted with outrage to North Korea 's latest nuclear test . This screen grab from North Korean television on April 9 shows leader Kim Jong Il in Pyongyang . North Korea earlier said it had tested the weapon in an underground explosion , provoking an angry response from the world 's governments . It had threatened to conduct the test if the U.N. Security Council did not apologize for imposing sanctions on North Korea after it tested a rocket April 5 . The secretive communist state also apparently test-fired a short-range missile Monday , the White House said . The Security Council called on its members to discuss the reported test Monday at 4 p.m. ET . Watch how the test may have taken world by surprise " The United States and many other countries denounced the test . Even China , North Korea 's strongest ally , said it opposed the test . The White House -- which less than three weeks ago announced a new diplomatic effort to restart stalled talks with North Korea about its nuclear program -- said the test was in "  blatant defiance " of the Security Council . "  North Korea is directly and recklessly challenging the international community , " the White House said . "  The danger posed by North Korea 's threatening activities warrants action by the international community . " While the test was not a surprise , Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said it showed Pyongyang was becoming "  increasingly belligerent . " North Korea announced its underground nuclear test a little more than an hour after the U.S. Geological Survey reported a magnitude 4.7 seismic disturbance at the site of North Korea 's first nuclear test . There was no immediate information on the yield of the weapon used in Monday 's test . The Russian Defense Ministry said the explosion was between 10 to 20 kilotons . The U.S. State Department said it was analyzing the data . Mullen said it would take a couple of days to verify the reported test , but he added , "  there 's no indication that it was n't as they say . " The North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency would say only that the latest test was safely conducted "  on a new higher level in terms of its explosive power and technology of its control . " Watch more analysis on test " U.S. intelligence estimated the first North Korean test , in October 2006 , produced an explosion equal to less than 1,000 tons of TNT . The low yield was a fraction of the size of the bombs the United States dropped on Japan at the end of World War II . Intelligence analysts had predicted North Korea would conduct a second rocket or nuclear test . The North threatened to do so after the Security Council voted unanimously to condemn its April launch as a violation of a 2006 resolution that bans North Korea 's ballistic missile activity . Watch how Pyongyang has used nuclear tests to gain concessions " North Korea insisted the rocket was a communications satellite . It retaliated by threatening to walk away from the six-party talks aimed at disarming the country of nuclear weapons . The talks -- involving China , Japan , North Korea , Russia , South Korea and the United States -- are intended to persuade North Korea to scrap its nuclear program . The North also expelled international inspectors from its nuclear sites , announced plans to restart the reactor that produces plutonium for its nuclear weapons , and threatened to launch more rockets and another nuclear device . Monday 's test was conducted "  as part of the measures to bolster up its nuclear deterrent for self-defense in every way , " the North Korean news agency said . "  They think this will enhance and embolden their diplomatic capability to deal with the other countries , " said Han Sung Joo , former South Korean ambassador to the United States . "  Of course , it may be working the other way . But from their point of view , this is their lifeline , which they want to maintain . " China 's government "  expresses firm opposition " to the test , in which North Korea "  disregarded the opposition of the international community , " according to a statement from China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs . North Korea 's latest move could clear the way for the United States and the other members of the six-party talks , minus North Korea , to impose new punitive measures against a country desperate for food and energy assistance . For now , however , the North 's nuclear arms program is not a major security threat , analysts say . The country has yet to build an effective bomb or develop an effective delivery system to a target country . Watch South Korea 's reaction to the nuclear test " Last year , North Korea acknowledged producing roughly 88 pounds  40 kilograms  of enriched plutonium -- enough for about seven nuclear bombs . But analysts say North Korea is years from having a weapon it can put atop a long-range missile like those in the U.S. , Chinese or Russian arsenals . "  I know a lot of people may think , ` Oh no , a nuclear test . Does that mean war , conflict in the Korean Peninsula ? ' " said Jim Walsh , an international security analyst at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . "  The answer is ` no . ' " CNN 's Sohn Jie-ae , Jaime Florcruz , Matthew Chance and Morgan Neill contributed to this report .	North Korea conducts second nuclear test , angering world governments Emergency meeting of U.N. Security Council called North also tested a short-range missile , White House says U.S. says nuclear test was in "  blatant defiance " of the Security Council
Lamma Island , Hong Kong  CNN  -- When my neighbor Jane Wilbor got on a Lamma ferry Tuesday , she did something she 'd never done before with her three young children : She put on life preservers . "  I wanted to show them how to get one out and put one on , " said Wilbor , whose three children -- Louie , 10 , James , 9 , and 7-year-old Eddie -- are playmates with my son 4-year-old son , Jonah , in Pak Kok , a small village of a few dozen families on Lamma Island , one of hundreds of islands that make up Hong Kong . Our village was awoken by the sound of helicopters Monday night , as searchlights trained on the sea until the sunlight broke the next morning on a capsized boat just a few hundred meters offshore . The ferry collision that left at least 38 dead -- including five children -- is not an abstraction for those who live on Lamma , but a tragedy that puts the spotlight on an elemental part of our lives and the economic livelihood of Hong Kong : The busy waterways and the boats that connect the city . The fortunes of Hong Kong were built on its deep-water ports , and its seas are still among the hardest working waters in the world . The city had the third highest container ship traffic in the world in 2008 , according to the American Association of Port Authorities . About 135,600 passengers take local ferry services daily across Victoria Harbor from Hong Kong Island to Kowloon and outlying islands such as Lantau , Cheung Chau , Peng Chau and Lamma , government records say . It 's common for the ferries to stop and pivot around cargo-carrying behemoths that churn through the East Lamma Channel , buffeting the ferry with big waves before we continue on our way . As a daily commuter it 's now a wonder to me that tragedies like Monday 's collision do n't happen more often given the volume of traffic . Hong Kong seas are like "  Grand Central Terminal at rush hour ... it 's an extremely complicated harbor , " retired marine accident investigator Don Sheetz told CNN . Lamma life "  The ferry from Hong Kong to Lamma must be one of the most delightful commuter runs in the world , " a 2000 New York Times piece on tourist spots in Hong Kong reads . The roughly 5,000 residents of Lamma -- about one third of them expatriates , according to the government -- are drawn to the largely rural island for the peaceful counterpoint it offers to working among the skyscrapers in this bustling city of 7 million . There are no cars and no residences higher than three stories on the island . We prefer birdsong at dawn rather than jackhammers , and charting our life according to the ferry schedule is the price we pay  that , and the occasional exotic pest , such as the Chinese cobra that found its way into my home two years ago  . But life on Lamma Island is defined by the ferries . About two-thirds of the island departs each day on ferries to attend school and work , according to government statistics . The ferries create a strange familiarity , people I think of as "  ferry phantoms " -- strangers whose faces you know only from sharing the Lamma ferries -- and yet when your paths cross in the city , your instinct is to wave hello . The ferries are a great equalizer : I once shared a ferry ride with Lamma Island 's most famous son , Chow Yun Fat , the star of movie blockbuster "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , " who grew up on the island and frequently comes back for charity events . No matter your wealth , job or status , the ferry is your only ride here . So the degrees of separation from the tragedy are few to Lamma residents . The ships involved are known to us . There is n't a resident of Yung Shue Wan , the largest town on this island , who has n't ridden the Sea Smooth , the catamaran vessel operated by the Hong Kong and Kowloon Ferry Holdings . The Lamma IV , the ship that sank , was a common sight among the vessels that take workers daily to the Hong Kong Electric power plant on the island . Inside a few hours , a parent from my son 's preschool had posted a second-hand account on Facebook describing "  a sudden crash " and water flushing through a "  big hole " in the boat . "  There was panic , " the message said . My friend and bandmate Chris Head was on the Sea Smooth when it hit , throwing him to the floor . The boat listed as it took on water and when he looked out , he said the prow of the Lamma IV moved up into the air "  like the Titanic . " More : Survivors recount chaos , horror of ferry collision Questions remain The questions we have are the same as many , asking how it happened and grumblings about whether the ferry companies are doing enough to protect our safety . When my neighbor , Jane , gave her children a life jacket demonstration , she was admonished by the ferry staff , she said . The crews of both boats have since been arrested and Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung has promised a thorough investigation . But for the families on Lamma , the unease continues . My 4-year-old son is asking about the ferry crash , and on Tuesday implored me not to get onto the boat to go to work . This morning , as the families of Pak Kok gathered at the ferry pier at 6:50 a.m. local time for the commute to work and school , eyes kept moving to the spot offshore where yesterday the wreck of the Lamma IV stood dramatically out of the water . Today it 's gone . But for us , the memory of the 38 souls who lost their lives will be forever etched on that patch of sea -- a reminder of the daily trust we place in the hands of those who carry us across the water , and the horrible consequences when that trust is misplaced .	The tragic boat collision that killed 38 people has rocked the island community of Lamma The island is home to about 5,000 people a half hour ferry ride from Hong Kong Island The waters around Hong Kong have some of the busiest boat traffic in the world Ferries carry 135,600 people each day around Hong Kong 's major islands
Zhouqu County , China  CNN  -- Chinese soldiers frantically dug through the mud with shovels , even with their bare hands , Tuesday to reach the second story of an apartment building in northwestern Zhouqu County . After 60 hours trapped under mud , Liu Ma Shendeng was alive . The soldiers pulled out the 52-year-old man , a rare moment of joy in a search for survivors in which hope was fast diminishing . The death toll doubled Tuesday to 702 people in massive mudslides triggered Sunday by rain in China 's Gansu province , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Another 1,042 people are still missing . The side of a mountain broke off in the darkness of night and tore through remote Zhouqu , burying many homes and ripping others apart . The path of the mudslide is now covered in three and four stories of rock and mud . Some buildings , including the police department and a primary school , were flattened by the wall of mud . Others toppled over or vanished completely , buried under sludge many feet deep . "  There was a noise like thunder and then it came down from the sky , " said one woman , who did not want to be identified . "  There was no way to escape . " Liu was bedridden and too weak to talk . But he represented a miracle in this place of utter devastation . Thousands of soldiers , policemen , firefighters and medics worked to search for survivors , the sounds of heaving and digging punctuated by the mournful cries of those who realized they have lost their loved ones . In some cases , entire families were buried alive . "  My sons are buried here , " said Wang XuiQing , who stood with his wife , Yang Renhai , on a mound of earth that smothered their two-story home . The couple 's parents were inside along with their two sons . "  What is there to feel ? " Wang said sobbing . Chen Jianhua , an official in Zhouqu , said 218 injured people had been treated at local hospitals , and 41 severely injured survivors had been transferred for treatment in the provincial capital of Lanzhou , according to Xinhua . China 's rainy season started with a vengeance in early May and has brought the worst flooding in a decade . And more rain is forecast in the next few days . Some of the rocks and debris from the mudslide landed in the middle of the Bailong River that snakes through the area . The river overflowed and inundated low-lying neighborhoods . The government has been using explosives to break up the river debris , in an attempt to gradually release the water safely . On land , the dead were wrapped in blankets and carried out on stretchers or planks of wood . Bodies lined the streets and a makeshift morgue where family members came to identify the dead . Even for those who survived the mud , the future looks empty and uncertain . "  Now I have to rely on the government , " said a man who lost his home and several relatives . "  I do n't even have a pair of chopsticks to eat with . " In Washington , China 's disaster elicited sympathy from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . "  The United States is providing support for the ongoing relief efforts through assistance to the Red Cross Society of China , " she said in a statement . "  To those affected by this tragedy and to all the people of China , we send our heartfelt condolences . "	Soldiers rescued a man trapped for 60 hours under the mud Thousands of rescue teams were searching for more than 1,000 people still missing The mudslides were triggered by heavy rains that have tormented China all summer
CNN  Before a deadly fire that burned a home in Annapolis , Maryland , technology executive Don Pyle and his wife , Sandra , spent a day with their four grandchildren . The day included shopping for costumes , dinner at the Medieval Times restaurant and a sleepover at Pyle 's waterfront mansion . Monday was a school holiday , and the children -- Alexis  Lexi  Boone , 8 ; Kaitlyn  Katie  Boone , 7 ; Charlotte Boone , 8 ; and Wesley  Wes  Boone , 6 -- stayed over , a family spokeswoman said . Pyle , his wife and the four grandchildren are now feared dead after a suspicious fire destroyed the mansion early Monday morning . Authorities have recovered four bodies from the ruins . They continue to search for the others . The smiling grandchildren and their grandparents are seen in images released by family members , who described a boundless and unconditional bond between the victims . • Lexi loved her sister and new baby brother , her classmates , field hockey , lacrosse and ice skating , the family said in a statement Friday . "  She was thoughtful , social , smart , and determined , " according to the family . "  She loved her dog Sophie . Her favorite adventures included trips with her parents , grandparents , and cousins . Lexi wanted to be a vet or on television when she grew up . She was going to be famous . " • Katie loved her family and her new brother , the statement said . She was described as a kind and compassionate girl who enjoyed soccer , gymnastics , ice skating and singing to Taylor Swift . Her recent adventures included her birthday party with the Baltimore Ravens cheerleaders and a trip to New York City . "  Having just turned 7 , she was loving and thoughtful beyond her years , " the statement said . • Charlotte loved her family , horses , basketball and swimming . Her friend held a special place in her heart , the statement said . "  She was fun-loving , intelligent , and kind , " the statement said . "  She wanted to be known as a gamer with an epic love of Minecraft . Charlotte loved making videos with her guinea pig , Oreo . Charlotte 's future dreams were to run an animal rescue . " • Wes loved his friends and family , Doctor Who , Legos , Minecraft , Plants vs Zombies and swimming , according to the family . "  Wes was sweet and loving and looked up to his older sister immensely . He loved all his friends and he especially looked forward to seeing his classmates at school every day . He loved trips to the beach with his family . In his future , Wes wanted to build robots . " • Pyle loved his family , especially the grandchildren , according to the family . They affectionately called him "  Pop-Pop . " He treated friends as family and enjoyed long-term friendships from high school . His also liked fishing , golf , skiing and entertaining . "  Don loved the Ravens , Orioles , and Delaware Blue Hens Lacrosse . Don also cherished traveling with his wife . " • To his wife , Sandy , each grandchild occupied a special place in her heart , according to the family . They called her "  Dee-Dee . " For her , too , friends were like family . She was passionate about the Ravens , Orioles , the beach and travel . "  She was a one-of-a-kind original -- fun-loving , caring , and generous . She loved every animal , especially her rescue dogs , and contributed to numerous animal welfare groups . Sandy was incredibly sensitive to the needs of others and generous beyond words . " On Thursday , two bodies were retrieved from the ruins of the mansion , authorities said . Two other bodies were recovered the day before . The remains were taken to a medical examiner 's officer for autopsies and identification , Anne Arundel County Fire Department Capt. Russ Davies said in a statement . "  There are still two occupants unaccounted for , " he said . "  This remains a complex scene and much work remains to be done . " The family of the victims also released a statement Thursday . "  On behalf of the Boone and Pyle families , we wish to express our gratitude and appreciation for the love and support being shared with us during this tragic event , " the family 's statement said . "  We are blessed that so many family , friends and neighbors have come together for us in our time of need . " The Thursday statement confirmed the identities of the six people firefighters and others have been searching for in the ruins of the waterfront home . "  Our love for our family is boundless , " the statement said . "  Our loss demands time and quiet reflection to process these feelings . We ask that you respect our need for privacy . Life is fragile . Make time today to embrace your loved ones . " Local and federal officials were able to secure the structure and access the foundation of the 16,000-square-foot house Wednesday . Cadaver dogs led them to the bodies , officials said . Officials would not discuss where the bodies were or possible causes of death . Authorities are treating the house as a crime scene . Officials said it is standard procedure for a case such as this , and no evidence has been found to indicate suspicious activity . The house belonged to Pyle , chief operating officer for ScienceLogic , company spokesman Antonio Piraino said . The sheer size of the structure -- and the fact that three-fourths of it had collapsed into the basement , with deep piles of debris still smoldering -- compounded the search , Anne Arundel County Fire Capt. Robert Howarth said Tuesday . He is leading the investigation , along with a team from the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . "  You 're looking at five standard houses put together , " he said Tuesday . "  This is more of a commercial fire than it is a residential fire . There are a lot of businesses that are n't 16,000 square feet . That adds to it . " Pyle had not been heard from Monday , and his colleagues at ScienceLogic were "  hoping for a miracle , " CNN affiliate WJLA-TV in Washington reported . Heavy equipment was brought in to aid in the search for victims and clues , a process that could take days . "  We have some very unique challenges with this house , " Howarth said . "  The construction of the house contained a lot of very heavy materials . We 're looking at some steel beams that weigh in the area of 7 tons . " When the first firefighters arrived early Monday , they received conflicting reports about whether the family may have been out of town . But after interviews with relatives , it was determined that six members of the family were missing , fire officials said . Fire officials said they were alerted to the fire about 3:30 a.m. Monday . About 80 firefighters responded . The ATF national response team responded because the fire was deemed suspicious , Howarth said . The Fire Department said crews had difficulty putting out the fire because the house is secluded , apparently with no fire hydrants on the scene . Photos the Fire Department posted on Twitter showed hoses stretched for long distances . Davies said it took hours for department tanker trucks and a fire boat on an adjacent creek to bring the fire under control . Pyle 's company biography described him as an industry veteran who held multiple CEO positions , with more than 25 years ' experience in information technology infrastructure software and hardware management . Pyle told The Washington Post last year that after holding positions in a family business , he decided to look for an "  industry that was in its infancy and something that would have growth potential . " He started in a sales position in a firm that connected computers over transmission lines , and later sold both hardware and software components for the Internet . Pyle told the newspaper he eventually moved from sales to sales management to general management positions . In 1992 , the company went public and was sold to Cisco Systems five years later for $ 4.2 billion , according to the Post . CNN 's Ralph Ellis , Wes Bruer , Shimon Prokupecz and Lindy Royce contributed to this report .	Relatives remember two adults and four children thought to have died in the fire Relatives have identified four children thought to have perished Technology executive Don Pyle owned the house
CNN  -- Not content with claiming every major club honor with Chelsea and over a century of caps for England -- now Frank Lampard is relishing a new challenge in MLS with New York City FC . "  Obviously players tend to come here later in their careers , but for me personally I come here with a big determination to make an imprint on life here , " he told CNN . "  I made this move because I wanted to come here and do well . " The 36-year-old Lampard had a host of offers to prolong his career in the English Premier League or in Europe , but has opted for the Big Apple and the new franchise which starts in the 2015 season . "  It feels really right , " he said . "  For me personally it 's a great challenge to move from Chelsea to a different country and a great city like New York . " Lampard left Chelsea as a club legend , having scored a record 211 goals in 649 appearances over 13 seasons . During that time he helped the Blues to three EPL titles , the English FA Cup on four occasions and the crowning glory , the 2012 European Champions League crown . But last season it became clear that his Chelsea career was drawing to a close with manager Jose Mourinho looking to younger players . Lampard said that he was not ruling out a future role at Chelsea but was "  totally committed " to New York City FC . "  I 'm sure there is the possibility to go back later in some capacity , " he said . "  But I wanted to keep playing regularly and being important in a team . " Lampard , who has signed a two-year contact with New York , joins former Spanish international David Villa as the marquee players in the new venture . Before signing a one-year extension to his Chelsea contract before the start of last season , Lampard had mulled over a move to Los Angeles Galaxy , the then club of his former England teammate David Beckham . "  I have been watching the MLS since the Beckham 's and  Robbie  Keane arrived , " he said . "  The league has improved and its the perfect fit for me in football and lifestyle terms . " Lampard 's last action as an England player saw him take to the field in its final group match at the 2014 World Cup , a draw with Costa Rica , but having already been eliminated . It was his 106th international cap with 29 goals to his name , an excellent scoring rate for a midfield player . New York City FC sporting director Claudio Reyna described Lampard as "  one of the greatest players over the last 15 years " at his official unveiling Thursday and had worked hard to persuade him to make the move . "  New York sold me the vision of what they wanted to do , " Lampard said . "  I think when I look back at the end of my career with Chelsea it 's a period as good as it could be . "  I have no regrets , " he added .	Frank Lampard joining New York City FC Lampard won Champions League and EPL titles with Cheslsea Capped 106 times by England and played at 2014 World Cup Move to MLS ` the perfect fit ' he tells CNN
GAZA CITY  CNN  -- Gaza 's main hospital , already overloaded with Palestinians wounded in the week-long Israeli air assault , has reached critical mass , according to a Norwegian doctor volunteering at Shifa Hospital . A Palestinian father carries his wounded baby daughter into a hospital in Gaza City Sunday . "  The injured patients are mainly civilians , a lot of children with dreadful injuries , " Dr. Erik Fosse told CNN on Monday , estimating that 20 percent of the more than 500 people dead were children . "  This figure is rising , and I think it has to do with the development of the war as it moves into the city , " he added . After a weeklong series of air strikes , Israel launched a ground assault Saturday night . Palestinian medical officials said Israeli forces have killed 37 Palestinians -- both civilians and militants -- since moving into the territory . With those deaths , at least 507 Palestinians have been killed in the military operation , including about 100 women and children , officials said . In addition , 2,600 Palestinians have been injured , most of them civilians , officials said . "  We 've had a steady stream  of patients  every day , but the last 24 hours has  been  about triple the number of cases , " Fosse said late Sunday . Fosse said he estimated that about 30 percent of the casualties at Shifa -- Gaza City 's main hospital -- on Sunday were children , both among the dead and wounded . The increase in casualties at Shifa followed Israel 's ground incursion into Gaza . Fosse said 50 patients were "  severely wounded " when an Israeli air strike hit a food market in Gaza City . Watch Palestinians describe fearful life in Gaza " "  We were operating in the corridors , patients were lying everywhere , and people were dying before they got treatment , " he said . Most of the casualties were due to the air strikes that preceded the ground incursion . Other hospitals in Gaza could not treat the wounded because of a shortage of supplies and staff . Israel has said the military operation is a necessary self-defense measure after repeated rocket attacks from Gaza into southern Israel by Hamas militants . Israeli leaders say they are trying to minimize civilian casualties in Gaza . Last week , Dr. Eyad El-Sarraj , a psychiatrist who runs Gaza 's mental health program , said Gaza was headed for "  a major humanitarian disaster " unless the fighting ended soon . Meanwhile , at the Gaza-Egypt border , nearly 25 trucks carrying aid and medical supplies were unable to pass through the Rafah border crossing on Sunday , CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported . Egyptian authorities said the guards who were manning the Palestinian side of the border had abandoned their posts . Aid workers and drivers banged on the gate to protest the closure . Watch "  absurd " situation at border crossing " An official with the humanitarian group World Vision also confirmed that report , saying : "  Unfortunately today , they closed the border , so no aid entered Gaza today . " "  There are food shortages ... The health system is overwhelmed . The people here do n't have electricity , " added Mohammed El-Halaby , program manager for World Vision , adding that several power lines and water pumps were damaged by last week 's air strikes . On Saturday -- before Israel launched its ground incursion -- old Palestinian ambulances had carried the wounded across the border , where patients were loaded into modern ambulances . Most of those taken into Egypt were civilians , including a teenage boy with his arm blown off , as well as a 4-day-old baby , who was not injured but needed to be kept on a ventilator and in an incubator . iReport.com : Share reactions to the crisis in the Middle East About 10 truckloads of donations from Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Turkey and Greece crossed into Gaza on Saturday .	NEW : Doctor : Some 20 percent of the 500 people dead at hospital are children NEW : At least 507 Palestinians have been killed in the military operation Doctor : "  people were dying before they got treatment " Some 25 trucks bearing aid could not cross the Gaza-Egypt border on Sunday
CNN  -- Amongst the clouds of dust kicked up from the desert by the hundreds of new arrivals who pitch up every day at the Zaatari refugee camp -- just 15 kilometers from the Jordan/Syria border -- Abeer Rantisi is planning her next lesson . The twenty-six-year old is short , hair tied back , her thick-rimmed glasses sitting wonkyly at the end of her nose . She is standing outside a large marquee where a group of Syrian men is being taught the basics of soccer coaching . " ` Football , " she tells CNN , her eyes moving to a group of young children nearby , screeching with laughter as they kick a football around on a sand pitch , "  We all speak football . " Rantisi is a star for the Jordanian women 's national team , who are preparing for a tournament that could see the kingdom qualify for the World Cup finals for the first time in their history . But , for now , she has more important work to do . She coaches soccer for Syrian girls and young women who have fled the horrors of civil war and found themselves in what has become one of the biggest refugee camps in the world . The sound of a child 's laughter is rare in Zaatari . Since the start of the Syrian civil war -- the conflict marked its third anniversary in March -- this tiny hamlet has been transformed into one of the biggest cities in the country . As many as 150,000 people live here now . Hundreds come every day , sometimes more , sometimes less , depending on the brutality of the fighting just a few kilometers away . They have built a life of semi-permanence . According to the United Nations there are now close to 700 shops in the camp and nearly 60 mosques . You can buy cable TV from one of the many tents set up to supply the growing population . There 's a wedding cake shop , a place to buy wedding dresses and even a pet shop . It costs $ 1.6 billion a year to run Zaatari , but the human cost is immeasurable . Almost every player Rantisi coaches says they have been confronted with the unimaginable : bombings , the death of entire families , assault , rape . "  The main thing we can work on is self-confidence , " Rantisi explains of the fragile emotional and physical state her players arrive in . "  To bring those people here and tell them they can achieve whatever they want . We have to make them resilient because they were suffering in Syria . " Dealing with the emotional scars of a civil war is a tough job , but there is also the added obstacle of social conservatism to overcome . Almost everyone at Zaatari has come from Syria 's southern , rural , conservative Sunni population . Young girls have simply never played football in that environment . The biggest issue in such a sprawling , impersonal camp , according to Rantisi , is privacy . "  They have all come from conservative communities and are not allowed to play in public so we have to make sure that they are hiding all the time , " she says . "  It 's a really big problem here . Because you can see the camp it 's open from all angles so we have to find a safe place for them to play . We have to find private places just for the girls to come . " In private , away from the gaze of men , Rantisi works with her players , but it takes time for her to earn their trust . "  The women in Zaatari have no idea about sport at all , " she explains . "  In the first lecture we say : ` We are national team players . We have come here to talk about sport . ' They ask : ` What do you mean ? What is sport ? ' " It is not an uncommon question in the region . While women 's soccer has boomed around the world , the game in the Middle East has been fraught with religious and cultural opposition over the past decade . In Kuwait a nascent women 's national team was effectively banned in 2007 after lawmakers decided it was ` un-Islamic ' for women to play soccer . The Palestinian women 's national team had to fight social conservatism within its own communities to build a mixed team of Muslim and Christian players . Saudi Arabia still has no women 's team . But attitudes are changing . The Jordan team has only existed since 2005 and has been backed with money and support from Prince Ali bin al Hussein , the young half-brother of the king , who was recently elected as a vice-president on FIFA 's powerful executive committee . Fifteen new training centers for young girls have been built and Prince Ali has been instrumental in pushing through a rule change that allows Muslim women to wear a modified hijab to cover their hair during FIFA matches . Originally they had been prevented from doing so on the grounds that the hijab was a religious symbol . But the change could revolutionize the game in the Middle East and open soccer to millions of women who would otherwise be prevented from playing . In the past few years alone national women 's teams have been set up in the UAE , Qatar and now , finally , Kuwait too . The greatest success story , though , has been the Jordanian national team with Rantisi , who cites French World Cup winner Zinedine Zidane as her inspiration , in the heart of midfield "  I 'm from Amman and started playing when when I was 13 , " she recalls . "  In Jordan we do n't have the same problems anymore as say with the Palestinians . "  We do n't have the same social problems as they have . But we used to , when we started in the past . " In just eight years the Jordan team has gone from nothing to qualifying for the Asian Cup . Rantisi scored a hat trick in a world record 21-0 victory over Kuwait in one qualification match . That tournament takes place in May and if Jordan reach the semi-finals they will qualify for the World Cup , the first time a team from the region will have ever made it . "  I play as a central midfielder so it was fun to score , " she says , a little embarrassed at the huge scoreline . "  We have to look at new teams like Qatar and Kuwait and support them . But , " she adds , laughing now , "  we needed the 20 goals as Uzbekistan were in the same group and they scored eighteen ! " For Prince Ali , the success of the team on the pitch vindicates an investment in the women 's game that few others in the region were willing to make . "  Our girls have qualified for the Asian Cup , the first team ever from West Asia and that 's down to them and the investment we 've put in , " he explains of Jordan 's recent success on the pitch . "  We chose a coach from Japan , bearing in mind they are World Cup champions , and we hope they can make it to the World Cup . " The Zaatari project is a collaboration between the Asian Football Development Project , set up by Prince Ali , and UEFA , European football 's governing body . The aim is to use football to promote healthier living and also to fill the idle hours that refugee camps provide in abundance . More than 1,000 children and young adults under 20 are in the program , with 80 more being trained to coach . "  All the children that arrive are completely devastated , " explains Bassam Omar al Taleb , a 31-year old Syrian who had himself fled his home in Daraa a few months before . Once a keen amateur soccer player , he is now coaching Zaatari 's new arrivals . "  They have seen their family members killed before their eyes and the journey to Jordan is a difficult one , " he says . "  Through football we at least try to remove the sense of fear and regain some sense of normalcy . " Meanwhile as the war in Syria continues . Zaatari 's numbers swell every day . "  It is a really difficult job , " Rantisi says . As the coaching class for young Syrian men finishes , the children are still on the sand pitch , shrieking as they chase the ball as a pack . "  But , " Rantisi adds , "  we have to bring them back to life . "	As many as 150.000 people living in Zaatari refugee camp Star for the Jordanian women 's national team Abeer Rantisi is coaching in the camp Rantisi says coaching helps to build refugeesl ' confidence Camp costs $ 1.6 billion a year to run
CNN  -- With their country having the dubious distinction of first place in a global ranking of obese populations , legislators in Mexico have approved new taxes on high-calorie foods and soft drinks . A measure that cleared the Mexican senate on Thursday and that now awaits the president 's signature puts an 8 % tax on edibles with high caloric contents . Although the legislation does not identify all foods that fit into its tax category or include a specific list , it cites "  food that is high in calories such as fried foods ... sweets , foods made mainly with cereal , among others ... " Senators also approved a tax of one peso  about seven-and-a-half cents  on every liter of soft drinks . The tax measures come after Mexico jumped ahead of the United States to claim first place in a list of most-obese nations in a U.N. food and agriculture report this year . Meanwhile , in another component of a government effort to combat obesity , the Mexico Health Department is joinging with two pediatric organizations in a campaign to prevent childhood obesity . The campaign 's goal is to help doctors understand the complications of obesity , as well as the preventative and treatment measures available , said Arturo Perea-Martinez of Mexico 's National Pediatric Institute According to the World Health Organization , the average Mexican drinks 163 liters  about 43 gallons  of soda a year , which is 40 % more than the average U.S. citizen , making Mexico the largest consumer of soft drinks in the world .	Legislation adds an 8 % tax on food high in caloric content A liter of soft drink also gets a tax Mexico tops a U.N. report ranking the most obese nations Mexico passed the U.S. to top the list
Lenakel , Vanuatu  CNN  Jacobeth Nilah wails in pain in the storm-battered hospital . The 9-year-old girl suffered a head injury when the roof of her family home fell on top of her as Tropical Cyclone Pam raged over the South Pacific island where she lives . The storm , one of the most powerful ever to make landfall , killed her mother and brother . Now , Jacobeth 's life hangs in the balance , says Dr. Lawrence Boe . If she 's not airlifted soon , she could die in the stricken hospital whose equipment was damaged in the cyclone , the doctor told CNN on Tuesday . She needs surgery and a bed in an intensive care unit . Dr. Boe is the only doctor at the hospital , which is the only hospital on Tanna , one of more than 80 islands that make up the nation of Vanuatu . Cyclone Pam raked across the archipelago with 155 mph  250 kph  winds over the weekend , destroying thousands of homes and killing at least 11 people . The storm also cut off communications between the capital , Port Vila , and many of the outer islands like Tanna . That left Dr. Boe unable to reach anyone in the capital to ask for supplies or a medevac for Jacobeth , who lies in a room with dozens of other patients who were injured in the storm . Dr. Boe used a CNN satellite phone on Tuesday to raise the alarm . He said he thinks authorities are going to send some help . He listed to CNN some of the basic but vital resources the hospital is lacking : "  Water and food for the patients and some medical supplies to deal with the injuries . IV fluids and rehydration fluids for dehydration . " "  Water would be number one on the list , " he said . Tanna is an hour-long flight from the capital . And the town of Lenakel , where the hospital is situated , is another 45 minutes of rugged driving from the airstrip . Aid groups have expressed serious fears about the potential scale of the devastation left by the cyclone on the more remote islands of Vanuatu , where many people live in rickety homes made of thatch or metal sheets . The death toll currently stands at 11 , according to Vanuatu authorities , five of them from Tanna . But officials say it will take days or even weeks to get a full picture of the destruction . The country 's roughly 260,000 citizens are spread across about 65 inhabited islands . Vanuatu 's President Baldwin Lonsdale has called Cyclone Pam "  a monster , " saying it has set back the development of his country , already one of the poorest in the region , by years . One aid organization has said it could be one of the worst disasters ever to hit the Pacific . The storm flooded many of the wards of the hospital on Tanna , which lies near the southern end of the archipelago . Half of the hospital is unusable . As the cyclone pummeled the hospital and its surroundings , the patients cowered in two rooms . Uprooted trees now litter the building 's surroundings . Its flagpole was snapped in half . Volunteer nurses have come to help the dozens of patients . One baby was born Monday and now lies on a bed in the ruined maternity ward . Her parents , Alina and Ron Loman , have n't chosen a name yet . They 're just happy their child is healthy amid so much destruction . CNN 's Ivan Watson reported from Lenakel , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Pamela Boykoff and Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	A 9-year-old girl with head injuries urgently needs airlifting for surgery , doctor says He is the only doctor at the only hospital on the island of Tanna in Vanuatu Tropical Cyclone Pam has caused widespread damage across the island nation
CNN  -- As demand for the latest smartphones and other mobile devices soars to a fever pitch , more retailers are jockeying to snatch up older gadgets . Electronics chain Best Buy , Web auction house eBay and most major cellular carriers have either launched or ramped up their trade-in programs in recent months . Each of them , along with myriad startups , wants a bite of the huge resale market . How much you get for an old phone or other gadget depends on a variety of factors , including its age , its condition and how in demand the particular brand is . For example , a newer iPhone model will net you much more than a 3-year-old Windows Mobile smartphone . Retailers have a word for this cultural trend toward perpetual buying of newer consumer technology : upgrades . And as these consumers look to upgrade their hardware every year or two -- even if their current handset works fine -- they tend to build up a trove of slightly outdated gadgets . Retailers are offering incentives to reclaim these past-their-prime phones that can be refurbished and resold , or passed off to overseas merchants . These buy-back retail services usually offer traders only store credit , rather than cash . Also , all of these companies will recycle a gadget that 's too old to warrant payment . This is an especially attractive business for cell providers , which are always at risk of losing out-of-contract customers to other carriers . Giving customers credit toward a new phone is an incentive for them to keep paying their subscriptions . Cell carriers take phone trades AT&T Mobility stores began letting customers trade in phones , including those from competitors , this month . The second-largest U.S. carrier by subscribers is partnering with a company called Flipswap , which specializes in trading phones . To Flipswap , which carrier a phone is tied to is n't important . Most of the company 's revenue comes from reselling used phones overseas . Hot markets include Asia , Africa and Latin America , where people are n't as willing to pay top dollar for the latest technology . Being able to take other carriers ' devices was a nice selling point for the AT&T partnership , said Flipswap CEO Dave Stritzinger . "  It 's a great way to say , ` Hey , we 're sorry you 're on our competitor 's network . Bring that phone in , and we 'll give you some money for that . ' " Verizon Wireless , which launched its program in October , and Sprint Nextel stores both take competitors ' phones as well . Since introducing its buyback program in 2001 , Sprint has taken 23 million trade-in devices , said Chad Lander , a Sprint director overseeing the service . Last year , Sprint began accepting competitors ' phones . As a result , the program saw a 100 % increase in trades last year compared with the year before , Lander said . Best Buy , a newcomer to trade-ins For the shopper who does n't want a monogamous relationship with his cell carrier , Best Buy debuted the Buy Back program in January in all of its U.S. stores and mobile kiosks . It allows customers purchasing electronics to pay up front for the ability to trade them in for store credit later . The big-box retailer publicized the program with a high-profile Super Bowl commercial featuring Ozzy Osbourne and Justin Bieber , in which the celebrities puzzle over "  5G " and "  6G " phones . Best Buy has seen some blowback from critics who characterize the program as yet another "  add-on " at checkout , that , like those product warranties , may not end up being a great deal for the consumer . Last week , the company extended a promotion to offer Buy Back for free on purchases made by Sunday . After that , the program will cost $ 60 for most electronics people would want to insure . Best Buy pays consumers in store credit . Trading a mint-condition product in the first six months after purchase nets 50 % of the original price . Unlike the carriers that take only cell phones , Best Buy also covers laptops , tablets and televisions . With phones , that 50 % applies to the unsubsidized price , which is much higher than what people pay when they get phones with two-year contracts . "  Consumers do n't realize the real value of these devices , " said Scott Moore , a Best Buy Mobile marketing executive . "  They may be buying it for $ 199 right now and getting $ 265 back . " But how likely are you to turn around just six months later and buy a new phone ? That 's when the offer starts to look less attractive . Buy Back knocks off 10 % of the value every six or eight months until , after two years , the $ 60 ticket is worthless . The Buy Back program was birthed from a long trial in New York stores . Flipswap , the AT&T partner , manages Best Buy 's trade-in service at its stores in Canada . EBay simplifies resale process Best Buy 's offer works only in stores , but customers can check eligibility online . The Verizon and Sprint buy-back programs also apply online , and dozens of Web startups are popping up to offer similar services . Feeling the pressure , eBay stepped in last year with a service called Instant Sale . The auction site partnered with a company called CExchange to handle the physical trades . Transactions look a lot like an eBay seller listing , except for the annoyances of writing descriptions and uploading photos . Once your phone is appraised through the listing process , the site lets you print a FedEx label granting free shipping . CExchange inspects the product , and if it works , the promised money appears in your PayPal account after a few days . Creating a service to compete with the spirit of eBay , which has always been about letting the average person sell their old stuff online , can seem odd . Acknowledging shortcomings of the core business , Arnaud Collin , eBay 's director of seller experience , said that with the old way , "  nothing is guaranteed . You may not sell it at all if you 're unlucky . "  You have to pack it , send it , pay for the shipping and everything , " he added . "  Most people do n't have time . " Since launching a promotion around Verizon 's launch of the iPhone 4 , eBay 's Instant Sale racked up 1 million trades in a week , Collin said . Which store has the best prices ? Unsurprisingly , every trade-in retailer CNN talked to said it offers the most competitive prices . Best Buy said its up-front fee ensures a good price later . Sprint said it constantly monitors competitors to offer an attractive price that does n't constantly fluctuate . AT&T 's Flipswap said it can offer good value because trading is its core business focus . EBay said most of these third-party resellers end up flipping their goods on eBay anyway , so it had the pick of the litter when it landed on CExchange . Not everyone can be the best , except when it is . When one retailer has a better price on a BlackBerry Bold , another will best the others on its payout for a BlackBerry Curve . In our tests , the prices were often close , with most offering between $ 110 to $ 140 for a 2-year-old iPhone , for example . EBay asks subjective questions that noticeably affect price estimates . CNN was n't able to test the evaluation process to see how stringent its hardware tests were . But eBay pays via PayPal , which can be deposited into a bank account , whereas most big competitors pay in store credit . But the lesson is simple : "  Never put a phone in a drawer , because they 're losing value every day , " Flipswap 's Stritzinger said .	AT&T launches a service in its stores for trading in old cell phones , including competitors ' Verizon and Sprint have long offered buy-back programs Best Buy and eBay recently expanded their own gadget trade-in programs
KUPANG , Indonesia  CNN  -- At Roslin Orphanage , children giggle through deep concentration as they try to master the "  Chicken Dance . " It 's a far cry from the Indonesian orphans ' earlier months and years . Budi Soehardi poses with young residents of Roslin Orphanage . "  They are cheerful-looking and photogenic , but close to all have a very sad story , " said Budi Soehardi , founder of the West Timor orphanage . "  Some of the babies come because a mother passes away right after delivery because of lack of nutrition . Others come from extreme poverty . Some come from families -LSB- that -RSB- just do not want the children and abandon them , " he said . Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year Soehardi , a 53-year-old Indonesian pilot living in Singapore , and his wife , Peggy , look after 47 children at the orphanage . They have a personal relationship with each one , and consider them part of their family . The couple named many of the children since they entered the orphanage as babies -- some of them tiny victims and refugees from the conflict in East Timor . Soehardi has three children of his own but says there is no difference between what he supplies for his biological children and those living at the orphanage . They all get clean living spaces , vaccinations , food , clothing and vitamins from the United States . "  Mr. Budi is like my own father , " said Gerson Mangi , 20 , a resident at Roslin Orphanage . Mangi , who came to the orphanage when he was 12 years old , had no means to attend school after his parents died . Now , thanks to the educational training at Roslin and a private sponsor , he is in medical school . Soehardi , whose father died when he was 9 years old , can relate to these young people 's hardships . "  Food was hard to come by and my school fee was very difficult , " Soehardi said . "  The refugees just really strike me so badly and -LSB- I want -RSB- them to be better off . " Young victims of a fight for independence A 1999 news report on the situation in East Timor inspired the Soehardis to take action . Soehardi was eating dinner and watching CNN with his wife and family at home in Singapore when he saw the plight of the refugees fleeing East Timor for West Timor , Indonesia . Families were living in cardboard boxes , children were wearing rags for clothes , and sanitation was nonexistent . "  It was devastating , " Soehardi said . The poor conditions were a result of conflicts in East Timor that surfaced after the residents voted for independence from Indonesia . Following the election , militias -- with support from Indonesian security forces -- launched a campaign of violence throughout the region . Hundreds of East Timorese were killed , and as many as 250,000 were displaced from their homes , according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . The Soehardis had been planning on taking a vacation , but watching the news made them rethink their plans . " -LSB- My wife and I -RSB- look at each other and we have a thought of our own . ... ` Hey , let 's do something else . Why do n't we visit the place ... to make a different kind of holiday , ' " Soehardi said . He began coordinating financial donations , food , clothing and supplies . With help from friends and ground volunteers , the Soehardis navigated the conflict-ridden areas and delivered more than 40 tons of food , medical supplies and toiletries to East Timor refugee camps . Soon the Soehardis determined West Timor could use a space for orphans . "  My wife was initially asking me to build three rooms . Then two hours later she -LSB- asked for -RSB- five rooms , and then later nine rooms and finally , the orphanage building . " They completed their orphanage building in 11 months and named it Roslin Orphanage , after a pair of Timorese women whom Peggy looked up to as a girl . In April 2002 , the orphanage opened and provided a home for four children . Since then the residence has expanded to provide free education , clothing , housing and food for 47 children of all ages , newborns to university-age . About half of its residents are younger than 8 years old . Watch Soehardi teach the children the alphabet " An unexpected harvest The orphanage was built on donated land that the Soehardis initially thought bore barren soil . But today , the rice they feed the children comes solely from their own land . "  We dared to take the challenge , " said Soehardi of his foray into irrigation . He and Peggy , who are not trained in agriculture , used two pumps and a generator to get water for irrigation . Then they began planting rice . "  One hundred days later , we were having our first harvest and declared ourselves to be self-sufficient on rice for the orphanage children , " he said . Watch Soehardi explain how he made the land more fertile " It 's a fortunate cost-cutting tactic , especially with Soehardi losing his piloting job in November because of the struggling economy . Soehardi , whose pilot salary goes toward maintaining the orphanage and funding medical student Mangi 's education , is hopeful that the end of his contract will not affect the children 's well-being . "  To help these children is a privilege for me and my wife because it 's giving back to society ... giving back what has been blessed to us . " Want to get involved ? Check out Roslin Orphanage and see how to help .	Budi Soehardi founded an orphanage to help children in Indonesia "  Mr. Budi is like my own father , " one resident says Soehardi and his wife harvest their own rice to sustain the orphanage 's food supply Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year at CNN.com / Heroes
Editor 's note : Writer and activist Gloria Steinem has been involved in feminist and other social justice movements for more than 40 years . This open letter to the girls of the world is part of the "  Girl Rising " project . CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising " documents extraordinary girls and the power of education to change the world . Watch it June 16 at 9 p.m. ET on CNN . Dear Girls of the World , Every female human being has a right to give birth to herself . You have the right to be safe in your body , to explore the world with your mind and to be free in your spirit . If human rights like these are denied to you -- whether by family or a stranger , by government or religion -- seek out trustworthy people who share your experience . When unique voices are united in a common cause , they make history . -- Gloria Steinem More : CNN 's "  Girl Rising " Write your own open letter to girls of the world Photos : The girls ' stories from "  Girl Rising "	Gloria Steinem writes an open letter to girls of the world CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising " premieres June 16
CNN  -- How do you follow a phenomenon like Frankel ? It is 18 months in April since one of the greatest horses ever to grace the planet retired in a blaze of glory , with his 14th race win from 14 starts to take his career earnings just shy of # 3 million  $ 5 million  . It led to a rating of 147 from Timeform , making him the highest-rated horse since the records began . His trainer Henry Cecil , who passed away last year following a battle with cancer , said of the horse with a top speed of 42 mph : "  He 's the best I 've ever seen . I 'd be very surprised if there 's ever been a better horse . " Frankel was once described as a "  lightning strike of genetics , which may not be repeated for 100 years . " Jockey Tom Queally was on board for the duration of his career and likens him to the "  Usain Bolt of horse racing . " "  Really , you can compare him to any of the greats in any sport , in fact in any walk of life and that 's him . He was just head and shoulders above everyone else . " Today , Frankel stands in a luxury stable at Banstead Manor Stud in southeast English county of Suffolk , fed and watered and walked out to breed with the world 's fastest and most famous horses . The world 's wealthiest horse owners pay # 125,000  $ 210,000  for every impregnation , as they try to unearth the next Frankel . In his first season alone , he covered 133 mares . Queally admits that part of him will be excited to get the opportunity to ride these offspring in future , but he is also under no illusions about the reality of life after Frankel . Following that last race , he asked : "  Everything 's going to be an anticlimax after Frankel is n't it ? " In reality , he knew the answer . "  No-one can compare to Frankel , no one will ever compare to him as every moment spent on his back was a special moment , " the Irishman told CNN . "  There 's different eras in different sports and inevitably people will always make comparisons . But I 'm a realist , I know I wo n't ever ride a horse like that again . It 'll be fun to ride his impact . I think we 'll still see Frankel 's impact on horse racing in that regard . I think he 'd like the idea he 's still making a mark . " Frankel 's temperament is not quite like that of some of the great racehorses , who are often jittery , tetchy animals , highly sprung and highly strung . In contrast , Frankel has always been a fairly placid soul . But even a year and a half on from that moment he last delighted packed stands as he ripped up the turf at Ascot to win the Champions Stakes , Queally can still easily recall his majesty . "  He was just a superstar , pure and simple , " says Queally . "  He had an enormous amount of ability and he just dominated simply because he was far superior to everyone else . He had a lovely temperament and was just very professional in every way imaginable . "  He was n't that easy to ride to start with -- he had a bit of a hold but he just got easier . I think part of it was down to his intelligence . He was such a quick learner and , by the end of it , I 'd just push a button and he 'd go . There was never once a time when I thought he 'd lose . " Life after Frankel has changed markedly for Queally and those around him . After Cecil passed away , aged 70 , Queally -- who had been the official jockey at the trainer 's Warren Place stables in Newmarket -- has since opted to go freelance . A once great team has dissipated but Frankel lives on , as does the memory of what he achieved . Queally 's home is littered with memories of him , from the trophies to photographs of the pair 's famous victories . However , Queally has seen him just once since their final day in action together , but there remains an indelible bond between jockey and horse . "  I know it sounds strange but we got on well , " he says . "  I 'd chat to him a lot when racing , trying to relax him or maybe just me . "  It seemed important as there was always such hype when we raced . I would n't say there was pressure as I was always happy on his back , and really I always knew the result . " But the issue for Queally is that he has achieved his career high , at least in terms of the absolute class of the horse that follows him . However , he now distances himself from that earlier "  anticlimax " comment . "  There 's an element of anticlimax in that they 'll never be another one like him , but then there 's two other parts , " he explains . "  One is that I was very lucky to have ridden him in the first place but the other thing is that I have other career goals . "  As a freelance rider , you hope to get some top rides . Basically how it works is my agent will get contacted about certain rides and then they get lined up . I still want to compete in the top races immaterial of who I 'm riding , to win things like the Derby . "  I 'm looking forward to that and , in some ways , winning the races and championships tops what 's gone before . " However , one thing he is aware of is that should he ride another trailblazer of the track , the comparisons will inevitably come to the fore . "  I know that the first question I 'll be asked about will always be Frankel , " he says . "  And I 'm okay with that . "	It is 18 months since wonder horse Frankel retired from racing Jockey Tom Queally admits he will never ride another like the "  Usain Bolt of racing " Queally has visited Frankel just once but has moved on , targeting wins not horses Frankel 's trainer Henry Cecil , who died last year , called him "  the best I 've ever seen "
CNN  -- Ivory Coast 's president declared three days of national mourning and promised a speedy investigation into the New Year 's Day stampede that killed 60 people , most of them women and children . "  The president of the republic offers his saddest condolences to the families and close relations of the victims and ensures them of his compassion in those painful circumstances , " President Alassane Ouattara 's office said in a statement issued Tuesday night . Ouattara went to the scene of the disaster and has ordered the government to take care of the injured , his office said . "  He also asked an investigation to be carried out as soon as possible to determine the circumstances and causes of this stampede , " the statement said . The horror unfolded about 1 a.m. after a New Year 's Eve fireworks show in Abidjan , the West African country 's largest city and former capital . The dead included 26 children , 28 women and six men , Youth Minister Alain Lobognon reported via Twitter . Read more : Death toll from stampede at Angola stadium vigil rises Interior Minister Hamed Bakayoko said the tragedy happened as hundreds of people were trying to go home after the fireworks display ended in Plateau , the city 's central business district . The crush was near a stadium , Bakayoko said , adding that the proper security measures were in place during the fireworks show . In addition to the deaths , Bakayoko said , another 49 people were injured , two seriously . Many of the victims were trampled on or suffocated by the surging crowd , a senior fire official said on national television . Rescue workers were at the scene two hours later but could not save the victims , the official AIP news agency said . AIP had reported earlier that all the victims were all children , ranging in age from eight to 15 . A police official in Abidjan told CNN that most of the victims were young people who wanted to join in the celebration while their elders stayed at home . The stampede occurred in an area of narrow streets , according to the official , who did not want to be named as he is not authorized to talk to the media . He said the parents of those involved were at the hospitals and were being assisted by state authorities . Before the night 's events took a deadly turn , AIP reported that thousands of people had poured into the streets to join the celebration , seen by some as symbolizing the nation 's return to peace . Nearly 5,000 extra personnel were deployed to ensure people 's security , the news agency said , most of them in the Plateau area . Ivory Coast suffered months of violence following disputed presidential elections in November 2010 . Laurent Gbagbo , then the incumbent president , refused to step down after Ouattara was declared the winner . Gbagbo was arrested five months later and is now awaiting trial at The Hague , in the Netherlands , accused of crimes against humanity for the civil unrest and deaths . The International Criminal Court also wants Ivory Coast to hand over his wife , Simone Gbagbo , to face allegations of crimes against humanity . The West African nation is home to around 22 million people , according to the CIA World Factbook . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Stephanie Halasz reported from London ; and journalist Gemma Parellada from Abidjan .	NEW : Ouattara vows speedy probe into stampede that kills 60 Another 49 people are injured , Interior Minister Hamed Bakayoko says Youth minister says 26 of the dead are children and 28 are women West African nation is home to about 22 million people
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel has dominated Formula One for the past three years and looks set to win a fourth straight drivers ' championship -- but that could all change in 2014 when the winds of change are unleashed on the sport . Vettel 's Red Bull has been the standout car , with the German consistently faster than his rivals at Ferrari , Mercedes , Lotus and McLaren . However , McLaren 's sporting director Sam Michael says the introduction of new technical regulations next season means a new order may emerge in the world of F1 . Cars currently use 2.4-liter engines but they will be forced to bring in 1.6-liter turbocharged V6 engines next year , while there are also changes to aerodynamics and energy systems . "  When you get a big rule change the engineering structures are not fast enough to respond , even if you 're given two or three years to design cars for 2014 , " Michael told F1 's official website . "  Although we 're a world away from where we were 20 years ago in terms of preparation -- ultimately until you get out there and run properly you 're not going to have as much reliability as you do on the current cars . "  So do I think it will mix things up ? Probably . There 'll be different results that would n't occur like they do now . It 's just another thing that 's part of rule changes and it 's something that you have to cope with . " Vettel has won seven races so far this season and sits well clear at the top of the drivers ' championship , with nearest challenger Fernando Alonso of Ferrari 60 points adrift . But Michael believes next season could be a far closer affair . He says the introduction of a new powertrain will give teams early reliability problems , while narrow front wings , a reduction in nose height and prohibiting of exhaust blowing will also cause trouble for mechanics . "  When you have such a big change to the powertrain from a mechanical side , you will build in more margin than what you would have done previously , " he added . "  Let 's say we had n't made any changes to the powertrain for next year ; what you 'd be doing is taking an extremely well-known product and chipping away at marginal gains -- a little bit of weight here , a bit of friction there , maybe a change in packaging . "  That 's all gone out of the window for 2014 and you 'll be in one of two positions -- either you 've pushed it too far and you 'll be unreliable , or you 'll be too heavy and you 'll want to take some weight out of the car . "  Both of those things take time . You wo n't have got it bang on in all areas of the car , so everyone will be in the same game . "  The slope that you get on when you have such big rule change is very steep compared to normal , so I think the development race -- trying to claw back as much downforce as you can -- will be a significant part of the 2014 season . "	Formula One will introduce a whole host of new regulations for 2014 season Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel is poised to win a fourth consecutive drivers ' title McLaren believes changes in rules means teams will face adaptation problems
CNN  -- At the end of another turbulent year for business as usual , the march of the disruptors shows no sign of abating . Big data analytics , the sharing economy , and virtual reality are just some of the transformational trends that have been causing sleepless nights for CEOs . The good news for consumers is that the stream of innovation will only intensify in 2015 , as exciting new opportunities are grasped in diverse fields from sleep to smart clothes , from credit card security to emotion sensing . Expect to hear a lot more from these emerging players in 2015 . Witricity The transmission of power is to undergo a wireless revolution , thanks to the ingenious and long-suffering efforts of this Boston firm . After several years of development , Witricity have successfully tested their unique system , which delivers atmospheric electricity through a magnetic coil , on cars and computers . The group believes that all our appliances and will eventually be powered this way and the first consumer tests will take place next year . Final The credit card reimagined to empower the user against fraud and stealth charges . This model generates temporary , unique numbers for each merchant the user deals with , so that security breaches can be quarantined and direct debits swiftly canceled with ease and convenience . The Colorado start-up launched in October , quickly became a hit with the community of accelerator Y Combinator , and is tipped for mass adoption in 2015 . Magic Leap Oculus Rift should finally meet its expectant public in 2015 , with games and experiences among its early priorities . But the most exciting virtual event of 2015 could come from Magic Leap , who have secured heavyweight investment and are expanding fast despite releasing barely any information about their project . What is known suggests a dynamic and seamless immersion in fantasy worlds . Owlstone Molecular analysis a la Star Trek has become ever more plausible , with a swathe of nanotechnologies offering detailed breakdowns of an object 's properties . Cambridge 's Owlstone is applying it to the greatest health challenges , devizing a simple breath test that reveals Volatile Organc Compounds  VOCs  indicating cancer , diabetes and TB . The group recently doubled the size of its operation , and aims to save 10,000 lives by 2020 . Wearable experiments Stylish , socially conscious and fitted with bleeding-edge tech , the company led by Australian designer Billie Whitehouse , 27 , is generating intense buzz . From the ` alert shirt ' for sports events that sends haptic signals from the pitch to the crowd , to outfits that help you navigate a city , the experiments are likely to captivate a whole new audience in the new year . Affectiva Boasting the world 's largest database of emotion analytics , the MIT offshoot has patented advanced face and emotion recognition software , and found lucrative applications . Advertizing , market research , entertainment and education are among the fields seeking to exploit the technology , which is also being launched on mobile . On Deck Following in the footsteps of the Lending Club , which blazed a trail for bank-free finance this year with a valuation close to $ 9 billion after a wildly successful IPO . New York 's On Deck believe that their lending algorithm which bypasses credit checks and facilitates fast support can take alternative loans even further , and elite investors including Google and Paypal founder Peter Thiel agree . Sense Fitness trackers exploded this year with users charting every waking moment , so it was perhaps inevitable that makers would turn their attention to quantifying sleep . Sense , from British entrepreneur James Proud and his San Francisco start-up Hello , is a sleek glowing ball full of sensors tracking factors such as temperature , noise and humidity , allowing for analysis and improvement of sleep . Activity and sleep tracker Misfit should also make a splash in 2015 . Women.com With the plague of misogyny and trolling that many women experience online , there should be significant demand for the first male-free social network . Facebook alumni Susan Johnson believes the concept , now in a beta stage , will encourage women to share and participate more in public forums . Infiltrating males have so far been rebuffed . Also watch out for Ello , an ad-free , ethical social network for users that have lost faith in the main players . PocketQube Affordable satellites are attracting great interest from enthusiasts and commercial players alike , and Glasgow company Alba Orbital are launching a no-frills , five-centimeter device that can be launched for around $ 35,000 , a fraction of existing costs . Initially for education and academic use , expect swarms of eyes in the sky to be used for everything from tracking bush fires to transport , resource identification and law enforcement . Read more : Can you succeed with a toxic rep Read more : Mapping the sharing economy	Disruptive trends will rock the foundations of the most important industries Virtual reality and wearable technology will make fantasy real Star trek-style molecular analysis will go mainstream Private finance and credit card security shake up business practices
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani officials have detained a 10th person in connection with the investigation into the failed May 1 car bombing of New York 's Times Square , a Pakistani intelligence source told CNN Tuesday . The intelligence source , who asked not to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media , identified the man as Shoaib Mughal . He is suspected of having served as an intermediary between the bombing suspect , Faisal Shahzad , and the Pakistani Taliban , the source said . Mughal 's uncle , who also asked not to be identified , told CNN that Mughal , who is married , owns and operates a computer parts store in Islamabad . The uncle said six men dressed in civilian clothing detained Mughal , who has never been outside Pakistan , at his shop on May 6 . In addition , a Pakistani intelligence source told CNN that detainee Muhammad Shahid Hussain was a friend of Faisal Shahzad when the bombing suspect was studying in the United States . The two men met frequently last year , when Shahzad returned to Pakistan , the source said . Hussain 's brother , Muhammad Khalid , told CNN that Hussain traveled to the United States in 2000 to participate in an MBA program and remained there until 2004 . Hussain 's brother and father , Muhammad Ramzan , have denied he has any links to terrorist groups or the attempted bombing in Times Square . The intelligence official added that another suspect , Major Adnan , resigned from the Pakistani Army last year . The official said Adnan contacted Shahzad by e-mail at least once but the official did not disclose when the e-mail was sent or what it contained . This month , a senior administration official said Shahzad , a Pakistani-American , was looking for help from the Pakistani Taliban in carrying out a bomb attack during his last visit to Pakistan . "  The question is : Did he go there looking for help or did he fall in their lap ? It seems the former . It appears he went seeking help for this attack , " the official said . "  He had an attack in mind when he went there . " The official spoke on the condition of anonymity because this person was n't allowed to speak publicly about the investigation . Top advisers to President Barack Obama said early this month that Shahzad worked with the Taliban movement in Pakistan . "  The evidence that we have now developed shows the Pakistani Taliban directed this plot , " Attorney General Eric Holder told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on May 9 . John Brennan , assistant to the president for counterterrorism and homeland security , told CNN that the Pakistani Taliban -- also known as Tehrik-e-Taliban , or TTP -- is "  closely allied with al Qaeda . " Shahzad was arrested while trying to fly out of New York on May 3 , two days after federal authorities say he left a vehicle filled with explosive materials in Manhattan 's Times Square . The makeshift bomb failed to detonate . Shahzad had traveled to Pakistan several times in recent years , Brennan said . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Nasir Habib contributed to this story .	Pakistani officials detain 10th person accused of link to bomb plot Shoaib Mughal was intermediary for bombing suspect , official says Mughal owns and operates a computer parts store in Islamabad , his uncle says Uncle says Mughal has never been outside Pakistan
Since Roger Goodell took over as NFL commissioner in September 2006 , he 's had his hands full . The current domestic violence case involving former Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice is just the latest in a long list of controversies that have punctuated his reign atop the country 's most profitable sports league . Here are some that have attracted the biggest headlines : Michael Vick 's dog fighting arrest Allegations of Vick 's participation in dog fighting activities began to swirl in April 2007 . Within three months , the Atlanta Falcons quarterback and three associates were indicted in federal court . By the end of August , Vick reached a plea agreement with federal prosecutors on one charge of conspiracy involving illegal dog fighting . Vick admitted participating in killing dogs and operating a business enterprise that involved illegal gambling . Goodell notified Vick that he was suspended from the National Football League indefinitely , without pay . Vick served 20 months for the conviction . In 2009 , Goodell reinstated Vick to the league on a conditional basis . In 2011 , he signed a six-year , $ 100 million contract with the Philadelphia Eagles , making Vick one of the highest earning players in the NFL . Vick is now a backup quarterback for the New York Jets . Plaxico Buress ' nightclub incident The former New York Giants wide receiver accidentally shot himself in the leg with a .40 - caliber semiautomatic pistol he was carrying in his waistband . The incident happened November 2008 , in the VIP area of the Latin Quarter nightclub in Manhattan . Buress served 20 months on a weapons charge . The NFL 's punishment was much less severe . Goodell give him a four-game suspension . The Giants later released him . Ben Roethlisberger 's sex assault accusations The longtime Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback has been accused for sexual assault twice -- one in Nevada in 2009 and in Georgia in 2010 . No criminal charges were ever filed . But Goodell decided that "  Big Ben " violated the NFL 's personal conduct policy and suspended him for the first four games of the 2010 season . "  You do n't have to be convicted of a crime , " Goodell said . "  You will be held accountable to that standard , and we expect them to meet that . " New Orleans ' "  bountygate " scandal The NFL said that from 2009-11 Saints players "  pledged significant amounts of their own money toward bounties " for injuring or knocking opposing players out of the game . That payout amount doubled and tripled for playoff games , the league said . League punishment was steep . Saints coach Sean Payton was suspended for the 2012 season , while the NFL levied an indefinite suspension on former Saints defensive coordinator Gregg Williams , who was accused of masterminding the bonus program . Four players were suspended , although some of their terms were reduced and some were cleared . "  It is the obligation of everyone , including the players on the field , to ensure that rules designed to promote player safety , fair play , and the integrity of the game are adhered to and effectively and consistently enforced , " Goodell said . The concussion lawsuits In August 2007 , the NFL formalized new concussion guidelines . The House Judiciary Committee held hearings on the matter in 2009 and 2010 . Goodell defends the League 's policy regarding concussions . "  Decisions regarding treatment of players with concussions and when they can resume play must be made by doctors and doctors alone , " Goodell said . "  We are changing the culture of our game for the better . " Goodell also touted improved medical and retirement benefits for retirees . In August 2013 , the NFL and ex-players reached a deal in the class action lawsuit that called for the NFL to pay $ 765 million to fund medical exams , concussion-related compensation , medical research for retired NFL players and their families . The agreement still needs to be approved by the judge assigned to the case , which has grown to include more than 4,500 plaintiffs . In January , the NFL proposed a $ 760 million settlement that Goodell was confident a federal judge would approve . But she did n't , saying she did n't think it was enough money . In May of this year , several former NFL players sued the NFL over concussions , claiming the NFL knew for years of the link between concussions and long-term health problems . Ray Rice and domestic abuse The Ray Rice case puts Goodell and the NFL in an especially harsh spotlight . Not just because it involves domestic abuse , but because the punishment often pales in comparison to suspensions Goodell has handed out for drug and alcohol offenses . Critics say the discrepancy sends a message that slapping around your wife , girlfriend or date is n't as big of a deal to the league as drug or alcohol use and abuse . In the Rice case , a security camera video that showed former Ravens running back knocking out his now-wife on a casino elevator has touched a nerve . Not only for the violence , but for how the league handled it . Goodell levied a mere two-game guspension , based on an initial video that showed Rice dragging an unconscious Janay Palmer off an Atlantic City casino elevator . The suspension became indefinite when a second video obtained by TMZ showed Rice throwing the punch that knocked her out . The Ravens kicked him off the team Monday . Bowing to the criticism , the NFL announced late Wednesday that former FBI Director Robert Mueller will lead an independent inquiry into the league 's investigation and how it gathered evidence in the case . The new domestic violence policy Unlike the other controversies that have faded over time , the scrutiny over Rice incident appears to only grow more intense . Twelve Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee have sent a letter to Goodell demanding "  the highest level of transparency " concerning the investigation of the Rice incident . On the other side of Capitol Hill , 16 female U.S. Senators have also sent a letter to Goodell a letter . In it , they say they are "  shocked and disgusted " by the elevator video and want the NFL to have a "  real zero tolerance policy . " Goodell recently announced a new domestic violence policy that will dole out six-game suspensions for a first-time offense , and a lifetime ban for a second one . The league is also under fire from the National Organization for Women . "  We are insisting that Roger Goodell must resign and we want a truly independent investigator with full authority and full power to do a top-to-bottom review of all the domestic violence , sexual assault , dating violence and stalking incidents within the NFL community , " said Terry O'Neill , the group 's president . So far , no team owner has spoken out against Goodell , and it 's their call on whether the NFL commissioner keeps his job . Asked in a CBS interview if he felt his job was on the line , Goodell said , "  No . " "  I 'm used to criticism . I 'm used to that , " Goodell said . "  Every day I have to earn my stripes . "	Controversies have peppered Roger Goodell 's career as NFL commissioner Past controversies : Michael Vick , Ben Roethlisberger and concussion lawsuits Robert Mueller to lead inquest into how NFL handled its investigation into Rice case National Organization for Women wants Goodell to resign
CNN  -- China 's President Hu Jintao called Tuesday for a "  prosperous and harmonious " Xinjiang province during his first visit to the country 's western Uyghur region since last month 's deadly riots , state-run media reported . President Hu Jintao said Xinjiang 's development will be "  better and faster . " "  The key to our work in Xinjiang is to properly handle development and stability , " said Hu . Hu , calling for reform , development , ethnic unity and stability in the region , expressed gratitude to the armed forces , militia and police for their work in quelling the July 5 ethnic riots in Urumqi , the capital of China 's remote northwestern Xinjiang Autonomous Region , Xinhua news agency said . The riots were between Uyghurs , who are predominantly Muslim , and ethnic Han Chinese , the majority group in China . Reports of deaths range from around 200 to many more . Hu , who is also general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission , said Xinjiang must focus on economic development , maintaining social stability , and promoting ethnic unity and common prosperity . During a tour that began Saturday and ended Tuesday , Hu visited villages , farms , communities , factories and barracks in the largely Uyghur area of Aksu ; Changji , a land port between China and Central Asian nations ; Karamay , an oil base ; Shihezi , the headquarters of the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps ; and the regional capital of Urumqi . Hu met with military personnel , hospital workers , local officials and religious leaders and with the widow of a policeman who was killed July 5 by rioters in Urumqi . He promised her family members government help if they should need it . Hu told villagers and herders that ethnic minorities would be supported through "  more efficient measures . " "  In the future , Xinjiang 's development will be better and faster , " he said , according to state-run CCTV . "  The improvement of people 's lives will be even more remarkable ; let 's work together to create an even better future . " He said the central government "  attaches great importance to the well-being of ethnic groups " and called the riots "  a serious criminal act masterminded by separatist forces at home and abroad . " Hu added that all separatist forces are doomed to failure , and said the central government would support social and ethnic development , CCTV reported . Reports on Monday from state-run China Daily said that more than 200 people charged in connection with the riots could be tried this week . Problems in the region began in late June , after two Uyghur migrant workers at a toy factory in Guangdong province were killed in a brawl between Uyghurs and Han . Uyghurs protested in Urumqi , hundreds of miles from the toy factory . Uyghurs and Han reportedly attacked each other .	Hu Jintao makes first visit to country 's western Uyghur region since last month 's riots Hu calls for reform , development , ethnic unity and stability in Xinjiang region Problems began in June , after Uyghur workers killed in brawl between Uyghurs , Han China 's state media says over 200 people charged over riots could be tried this week
This story is the third in a series focusing on the FBI as the agency hits the 100-year mark . Lucky Luciano organized the U.S. mob into a commission overseen by New York 's five families . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Teflon Don is dead and gone . The Mustache Petes of the Mafia 's old guard are mostly behind bars . And the crime rackets have gone global . Think La Cosa Nostra is just a quaint throwback , the stuff of gangster movies ? Fuggedaboudit . Although the Mafia may not be as strong as it once was , FBI agents say organized crime is far from dead . Not only is the traditional mob still at it , but new organized crime groups also are vying for a piece of the action . Weakened by two decades of prosecutions , the traditional Italian crime organizations plug away at what they know best : labor racketeering , infiltrating unions and construction industries , gambling and loan sharking . "  What you see in the movies about honor and code is a fallacy . That does n't exist . It 's completely about the money , " said Mike Gaeta , a veteran agent who heads the FBI squad in charge of investigating the Genovese family . "  As the economy evolves , they evolve . " Watch how the FBI 's tactics have changed over the years " The scams are growing in sophistication , focusing more than ever on the big money . Everyone pays the price , according to Gaeta . "  There is a mob tax placed on everything from your garbage collection , food delivery , the rent that you pay , " he said . "  I do n't know what the percentage is , but there is a premium that you pay because of the control that organized crime has on labor unions and on the contractors who are engaged in those job sites . " There are more than 3,000 Mafia members and associates in the U.S. , the FBI estimates on its Web site . The presence is most pronounced around New York , southern New Jersey and Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . The FBI has about 100 agents and 11 squads investigating mob activities at the New York hub . The FBI touts its success against New York 's five major Mafia families -- Gambino , Genovese , Bonanno , Colombo and Lucchese -- as one of the bureau 's biggest accomplishments in its 100-year history . Major arrests and convictions in the 1980s and 1990s crippled the mob . If they did n't get whacked first , the top dogs of the five families faced multiple prosecutions and long prison terms . Among the big names to take the perp walk as a result : John Gotti , Vincent Gigante and Joseph Massino . Learn more about mob bosses " The federal racketeering law passed in 1970 known as the Racketeer-Influenced Corrupt Organization Act , or RICO , allowed agents to build stronger cases and secure stiffer sentences . It was added to the bureau 's traditional crime-fighting arsenal of wiretaps , physical surveillance of targets and undercover agents . As the years rolled by , the FBI benefited from "  flipping " mob insiders like Massino , who , facing life sentences for RICO convictions , decided to violate the Mafia 's code of silence -- omerta . Massino talked to avoid the death penalty for murder , becoming the Mafia 's highest-ranking turncoat , and is now serving a life sentence . Seamus McElearney , who spearheads FBI investigations against the Colombo crime family , has persuaded several mobsters to turn informant , and one case sticks out in his mind . "  This individual was able to realize that he 'd be going away for the rest of his life , and like anything in life , you build a rapport with someone , and you have to get over that trust factor . And he started to trust me and realize this was his best option , " McElearney said , describing what it takes to persuade a witness to switch sides . The FBI also uses forensic accounting and other sophisticated tools to penetrate the mob . "  Looking at these guys from a financial point of view , because that 's one of the best ways to hurt them is in the pocketbook ... ultimately led to the devastation of the family , " said Supervisory Special Agent Nora Conley , who investigates the Bonanno family . The mob adapted to investigations and convictions as layer upon layer of wiseguys-in-waiting stepped up . The Italians may still control the lion 's share of illegal organized crime activity , but competitors are vying for a piece of the action . Law enforcement officials say Asians , Russians and Albanians have established their own crime organizations in the United States . These groups are smaller and more disorganized than their Italian counterparts but pose their own danger . Kevin Hallinan , an FBI supervisor who has worked organized crime for 18 years , said that groups of Chinese , Korean and Vietnamese nationals , for example , are heavily involved in immigrant-smuggling , gambling , prostitution , counterfeiting and extortion of legitimate businesses as well as other crimes . "  Drugs are a serious problem , " Hallinan said . "  It 's quick money . They have known transportation routes . A lot of the folks have international connections and know people at the ports , at the airports , and can get the drugs here . " He continued , "  the big challenge for Asian organized crime and Albanian organized crime is having the finances to pay for a load of heroin , to pay for a load of cocaine , and then have the facilitator get it into the country , and then have the means of distribution , which the Italians have had in the past . " Russian and Albanian groups "  are more like criminal enterprises than organized crime , " observes agent Dennis Bolles , who heads the squad investigating them . "  Whether it is insurance fraud , bank fraud , identity theft , Medicaid fraud , securities fraud , mortgage fraud -LSB- or -RSB- multimillion-dollar scams , the Russians are very sophisticated , " Bolles said . "  They are very educated people . Some are former KGB . Some are former government officials -- masters degrees , PhDs -- and now they find themselves in the U.S. , and they are using those brains to commit scams . " The FBI learned the hard way that foot-dragging on organized crime investigations can be costly . In the 1930s , as Genovese family leader Lucky Luciano rose to power and brought the five families into a unified commission , FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover resisted going after the mob . His inaction allowed the Mafia to become fully entrenched into American society and business . Watch how Hoover dropped the ball " It was n't until the 1950s that the Mafia became a law enforcement priority . Sen. Estes Kefauver led congressional hearings on organized crime in May 1950 , and the 1963 congressional testimony of Mafia turncoat Joseph Valachi brought attention to a problem that long had been ignored . "  From there , the program skyrocketed and became a very material priority for the FBI as criminal programs , " Assistant FBI Director Mark Mershon said . FBI officials credit that effort and the intelligence-gathering skills learned in mob investigations for giving today 's agents a foundation for future investigations , including of terrorists . "  You have to understand who are the players , who are the leaders , how are they financed , how do they recruit , how do they handle their memberships , " FBI Director Robert Mueller recently said as the bureau approached the 100-year mark . CNN 's Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	Mafia became entrenched because FBI chief J. Edgar Hoover ignored it in 1930s 1970 RICO statute , prosecutions weakened the mob in past two decades Other organized crime groups spring up , but lack the Mafia 's structure Agents say old ways are gone , new breed seeks bigger scores
London  CNN  -- Global media tycoon Rupert Murdoch is "  not a fit person " to run a major international company , British lawmakers investigating phone hacking at his tabloid News of the World reported Tuesday . The ruling could prompt British regulators to force him to sell his controlling stake in British Sky Broadcasting , a significant part of his media empire . The damning report accused Murdoch and his son James of showing "  willful blindness " to phone hacking at News of the World , and said the newspaper "  deliberately tried to thwart the police investigation " into the illegal activity . The paper 's publisher , News Corp. subsidiary News International , "  wished to buy silence in this affair and pay to make the problem go away , " the Parliament 's Culture , Media and Sport Committee found . Ofcom , the British media regulator that could force Murdoch out of BSkyB , said it was "  reading with interest " the report from Parliament . The agency noted that it "  has a duty under the Broadcasting Acts of 1990 and 1996 to be satisfied that any person holding a broadcasting license is , and remains , fit and proper to do so . " News Corp. , which Rupert Murdoch leads as chairman and chief executive , accepted responsibility for some failings Tuesday but pushed back against some of the more critical remarks made by lawmakers . "  Hard truths have emerged from the Select Committee Report : that there was serious wrongdoing at the News of the World ; that our response to the wrongdoing was too slow and too defensive ; and that some of our employees misled the Select Committee in 2009 , " it said in a statement . However , remarks made by some lawmakers after the report was issued on Tuesday were "  unjustified and highly partisan , " it said . News Corp. said it had already acted on many of the failings highlighted in the report , had brought in new internal controls and is supporting police investigations into alleged wrongdoing . Allegations of widespread illegal eavesdropping by Murdoch journalists in search of stories have shaken the media baron 's News Corp. empire and the British political establishment , up to and including Prime Minister David Cameron . Police have arrested dozens of people as part of investigations into phone hacking , e-mail hacking and police bribery , while two parliamentary committees and an independent inquiry led by Lord Justice Brian Leveson are probing the scandal . Testifying last week before the Leveson Inquiry , Rupert Murdoch admitted that there had been a "  cover-up " of phone hacking at News of the World , which ceased publication last July . But Murdoch , who owns the Sun and the Times in London , as well as controlling The Wall Street Journal , New York Post and Fox News , said his News Corp. had been a victim of the cover-up , not the perpetrator . "  Someone took charge of a cover-up , which we were victim to and I regret , " he said Thursday at the Leveson Inquiry . He apologized for not having paid more attention to the scandal , which he called "  a serious blot on my reputation . " Tuesday 's report by the Culture , Media and Sport Committee is based , in part , on earlier testimony by Rupert and James Murdoch . John Whittingdale , the chairman of the committee , said Tuesday that , while there is "  no definitive evidence to prove whether or not James Murdoch was aware of ... evidence which indicated that phone hacking was widespread , the committee was nevertheless astonished that he did not seek to see the evidence . " Tom Watson , the Labour lawmaker who has long been one of the fiercest critics of Murdoch , was blistering in a news conference announcing the parliamentary findings . "  These people corrupted our country , " he said . "  They have brought shame on our police force and our Parliament . They lied and cheated -- blackmailed and bullied and we should all be ashamed when we think how we cowered before them for so long . " But Louise Mensch , a Conservative member of Parliament who is on the committee with Whittingdale and Watson , said the report had gone too far . She was one of the four Conservative MPs who dissented from the amendment to the report finding that Murdoch was not a fit person to run a company . She called the amendment "  faintly ridiculous , " given Murdoch 's decades in the business , and accused the Labour members of the committee of pushing through a "  nakedly political " statement . "  The amendments were so far out of left field they made a mockery of the whole thing , " she said . The section declaring Murdoch "  not fit " passed by a vote of 6 to 4 , with support from Labour and Liberal Democrat lawmakers , over opposition from Conservatives . Committee chairman Whittingdale , a Conservative , did not vote . The report did not accuse either Murdoch of misleading Parliament , but said three of their underlings had done so in testimony to the committee . Longtime Murdoch right-hand man Les Hinton was criticized , as were Colin Myler , the last editor of News of the World , and Tom Crone , who was the paper 's lawyer for decades . Myler and Crone "  gave repeated assurances that there was no evidence that any further News of the World employee , beyond Clive Goodman , had been involved in phone-hacking , " the report says . "  This was not true and , as further evidence disclosed to us by the newspaper 's solicitors Farrer & Co now shows , they would have known this was untrue when they made those statements . Both Tom Crone and Colin Myler deliberately avoided disclosing crucial information to the Committee and , when asked to do , answered questions falsely . " Mensch noted that Myler , the editor of the New York Daily News , "  has misled a select committee of Parliament . I would hope that a little bit of attention would be paid to the unanimous findings of the committee where named individuals misled Parliament . " In a statement , Myler said he stood by the evidence that he gave the committee . "  The conclusions of the Committee have , perhaps inevitably , been affected by the fragmented picture which has emerged from the various witnesses over successive appearances and by the constraints within which the Committee had to conduct its procedure , " he said . "  These issues remain the subject of a police investigation and the Leveson judicial inquiry and I have every confidence that they will establish the truth in the fullness of time . " The full House of Commons will have to rule on whether the three committed contempt by misleading the committee , "  and , if so , what punishment should be imposed , " the report says . "  It is effectively lying to Parliament , " Whittingdale said . "  Parliament at the end of the day is the supreme court of the land . It is a very serious matter . " BSkyB shares were up slightly in London on the news . Shares in News Corp. , which is traded in New York , closed Tuesday up 2.64 % . In a statement to News Corp. 's 50,000 employees , Rupert Murdoch said the report "  affords us a unique opportunity to reflect upon the mistakes we have made and further the course we have already completed to correct them . " He said that it was difficult for him to read many of its findings , "  but we have done the most difficult part , which has been to take a long , hard and honest look at our past mistakes . " He continued , "  We certainly should have acted more quickly and aggressively to uncover wrongdoing . We deeply regret what took place and have taken our share of responsibility for not rectifying the situation sooner . " He said News Corp. officials "  have gone beyond what law enforcement authorities have asked of us , to ensure not only that we are in compliance with the law , but that we adhere to the highest ethical standards . " Rupert Murdoch said last week that if he had known the depth of the problem in 2007 , when a private investigator and a Murdoch journalist were sent to prison for phone hacking , he "  would have torn the place apart and we would n't be here today . " But he also suggested last week that key parts of the scandal have been overblown . "  The hacking scandal was not a great national thing until the Milly Dowler disclosure , half of which has been somewhat disowned by the police , " Murdoch said . He was referring to the revelation that people working for him had hacked into the voice mail of a missing 13-year-old who later turned out to have been murdered . The Guardian newspaper originally reported that the hackers had also deleted some of the voice mails left for the girl , leading to false hopes that she was still alive and deleting them herself . In fact , the messages may have expired automatically . Murdoch was also grilled over his media empire 's back-channel lobbying of the British government and said he learned of the existence of one of the key lobbyists only "  a few months ago . " He said he was "  surprised " by the extent of the contact by the employee , Fred Michel , with the British government as it considered a bid by News Corp. to take full ownership of British Sky Broadcasting . That bid collapsed because of the phone-hacking scandal . The scandal has also forced News Corp. to pay hundreds of thousands of pounds in compensation to the victims of phone hacking . Murdoch and his son James have been hammered over the past year about what they knew about phone hacking by people working for them . They have always denied knowing about the scale of the practice , which police say could have affected thousands of people , ranging from celebrities and politicians to crime victims and war veterans . CNN 's Alex Mohacs , Alexander Felton Erin McLaughlin , Elaine Ly and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We deeply regret what took place , " Rupert Murdoch says British media regulators are studying the findings "  with interest " Lawmakers : Murdoch not fit "  to exercise the stewardship of a major international company " News International "  wished to buy silence " over phone hacking , the report says
Spice , bath salts , herbal incense . They sound like something you might find on the fragrance aisle at Target , but these are actually dangerous drugs masked as harmless fragrances , sold in convenience stores and online . Innocent names such as Mr. Smiley hide the dangers . No one really knows what 's in these so-called synthetic drugs . Manufacturers play a dangerous cat-and-mouse game with law enforcement by constantly changing the chemical compounds of the drugs to circumvent existing laws . Teen recovers after smoking synthetic pot Last week , Colorado health authorities announced that they -- along with the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -- are investigating a rash of hospitalizations and three deaths believed to be the result of smoking synthetic marijuana . And real marijuana is legal in Colorado . CNN 's Drew Griffin , who got exclusive access to a federal sweep of synthetic drugs earlier this year , spoke to John Scherbenske , a Drug Enforcement Administration official who oversees its Synthetic Drugs and Chemicals section . Scherbenske helped shed light on these manufactured drugs and why the DEA has stepped up its attempts to target those who sell these drugs and raise awareness about the dangers . Here 's what you need to know : What exactly are synthetic drugs ? There is no exact definition , because the term is used to describe a wide range of chemical products that are ever-changing . Synthetic marijuana and "  bath salts " are the most common of these drugs , which are often sold as incense or plant food . Unlike drugs such as marijuana and cocaine , these drugs do not come from plants ; they are manmade . Synthetic marijuana consists of drug chemicals that are sprayed on plant materials and sometimes marketed as potpourri . While methamphetamine and MDMA -- also known as "  ecstasy " or "  molly " -- are technically synthetic drugs because they are made entirely from chemicals , the term "  synthetic drugs " usually refers to bath salts and synthetic marijuana that are often sold in stores and online as household items . When did they start appearing in the United States and who 's using them ? These drugs first appeared in the United States around 2009 , according to Scherbenske , and they have since exploded in popularity , particularly among teenagers . "  The biggest user population of these drugs are 12 - to 17-year-olds , " Scherbenske said . He believes they are popular among younger folks "  because they are easily accessible , " whether it 's in a convenience store , a smoke shop or online . Social media-savvy teens use the Internet to spread the word about where to find these drugs to -- as Scherbenske explains -- "  discuss the effects these substances had on their body . " What 's the point of making synthetic drugs ? Well , synthetic drugs makers have easy access to customers by marketing these drugs as harmless household items . So they make lots of money . "  It is very profitable business , " said Scherbenske . "  There have been multimillion dollar seizure -- cash seizure with these people that are selling these drugs . " Are these drugs legal ? It 's a tricky question because the laws can not keep up with the variety of chemical compounds . The federal government and at least 38 states have taken steps to ban the substances . But , as soon as one compound is banned , the molecular structure of the synthetic product is altered and that "  changes the whole structure of the drug , so the drug becomes legal and we 're at it again , " James Capra , DEA chief of operations , said at a news conference in June , according to Time magazine . Retailers are also skirting the law by labeling the drugs as "  not for human consumption , " according to the DEA 's Scherbenske . "  It 's a cat-and-mouse game that these retailers are using , " he said . "  There is an underground market that know exactly how to abuse that product to get high . " Everyone knows that drugs are harmful . So what 's the big deal about these ? Most drug manufacturers aim to refine their drug for purity , to increase the street value and their profit margin . But with synthetic drugs , the manufacturers ' main goal is to alter the chemical compound to stay one step ahead of the law . "  The U.S. has encountered over 200 new substances over the past four years , " Scherbenske explained . "  Our chemists are finding multiple drugs , multiple compounds when we make purchases of these drugs . " And that means there 's no standard when it comes to these drugs . "  When we buy these substances and send them to the lab , they could have one compound in it , or they could have five separate compounds . " The combination of those compounds and their reactions "  is very scary , " Scherbenske said . "  We do not know the long term effect that it will have on a person 's body . " Emily Bauer went from being a normal 16-year-old to nearly dying after trying a form of synthetic marijuana packaged as "  potpourri " that she bought with her friends at a gas station . Her family believes the drug is what caused her to have several strokes , which have limited her physical and mental abilities . Synthetic drugs also have "  unpredictable effects on human behavior , " according to Dr. Paul Adams , who works in an emergency room in Miami . "  This is a terrible drug because it takes a combination of methamphetamine , and the paranoia and the aggressiveness , and LSD , the hallucinations , and PCP , the extreme paranoia that you get ,  and  combines it into one , " Adams explained . Police in Panama City , Florida , reported two violent incidents linked to use of bath salts in 2011 . In one , a woman allegedly tried to behead her 71-year-old mother ; in the second , a man on bath salts used his teeth to tear up the back seat of a patrol car . That 's particularly troublesome when some retailers are marketing synthetic drugs as a safer , legal alternative . Who is making this stuff ? Most of the chemicals that are used to make these synthetic drugs are coming directly from China , according to the DEA 's John Scherbenske . "  They ship the bulk product here in the United States , where we have individuals that will take that product and package it for retail distribution , " he explained . According to a recent article in Time magazine , the drugs come mostly from "  suburban laboratories around Chinese port cities ... from where they can be easily shipped to Europe or North America using regular international courier services . " They 're also available in larger quantities and sold over the Internet as "  research chemicals , " according to Time . The DEA is "  in dialogue " with China about the problem , Scherbenske said , without offering specifics . "  We are also in dialogue and conversation with our international counterparts experiencing the same issues that we are in this designer drug problem , " he said . "  That is one of the ways to fight this problem is through demand reduction and the education of the people who are using these products . " So who 's selling it here in the U.S. ? Scherbenske says people are starting their own businesses to sell these drugs once they see the profit potential . "  And they are starting to become organized , " he added . "  Is it organized crime ? Not at this point , but they are figuring out ways to work around our laws . They are making millions of dollars figuring out how to launder that money . We do n't even know if they are paying taxes on this money . " These retailers have even taken the feds to court to protect their business : four stores sued the DEA in 2011 , claiming the federal agency was "  impeding their business , " Scherbenske said . "  We do n't have a problem with people selling legitimate items . But when you are selling basic rat poison to our children , we do take issue with that . "	Synthetic drugs are often sold as harmless fragrances or household items The DEA has stepped up its attempts to target those who sell these drugs The CDC is investigating dozens of illnesses and 3 deaths possibly linked to fake pot
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British Airways has agreed to buy L'Avion , the French all-business class carrier and plans to integrate the airline into its recently launched subsidiary , OpenSkies . L'Avion was launched in January 2009 and employs 77 staff in Paris . The $ 108 million  # 54 million  deal marks the departure of the last stand-alone all-business airline following the demise of MAXJet , Eos and Silverjet over the last six months . OpenSkies , launched on June 19 between Paris Orly and New York JFK , already operated a codeshare agreement with L'Avion that flies out of Orly to Newark , New York . Following integration , OpenSkies will increase the frequency of its Orly-JFK service to three daily flights . OpenSkies currently operates one Boeing 757 with 24 flat-bed berths in business class , 28 seats in premium economy and 30 in economy . L'Avion , launched in January 2007 , flies two Boeing 757s with 90 business-class seats . BA is yet to decide whether L'Avion planes will be changed to a three-class layout . "  L'Avion is a successful airline that has built up a premium business between Orly and New York in a relatively short period of time , " said British Airways ' chief executive , Willie Walsh in a statement . "  It has many synergies with OpenSkies and buying it provides OpenSkies with a larger schedule and an established customer base in the Paris-New York market . " Christophe Bejach , co-founder and chairman of L'Avion , said he was happy with the deal . "  This transaction will strengthen our current base and enable the combined airline to grow faster and stronger . " Completion of the deal is expected this month and , if approved , full integration will take place in early 2009 .	British Airways has bought French all-business carrier L'Avion for # 54 million The airline will be integrated into its E.U.-U.S. OpenSkies subsidiary If approved , full integration is expected in early 2009
Marmaris , Turkey  CNN  -- For more than a year , experts have been at work in a quiet cove on the Aegean Sea , teaching a pair of male bottlenose dolphins how to catch their own food . Every day , the team releases dozens of live fish into giant sea pen where the dolphins named Tom and Misha live . The two males then race around the pen , diving , darting and somersaulting down to depths of 45 feet in pursuit of their frightened prey . Like a proud father , trainer Jeff Foster watches from the narrow dock that encircles the pen . Not long ago , he said , Tom and Misha had no idea what to do with live fish . "  We had literally thousands of fish in the pen , and they just would n't look at them , " Foster said . "  They had just been so used to being hand-fed in a captive situation that they did not recognize fish as a food source . " When Foster first met the dolphins more than a year ago , he said they would only eat if humans placed dead fish directly in their mouths . If fish was thrown into the pen , it would go untouched and end up rotting at the bottom of the sea pen . Tom and Misha are part of the Back to the Blue project , an expensive , risky and somewhat controversial experiment to reintroduce captive animals into the wild . "  It would be like taking your dog and releasing it into the woods , " Foster said . "  If you do n't prepare your dog for that , it would never happen . " Foster , a Seattle-based expert on marine mammals , had experience with another high-profile release program that ultimately ended in failure . More than 10 years ago , he worked in Iceland as part of a multimillion-dollar effort to prepare the killer whale Keiko from the 1993 movie "  Free Willy " for release into the wild . Less than a year after his release , Keiko died off Norway . But Foster said he believes Tom and Misha stand a much better chance of survival . "  These animals have n't been in captivity as long as Keiko , " he said . "  Keiko was held in captivity for more than 20 years . He was held as a solitary animal for many of those years . " The two dolphins , who are both about 12 years old , have been in captivity for five or six years , he said . "  They 've probably spent the majority of their life out in the wild , " Foster said . "  Because we 're dealing with two males , you can develop competition feeding with them . ... They 're ideal candidates for reintroduction back into the wild . " Tom and Misha first attracted the attention of wildlife conservation activists in 2010 . At the time , they were kept at a Turkish resort , where tourists paid to swim with the dolphins in a shallow , filthy swimming pool . "  The pool in Hisaronu , Turkey , where Tom and Misha had spent the summer months of 2010 had such a high bacterial count ... that it was a significant health hazard to the dolphins and for the unsuspecting tourists who paid to swim with them , " Shirley Galligan , a representative of the Born Free Foundation , wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  The water was filthy with feces and dead fish and a layer of ` sludge ' at the bottom . " According to Born Free , a nonprofit conservation group based in the United Kingdom , the dolphins were underweight and listless and would not have survived much longer in the pool , which "  having been hastily constructed , was in danger of collapse from subsidence . " A coalition of environmental groups successfully campaigned to rescue the animals and transport them in the back of a truck to a sea pen in the Aegean . Born Free has taken over the costly and time-consuming program to rehabilitate Tom and Misha . So far , the effort has cost $ 800,000 . Both dolphins are expected to be released within a matter of days . Born Free is keeping the exact time and location of their release secret to protect the animals from curious human visitors , excessive boat traffic and the threat of poachers . Tom and Misha 's progress will be monitored with specially designed satellite tracking devices that will be pinned to their dorsal fins . Even the sponsors of the program admit there is no guarantee of success . "  There have only been a handful of reintroduction  programs  with mixed results , " Galligan wrote . "  Returning any captive wild animal to the wild is never without risk . " One of the only successful cetacean reintroductions on record involved an orphaned female orca named Springer . Foster was a member of the team that helped rehabilitate the emaciated animal and eventually reintroduce her to a pod of related killer whales off Canada 's Pacific coast a decade ago . She has reportedly survived and thrived in those waters . Michael Moore , a marine mammal expert at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution , predicted major challenges for Tom and Misha in the weeks and months ahead . "  Can they break the bond with humans , and can they create a bond with other  wild  dolphins ? " he asked in a phone interview with CNN . "  The irony is that if these animals do get released into the wild , it 's a big , bad world out there , and they will have to learn how not to get entangled in fishing gear . " According to Moore , Tom and Misha 's release will have virtually no impact on the world 's wild dolphin population , which faces an onslaught from industrial fishing nets , decimated fish stocks and polluted seas . But he and other dolphin experts say successful reintroduction could both increase biodiversity awareness in Turkey and set an important example for the multimillion-dollar captive marine mammal entertainment industry . There has been a rapid increase in the number of dolphinariums and "  swim-with-dolphin " programs cropping up across Turkey over the last decade . "  Turkey , being a very popular and beautiful holiday destination , is sadly responding to the public demand for that ` dolphin experience ' by providing more captive dolphin facilities than anywhere else in Europe , " Born Free 's Galligan wrote . "  Conditions in general are very poor . " Foster said he hopes Turkey will start implementing some regulations for its marine mammal facilities "  because there really are n't standards right now . " One fear is that Tom and Misha , who enjoy being rubbed down and handled by their trainers , could be captured by poachers hoping to sell the valuable animals to dolphin parks . Despite the risks , perhaps one of the great assets shared by the two dolphins is their adaptability . "  They are not lions and tigers , " said Moore of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution . "  They 're fundamentally more plastic and more adaptable . " Proof of this adaptability is on display nearly every day in the congested and polluted waters of the Bosphorus Strait , which courses through the center of Istanbul . A vibrant pod of dozens of wild bottlenose dolphins feeds here , dodging the constant traffic of oil tankers , cargo ships , ferryboats , fishing boats and yachts . Occasionally , the animals can be seen leaping and surfing off the bows of enormous tanker ships . Misha and Tom are to be released in much less hazardous waters hundreds of miles from Istanbul . But even their "  coach " does n't know how they will fare in the days ahead . "  We just really do n't know how they 're going to respond , " Foster said , stroking Tom 's glistening hide after the 600-pound animal obediently lept onto a floating dock at his trainers ' command . Clearly , freedom will expose these dolphins to stimulation they have not encountered in years , including waterbirds , fish and female dolphins . After a wave from his trainer 's hand , Tom slipped back into the water . He issued a high-pitched call before accepting a fish as a reward . Underwater , the vocalizations of both Tom and Misha could be distinctly heard , even by the human ear . Despite years of close interaction between humans and these highly intelligent animals , scientists have not found a way to answer one fundamental question : After years in captivity , do dolphins such as Tom and Misha want to be free ?	Trainer Jeff Foster is working to release two dolphins into the wild Two years ago , the dolphins were the main attraction at a run-down Turkish tourist park Foster worked to help release Keiko , the orca from the 1993 movie "  Free Willy " Popular "  swim with dolphin " parks in Turkey are a concern to animal welfare advocates
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Amid exotic trees in a garden setting rest Hong Kong 's extraordinary and ordinary , those who died heroically in wars , ignominiously in drunken brawls , or suicide ; victims of accidents , pestilence , and pirates ; barkeepers , prostitutes , children , and luminaries whose names are today borne on street signs . It 's a far cry from the highway overpass outside the gates . Charting the 8,500 or so names and weaving their stories together into a 624-page book , "  Forgotten Souls : A Social History of the Hong Kong Cemetery , " is Patricia Lim , who spent about a decade on the project . The cemetery had only a record of graves -- which date from 1841 to 2007 -- identifying them by section but not with precise locations , while the earliest graves had no information , Lim said . A "  fanatical friend " from the UK spurred her on to the cemetery project after Lim had dedicated a chapter of her last book , "  Discovering Hong Kong 's Cultural Heritage : Hong Kong and Kowloon " to the Happy Valley cemeteries . The friend was none other than Susan Farrington who has recorded graves in the Himalayan foothills of Pakistan . She came to Hong Kong to help . When she left , Lim could n't stop . "  Since I was in it , I might as well finish , " she explained . With inscriptions as a starting point , Lim and a host of volunteers recorded each grave into a database , assigning it a section , row and number . Then she pored through now-defunct newspapers -- like The China Mail , the Friend of China , the Daily Press -- personal and travel accounts , histories and every book on Hong Kong she could get her hands on . "  It seemed such a waste of opportunity -- and stories -- not to link them , " Lim said . "  If you just go through the cemetery , plot-by-plot ... no one would have taken any interest . It seemed imperative to link , if people were going to get to know them . " Out of it emerged a social history of , if not Hong Kong , then of the cemetery whose names have included the "  Protestant Graveyard " and the "  Colonial Cemetery . " Adjacent to it are separate cemeteries for Catholics , Jews , Parsees , and Muslims , while Hindus were given land for their temple . The Chinese , on the other hand , "  were always at the bottom of the pile " despite being the majority , said Lim . "  They were n't trusted , and they were n't accorded respect of other nationalities here . " Although some 225 Chinese are buried in the Hong Kong Cemetery , Chinese did n't get their own permanent cemetery -- in Aberdeen , on the south of the island -- until 1915 , decades after other groups got theirs . Hong Kong was "  a hard , unhealthy place to live , " Lim said . "  It was a gamble . You sacrificed health for wealth . But that was maybe why they were so wealth-conscious . It was very important . You knew you were sacrificing , that you 'd probably die . " The cemetery opened at its current location in 1845 after its former spot -- just east of where the office tower Pacific Place 3 now stands -- overflowed beyond capacity . Hong Kong had become a British colony only three years earlier . Read about a floating cemetery concept Particularly prominent at the time were doctors , two of whom -- Dr. William Aurelius Harland and Dr. William Morrison -- have the cemetery 's biggest monuments and most appreciative epitaphs , according to Lim . They were among four colonial surgeons who died within a 12-year period of malarial fever in Hong Kong . Hong Kong was n't really "  happy " or a place for European women , Lim said . With a high ratio of lonely bachelors in a transient population , brothels and bars were in high demand . "  There were German taverns , English taverns , American taverns , " including Edward Thomas ' Uncle Tom 's Cabin , which opened in the 1850s after its namesake novel was published , said Lim . Thomas , a New Yorker buried in Section 9 , died at age 29 , leaving his widow to run the business . Among the 465 graves that belong to Japanese are ship crewmen , shop owners , employees of trading firms as well as prostitutes , according to Lim . One monument to Kiya Karayuki bears the signatures of 58 girls , suggesting she was either a much-loved prostitute or a brothel keeper . Also buried at the cemetery are the first to not only make their fortunes in Hong Kong but also give to it : financier and developer Sir Catchick Paul Chater , who transformed Hong Kong and Kowloon waterfronts ; Sir Kai Ho Kai , founder of the medical school that would evolve into the University of Hong Kong ; and Robert Ho Tung , who built a commercial empire . Others meanwhile died without a trace except for the inscription on their tombstones , Lim said . Old graves were difficult to read , requiring multiple trips under different light conditions . "  Some I never managed to read . " she said . There were also family members who had the same names . And then there were Chinese who went by as many as three or four names during the course of a lifetime , whether it was during school , used for family purposes or attained upon wealth . In the late 19th century , the Botanical Garden staff helped the cemetery evolve from a simple graveyard to a lush cemetery garden inspired by those in Europe , like Pere Lachaise in Paris and Glasgow 's Necropolis , according to one landscape architect . The experimentation with exotic plants helped enrich the cemetery 's landscape , turning it into a habitat for dozens of butterfly and moth species , said Ken Nicolson , who wrote "  The Happy Valley : a History and Tour of the Hong Kong Cemetery . " For Lim 's husband , Po Chye , cemeteries are for ceremonies , not for idle strolls . "  You do n't go there for recreation . " Lim , who is "  over 76 , " has had some close calls -- she once tripped , cutting her knee on a metal railing with jagged points ; another time she got locked in the cemetery after hours and had to climb out through a government building . She also once borrowed somebody 's grave to rest while suffering what a doctor later diagnosed as "  broken heart syndrome , " an incident similar to a minor heart attack . "  Not everyone is willing to do all this hard work and then put it out in the open for everyone to benefit from , " wrote David Bellis , who has listed the names , graves and inscriptions compiled by Lim on his website , Gwulo , which is dedicated to historic Hong Kong . "  The database gives the basic details , but the book adds the stories that bring the people to life , " he said . Stella Loterijman , who 's based in the UK , had been trying to find her grandfather 's first wife , Mary Constance Reilly , since 1979 . All she knew was that Reilly was born in 1869 , married Dr. Charles William Reilly and died at age 20 of dysentery , while he was on a tour of duty with the Royal Army Medical Corps in Hong Kong . Then last month , Loterijman was resuming research into her family tree when she found Mary 's information on Gwulo : "  In loving memory of Mary Constance Reilly , wife of Captain Reilly " in section 18 . In an e-mail to CNN , Loterijman described being "  thrilled and elated . " Craig Bissell also credits Lim and Gwulo for helping solve a years-long mystery over Miller Robb Dickson , the favorite brother of his Scottish grandmother , who has always said he went off to Canada to join the Hong Kong Police Force and died unexpectedly . Even so , Bissell , who lives in Toronto , Canada , could never find evidence of Dickson 's ever being in Hong Kong until it suddenly appeared on Gwulo one day . "  It was a marvelous breakthrough , " Bissell wrote , adding , "  It solved a mystery no one else seemed terribly concerned about . " Dickson 's listing identifies him as a police sergeant for the Hong Kong Police Force from Dundee , Scotland , and who died in 1928 at the age of 30 . Nicholas Belanovsky and his wife , Tatiana , are among 108 Russians buried in the cemetery . All that was known of him for decades was that he had escaped for China after the Russian Revolution , said his grandnephew , Dmitry Belanovsky , in an e-mail from Moscow . Then in 2004 , Dmitry typed "  Belanovsky " into a browser -- and to his "  amazement " discovered that Nicholas ' name appeared as an engineer for the Russian Orthodox Cathedral of the Surety of the Sinners in Shanghai during the 1930s . With the help of a Russian priest , he found the grave and subsequently learned that Nicholas ' work with the British Cigarette Company had taken the couple to Hong Kong in 1948 . He lived to the ripe old age of 88 on the second floor of a Kowloon apartment building , surviving Tatiana by nearly 30 years and leaving his entire estate to his longtime amah , or maid . Having been regarded as "  stateless " and the "  people 's enemy , " Nicholas had never gotten in touch with his family in Russia apparently fearing harm would come to them , said Dmitry . He has since posted the info on Gwulo in hopes of learning more about Nicholas Belanovsky 's life . "  It 's full of stories , this cemetery , " said Lim , who now splits time between Hong Kong and England . "  They are like old friends , yes . " For now , the Food and Environmental Hygiene Department operates the cemetery , which has yet to attain heritage status .	Patricia Lim charts 8,500 graves , weaves stories in 624-page book She pored through now-defunct newspapers , accounts , old records , histories Out of it emerges a social history of Hong Kong and the cemetery Doctors were prominent , fever was high ; brothels , bars very popular
CNN  -- Australian authorities on Monday pleaded with hundreds of people who had chosen to remain in a town in the path of rising flood waters to vacate their homes . The level of the Balonne River in the town of St. George , in the eastern state of Queensland , swelled to 13.63 meters at lunchtime on Monday , breaking its previous record , and was expected to crest overnight above 14 meters . "  We ca n't and wo n't physically drag people out of their homes , " Bob Atkinson , the Queensland police commissioner , said . "  But we repeat the request for people to leave their homes . " Queensland has been deluged with heavy rains over the past week even as some parts of the region are still struggling to recover from devastating floods that took place about a year ago . Thirty houses in St. George have already been inundated , according to Neil Roberts , the Queensland police and emergency services minister . "  We do expect this to rise as the waters head towards their peak , " he said . The majority of St. George 's roughly 3,000 residents have left the danger area , by both bus and aircraft , Roberts said . The authorities had already been using military helicopters and a C-130 cargo plane to airlift thousands of stranded Queensland residents to safety . Hundreds of people were taking shelter in evacuation centers Monday . Rescue workers on Sunday recovered the body of a woman who died trying to drive her pickup through flood waters , the authorities said . Jane Sheahan was swept away Friday in the town of Roma . Witnesses told CNN affiliate Nine Network that Sheahan managed to hand off her 7-year-old son , Darcy , to a would-be rescuer before she was swept away . The floods have already damaged hundreds of homes in Roma and another town , Mitchell , according to Roberts . In the neighboring state of New South Wales , thousands of people remained isolated Sunday despite reports of receding floodwaters in some areas .	The Balonne River in the town of St. George reaches record level and is expected to rise further The authorities urge hundreds of residents still in the town to leave their homes Thirty houses have already been submerged in St. George The authorities have been airlifting thousands of residents to safety across Queensland
CNN  -- German driver Nick Heidfeld has replaced Pedro de la Rosa at Formula One team Sauber for the rest of the season . The 33-year-old , who drove for Sauber from 2001-03 and again from 2006-09 , will take over from the Spaniard for the next race in Singapore and the four following races . "  I 'm looking forward like crazy to having the opportunity to go racing again in a good car in Formula One from the Singapore Grand Prix onwards , " said Heidfeld in a statement on the Sauber website . "  After the last months I 'm even more motivated than ever . For me it is like coming home , as I raced for seven years in total for the team from Hinwil . " Heidfeld began the season at Mercedes as a test driver for Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg before leaving to work with tire manufacturer Pirelli . De la Rosa has been dropped after only managing to score six points so far this season . Sauber 's other driver , Japan 's Kamui Kobayashi , has 21 points . "  I am surprised by the team 's decision , but I respect it and would like to wish everyone good luck for the remainder of the season , " said De la Rosa , who vowed to continue in the sport next season . Heidfeld has posted 12 podium finishes in 167 Grand Prix since making his debut with the Prost team in 2000 . "  It was a hard decision for me to make as a Team Principal and I want to thank Pedro for his professionalism , " said team principal Peter Sauber . "  By signing Nick we have a driver we know extremely well who will help us to further judge the comparative potential of our car . "	Nick Heidfeld joins Sauber for the rest of the 2011 Formula One season Heidfeld replaces Pedro de la Rosa , who is ` surprised ' by the decision Heidfeld began season as test driver for Mercedes before joining Pirelli
New York  CNN  -- Faisal Shahzad made a practice run in Manhattan the day before he allegedly tried to blow up a car bomb in Times Square , according to a law enforcement source with knowledge of his questioning . Last Friday , Shahzad drove his white Isuzu from Connecticut through Times Square , where he staked out potential locations for the following night 's planned attack , the source said . He then parked the Isuzu several blocks away from Times Square , though the precise location was unclear , and took a train back to Connecticut , the source said . On Saturday night , with his recently acquired Nissan Pathfinder loaded with his makeshift explosives , Shahzad drove southbound along Manhattan 's East River on FDR Drive to the 49th Street exit , the source said . Shahzad then pulled over and reached into the Pathfinder 's rear compartment where he attempted to set into motion the process needed to set off the homemade bomb , the source said . The source , who did not explain how Shahzad had attempted to set off the bomb , said he then took a number of turns and wound up entering Times Square by driving south down Seventh Avenue . The source said Shahzad told investigators he turned right onto 45th Street toward Eighth Avenue because he saw a place to pull over . It 's unclear why Shahzad left the Pathfinder 's engine running and hazard lights blinking . But because of an incredible goof , Shahzad could n't use his escape car . He had accidentally left the keys to that vehicle in the Pathfinder that he thought was about to blow up , the source said . He apparently went to a train station , where he boarded a Metro North train back to Connecticut . Another law enforcement source said investigators found a train receipt used by Shahzad that is stamped about 7 p.m. , a half hour after a witness notified authorities that the car in Times Square was filing with smoke . Sources say investigators believe he ran to catch the train that pulled out around 7 or 7:15 Saturday night . The source added that police investigators have discovered a surveillance video of Shahzad walking in Shubert Alley -- which runs between 44th and 45th Streets just west of Broadway -- moments after witnesses saw the smoky SUV . In the video he is wearing a white baseball cap . Efforts also continued Wednesday to determine what may have motivated Shahzad . An official familiar with the investigation said Wednesday that Shahzad felt Islam was under attack . Any grudge Shahzad may have held against the United States appears to have developed recently , according to a senior U.S. official who is familiar with the investigation but not authorized to speak publicly . The investigation has found nothing to indicate that Shahzad had any long-standing grudge or anger toward the United States , the official said . "  What we know is , the dynamic appeared to have changed in the last year , " the official said . Investigators have not determined whether Shahzad had any training from Pakistani groups in anything , the source said . Additionally , the official suggested , detentions in Pakistan have been carried out to collect information and not because officials had reached any conclusions about their guilt or ties to any groups . "  They are reaching out to people , bringing them in and doing their due diligence , but ` arrest ' suggests a strong connection to the guy . While anything is possible , they have n't arrived at any conclusion , " the source said . Authorities in Pakistan have rounded up a number of people for questioning , as U.S. law enforcement sought Wednesday to piece together the actions and motivations of Shahzad . Iftikhar Mian , the father-in-law of Shahzad , and Tauseef Ahmed , Shahzad 's friend , were picked up in Karachi , Pakistan , on Tuesday , two intelligence officials said . An intelligence source said Wednesday that Muhammed Rehan , an associate of Shahzad , also was detained on Tuesday . Rehan allegedly was instrumental in making possible a meeting between Shahzad and at least one senior Taliban official , a senior Pakistani official said Wednesday . The official said that Rehan drove Shahzad on July 7 in a pickup truck to Peshawar , Pakistan . At some point , they headed to the Waziristan region , where they met with one or more senior Taliban leaders , the official said . Rehan is believed to have links to the militant group Jaish-e-Mohammed , which is close to al Qaeda and the Pakistani Taliban , the official said . Several officials in Karachi said Rehan was picked up in Karachi 's North Nazimabad district . They said others were taken into custody for questioning on Wednesday , but could not say how many , who they were or where they were seized . A senior U.S. official said investigators were looking into possible links between Shahzad and Pakistani groups and had found none , "  but that does n't say there is no connection . " The official added that there was nothing to indicate Shahzad is from an extremist family . Asked whether Shahzad was a "  wannabe " who may be inflating his contacts , the source said , "  It is going to take a little more time for the investigation to gel . " Investigators have uncovered no evidence that Shahzad had U.S.-based associates related to the plot , a federal law enforcement official said Wednesday . Investigators believe he handled the logistics himself , from purchasing the car to buying the materials for the bomb , the official said . Investigators are looking for any associates who may be overseas , the official said . The federal law enforcement official said Wednesday that Shahzad was still cooperating with the FBI and had waived his right to a lawyer . The official did not provide details about what Shahzad has been saying . The official acknowledged that the FBI lost contact with Shahzad while conducting surveillance of him prior to tracking him down aboard a plane set to take off from New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport , but the official did not say for how long . The official said agents had not wanted to tip off Shahzad that he was under surveillance , that the situation involved multiple locations and that Shahzad was aware of news reports that a suspect had been identified . "  There were a lot of traps out there to catch him if he did flee and , in the end , it worked , " said the official . Shahzad , a 30-year-old naturalized U.S. citizen from Pakistan , was arrested late Monday at JFK airport after boarding a flight bound for Dubai , United Arab Emirates . His final destination was to have been in Pakistan . When authorities did track him down , Shahzad apparently was unsurprised . "  Are you NYPD or FBI ? " he asked . A Customs and Border Protection agent exposed his badge and said , "  CBP , " an administration official said . In Washington , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters that "  the Pakistanis are fully cooperating in the investigation . They recognize , as we do , that this is a shared responsibility and a shared threat . " The charges paint him as a terrorist who received explosives training in Pakistan 's volatile Waziristan region , where government forces have been working to root out Taliban militants . The Pakistani Taliban , a major militant group in the region , praised Shahzad but denied any link to him . Read complaint filed in federal court Tuesday  PDF Shahzad has been charged with attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction , acts of terrorism transcending national boundaries , and three other counts in connection with the incident . If convicted , he faces up to life in prison . Shahzad admitted he drove a Nissan Pathfinder into Times Square on Saturday night and attempted to detonate the vehicle , which was packed with gasoline , propane tanks , fireworks and nonexplosive fertilizer , according to a complaint filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in New York . Court documents said that , after receiving bomb-making training in Pakistan , Shahzad returned to the United States via a one-way plane ticket February 3 . Upon his return , Shahzad qualified for secondary , or more detailed , screening under Customs and Border Protection criteria and was interviewed , the administration official said . He told immigration officials that he had been visiting his parents in Pakistan for the previous five months , according to the documents . He also told officials that his wife remained in Pakistan . CBP , following protocol , sent a report to the FBI and other intelligence agencies that included Shahzad 's passenger information , the official said . Included in that report were phone numbers associated with his travel , when he bought his ticket , and when he filed a customs form , the official said . Last weekend , as they investigated the failed bombing attempt , FBI agents turned up a telephone number but no name in connection with Shahzad 's purchase of a Nissan Pathfinder . When agents searched databases containing the numbers called by or to that phone , they found the number on the CBP report , the official said . That is how they came up with Faisal Shahzad 's name . The court documents show that Shahzad apparently maintained contact with people in Pakistan after returning to the United States . He received 12 phone calls from his country of birth in the days leading up to the incident -- five on the day he bought the Nissan Pathfinder used in the attempted attack . Those calls ceased three days before the failed bombing , the documents show . Authorities began focusing on Shahzad after tracing the sale of the Pathfinder to him . Shahzad has a Karachi identification card , a sign of Pakistani residency , according to Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik . Shahzad 's father , Bahar Ul Haq , is a retired senior officer in the Pakistani Air Force . The former air vice marshal lives in the Peshawar suburb of Hayatabad , according to Kafayat Ali , whose father is a first cousin of Shazad 's father . Shahzad lived at his father 's house in Hayatabad when his father was posted in Peshawar , Ali said . Shahzad , his elder brother Amir and their two sisters moved with the father and received their education in the cities where the father was assigned . Ali said Shahzad 's hometown is Mohib Banda , a village about 78 miles  124 kilometers  northwest of Islamabad , Pakistan . Ul Haq has farmland in Mohib Banda , and Shahzad and his siblings visited there during vacations and to attend relatives ' weddings . Ali said Amir is a mechanical engineer living in Canada , where he is married and lives with his family . Both sisters are married ; one is a doctor and the other is a housewife . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Deb Feyerick , Elise Labott , Reza Sayah and Samson Desta contributed to this story .	NEW : Isuzu driven from Connecticut to Times Square day before planned attack NEW : Shahzad accidently left keys to the Isuzu inside the bomb-laden Pathfinder Shahzad felt Islam was under attack , source says "  The dynamic appeared to have changed in the last year , " official says
London  CNN  -- Modern European football has become almost synonymous with precocious millionaire players who lead lavish "  bling " lifestyles and attract wages that would make even Wall Street bankers blush . But there was a time when soccer was a career driven more by love than financial reward . Rewind to 1961 and salaries for even the most famous footballers were low , as the English game was constricted by a law that limited the weekly wage to a maximum of just $ 31  # 20  . It is 50 years since Jimmy Hill -- a dashing midfielder for first division side Fulham and the head of the Professional Footballers ' Association  PFA  -- won his fight against what he perceived as an "  injustice . " And when he successfully convinced the British Ministry of Labour to scrap the cap , it would change the footballing landscape for ever . His victory saw the English league go on to pioneer an approach that harnessed aggressive global marketing to prompt skyrocketing revenue and , in turn , an explosion in players ' wages . Soon after the ruling Hill 's team-mate Johnny Haynes became the first ever # 100-a-week player . His chairman Tommy Trindle said at the time : "  Johnny Haynes is a top entertainer and will be paid as one from now on . " It was such a large sum that Haynes ' pay packet was twice the size of a cabinet minister and was even discussed in the Houses of Parliament . Wages rose steadily through the century but it was the creation of the Premier League in 1992 and the resulting cash boom that prompted an unprecedented spike in salaries . Clubs enjoyed bountiful revenues from lucrative television and sponsorship deals allowing players to cash in . Other leagues in Europe quickly followed suit . The overseas broadcasting rights for 2010-13 alone netted the Premier League $ 2.2 bn , while the winners of the European Champions League , which was also revamped in 1992 , can claim up to $ 46 million . As prize money climbed clubs spent huge amounts chasing success , with most of their income going straight back out on spiraling wages . Nowadays , the English game 's highest paid player is said to be Argentina striker Carlos Tevez , who pockets around $ 450,000-a-week from Manchester City , according to the Daily Mail , while Lionel Messi of Barcelona came top of France Football magazine 's 2009 rich list , making $ 47 million in salary and endorsements . However , despite the game being richer than ever before , more than half of Europe 's top clubs recorded a loss in 2009 with some even spending 100 % of their income on salaries alone . And even though football proved relatively immune to the recent global downturn , losses are rising , Manchester City posting a $ 148 million deficit in 2009 . But could this era of huge player wages be about to end ? The game 's European governing body , UEFA , has long been concerned with cash-rich clubs like City , Chelsea and Real Madrid launching huge spending drives to snare a crop of the world 's best talent on mega salaries . Now they are seeking to combat a rising sea of debt by introducing new regulations under the banner of "  Financial fair play . " The simple premise is that all European clubs must break even from the start of the 2012-13 season -- and will only be allowed to spend a certain percentage of their profits . Any club falling outside the rules could be expelled from European competitions and cut off from lucrative revenue streams . The Premier League 's chief executive has called the rules a " ` soft salary cap " and is keen to make sure they do n't curb the ability to attract the best talent . Richard Scudamore thinks UEFA is "  too sensible " to follow through on their threat of issuing bans . "  It 's more about taking the steam out of the system and acting as a speed bump rather than about barring clubs , " he said . "  No one in football is proud of the kind of wage inflation we 've experienced , but equally we must n't do anything that dampens the international appeal of our league . " According to Stefan Syzmanski , professor of economics at Cass Business School in London , the plans will not stem the rise and rise of players ' wages . He told CNN : "  Often it 's put to me that the bubble is about to burst and for 20 years I 've been saying ` No , there 's no reason for it to burst , ' and I still do n't see any reason . "  The amount people are willing to pay depends on their income so if you expect economic growth in general to go on increasing I expect wages to generally go on increasing . "  All the money that feeds into football clubs from fans paying to watch the games live or on television or through merchandise , feeds through to players ' salaries -- clubs just pass it on . " Even returning Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish has called today 's wage levels "  astronomical " yet he believes most fans do n't begrudge players the vast sums they earn . Though previous governments have expressed their concerns at wage levels , any attempt to reintroduce a wage cap , or a higher tax rate for players , would most likely end up in court , Syzmanski says . Despite several clubs sinking into administration very few go out of business and while fans often bemoan the gathering debts at their club , Syzmanski says very few consider the alternative . He said : "  If a football club is making money where would that money go ? Well , it 's not going to be given back to fans that 's for sure . "  I would have thought it 's much better to see the fans ' money going into buying players , paying wages and throwing the dice because sport is inherently a risky activity , it 's a gamble on success . "  Frankly , that 's what makes it attractive , so far from actually wanting this kind of merry-go-round to come to an end , actually once clubs cease to take risks we would all find football rather dull and boring . " As for Jimmy Hill , now 82-years-old , his former club Coventry City are still $ 12,000 short of the $ 239,000 they need to build a statue of their ex-chairman outside their ground . Perhaps the next time a player like Wayne Rooney agrees a bumper new deal , he should consider making up the shortfall to honor the man who laid the foundations for his path to riches .	Exorbitant wages paid to Europe 's top footballers set to keep on soaring Barcelona star Lionel Messi is the biggest earner , making $ 47 million in 2009 UEFA introducing new rules to help curb club 's mounting debts thanks largely to salaries Football finance expert says as long as economies continue to grow so will players ' wages
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's intelligence agency has detained several people who gave information to the United States before the U.S. killed Osama bin Laden , officials in Pakistan said Wednesday . The agency detained several people who cooperated with the CIA , a Pakistani official said ; the official did not know the precise number . One rented a safe house to the CIA in Abbottabad , the Pakistani city where U.S. special forces killed bin Laden early May 2 , a Pakistani source familiar with the arrests said Wednesday . Some of the CIA sources in Pakistani custody were low-level and not considered crucial , a senior administration official told CNN . The official said the sources were not spying on Pakistan , and therefore should be dealt with leniently . News of the arrests , first reported by The New York Times , is likely to further strain an already rocky relationship between the two countries . The United States has complained that Pakistan has not done enough to fight al Qaeda and other militants . Senior U.S. officials also suspect that some in Pakistan helped bin Laden live there . CIA Director Leon Panetta reportedly has told legislators that Pakistan was either involved in helping the world 's most wanted fugitive avoid detection or was incompetent for not knowing he was living on Pakistani soil . Pakistan , meanwhile , has protested unilateral action by the United States in Pakistan , such as the raid that killed bin Laden : The United States did not tell Pakistan about it until the raid was over . It also has complained about civilian casualties caused by suspected U.S. drone strikes that have targeted Islamic militants in northwestern Pakistan . Now comes news that Pakistan has detained some of the very people who helped the United States find and kill bin Laden . Panetta discussed the arrests Friday with Pakistan army chief Gen. Ashfaq Kayani and Lt. Gen. Ahmad Shuja Pasha , Pakistan 's head of military intelligence , the official said . A U.S. official confirmed that the discussion had taken place but would not give details about the arrests . The first Pakistani official did not say whether the owner of the safe house was suspected of being a CIA informant . He asked not to be identified because he was discussing sensitive internal matters . The second Pakistani official asked to remain anonymous because he is not authorized to speak to the news media . A Pakistani military spokesman confirmed that there were "  a number of people arrested in Abbottabad after the raid on the Osama bin Laden compound " but said he could not say what relationship , if any , they may have had with the CIA . Some were seized at "  a house in Abbottabad that was used to monitor the bin Laden compound activities , " said Syed Azmat Ali , the military spokesman . "  They could have been Pakistanis who were informants to the CIA . " Ali said those arrests were made by Pakistan 's powerful military intelligence agency , Inter-Services Intelligence , "  immediately after the raid , so this is not a new piece of information . " He and the intelligence official who asked not to be named were responding to a report in The New York Times that Pakistan had arrested five CIA informants who gave information to the United States before the raid on bin Laden 's hideout . The newspaper attributed the report to "  American officials " without naming them . It said one of those arrested was a Pakistani army major who had kept records of license plate numbers on cars that stopped at the bin Laden compound . Ali , the Pakistani military spokesman , said that assertion was "  categorically " not true . The newspaper also cited a top CIA official 's damning assessment of Pakistan 's cooperation with American counterterrorism efforts . Asked last week at a private briefing of the Senate Intelligence Committee to rate Pakistan 's cooperation with the United States on counterterrorism operations , using a scale of one to 10 , Deputy CIA Director Michael J. Morell gave it a three , the Times said , quoting "  officials familiar with the exchange . " Asked Wednesday by CNN to rate the Pakistani spy agency 's relationship with the CIA on a scale of one to 10 , military spokesman Ali gave it a four . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Wednesday that maintaining the U.S. relationship with Pakistan is "  complicated , " but "  helps our national security interest . " He called the cooperation "  vital , " and said Pakistan is "  an important partner in fighting terrorism . " "  They have been reliable in providing information that 's led to successful missions against terrorists , " he said . At the State Department , spokesman Mark Toner said that , despite the challenges , "  more terrorists have been identified and killed on Pakistani soil than anywhere else in the world . And that 's , in part , due to this counter-terrorism cooperation that we have . So it 's in our interest to work through these challenges as they arise and to move forward . " Panetta , who has been nominated to be secretary of defense , defended the relationship to Congress in confirmation hearings last week . "  They maintain relationships with certain terrorist groups , " he said , adding : "  They continue to not take aggressive action with regard to these safe havens , and ... they 're concerned about the sovereignty results and criticisms of the United States when , in fact , my view is that the terrorists in their country are probably the greatest threat to their sovereignty . " During a visit last week to Pakistan , Panetta raised the issue of two raids that appear to have failed because of intelligence leaks in recent weeks , a U.S. official said . The United States had shown the Pakistanis evidence of two bomb-making sites near the Afghan border , the official said , asking not to be named discussing intelligence and diplomatic issues . The Americans believed the sites were being used to stage attacks against U.S. forces in Afghanistan . When the Pakistanis raided the sites , both were empty . "  The targets appear to have been tipped off , " the U.S. official said . The relationship between the two countries has been in a downward spiral over disputes about how to pursue counterterrorism efforts . One reason Pakistanis have supported militants in the tribal region is that the fighters are seen as a bulwark for Pakistani interests . That includes a focus against the influence of longtime rival India in Afghanistan . Despite fears that elements sympathetic to militants are working for the ISI , American officials have argued that maintaining an alliance with Pakistan is crucial to the success of U.S. anti-terrorism efforts . The United States is suspected of carrying out routine strikes by unmanned aircraft targeting suspected terrorists in Pakistan : two suspected strikes Wednesday killed 15 suspected militants , two Pakistani officials said . Pakistani officials have said there were more than 100 such strikes in their country last year , a record , according to CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen . They think most of the casualties were foot soldiers or civilians , not high-value terrorism targets , he said . The New America Foundation in Washington , which maintains an independent count of reported drone strikes , says there were 118 of them in 2010 , killing 600 to 1,000 people . Polls show that nine of 10 Pakistanis view the strikes unfavorably . Many Pakistanis were angered by the case of Raymond Davis , a CIA contractor who was charged with killing two Pakistani men but then released after compensation was paid to their families . Davis described the two men as attackers and said he shot them in self-defense . Lahore Police Chief Aslam Tareen , however , said the case was "  clear-cut murder . " According to Davis , the shooting occurred January 27 after two men attacked him as he drove through a busy Lahore neighborhood , the U.S. Embassy has said . U.S. officials originally said Davis was a diplomat and tried to claim diplomatic immunity but then revealed that he was a CIA contractor . CIA chief Panetta 's unannounced visit last week was the latest in a series by U.S. officials -- including Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen and Sen. John Kerry -- efforts to smooth things over after bin Laden was killed in the Navy SEAL raid . The Pakistani military said in April that drone strikes "  not only undermine our national effort against terrorism but turn public support against our efforts , which remains the key to success . " The United States has regarded Pakistan as a top ally in its fight against the Taliban , al Qaeda , the Haqqani Network and other Pakistan-based militants who have launched attacks against international and Afghan troops in Afghanistan . Washington has argued that Pakistan has not done enough to go after al Qaeda and other extremists . U.S. officials have expressed impatience with the Pakistanis and suspicions that elements of the ISI directorate are sympathetic to militants . CNN 's Nasir Habib , Aliza Kassim and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	White House spokesman calls U.S. relationship with Pakistan "  complicated , " but "  vital " CIA Director Leon Panetta talked with Pakistani top brass about failed raids , a source says Suspected CIA informants were arrested after the bin Laden raid , an official says The arrests could be another blow to the relationship between the U.S. and Pakistan
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Pixies have just played their signature anthem , "  Where is My Mind . " As the crowd begs for an encore , Black Francis stands alone at center stage , an uncharacteristic grin spread across his usually enigmatic features . Guitarist Joey Santiago and drummer David Lovering are already heading for the wings , while their new touring bassist , Kim Shattuck , slips into the crowd , eager to shake hands with rabid fans . The Pixies are in the midst of headlining a series of sold-out club dates and festival appearances in support of "  EP-1 , " their first collection of new music in 22 years . It 's also their first tour without original bassist Kim Deal , whose departure from the quartet was announced in June . Despite some tensions in the past , her decision blindsided her bandmates . Photos : A short history of punk "  She just said , ` I 'm leaving on the next flight tomorrow , ' " recalls Charles Thompson IV , aka Black Francis . "  And so there was nothing really to say . We just said , ` OK . ' It was just as simple and as basic as that . " And so America 's beloved indie rock band embarked on a new chapter of its storied career . Bursting out of the Boston underground in the late '80s with an irresistible yin-yang of brash guitars and dreamy popscapes , the Pixies imploded before they could hit the big time -- but not before laying the sonic groundwork for such alternative acts as Nirvana and Radiohead . With great fanfare , the Pixies reunited in 2004 for a world tour -- a triumphant victory lap that somehow stretched into a whopping seven-year run . Aging hipsters and musically precocious twentysomethings welcomed the return of "  Debaser , " "  Here Comes Your Man " and other favorites , but it also left them yearning for fresh material . They got it with "  Bagboy , " a surprise single that bombarded unsuspecting inboxes as a free download in late June . In early September , four additional songs hit the Web , this time in a package generically titled "  EP-1 . " And there 's more on the way . CNN gets the backstory in a rooftop conversation with Thompson , Santiago and Lovering before a recent show in Los Angeles . They share how they turned Santiago 's hotel room into a secret recording studio , open up about the departure of Kim Deal and give a progress report on her replacement , Kim Shattuck  from the Los Angeles pop-punk trio The Muffs  . CNN : Ever since your 2004 reunion , fans were hoping for some new music . Rumor has it that was kicked into gear when the Pixies were in Canada headlining at a casino , and did n't want to be thought of as an oldies act . David Lovering : In Canada , those are the venues . It 's not that we became a casino band , but it was almost equating us to that . Blue Oyster Cult , oh no ! So that was just a good impetus to think , "  OK , we 've got to do something . " CNN : When the new music came out on your website , did you read the comments ? Charles Thompson  aka "  Black Francis "  : I think I read the comments . Our Twitter feed is probably where I get most of my online satisfaction , as far as people blogging or commenting about things . Joey Santiago : I look at the comments . I like the negative ones . It 's like when I 'm buying Amazon stuff . I look at the negative reviews . But they 're just judging a book by its cover , really -- that a member is gone , and what 's that got to do with "  Bagboy ? " CNN : Was Kim Deal 's leaving unexpected ? Lovering : It was a shock , because she was along on the journey with us . Santiago : She was enthusiastic , and then that bomb hit one day . CNN : Did she tell you in person ? Thompson : Yeah . We used to go to get a coffee in the village , the little town that we were recording near . Everyone would go there looking for their coffee , so inevitably , one , or two , or three or four band members would be there . We were there , and she just said , "  I 'm leaving on the next flight tomorrow . " And so , you know , there was nothing really to say . We just said , "  OK . " It was just as simple and as basic as that . CNN : Did she give a reason , or indicate that she might be back at some point ? Thompson : I think when someone makes a big decision like that , it takes a lot of guts to kind of tell the people that you have to tell face-to-face , which is what she did . I know that when the band broke up the first time around , I sort of broke up the band , but I did n't have the guts to do that . I had to send a message and hope for the best , because it feels like a confrontation , or you feel embarrassed , or you do n't want to let people down , you know what I mean ? You know they 're going to be disappointed , so I think it probably took a lot of guts for her to personally go , "  I 'm out , " and not just do it in an email . CNN : Has she heard the new music ? Lovering : I do n't know . CNN : Having a female presence in the band has been an important part of the Pixies . Thompson : It 's a nice thing to have a yin and a yang in certain situations . It 's always been a part of the way we present our music , and I think people like it . It puts a lot of things into perspective having both sexes represented on stage . It 's just a totally different dynamic -- not only in terms of what the band is doing , but the way people receive it . CNN : "  Indie Cindy " is a song on the new EP . Is it an ode to the indie fans out there , or anxiety over whether they 'll accept the new material ? Thompson : There 's that little punk rock girl that 's out there . She 's very representative of a music fan , especially if you 're a boy . If you 're a guy , that punk rock girl is kind of like , "  Aww , the little cute punk rock girl with all her make-up , and all her stuff on , going to the show . " There 's something about it that is very adorable . You fall in love with those people . CNN : Charles , you and Joey went back to the old neighborhood and set up a recording studio in Joey 's hotel in Massachusetts . Thompson : In western Massachusetts , in the Northampton-Amherst area where Joey and I first met in college . CNN : Was there some residual magic in the old neighborhood ? Thompson : Probably . It 's probably not magic , but there are a lot of real things that affect life , whether it 's a full moon , or whether it 's what the air is like , or what the soil is like somewhere , what the people are like in a particular area . There are a lot of things that you kind of do n't notice that probably actually have an effect . It was by coincidence that we were there . We did n't plan it -- not consciously , anyway . The vocals for "  Indie Cindy " are from Joey 's hotel room there . CNN : How 's it working out with Kim Shattuck doing the live shows ? Thompson : Every musician brings their thing to the table . I personally like working with her . She has a really good work ethic . She likes to rock out , she likes to hit hard , she likes to play . I enjoy working with her because she has a good attitude . CNN : If there 's an "  EP-1 , " does that mean there 's also an "  EP-2 " and an "  EP-3 ? " Thompson : It 's all one big album , you know . CNN : Will you be spending another seven years on the road ? Santiago : You know , I do n't want to sound corny , but it 's up to Cindy . Thompson : True . I mean , she 's the greatest gatekeeper of all .	The Pixies return with "  EP-1 , " their first new music in decades The band is playing a series of club dates to promote the album Black Francis opens up about Kim Deal 's departure
CNN  -- At first glance , it does n't seem that remarkable : An old black-and-white scene of a strangely deserted city , smudged in places by some primitive photographic process . But this image , taken in Paris , France , in 1838 , is believed to be the earliest known photograph featuring a person . Look in the photo 's lower left corner and you 'll see a man getting his boots cleaned on the sidewalk . The boot-cleaner is there too , although he is harder to spot . The image has been posted online before , but it gained a higher profile after news site Mashable published a full-page version on Wednesday in partnership with Retronaut , a website that archives photos from the past . It was taken by Louis Daguerre , the French photographer famous for pioneering the daguerreotype , an early type of photo produced on a silver plate or a silver-covered copper plate . According to Retronaut 's Amanda Uren , the exposure time for the image was around seven minutes . The street appears deserted because while the two human figures were relatively still , other pedestrians and horse-drawn carriages were moving too fast to register on the plate . The photo shows the Boulevard du Temple , a then-fashionable area of shops , cafÃ © s and theaters . The two people on the sidewalk are the most recognizable human figures in the photo , although Uren points out that a detailed examination reveals other possible people on a bench and in a window of the building in the foreground . The image is not close to being the earliest known surviving photograph , though . That distinction belongs to a photo by Joseph NicÃ © phore NiÃ © pce , one of Daguerre 's partners , who used a crude camera to capture the view from a window at his French estate in 1826 or 1827 . Today , when almost everyone has a phone camera in their pocket and more than 350 million photos are uploaded to Facebook every day , Daguerre 's milestone seems quaint . In 2014 , he might have just snapped a selfie .	The earliest known photograph to show a person was published online this week It was taken in Paris , France , in 1838 , by Louis Daguerre The image shows a man getting his boots cleaned on the sidewalk
CNN  -- The hottest music venue in Europe opened its doors on Thursday morning to a select group in the United States . Spotify , which makes Internet music-streaming software , launched the much-hyped U.S. version of its service after delays and years of negotiation . At first , Spotify will only accept new members to its free service who receive invitations from the company , one of its sponsors or a current user . "  This is the biggest market in the world , " Kenneth Parks , Spotify 's content chief , said in an interview late Wednesday . "  We have n't done a launch this large . " Google + , the new social network , also launched recently using an invite-only scheme . Spotify plans to welcome everyone for free after "  several weeks , " Parks said . The Spotify computer program will let people choose from any of 15 million songs to hear for free -- up to 10 hours per month , with each track listenable up to five times . For the first six months , however , people who enter during the invitation period are exempt from the monthly limit , Parks said . After that , users can lift the restrictions by paying $ 5 a month or buying songs individually , like iTunes . The smartphone apps can be accessed for $ 10 a month , which includes unlimited streaming and the ability to save copy-protected music for listening offline . The ability to create and share playlists with Facebook friends has formed a beehive mix-tape culture among the more than 10 million users in Europe . From a small office in Stockholm , Sweden , Spotify quickly spread its tentacles across Europe . But during the past couple of years , the company has been caught in a web of bureaucracy . Record-label executives have expressed concern that Spotify 's free offering devalues music and does n't drum up significant revenue . "  They wanted to be careful , " Parks said . "  Spotify has always had a view that the free experience was core to what Spotify was all about and key to get users to invest in the service . " Spotify CEO Daniel Ek echoed that belief at a technology conference in December , as he has in several public appearances before that and likely will again at Fortune 's Brainstorm Tech conference next week . "  We really believe in our model , " Ek said at the D : Dive into Mobile conference last year . "  We would not just launch a subscription model , because we do n't think that 's going to work . " Now , the four major labels and Spotify have finally settled their disputes . In the time since , the record companies have given the go-ahead to competing digital music initiatives such as Rdio , MOG and , most recently , Apple 's iTunes Match . "  We think there 's definitely room and appetite for a service like Spotify , " Parks said . "  There really is nothing like it in the market . "	NEW : Spotify launches in the U.S. on Thursday morning The music-streaming service has been wildly popular in Europe It 's taken awhile for Spotify to debut in U.S. because of concerns from record labels
CNN  -- The same hands that are helping Haiti recover from a massive earthquake could cripple its long-term recovery . That 's the concern voiced by some Haitian scholars , natives and relief workers . The world has rallied to Haiti 's side since the January 12 earthquake killed at least 217,000 people and displaced at least a million in the impoverished island nation . Yet the same groups that have lined up to help Haitians the past two months -- foreign governments , relief groups and companies pledging to rebuild -- could hobble Haiti 's long-term survival , some say . Ronald Agenor , a Haitian-American , says he 's grateful for the world 's assistance . But he does n't want the earthquake to wipe out one of his native country 's most precious assets : its independence . "  We 're not a country anymore , " said Agenor , a former top-ranked professional tennis player . "  It does n't seem like we have a government . We 're a place where people go to give money . " How aid can hinder Haiti 's government Much of Haiti 's national identity is shaped around its unique history . Haitians are the descendants of the only slaves who revolted against their masters in the 19th century . Haiti , though , has struggled since it broke away from its colonial rulers , the French . Even before the earthquake , unemployment hovered around 50 percent , and more than half of all Haitians live on a dollar a day . Ongoing political instability adds to Haiti 's misery . Western nations and relief groups have stepped in over the years to help . But some of that help has backfired , says Alex Dupuy , a native of Haiti and a professor of sociology at Wesleyan University in Connecticut . "  Haiti has been transformed over the years into an aid-dependent country , " Dupuy said . "  Much of the aid has further weakened the ability of the state to deliver . " In Haiti , the government does n't provide basic services such as sanitation , electricity and drinking water , Dupuy says . Much of that is provided by non-governmental organizations , or NGOs , like relief groups , he says . "  It becomes a vicious cycle , " Dupuy said . "  The state is never forced to face up to its responsibilities . " Educated Haitians could stay and help their country , but many prefer to move elsewhere for more comfortable living , Dupuy says . "  There are more Haitian doctors practicing medicine in Montreal than in Haiti , " Dupuy said . Full earthquake coverage Those educated Haitians who do stay are often siphoned off into working for the non-governmental organizations stationed there , says J. Phil Thompson , an urban studies professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who has traveled to disaster zones around the world to help communities recover . Thompson says there are about 10,000 NGOs in Haiti . "  Haitians often do n't want to work for the government , because the salaries ca n't compete with the donations various intermediaries can pay , " Thompson said . Profiting from Haiti 's misery Helping hands have hurt Haiti in the past , some Haitians say . Powerful outsiders took advantage of Haiti 's weakened government for profit . Dupuy says that in the early 1970s , Haiti was self-sufficient in its rice production . Today , it is the fourth largest importer of rice from American farmers who are subsidized by the U.S. government . The change came about because much of the foreign aid to Haiti had strings attached . Haiti had to remove its tariffs and open its economy to foreign imports , he says . "  All of which had devastating impacts on Haitian agriculture , " Dupuy said . "  Haiti has nothing to show for it . Now it imports 25 percent of the food it consumes . " Haiti 's impoverished condition also provides opportunity for companies that flock to the country . "  It 's being used as a haven for cheap labor in the textiles and garment industries , " Dupuy says . "  Those industries are going to Haiti because there is an abundance of the cheapest labor in the Western hemisphere . " Even those companies that promise to help rebuild Haiti must be viewed with suspicion , one scholar says . Haiti 's recovery could be hampered by unscrupulous outsiders and opportunistic Haitians who may seize land for themselves by passing their efforts off as "  helping the recovery , " Thompson said . After Hurricane Katrina wiped out the Lower Ninth Ward in New Orleans , Louisiana , a group of developers proposed turning the area into a golf course , Thompson says . After the 2004 Asian tsunami , developers proposed building luxury hotels on the fishing communities that had just been wiped out , he added . The same pattern could repeat itself in Port-au-Prince , the capital , to "  redevelop " Haiti , Thompson says . "  Everywhere I 've worked , where there 's been a disaster , there 's been land grabs by the elite , " Thompson said . Haitians say how their country can recover Haitians can come out of this disaster stronger if they take more control of their destiny , Thompson says . Thompson suggests that Haitians create a social investment fund , which would be used to funnel money that expatriates send to their homeland into investments in renewable energy , education and housing . It 's been estimated that up to 36 percent of Haiti 's gross national product comes from remittances , or money Haitians receive from other Haitians abroad . "  Because Haitians are investing in Haiti , they are going to make sure no one is ripped off , " Thompson said of the investment fund . Agenor , the Haitian-American tennis player , recommends an even more subtle change for improving his country 's prospects : teach more English to Haitian youth . Creole and French are the primary languages in Haiti . But the best employment opportunities for Haitians rest about an hour 's flight away in the U.S. , where English is the main language , Agenor says . "  We have a French culture , but we 're so close to America , " said Agenor , who now lives in Los Angeles , California . "  When Haitians go to America , they do n't speak English . They ca n't go to college . When other English-speaking islanders go to America , 80 percent of the job is done . " Relief groups can help Haitians in the short term by not only providing food , shelter and water but by hiring Haitian workers in reconstruction projects and soliciting their advice , one relief expert says . "  There 's nothing worse than a bunch of foreigners coming in to fix everything , " said David Humphries , a spokesman for CHF International , a humanitarian organization that is in Haiti . "  Self-esteem and buy-in are very important for any community . They need to say , ` This is our building , our hospital . ' " iReport : Haiti 's missing and found Local input can also avoid wasting precious resources , Humphries says . "  You can build a hospital , but if there 's no functional road to it , it 's a white elephant , " Humphries said . "  People will despise it . Go in the community , get their input and employ them . " Despite the challenges ahead , some Haitians remain optimistic . News accounts of the earthquake 's aftermath are filled with stories about the resilience of Haitian people . Maggie Boyer , a Haitian native who is communications director for World Vision , an international Christian humanitarian agency , says the street vendors and the colorful Tap-Tap taxicabs have returned to the streets of Port-au-Prince . "  Given our history as the first black republic , " Boyer said , "  this has left us with the sense that we are good , we can win , and we can go forward . "	Massive aid flowing into Haiti could hobble country 's recovery , some say Aid weakens ability of Haitian government to develop , sociologist says "  We 're not a country anymore , " one Haitian says Powerful outsiders can use crisis for land grabs , professor says
CNN  -- American and US Airways recently announced their $ 11 billion merger . Is this the kiss of death to the legacy airline industry , which after the merger will only have three major carriers : United , Delta and American ? Will the merger reduce consumer choices and increase prices ? Is this another proof that airline deregulation is a big mistake and a sellout to corporate interests ? Rest assured -- there 's no reason to panic . According to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics , the average round-trip ticket  net of fees paid at the airport , including baggage fees and on-board fees such as meals , both of which are important sources of new revenues  increased by 28 % since 1995 . In contrast , average retail prices in the same time frame increased by 47 % , which means that the average air fare fell in real terms by about 15 % . At the same time , crude oil prices  a key factor in airline costs  increased by a factor of 5 , from around $ 17 per barrel to more than $ 90 per barrel . During this period , we saw many legacy airlines disappear , mostly through mergers . TWA -- the fourth major legacy -- was acquired by American in 2001 . America West was absorbed by then bankrupt US Airways in 2005 . Continental merged with United last year . Southwest , a major new entrant at the national scale since deregulation , took over ATA Airlines in 2008 and Air Tran in 2010 , which previously absorbed ValuJet , another new airline since deregulation . Delta purchased Northwest in 2008 . Although the U.S. airline industry is more concentrated than the rest of the world , in reality , its competitive nature changed dramatically . The entrance of new players at the national stage such as Southwest , JetBlue , and Virgin America , among many others , as well as the development of strong hub-and-spoke networks among the major airlines , put strong competitive pressure on the majors . On the one hand , the new entrants are all nimble . Southwest has been the only consistently profitable airline for 20 years . When compared to the majors , they all have lower labor costs , and more modern and standardized equipment -- leading to low operational and fuel costs . They tend also to be highly selective in the markets they serve . On the other hand , the majors ' strengthening of the hub-and-spoke networks  by which travelers go from A to B via a hub in airport C  imply that entry into new markets -- what in the industry is called "  city-pairs " -- is relatively simple . All a major needs to do is to start service between one hub and a given city to have service to hundreds of new city-pairs , all prior existing cities being suddenly connected to a new destination . So if an airline attempts to gouge its customers on a particular destination , other airlines with reasonably located hubs will have a strong incentive to add such destination to their networks , frustrating the gouging airline 's ability to raise prices . It is in this framework that the American-US Airways merger needs to be looked at . Although there will be some competitive overlap , particularly at national airports where both American and US Airways have a substantial presence  US Airways providing the North East Shuttle service as well as regular service  , such overlap will be investigated by the antitrust authorities . Actually , the two networks are quite complementary and will provide consumers with more choices and improved quality of service . In particular , East Coast residents where US Airways has its major eastern hubs will benefit from increased domestic and international connections . Although the combined airline may decide to streamline some of its hubs , other hubs , such as Phoenix  which is a strong Southwest hub  , will provide the combined airline with a strong competitive position to recapture some of the market the majors lost to Southwest over the years  US Airways competes today with Southwest in about 80 % of its routes  . Overall , this merger , the last of the large airlines ' merger wave , has the potential of being not only good for shareholders and airline employees , but to domestic travelers alike . It 's not a bad deal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pablo T. Spiller .	American and US Airways recently announced their $ 11 billion merger Pablo Spiller : Is this the kiss of death to the legacy airline industry ? He says consumers will likely get more choices and improved quality of service Spiller : This merger , the last of the large airlines ' merger wave , is good overall
CNN  -- Samuel Eto'o has edged towards a move away from Inter Milan , after it was announced that a deal has been agreed to sell the Cameroon striker to Russian side Anzhi Makhachkala . Eto'o , 30 , will undergo a medical with Anzhi on Wednesday before putting pen-to-paper on a three-year contract . "  An agreement was reached today between the two football clubs regarding the transition of the forward Samuel Eto'o 's to the Makhachkala club , " read a statement on Anzhi 's official web site . "  Both sides are completely satisfied about the financial terms of the transfer . Anzhi expresses gratitude to the leadership of Inter for its professional and constructive approach in the negotiations . Why are Spanish footballers on strike ? "  Tomorrow the player will undergo a medical , following which a three-year contract with him will be concluded . "  On Thursday , Samuel will arrive to the base of his new team , and will begin preparations for the game against FC Rostov . " Former Barcelona forward Eto'o is set to become the latest star name to join Dagestan-based Anzhi , who have already signed winger Yuri Zhirkov from Chelsea and attacking midfielder Balazs Dzsudzsak from PSV Eindhoven during this transfer window . Anzhi also secured the signature of Brazilian World Cup winner and former Real Madrid left-back Roberto Carlos in February . Eto'o , a four-time African Player of the Year , rose to prominence during a four-year spell with Spanish side Mallorca , before joing Catalan giants Barcelona in 2004 . Eto'o won multiple honors during his stay at the Nou Camp , including three Spanish Primera Liga titles and two European Champions League triumphs . Inter signed Eto'o in 2009 , with Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic moving in the opposite direction , and he helped the Nerazzurri claim Italian Serie A and Champions League glory in 2010 .	Inter Milan and Anzhi Makhachkala have reached a deal for the transfer of Samuel Eto'o Eto'o will now travel to Russia to undergo a medical and sign a three-year deal Anzhi have already signed Yuri Zhirkov , Balazs Dzsudzsak and Roberto Carlos this year
CNN  -- The Australian company GeoResonance claims it has found the wreckage of a plane in the Bay of Bengal . The company is not saying that what they found is missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , but it is urging official searchers to take a look . So far , Malaysian officials say they are investigating the credibility of the claim , while Australian searchers and a satellite company say they are confident that the plane is in a different area . What is GeoResonance ? GeoResonance specializes in geophysical surveys . The company 's technology has been used to find oil and gas , groundwater , uranium , even diamonds . The technology the company uses was originally created to search for nuclear , biological and chemical weaponry under the ocean or beneath the earth in bunkers , said David Pope , the company 's director . "  Subsurface exploration has never been so precise -- we detect the nuclei of targeted substances , " the company says on its website . In addition to finding natural resources , the company has also used its resources to located submerged structures , including ships and aircraft . What technology is the company using ? According to an Australian newspaper account , GeoResonance makes use of former Soviet defense technology that has since been demilitarized . It analyzes super-weak electromagnetic fields captured by airborne multispectral images . "  And what we do is we look at the nuclei of an atom , copper or nickel or iron . And so we knew we had the tools to search for the plane , " Pope said . For their search of MH370 , the company began by looking for aluminum , which makes up about 70 % of the Boeing 777 , Pope said . Once it got a hit for aluminum , it looked for other metals such as titanium , copper , steel , nickel , iron and chromium , he said . The result is a set of images that show what could be the parts of an intact plane . Where is this site ? Pope declined to give the precise coordinates for GeoResonance 's find , but said it was about 120 miles  190 kilometers  south of Bangladesh in the Bay of Bengal . The search officials do have the exact location , he said . The current official search area is in the southern Indian Ocean , and is being coordinated by the Australians . The site where GeoResonance says it found the wreckage is several thousand miles away in an area that was ruled out weeks ago . Pope said his company began searching that area at a time when search efforts were in the Bay of Bengal . The search moved on , but his team sent their findings to officials repeatedly , he said . Did officials ignore the company 's findings ? According to GeoResonance , yes , its e-mails and phone calls to the official searchers went unanswered . That is one of the factors that pushed the company to release its findings publicly . Pope says he did not want to share the findings publicly at first , but it was possibly the only way to get heard . "  We 're a large group of scientists , and we were being ignored , and we thought we had a moral obligation to get our findings to the authorities , " he said . The strategy appears to have worked , according to Pope . On the same day he released the findings , Malaysian officials reached out and listened to a 1Â 1/2 - hour technical presentation by his team . Malaysian acting Transportation Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said Malaysia "  is working with its international partners to assess the credibility of this information . " Australia 's Joint Agency Coordination Centre , which is leading the multinational search , dismissed the claim . The officials are "  satisfied " with data that show the plane likely is in the southern Indian Ocean , and not in the Bay of Bengal . CNN 's Kate Bolduan contributed to this report .	Australian company is urging official Flight 370 searchers to revisit Bay of Bengal GeoResonance says it has detected an object that could be a commercial airliner GeoResonance : The site is about 120 miles south of Bangladesh Company says it went public because official searchers did n't respond to them
EW.com  -- Make way , Angelina Jolie ! Former "  Wicked " witch Kristin Chenoweth has signed on to play "  Sleeping Beauty " baddie Maleficent in Disney 's upcoming original movie "  Descendants , " which follows the teenage children of Disney 's iconic heroes and villains  mainly the villains  . The Tony and Emmy winner will butt heads with her onscreen daughter Mal , played by "  Liv and Maddie " star Dove Cameron . ` Fantastic Four ' close to landing Tim Blake Nelson Set to premiere in 2015 , "  Descendants " is Disney 's newest experiment in transforming its famous animated characters into live-action figures . The cast of the adventure comedy DCOM  that 's Disney Channel Original Movie  also includes Booboo Stewart as Jay , son of Jafar ; Sofia Carson as Evie , daughter of the Evil Queen ; Cameron Boyce as Carlos , son of Cruella de Vil ; and Mitchell Hope as Ben , the son of Belle and the Beast . ` Blazing Saddles , ' 40 years later : A conversation with Mel Brooks In the film , the teenage progeny of Disney 's most famous meanies are sent to the kingdom 's hottest prep school alongside other notable offspring , including the children of the Fairy Godmother , Mulan , and Rapunzel , where they face a dilemma of nature vs. nurture  or , evil vs. relatively normal  . "  High School Musical " director Kenny Ortega is on board to helm and direct the film , which is slated to begin production in late May . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kristin Chenoweth will play Maleficent in a Disney original movie The film , "  Descendants , " follows the teen offspring of Disney 's iconic characters "  High School Musical 's " Kenny Ortega will direct "  Descendents " is set to premiere in 2015
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- First lady Michelle Obama vowed Monday to "  take no prisoners " as she and her husband launch an unprecedented bid for Chicago 's 2016 Olympic bid . First lady 's attitude about the effort to secure Chicago 's bid for the 2016 Olympics : "  Take no prisoners . " "  It 's a battle -- we 're going to win -- take no prisoners , " the first lady said with a smile at a roundtable discussion with reporters in the White House State Dining Room . She compared the intense lobbying effort to the 2008 presidential campaign , noting that in the election campaign , a lot of voters made their decision in the final days . She said members of the International Olympic Committee may do the same . "  And our view is , we 're not taking a chance , " she said . "  We 're just not going to assume that the bids -- that the decisions are made , and so that no matter what the outcome is , we 'll feel as a country , as a team , that we 've done everything that we can to bring it home . " The White House confirmed Monday that President Obama will fly on Thursday to Copenhagen , Denmark , where the International Olympic Committee will be reviewing bids from several countries on Friday . It will be the first time that an American president has lobbied the IOC in this manner . Mrs. Obama arrives in Copenhagen on Wednesday with White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett and other top aides . "  What a dynamic duo they will be , " Jarrett said . "  I think it will be high impact , I think their presentation will be both very personal , given that they know and love Chicago so well . " Mrs. Obama said she and Vice President Joe Biden have been lobbying IOC members by telephone in recent days , and that she plans a packed schedule once she lands in Denmark . "  I think I 'm talking to everybody , " she said of the dozens of IOC members who will decide the victor . She will also make a formal presentation to the IOC , before the president makes his own pitch on Friday . "  We 're each going to do our own proposal , " she said . "  I think we have as good a chance as any country . " She joked , however , that there are limits to how far they will work together . Watch Ed Henry 's full report on the Obamas ' Olympics effort " "  We 're not going to do a joint poem together , " Mrs. Obama said with a laugh . She also revealed a story that suggests she 's taking the lobbying very seriously . At last week 's G-20 Summit in Pittsburgh , she sat next to the first lady of Brazil , one of the nations with a rival bid . "  I adore her but I said , ` You know , I 'm going to hug you now and then I 'm going after you in Copenhagen , ' " Mrs. Obama recalled with a laugh . "  And she said , ` You too . ' So gloves are off . "	Michelle Obama to join forces with husband in unprecedented bid to nab Olympics The first lady promises "  to take no prisoners " during her campaign in Denmark She 'll be working her own pitch with IOC members while president makes his own She 's jokingly warned first lady of Brazil "  gloves are off " in quest to land Games
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greek politicians have been unable to form a new government in their economically embattled land late Friday , and the president might have to step in to breach the impasse . Socialist PASOK leader Evangelos Venizelos met with Antonis Samaras , head of the center-right New Democracy party , and Alexis Tsipras of the leftist Syriza party and failed to forge a deal , the parties reported . Venizelos was the third Greek politician since Sunday tasked with forming a new government . Samaras and Tsipras had tried and already failed to organize a government . Venizelos is to meet with President Karolos Papoulias and tell him he ca n't form a coalition , government officials said . Papoulias will call the party leaders and ask them to try and form a national unity government . If a unity government ca n't be formed by Thursday , Greece must call new elections . The political wrangling comes after Sunday 's national elections in which seven parties won seats in parliament , but none captured more than 19 % of the vote . Greece has been forced to impose punishing austerity measures to get international loans that have kept it from defaulting on debts . But this week 's election results were widely seen as a message to politicians to back away from the harsh economic austerity measures , policies of cutting spending and raising taxes to reduce public debts . Voters backed parties on the far left and right , withholding support from PASOK and New Democracy , the more moderate parties that made up the coalition that enacted austerity measures . The stakes are potentially huge for the rest of the eurozone , the group of 17 European countries that use a common currency . There is concern that the lack of leadership could jeopardize Greece 's bailout agreement with the European Union and International Monetary Fund . That could lead to a disorderly default by Greece , which would force the nation out of the eurozone . A default by Greece also could drag down other troubled governments such as Spain and Portugal . The eurozone economy is fragile , and any financial shock could plunge the region into a deep recession , a development that would ripple across the globe . German Chancellor Angela Merkel is the most outspoken supporter of fiscal discipline in the eurozone . Other leaders have been ousted by voters frustrated with austerity . France 's President-elect , FranÃ § ois Hollande , campaigned against austerity and has promised to push through measures to boost economic growth . Venizelos said Sunday 's fragmented results in the Greek election show voters do n't trust "  any party on its own . " But he has said he wants Greece to stay in the eurozone . Samaras said his New Democracy party would be willing to participate in a national unity government "  provided it ensures Greece 's stay in the euro " and a revision of the bailout agreements with the country 's foreign lenders . Earlier , Samaras said it will be tough to form a "  viable government , " but he said , "  There is still hope . " Speaking to other members of parliament earlier , Samaras accused the leftist Syriza party , which placed second in the elections , of "  populism " and a desire to take the country to new elections . Samaras said any new elections would mark a battle "  between the pro-European parties and the anti-European left . " Tsipras said Greece is no longer bound by austerity promises made in return for rescue loans . Tsipras has also demanded an examination of Greece 's massive debt and a moratorium on part of its repayment . Tsipras said Venizelos wants a government participating in the policy of the bailout . But Tsipras said "  the refusal to take part is not given by Syriza but by the Greek people . " "  Venizelos and Samaras are sticking to the points that they signed in the bailout , " Tsipras said after meeting with Venizelos . "  They want a pro-bailout government with a left alibi . " "  No government has the right to stick to the measures of the bailout , " Tsipras said . An opinion poll Thursday shows that Syriza would come in first if fresh elections were held , with nearly 28 % of the vote , much higher than the 16.8 % that landed the party into second place during this week 's elections . PASOK and New Democracy , the two parties that have been dominating political life in Greece for decades , have seen their popularity plummet as a result of the two bailouts and the austerity measures dictated in the programs . The poll shows that if elections were held New Democracy would slightly increase its position to 20.3 % , while Pasok 's popularity would suffer an even steeper decline to 12.6 % . Last year , Greece 's debt threatened to force it to drop Europe 's common currency , the euro , prompting the European Central Bank and other lenders to swoop in with emergency funding . In exchange , they demanded that the government slash spending . The resulting measures have led to tax increases and cuts in jobs , wages , pensions and benefits -- and significant public outcry . The national unemployment rate for January , the latest month for which figures are available , was nearly 22 % , prompting widespread protests and leading some young people to leave the country in search of work . Youth unemployment is even higher than the national average of one in five out of work . For two years , the country 's massive amount of debt has threatened the stability of the eurozone . Greece pushed through a huge debt swap in March to save it from disorderly default and clear the way for it to receive a second bailout from the European Union , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund , worth â ‚ ¬ 130 billion  $ 171.5 billion  . The debt restructuring deal gave some breathing space to the eurozone bloc , where fears that Greece might collapse had increased pressure on other debt-laden nations such as Spain and Italy .	NEW : Politicians in Greece hold unsuccessful talks to form a government NEW : Socialist PASOK leader to meet with Greek president A poll find leftist Syriza party growing in popularity New elections must be called if a new government is n't formed by Thursday
CNN  -- Denny McLain is a recognizable name to almost any baseball fan , especially in Detroit , where he played most of his MLB career . But even his best friends do n't recognize him after a 162-pound weight loss . "  I met a friend yesterday . I had n't seen him in a year . He was sitting two tables across from me , " McLain said . "  He did n't recognize me . He finally said , ` It 's not you , only half of you . ' I said , ` The other half is gone . " When McLain broke into pro baseball , he weighed around 185 pounds . He was known during his playing days for consuming a case of Pepsi every day . This habit , he said , added 10 pounds a year to his 6-foot-1-inch frame . McLain made a life-changing decision to have bariatric surgery last June . Bariatric surgery can be done a few different ways -- either by reducing the size of the stomach with a gastric band , by removing a portion of the stomach  often called a sleeve gastrectomy  or by resecting and re-routing the small intestines to a small stomach pouch , known as gastric bypass surgery . McLain had a sleeve gastrectomy . McLain said his stomach once weighed about 55 ounces . It now weighs about 4 ounces . Since the surgery , McLain has lost 162 pounds . He wo n't say exactly what he weighs now , but "  it 's the closest I have ever been to my playing days weight . " "  He 's doing remarkable , " said McLain 's physician , Dr. Carl Pesta . "  He 's followed the plan . He 's stayed on the plan . " While concern for his health played a role , McLain said it was his wife 's condition , not his , that prompted him to make this major life change . Sharon McLain was diagnosed with Parkinson 's Disease a year ago . "  The quickness of the disease has been quite shocking , " McLain said . "  My doctors both took me aside and said , ` Sharon is sick . Two things can happen . One is good . One is bad . The good thing : You have heart attack and die . Bad news : If you have a stroke and do n't die , who is going to take care of you ? How much help can you be ? ' " McLain said his wife has an athlete 's competitive nature in her , thanks in part to her father . Lou Boudreau was an eight-time MLB all-star as a player , and manager and member of Baseball 's Hall of Fame . Sharon has lost her sense of balance , McLain said , and has difficulty walking . But she 's "  a fighter . " "  It 's a battle every day , " he said of Parkinson 's . "  You never have two good days in a row . " McLain only eats one meal a day , snacking on nuts and drinking flavored water the rest of the day . upwave : Try it now ! Drink more water challenge "  That 's not a diet I would recommend for every  one  , but it seems to work for him , " Pesta said . "  He has his energy back ; he is moving well . " McLain was known as a carefree player on and off the field , though he had his share of ups and downs . In 1968 , he became the last pitcher to win 31 games in a season  a record many think never will be broken due to the different handling of pitchers today  . He was the Cy Young winner , the Most Valuable Player Award winner and on the cover of Time magazine that season . He was also an excellent organist -- a talent that evolved into a side career , including an endorsement deal for Hammond Organs , playing on "  The Ed Sullivan Show , " headlining performances in Las Vegas , and cutting a pair of albums . In true McLain style , he bought his own airplane and learned to fly it himself . He was also suspended in 1970 for being linked to a gambling ring . He has served time in prison twice , for cocaine possession in 1985 and for embezzlement and money laundering in 1996 . He was in bankruptcy court three times . His wife divorced him during his second prison stint , but the couple remarried after his release . In 1992 , his oldest daughter , Kristin McLain-Sutherland , was killed by a drunk driver , only three days after her wedding day . On the day McLain spoke to CNN , it was the anniversary of her death . "  We 've only had two bumps -- the day I lost my daughter , a monster bump , and the last 13 to14 months , with Sharon 's illness , " he said . "  Life throws bumps at everybody . " While his wife cheered for McLain during his playing days , now it 's the other way around . "  The worst part is the depression , such serious depression , " McLain said of her diagnosis . "  Nobody likes to live like this . You need cheerleaders around you all the time . " It 's easier for him to be there for her now with his weight loss . "  I was in a wheelchair 75 % of the time " before the surgery , he said . "  I have a real bad right knee -- when you are carrying around another 162 pounds , it really took its toll . I was embarrassed by that . " McLain now mentors others who have gone through the bariatric procedure . "  You have to deal with it , " he tells them . "  Anybody out there who has this problem , we can call it ` being fat ' or ` heavyset ' or ` big boned ' -- whatever you want to call it . I was fat . We 're all kind of sheepish about it . " McLain now fills his days with public appearances , promoting his two books , "  Nobody 's Perfect , " and "  I Told You Nobody 's Perfect . " He also keeps up with his seven grandchildren , attending many of their sporting events . And he helps raise money for other causes , including the Ted Williams Museum in Florida . Williams was manager of the Washington Senators ; he and McLain often battled during McLain 's short stint with the team . "  It 's been 35 years since I have been in this sort of shape , " he said . "  I can do things now I could never do . "	Denny McLain was an MLB pitcher for the Detroit Tigers McLain had a sleeve gastrectomy after his wife was diagnosed with Parkinson 's McLain has lost 162 pounds since the surgery
CNN  -- That Chris Smith made an inspiring , gorgeous video of himself juggling around Iceland earlier this year , and that it 's been viewed more than 700,000 times on YouTube , is n't all that surprising once you get to know him . The 28-year-old from Lake Tahoe , California , has been juggling for 16 years , performing at Los Angeles Lakers and Clippers basketball games , in Las Vegas and abroad . With his skills , it was a natural transition to audition for the Blue Man Group , which promptly cast him and sent him to perform in Blue Man theaters in New York , Chicago and Orlando , and as part of a national tour . Now in Los Angeles to pursue acting and writing  in between Blue Man fill-in work  , Smith is still basking in the midnight sun of Nordic stardom . CNN : How has becoming an Internet sensation changed your life ? Chris Smith : I now only eat the finest meats and drink only vintage wines . Hardly . Haha , nothing is different . I just think it 's a nice feeling that people took something positive away from the video . That maybe they got to see that juggling can be more than just a guy in a sequin tie performing as an opening act for a magician . Not that there 's anything wrong with that ! CNNGo in Reykjavik CNN : Is juggling a normal part of your travels or was this just a one-off bit of inspired fun ? Chris Smith : Juggling is a part of my life ! I always carry some beanbags around with me , but I juggle mostly just to relieve stress and have fun rather than perform . Iceland was an exception . I had just purchased a new camera and the idea struck me while I was driving around the country . It was really supposed to be a fun way to show family and friends my trip , and to try an experiment with the camera . CNN : Did your juggling attract attention from locals ? Chris Smith : For the most part in Iceland , I was on my own . I did , however , have to accept the fact that I was some random dude juggling for goats in the middle of nowhere . How to be a Reykjaviker CNN : With all the juggling near cliffs and water , did you lose any balls while shooting the video ? Chris Smith : I can proudly say that I did n't lose a single one . I definitely dropped them down hills and ravines , but I managed to get them back . CNN : Juggling aside , what was the best part of Iceland ? Chris Smith : The dramatic beauty of the country . I literally felt like I was on another planet . Driving around , you get this feeling sometimes like you 're the only one in the world who knows this place exists . It kinda feels like a well-kept secret . 11 of Reykjavik 's coolest bars CNN : Has the popularity of this video inspired more travel/juggling projects ? Chris Smith : Absolutely ! I made another POV video immediately afterward that tracks my journey from Hawaii to New York City , which garnered quite a few strange looks , as there are a few more people in New York than the countryside of Iceland . CNN : How long have you been juggling ? Chris Smith : Since I was 12 . I learned on a family road trip to Yellowstone  National Park  as our RV kept breaking down , stranding us in repair shops across America . In a cafÃ © in the middle of nowhere I found a book called "  Juggling for the Complete Klutz " that came with three beanbags . I begged my dad to get it for me , to which he said the magic words : "  Yeah , right . Like you 'll ever use that . " The gauntlet was thrown . I have n't stopped juggling since . CNN : Do you perform live ? Chris Smith : I do n't perform as often as I did in college , when I was known as The UCLA Juggler . You can Google image it for a laugh . It was a position I pitched to the marching band director as a potential "  alternate option " to a baton twirler . He went for the idea , and as a result , I ended up performing with the UCLA marching band at football and basketball games around the country . That branched out into solo performances at Lakers and Clippers games as well as some gigs in Vegas and abroad . Since doing Blue Man , I have n't had as much time . Elf School spills secrets of Iceland 's ` Hidden People ' CNN : How many countries have you been to ? Chris Smith : Probably 20 . CNN : Best country/destination for juggling ? Chris Smith : That 's tough to say . Iceland is obviously up there because of the response to the video , but I 'd probably have to say Nepal is the best/most memorable juggling location for me . I went trekking there for a month in 2010 with a couple friends and brought five juggling beanbags along . I pulled them out on occasion and performed at various villages up in the Himalayas -- it was pretty clear that most of the locals had never seen anything like it . One time that sticks out in particular , was when our bus from Kathmandu to Duerali -LSB- a village in the mountains -RSB- got a flat tire and we had to pull off while they fashioned some sort of janky , quick-fix to keep the bus from falling apart . The bus was packed inside , and there were about twenty people sitting on the roof . While we were waiting , I stepped outside and did an impromptu juggling show . More people crammed on top to watch , and after the bus was fixed , they stayed sitting up there . A few miles down the road , blood started to drip down the front windshield . Which , we later found out was because too many people were on the roof and someone sat on a chicken cage . I still carry a little bit of guilt for my association with that chicken 's death . Although , they cooked it up in the next village and all was right again . CNN : Where can people see more of your work ? Chris Smith : My juggling persona is That Juggler Guy . You can see some of my juggling videos here . You can see some of my sketch videos here . And check out the Blue Man Group . You never know , I might be in the show you 're watching !	POV video has gone viral on YouTube Juggler Chris Smith says he was impressed by the beauty of Iceland Smith has been juggling for 16 years
CNN  -- The past 24 hours have left the city of London stunned . A brazen attack on a serving soldier in the British army , brutally hacked to death in broad daylight in the southeast district of Woolwich , has sparked fear , anger and a search for answers -- but also moving tributes to the man who died . Many Britons , including soldiers , used photo-sharing service Instagram to post picture tributes in the hours following the attack . Shock at the incident moved user Ali Martin to create her own impromptu memorial -- a candle with a remembrance poppy , worn by many in the UK during Remembrance Sunday in November , when those killed in war are honored . "  I live very close to where this happened and wanted to light a candle in remembrance for the soldier , " she said . "  It will stay alight all day . " British PM condemns brutal attack on soldier in London A particularly popular tribute was of armbands emblazoned with the name of the charity Help for Heroes , a British armed forces organization that supports wounded soldiers . The British soldier was reportedly wearing a T-shirt with the organization 's logo when he was attacked . Chelsey Hampson-Carroll showed off her Help for Heroes armband , along with her army camouflage jacket . "  I wanted to show my support , " she said . "  I am a British soldier myself  and  I wear my wrist band with pride . " Instagram user Jordan Rees posted an image of himself wearing the band both in sympathy and in protest against such attacks . "  In light of  these  events I think it 's especially important that we show sympathy for those directly affected , solidarity with military personnel , and also resilience in the face of a political ideology that would like to see our society and way of life destroyed , " he said . Meanwhile in Woolwich itself , resident Felix Rios captured a poignant image of a black flower placed at Woolwich Arsenal train station Thursday morning . "  People on the streets of Woolwich are quiet , " he observed . "  You could feel in the air that something horrible had happened , just no-one talks openly about it . " What are your thoughts on the incident ? Have you created your own tribute ? Send us your images , thoughts and experiences .	Instagram users posted tributes to soldier killed in brutal London attack Several serving members of armed forces among those honoring dead man "  I wanted to show my support " says one user of the photo-sharing website
CNN  -- Two women died Saturday -- one of them after being swept away moments after being inches from her would-be rescuers -- due to raging floodwaters in San Antonio , which braced for yet more drenching rains . At one point Saturday , a storm and subsequent floods had knocked out power to about 12,000 customers and spurred the closure of dozens of streets in the Texas city and the surrounding county , authorities said . Scores of people had to be evacuated due to floods and other issues , and Fire Chief Charles Hood noted there had been about 250 water-related calls -- in addition to ones for things like medical emergencies , accidents and more -- in the first 15 hours of Saturday . The greatest concern had to do with people getting too close to fast-moving , deceptive and unpredictable floodwaters . "  We 're asking folks to observe low-water crossing  warnings  , to use common sense and to stay off the road if possible , " Mayor Julian Castro said . The first confirmed fatality -- a woman around age 30 -- was reported around 7:30 a.m.  8:30 a.m. ET  , and her body was about three hours later , police Chief William McManus said . Some time later , an older female driver went into water that was 4 feet above flood markers . Firefighters got to her vehicle and broke a window -- with one firefighter cutting his hand -- Hood explained . Then , as the would-be rescuers tried to get her from her vehicle , "  the currents changed and washed that vehicle away , " the fire chief said . The woman 's car had rolled on top of rescue boat , forcing out the firefighters who 'd been in it , fire department spokesman Christian Bove later explained . By the time the firefighters were able to climb back into the boat , her car had become submerged in about 25-foot deep water and was gone . Hood characterized authorities ' subsequent efforts to find this woman as "  a body recovery . " Described as being in her late 60s , the victim was found dead inside her vehicle around 6:45 p.m. , Bove said . "  You can imagine how emotionally spent you are to try to rescue somebody , you 're face-to-face with them , and then they 're washed away , " Hood said of his distraught firefighters , who 'd gotten so close to rescuing the woman only to lose her . The chief warned more people may be missing and perhaps dead . Firefighters happened to spot this woman going into the water before they rushed to rescue her ; there may be others , Hood pointed out , who firefighters or others do n't see get trapped in floodwaters . "  Turn around and do n't drown , " multiple officials repeated at a Saturday news conference . The problems began with torrential rains late Friday that continued into Saturday , triggering flash-flood warnings across South Texas . The weather was windy and wet and included a reported tornado on Friday in Bexar , just west of San Antonio , that knocked down trees and power lines and caused "  minor building damage , " according to the National Weather Service . San Antonio International Airport received 9.57 inches of rain Saturday morning alone , CNN meteorologists said . The city 's Leon Creek was at 27.1 feet at 2:16 p.m. Saturday -- well above the flood stage of 15 feet . "  Disastrous flooding puts near 7 feet of flow in buildings in the jet engine test facility at Kelly AFB , " the National Weather Service said . "  Secondary and primary roads and bridges are severely flooded and dangerous to motorists above Highway 90 to below  Interstate 35  " Flood warnings have also been issued for the San Antonio River , Medina River and Salado Creek , all of which are above flood stage . The weather service forecast that storms "  could produce heavy rainfall " sometime after In an interview with CNN affiliate KENS , San Antonio resident Mary Alice Galicia described how water enveloped her house . "  It was underwater 20 minutes ago , " she said earlier Saturday . "  I came over here . I own the property , and my daughter said that she could n't get to her car . Her car 's all flooded . The property -- the water 's all swarming through the whole house . I just came over to check to see what I could do , but there 's nothing that I can do right now . " Galicia does n't have flood insurance because she "  never imagined this would happen , " she said . "  But it 's not stopping . I thought it was gon na stop , " she said about the water damage . San Antonio 's previous record flooding in 1998 was devastating , caused by heavy rains throughout south Texas and by a plume of moist air from Hurricane Madeline off the Mexican west coast . A total of 11 people died in San Antonio that weekend , with property damage estimates at $ 750 million , a city report said . In all , the south Texas flooding killed 31 people during that October 1998 weekend : 26 drownings , two tornado deaths , two heart attacks and one electrocution-drowning , a federal report said . At least 17 of the drowning victims were in vehicles driving into the water or swept away by rising water , the U.S. Commerce Department report said . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo , Michael Martinez and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	NEW : A woman swept away as firefighters tried to rescue her is found dead , spokesman says NEW : Her car was in the water when it struck her would-be rescuers ' boat She 's the second woman in San Antonio to die due to the flooding Several rivers and creeks in and around the Texas city are well above flood stage
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton answered her critics . North Korea threatened theirs . As the week comes to an end , here 's a look back at these stories and other international news that developed , including a surprising election in Israel and a growing humanitarian crisis in Syria . Clinton in Benghazi hot seat At times angry and choked with emotion , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton appeared before two congressional committees Wednesday and answered questions about her department 's handling of the attack that killed four Americans , including a U.S. ambassador , in Benghazi , Libya , last year . While Clinton was mostly calm and composed during the two hearings , which lasted more than five hours in all , she became visibly frustrated when Sen. Ron Johnson , a tea-party backed Wisconsin Republican , said the American public was deliberately misled . "  With all due respect , the fact is we had four dead Americans , " Clinton said , banging her hand on the table . "  Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night decided they 'd go kill some Americans ? What difference , at this point , does it make ? It is our job to figure out what happened and do everything we can to prevent it from ever happening . " What did we learn from Wednesday 's testimony ? Here are five of the key themes , including what Clinton did on the day of the attack . Clinton also warned of a growing security threat in North Africa , saying there was "  no doubt " that weapons from Libya were used in last week 's attack on an Algerian natural gas plant . Which leads to ... The future of terrorism ? There are still outstanding questions over the Algerian standoff , which resulted in the deaths of at least 37 hostages . Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , the North African branch of al Qaeda , has claimed responsibility for the attack . Algeria said the attack was retaliation for letting France use its airspace in its offensive against Islamist militants in Mali . The question now is whether this was an isolated act of revenge or , as Clinton alluded to , an ominous sign of things to come in the region , where Islamist militants are quickly gaining traction . One expert believes we might be seeing the future of terrorism . "  Europe has become a difficult environment to conduct large-scale terrorist incidents , and America even more so , " said Raffaello Pantucci , a senior fellow at the Royal United Services Institute , a British-based think tank that specializes in defense and security issues . "  But at the same time , groups desire to attack Western targets both for ideological reasons and to attract attention to their cause has not diminished . The net result is that they will aim to target Westerners where they can find and reach them . " North Korea 's defiant threat The U.N. Security Council adopted a resolution Tuesday condemning North Korea 's recent rocket launch and expanding sanctions against the country . But North Korea remains defiant , saying it plans to carry out more long-range rocket launches and another nuclear test . It also vowed an "  upcoming all-out action " to target the United States , which it called "  the sworn enemy of the Korean people . " By Friday , South Korea had been threatened as well . The U.S. envoy to North Korea responded by saying the U.S. would ultimately judge North Korea by its actions , not by its words . Some experts say the U.S. should give up on negotiation altogether and take a tougher stance . North Korea has conducted two previous nuclear tests -- one in 2006 and one in 2009 -- but analysts say it does not have the technology to mount a nuclear warhead on a missile . Israel 's surprising election As many expected , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his right-wing party received the most votes in Tuesday 's national elections . But the surprising second-place finish of the centrist Yesh Atid party -- led by Israeli TV personality Yair Lapid -- might convince Netanyahu to form a more moderate government coalition rather than a hard-right bloc .  In Israel 's Knesset , coalitions must be built because no single party ever wins a majority of seats . "  The pundits did not understand what Israeli society was thinking and feeling , " said Marcus Sheff , executive director of the Israel Project , an advocacy group . "  Instead of the far right , they went to the center . ... They were saying , ` Let 's go to those values , the values Israel was established on , liberal Israel , secular Israel , moderate Israel -- an Israel where peace with our neighbors is important but security is also important . ' " The high voter turnout also confounded critics as the Israeli public "  turned out to be far more engaged than many had imagined , " wrote Josh Block , CEO and president of the nonpartisan Israel Project . Syria 's humanitarian crisis As many as 20,000 Syrian refugees flooded Jordan this week , according to the nation 's foreign minister and refugee officials . There are now nearly 700,000 people who have fled Syria for neighboring countries , straining resources in places like Jordan , Lebanon and Turkey . CNN 's Ivan Watson visited a refugee camp in Turkey where a U.S. delegation arrived Thursday . He had an exclusive interview with the U.S. ambassador to Syria , who described how the U.S. has given $ 210 million in humanitarian aid and $ 35 million to help the Syrian political opposition . "  The assistance is going in , " Ambassador Robert Ford said . "  It 's things like tents , it 's things like blankets , it 's things like medical equipment , but it does n't come in big boxes with an American flag on it because we do n't want the people who are delivering it to be targeted by the Syrian regime . " Ford said the needs are gigantic and that much more aid is needed , but he stressed that even with help from the U.S. and other countries , "  it has to be Syrians who find their way forward . " Other notable stories from this past week : -- Britain 's Prince Harry reveals that he killed Taliban militants during his tour in Afghanistan . He also spoke out for the first time about his notorious Las Vegas trip and the nude photographs that surfaced . -- People from northern Mali share harrowing stories about the cruel punishments now being inflicted by Islamist militants there . -- A journalist embedded with U.S. troops in Afghanistan describes how the troops are using a "  tough love " approach , stepping back so that their Afghan counterparts have no choice but to assume more responsibility and take over the fight . -- A 56-year-old British woman caught carrying more than 10 pounds of cocaine in her suitcase has been sentenced to death in Indonesia .	This week , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was grilled on the Benghazi terrorist attack North Korea responded to expanded U.N. sanctions by issuing more threats Israel 's election results were n't exactly what the experts were predicting Syria 's civil war has prompted nearly 700,000 people to flee to neighboring countries
If something can connect to a network , it can be hacked . Computers and phones are still popular targets , but increasingly so are cars , home security systems , TVs and even oil refineries . That was the message at this year 's Black Hat and DefCon computer security conferences , which took place last week in Las Vegas . The annual conferences draw a mix of computer researchers and hackers who present the latest bugs and vulnerabilities they 've discovered . It 's a combination of public service , business and sport . These are some of the more popular targets covered at this year 's conferences . By drawing attention to them , the "  white-hat " hackers hope to encourage greater security from the various manufacturers and industries , and more vigilance from consumers . Typically , the presenters inform manufacturers of bugs ahead of their talks so the companies can fix the issues before they are exploited by criminals . Remote-controlled cars Someone hacking your computer can be an inconvenience . Someone hacking your car can be deadly . A pair of presentations on hacking cars kicked off the DefCon conference on Friday . Australian hacker Zoz outlined the security issues fully autonomous cars will face and said car-hacking is inevitable . Autonomous vehicles like cars and drones are essentially robots , and they rely on sensors to operate . He said a hacker could theoretically take complete control of a car over wireless networks or trick its various sensors into feeding a motorist false information about location , speed and the proximity of other cars or objects . Fully driverless cars are still a few years away , but computerized systems are common in vehicles on the road today . Electronic control units can control a range of car functions , including braking , accelerating and steering . They manage security features , in-car displays and even seat belts . Researchers Charlie Miller and Chris Valasek , funded by a grant from the U.S. military 's DARPA , looked into what kind of damage hackers could do to a car by taking control of a Toyota Prius and a Ford Escape . To access the systems , they had to physically connect a computer to the cars through a diagnostics port . They wrote custom software that let them hijack the cars ' systems . Once in control , they disabled brakes , changed the display to show incorrect speed or gas levels , and messed with the steering and seat belts . They were able to kill the engine and toy with with less consequential features like the car 's horn and lights . Toyota played down the wired demonstration and said it is focusing on security measures to prevent wireless attacks . Compromising smartphones Attacks on personal computers used to be the bread and butter of cybercriminals , spawning a lucrative industry of black-market malware and the anti-virus programs that fight them . The next big target is smartphones . Mobile devices are not impervious to attacks , even though walled-off app stores have kept much of the malware at bay . Kevin McNamee demonstrated how a piece of malware could turn an Android smartphone into a "  spy phone " that remotely monitors its owner , sending information on the location , communications and content , like photos , back to a third party . The hack is n't new , but McNamee managed to inject the malicious code into popular apps like "  Angry Birds . " Once it was installed , the user would have no idea that their phone was acting as a remote surveillance device . Verizon "  femtocells " -- small boxes used to extend cell service -- were hacked by security researchers at iSEC Partners to intercept calls and any other data sent over cellular networks like texts , images and browsing history . The wireless carrier issued a fix for all its femtocells , but researchers say other networks could still have the same issue . With $ 45 in hardware , researchers Billy Lau , Yeongjin Jang and Chengyu Song turned an innocent-looking iPhone charger into a tool for gathering information such as passcodes , e-mails and other communications , and location data directly from the smartphone . Apple thanked the researchers and said it is deploying a fix for the bug in its iOS 7 software update , which comes out this year . The too-smart home Thanks to cheap , low-power sensors , anything in your house can become a "  smart " device , helpfully connecting to the Internet so you can control it from a computer or smartphone . Smart home security devices have the potential to cause the most damage if hacked , and two separate demonstrations showed how to break in by opening "  smart " front-door locks . Another unsettling trend at the conferences was spying on unwitting people through their own cameras . Home security cameras could be disabled by someone who wanted to break in , or they could be turned into remote surveillance devices . One researcher showed how she easily took over the camera stream on a child 's toy from a computer . Researchers Aaron Grattafiori and Josh Yavor found bugs in the 2012 model of the Samsung Smart TV that allowed them to turn on and watch video from the set 's camera . Samsung said it had released a software update to fix the issue .  Many security experts suggest placing a piece of tape over any cameras you do n't want surreptitiously watching you , just to be safe . Hackers get personal Even in the wake of this year 's NSA revelations , a homemade surveillance device that sniffs out pieces of data from your various computing devices , even when they 're not online , is disturbing . Brendan O'Connor , who runs a security firm and is finishing a law degree , has created such a device , dubbed CreepyDOL  DOL stands for Distributed Object Locator ; "  Creepy " is self-explanatory  . The device cost $ 57 to make and consists of a Raspberry Pi computer , a USB hub , two WiFi connections , an SD card and USB power inside an nondescript black case . Computers and phones act as tracking devices and leak information constantly , according to O'Connor . When plugged in , CreepyDOL detects nearby phones and computers and uses them to track people 's location and patterns , figuring out who they are , where they go and what they do online . To demonstrate the device without breaking any laws , O'Connor showed his own information as sniffed out by one of the devices . Using a gaming engine and Open Street Maps , he hovered over his dot on a map . It brought up his name , e-mail address , a photo , the dating website he used , details about his devices and the locations he visited in town . In a worst-case scenario , as imagined by O'Connor , a miscreant could plug in one of the devices under any Starbucks near a capital building to pick up the scent of a state senator and wait for them to do something compromising . "  You find somebody with power and exploit them , " said O'Connor . The creation is remarkable for how simple it is . It 's likely others have similar knowledge and setups that exploit the same security flaws in applications , websites , devices and networks . Industrial facilities The most frightening targets highlighted at the conference were the opposite of personal . Critical infrastructure such as oil and gas pipelines or water treatment plants are potential targets for hackers . Many industries are controlled with supervisory control and data acquisition , or SCADA , systems . The systems are older , installed at a time when people were n't concerned about cyberattacks , and connect to the Internet over an unsecured network protocol . The reason the systems are online in the first place is so that they 're easier to monitor . Some , like oil pipelines , are often in remote locations . Multiple demonstrations at the conferences showed just how simple it is to hack energy systems . Researchers Brian Meixell and Eric Forner staged a mock hack of an oil well using pumps and a liquid container filled with teal liquid . They got into the system , turned the pumps on and off and overflowed the containers by feeding the system false data . If it happened on an actual oil well , the hack could result in an environmental catastrophe , according to the researchers . It 's possible to shut down an entire industrial facility from 40 miles away using a radio transmitter , according to researchers Carlos Penagos and Lucas Apa . They demonstrated injecting fake measurements , causing the device that received them to behave differently . For example , someone could trigger a water tank to overflow by faking an abnormally high temperature . The industries and U.S. government are aware that industrial systems are vulnerable , but their remoteness and age make upgrading difficult and expensive . There is no built-in system for releasing software patches , like there is with personal computers .	Security researchers showed the latest phone , home and car hacks in Las Vegas Smartphones were hacked through chargers , malware and femtocells Some cameras in computers , toys and smart TVs can be secretly viewed by third parties
Comic book fans meet Ms. Marvel , Marvel Comic 's first Muslim-American superhero . Kamala Khan , a fictional New Jersey teenager , transforms into Ms. Marvel in the debut of Marvel 's new monthly series in January , the comic book publisher said . "  At her core , Kamala is just a 16-year-old girl , exploring the many facets of her identity when she is suddenly bestowed with super-human powers that send her on the adventure of a lifetime , " Marvel Comics Editor In Chief Axel Alonso said . Kamala uses her powers to become like her idol , Captain Marvel , which "  challenges the very core of her conservative values , " Marvel 's announcement said . "  Like any teenager , all of her opportunities are in front her and she is full of potential , but her parents ' high expectations come with tons of pressure and has led Kamala to carve out a future that she has little interest in , " Marvel said . Ms. Marvel will be "  true-to-life , something real people could relate to , particularly young women , " writer G. Willow Wilson said . "  High school was a very vivid time in my life , so I drew heavily on those experiences -- impending adulthood , dealing with school , emotionally charged friendships that are such a huge part of being a teenager . " Wilson said . "  It 's for all the geek girls out there , and everybody else who 's ever looked at life from the fringe . " The inspiration for the character "  stemmed out of a desire to explore the Muslim-American diaspora from an authentic perspective , " series editor Sana Amanat said . "  This story is n't about what it means to be a Muslim , Pakistani or American , " Amanat said . "  Those are just cultural touchstones that reflect the ever changing world we live in today . This is ultimately a tale about what it means to be young , lost amidst the expectations bestowed upon you , and what happens when you get to choose . " Islamic superheroes change perceptions	Ms. Marvel , aka Kamala Khan , is a Muslim-American teen from New Jersey She uses her powers to become like her idol , Captain Marvel It 's "  a tale about what it means to be young , lost amidst the expectations , " editor says The series "  stemmed out of a desire to explore the Muslim-American diaspora "
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova has been hit by a new injury setback and will be sidelined for up to six weeks , according to the Russian 's tennis star 's personal Web site . Sharapova aggravated an elbow injury as she lost to China 's Zheng Jie in a marathon three-set match at the WTA event in Indian Wells . A later MRI scan revealed bone bruising to the elbow and she immediately pulled out of the prestigious tournament at Key Biscayne in Florida later this month . Sharapova told reporters that she had first felt the problem during last year 's U.S. Open at Flushing Meadows , but really started to feel it in the deciding set against Zheng in a two hours 43 minute encounter . "  I just felt like I could n't really extend it all the way . It was a little stuck . So it was going on for a while , but I thought it would be best to call the trainer , " she said . The three-time grand slam champion has suffered a string of injuries , culminating in serious shoulder surgery in October 2008 which saw her sidelined for nearly 10 months . She has steadily clawed her way up the rankings and was 10th seed at Indian Wells , but her performances in grand slams have been disappointing and she went out in the first round of the Australian Open to fellow Russian Maria Kirilenko . Sharapova admitted to reporters after her defeat to Zheng that she would liked to have moved up the rankings faster , but was still proud of her efforts , which culminated in a 21st career title on the WTA Tour in Memphis last month . "  I mean , I think I 'm doing a lot better than other people that have had shoulder surgery in their careers , " she said . "  Some people have never come back . I do n't know . What , I 'm 13 in the world or something ? That 's a lot better than some of the girls I 've lost to in the last year , " she added . Off the court , Sharapova 's appeal remains as strong as ever and in January she renewed her contract with Nike , signing an eight-year deal worth a reported $ 70 million .	Maria Sharapova faces between three to six weeks sidelined with elbow injury Russian tennis ace aggravated the injury during fourth round defeat in Indian Wells Sharapova was sidelined for 10 months after having shoulder surgery in 2008 She remains highest paid sportswoman in the world after signing new deal with Nike
Hong Kong  CNN  -- So little is known about North Korean leader Kim Jong Un that the identity of a woman seen by his side during more than one official engagement has sparked a flurry of speculation worldwide . Was the slim woman in the sharp black suit his sister , wife or even lover ? No one seems to know , and Andrei Lankov of Kookmin University in South Korea , an expert and author of a number of books on North Korea , said it was unlikely speculators would ever find out . "  Everything related to Kim Jong Il 's children is a deadly secret . No sane North Korean who knows it would share this out for very special reasons , " Lankov said . The mystery woman accompanied the young leader to a Pyongyang theater on Friday night to watch a performance of North Korea 's Moranbong band . The display included a cast of Disney characters , attracting the attention of The Walt Disney Company , which issued a statement Tuesday saying it had not authorized their use . Clinton says young North Korean leader ` has a choice ' Away from the stage , the young woman 's presence raised questions too about the purpose of the performance and the message the leadership was intending to convey . A statement released by the North Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  Saturday made no mention of either the Disney characters or the woman who was seen in official photos distributed worldwide standing and clapping at the end of the performance . Friday 's outing was n't her only high-profile appearance at the North Korean leaders ' side . The same woman was seen on state TV Sunday walking a few paces behind Kim as he toured Kumsusan Palace in Pyongyang , then standing to attention at Kim 's side as they and top military officials paid tribute to his grandfather Kim Il Sung , North Korea 's founding father , on the anniversary of his death . The presence of a female companion to the leader during an official engagement was unusual , Lankov said , and could be part of a campaign to present Kim as "  much more approachable , human-like and soft on people " than his father , Kim Jong Il . "  He travels much more than his father and even than his grandfather . He likes to hug everybody , physically hug . In this regard it 's probably he decided that it might be a good idea to hint that he does have a wife , " Lankov added . Definitely a wife , Lankov stressed , because the public appearance of a leader 's girlfriend or lover would be unthinkable . Even the wives of his father and grandfather stayed firmly in the shadows during their decades in power . "  When his grandfather 's first wife , if you like the founding mother of the dynasty , was alive , her name was never , never mentioned in media . Her existence was never even hinted at , " Lankov said . There was no reference to Kim Il Sung 's first wife before her death and for many years there was no mention at all of his second wife , Lankov added . "  It took 15 years before the existence of his wife , his second wife , was ever mentioned in press , " and even then it was in passing , he said . North Korean leader makes second public speech In South Korea , the image of Kim 's companion made newspaper headlines . A report in South Korean daily Chosun Ilbo said the woman "  seemed to be " Kim Jung Un 's sister , Kim Yeo Jung . "  Born in 1987 , Yeo-jong is now in her mid-20s . She apparently went to a school in Switzerland along with Jong-un in the 1990s , " the newspaper 's website said . Her brother Kim came to power in December 2011 after the death of their father , who led the impoverished country for 17 years . Very little was known about Kim when he was granted the title of supreme leader ; his age is still a source of speculation , though it 's thought he 's in his late twenties . "  Three years ago the only thing we knew about him was his existence , " Lankov said . "  Until , say 2010 , as far as I remember we did n't even know how his name was correctly spelt in Korean . " Lankov said it was too early to say whether the tweaks to Kim 's public image indicate change ahead for the country . "  This appears to be the beginning of some change , but what it 's too early to say . It might just be a minor change in style . It might be something more consequential , I do n't know . I would not speculate right now , " he said . Shooting hoops for peace in North Korea	Mystery woman seen with North Korean leader sparks speculation South Korean media speculates she could be his sister , girlfriend or wife North Korean expert said private lives of leaders shrouded in secrecy Woman 's presence was sign Kim was trying to soften his image , Lankov said
CNN  -- As a new round of French military strikes targeted Islamist rebels in Mali on Sunday , both sides of the fight said they were determined to win . French fighter jets bombed rebel training camps and other targets in northern Mali , France 's Defense Ministry said in a statement . "  France 's goal is to lead a relentless struggle against terrorist groups , " the ministry said , "  preventing any new offensive of these groups to the south of Mali . " Sunday 's air raids were the latest in French efforts supporting Malian government forces battling militant Islamist forces . Additionally , France has several hundred ground troops in Mali , where they may soon be joined by hundreds of troops from nearby African nations . The U.N. Security Council -- at France 's request -- will hold consultations Monday on the situation in Mali , according to France 's U.N. mission . As those talks proceed , so too will French air strikes , French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told Radio Europe 1 . "  We have to eradicate this terrorism , " he said . Islamist rebels in Mali acknowledged Sunday they suffered heavy losses in fights with the country 's military and French troops -- but it would n't stop them . "  This is a holy war . The deaths are normal , " Sanda Ould Boumama , spokesman for the al Qaeda-linked rebel group Ansar Dine , told CNN by phone . "  Our fighters are prepared to die for our cause . " One of Ansar Dine 's lieutenants , Iyad Ag Ghaly , was killed in the fight over the central town of Konna , security sources said . Who is Ansar Dine ? Insurgents took the town Thursday but retreated the next day after a combined air and ground assault . "  The war has only started , " said Boumama . "  We expect more casualties . " He accused the French military of attacking Malians . "  Now the world can see that it 's the French who are the real terrorists , " he said . But French and Malian military officials say the assaults are against rebel strongholds , not civilians . It was unclear whether there were any casualties Sunday . Residents in the northern town of Gao said they heard fighter jets ' roar and bomb blasts at a nearby Islamist rebel base . France 's Defense Ministry said they "  destroyed " multiple "  bases for terrorist groups " in the area Sunday . "  It 's still dangerous , even if they 're not targeting the population , " Habib Maiga , a teacher in Gao , said of the strikes . "  For the moment , the town is calm . Everyone is still inside , expecting a new attack . " Bodies lay on a road between the town and Islamist base , said Vieux Dada , another teacher in Gao . "  I believe they were Islamist fighters who tried to flee , " he said . Mali 's military has suffered heavy losses in previous clashes , including 11 soldiers killed and about 60 wounded in the battle for Konna , according to a government statement read on state TV . Additionally , a French helicopter pilot died while taking part Friday afternoon in an aerial operation targeting a terrorist group moving on the town of Mopti , near Konna , Le Drian said . What 's behind the instability in Mali A French colony until 1960 , Mali had military rulers for decades until its first democratic elections in 1992 . It remained stable politically until March , when a group of soldiers toppled the government , saying it had not provided adequate support for them to fight ethnic Tuareg rebels in the country 's largely desert north . Tuareg rebels , who 'd sought independence for decades , took advantage of the power vacuum and seized swaths of land . A power struggle then erupted in the north between the Tuaregs and local al Qaeda-linked radicals , who wound up in control of a large area as the Tuaregs retreated . The United Nations says amputations , floggings and public executions -- like the July stoning of a couple who had reportedly had an affair -- became common in areas controlled by radical Islamists . They applied a strict interpretation of Sharia law in banning music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television , and damaged Timbuktu 's historic tombs and shrines . Already , the armed groups ' activity and a pervasive drought have displaced hundreds of thousands of Malians . And the Islamists ' movement southward has raised concerns among leaders in West Africa and elsewhere , some of them calling for swift and decisive military intervention in support of Mali 's government , based in Bamako . The Economic Community of West African States plans to hold an emergency meeting in Abidjan , Ivory Coast , to prepare to send troops to Mali to help government forces , a spokesman for the organization said . West African troops are expected to number 3,500 and will operate in the framework of the United Nations resolutions , ECOWAS spokesman Sunny Ugoh said . The U.N. Security Council last month authorized a one-year military peacekeeping mission in the country . ECOWAS members pledged thousands of troops , and the Security Council has urged other nations to contribute forces as well . French officials earlier expressed reluctance to send troops to Mali , amid a broader vow to scale back their military involvement in Africa . So the decision to get involved in Mali -- a mission French President Francois Hollande said "  will last as long as necessary " -- underscores how concerned they are about the situation there . French hostages have been taken in neighboring Niger by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , and Paris appears intent on containing any further militant expansion in the heart of Africa . On Sunday , a Twitter post from the office of Mali 's president said Canada , Britain and the United States agreed to provide logistical support . British Prime Minister David Cameron agreed to "  provide logistical military assistance to help transport foreign troops and equipment quickly to Mali , " but no British personnel in a combat role , a Downing Street spokesman said . The U.S. military is weighing options , including logistical support and intelligence sharing with France , a U.S. defense official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because no decisions have been made , said Saturday . "  This is a serious issue , and ... the United States is committed to going after terrorists wherever they may be in order to protect American interests , but also those of our partners and allies around the world , " Pentagon spokesman George Little said last week . Journalist Katarina Hoije and CNN 's Vladimir Duthiers and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.N. Security Council will meet about Mali on Monday France assists Mali 's military in the battle to halt Islamist rebels linked to al Qaeda A rebel spokesman admits casualties and adds , "  Our fighters are prepared to die " France is in "  a relentless struggle against terrorist groups , " government says
CNN  -- It 's one of the smallest countries in Africa , and one of the poorest in the world , but Burundi is showing the way in the development of tennis on the continent . Ravaged by civil war since gaining independence in the 1960s , its relative recent political stability has helped it embrace a sport that is battling to maintain its foothold in the planet 's second-largest land space . Africa has not produced a grand slam singles finalist since Kevin Curren at the 1985 Wimbledon Championships , while Wayne Ferreira reached the semis of the Australian Open for the second time in 2003 and former world No. 3 Amanda Coetzer was similarly successful in ' 96-97 . Kevin Anderson is currently the continent 's top-ranked player at No. 35 , and yet another South African -- Chanelle Scheepers -- is its top woman at 92nd . But the future may lie in a country which is rebuilding itself after conflicts which saw more than half a million people killed and mass migrations of its fleeing population . Burundi will soon open Africa 's third high-performance tennis center , after Pretoria and Senegal 's Dakar , plus host a series of top age-group tournaments and an international event . "  We would like every country in Africa to replicate the experience of Burundi , " the International Tennis Federation 's development projects administrator Frank Couraud told CNN . "  They are not rich , but they really wanted to have this center . I met everyone from the government -- the vice-president , the minister of sport , the Olympic committee . They value tennis very much . " It 's not an attitude that 's prevalent in Africa , where tennis ranks below sports such as football and athletics when it comes to government funding . The ITF has three development officers across the continent and supports national tennis federations with equipment and skills programs aimed particularly at young children , but its resources are limited . "  It 's very difficult to fight against football -- it 's the sport in Africa and they are doing so well , " Couraud said . "  In a country like Kenya , if you speak to the Olympic committee for funding for coaches , they say our priorities are track and field because this is where we get the medals . "  We need more funding . We would love to see the governments being more committed to developing the game . If you look at our budget  $ 4.3 million each year  it 's what  soccer 's ruling body  FIFA gives to maybe one or two nations . There 's a huge discrepancy . " Burundi has also produced a potential future star in Hassan Ndayishimiye . The 17-year-old was included in the ITF 's grand slam team for Wimbledon this year and surprisingly made it to the second round of the boys ' singles . Ranked only 112th in the juniors , he received a wildcard into the qualifying draw and beat three players well above him to progress into the main section . It 's a small step , but has earned him a place in the team to tour North America ahead of September 's U.S. Open along with Madagascar 's Zarah Razafimahatratra -- who 's in her second year with the program . With Tunisia 's Ons Jabeur winning the 2011 French Open junior girls ' title , having been runner-up in Paris last year , there are signs that the ITF 's development work in Africa is producing results . "  We have to focus on these players who have got through the systems , who are very talented , who have big hearts , " Couraud said . "  When you see Hassan or Zarah on the court they give 200 % , they work very hard . We give them the right opportunity now so one day they become professional tennis players -- and then suddenly other African kids will relate to these players . "  When Yannick Noah won the French Open in 1983 , in Cameroon and many countries kids identified and wanted to play tennis because they saw Yannick winning . Even to have players in the top 100 on the professional circuit , I 'm sure this is going to have a positive effect . " But it 's a huge step from being a good junior to a successful professional , especially in a place where travel and equipment are more expensive than the U.S. or Europe . "  If you want to buy equipment in Africa , sometimes a city does n't even have a sports shop that sells rackets . If they do , it 's three times the price in Europe , " Couraud said . The Frenchman estimated that a top-20 junior might have only a 50 % chance of making it -- and it could take at least four years to crack the top 100 in the seniors . It can cost $ 70-80 ,000 a year to fund top coaching and tournament travel , so the best option for African players -- for those who have adequate schooling -- has traditionally been to win a college scholarship in the United States . That was Anderson 's route , following the likes of compatriot Liezel Huber and Zimbabwe 's Black siblings Byron and Wayne -- who won grand slam titles in doubles events , as has their sister Cara . "  It 's a very good option . One of the problems of being in South Africa is we 're pretty far from the tennis scene . The amount of flying you 're going to be doing , the expense of that is pretty high , " Anderson told CNN . "  Recently a lot of juniors have ended up going to college in the States . There are a lot of tournaments there , you can play a lot of matches in the spring and during the summer you can actually go and play in the professional tournaments . " The 25-year-old , now based in Chicago , won his first ATP Tour title in February at his home SA Open , which returned to the men 's circuit in 2009 after a 13-year absence . He said the tournament has provided much-needed visibility for tennis in South Africa , where rugby , cricket , soccer and golf are dominant . "  The toughest thing is a lack of quality exposure . A lot of South African players are pretty sheltered when they go out there for the first time , " Anderson said . "  For myself it took me quite a few years to feel completely comfortable , regardless of who I was playing . You do n't always know the person and it 's easy to build them up in your eyes . You 've got to play some guy who 's got two coaches and an administrator , and you 're there by yourself -- sometimes it 's pretty daunting . " While Anderson believes Africa needs more high-profile singles players like Curren , Ferreira and Coetzer to grow the game , his former compatriot Huber is not so sure that it will change the status quo . Born in Durban , she went to the Van der Meer academy in Hilton Head , South Carolina , at the age of 15 in 1992 after being frustrated by her lack of opportunities back home . "  I was already playing an age group up and winning those tournaments , and the federation did n't have any more money to send us anywhere , " the U.S. citizen said . "  It was an unfortunate time , it was around when apartheid ended , and if anything it should have been a time when South Africa got the boom , but really it was society trying to figure it out -- where do we stand , where do we fit in . "  It was a confusing time . A lot of people were let go of their jobs and other people were hired and tennis in South Africa went through a dip there . " Huber was able to take up the academy place only after its owner Dennis van der Meer offered her a cut-price rate of $ 150 a week -- and even then her father had to beg the air fare from a local businessman . "  In South Africa I do n't think they are looking at it as a business . That 's kind of what hurts the most , " said the 34-year-old , who has won six grand slam doubles titles and been ranked No. 1 in the discipline . "  When Wes Moodie and I won Wimbledon doubles titles in 2005 , I actually thought it would change tennis in South Africa . Nothing changed . Maybe there 's more important things to spend money on , maybe tennis is not important . "  Maybe it 's more important for the government to build schools . I 'm not there so I 'm not sure why tennis is not getting funding . But it shows . " Her disappointment with the tennis authorities in her former homeland grew when they refused to pay for her plane ticket for an important Fed Cup teams match . "  We had the opportunity to get back in the World Group -- and they did n't pay my ticket , " said Huber , who has since represented the U.S. at the Olympics and in Fed Cup . "  We had Amanda Coetzer in the top-10 at the time , but having a good singles player did n't raise the profile . I do n't know what it will take . " Huber has sponsored an under-15 girls ' tournament in South Africa for almost a decade , and has offered to train players for free at the tennis ranch she runs in Texas with her husband Tony , but has been disappointed with the response from South African Tennis . "  In four years we 've had three kids over . We were there  South Africa  in March and did a clinic for kids -- it was a big disappointment . We thought we might see the next Ferreira or Coetzer , but the talent was n't there , " she said . "  I thought it would be a huge event , wanting to give something back , but the organization just was n't there . I ended up using some of the balls I brought back from Australia . The facilities are the same as when I grew up . It 's an eye-opener that it has n't changed . "	African tennis is struggling to produce top-level professional players Aspiring stars face big obstacles if they are to establish themselves on tour One of the best ways is to win a college scholarship in the United States Otherwise African players are not exposed to top-level competition while they are young
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  A tense Ferguson is waiting to hear whether a St. Louis County grand jury believes Officer Darren Wilson should stand trial in the fatal shooting of unarmed teen Michael Brown . The grand jury hearing evidence plans to meet Friday for what might be its final session . A decision on whether to charge Wilson could come the same day , law enforcement officials briefed on the plans said . Jurors have until January , but the prosecutor 's office has said a decision could come this month . For weeks , lawyers , analysts and journalists have speculated on when it will be announced . Ferguson became a flashpoint for racial tension after the teen 's shooting ; Brown , 18 , was black , the officer is white . Street demonstrations and violence erupted , and heavily armed police came face to face with angry protesters demanding justice . Some predict that will be the case again when the grand jury 's decision is announced . Along West Florissant Avenue , the ground zero of violent protests , businesses put back the plywood boards they had taken down from their windows and doors . What happens next ? If a decision comes Friday , prosecutors are expected to provide law enforcement with 48 hours notice before making a public announcement , possibly on Sunday . The current plans could still change and prosecutors could shift the planned grand jury session , the law enforcement officials said . Prosecutor Robert McCulloch has said he plans to make public all evidence and testimony presented to the grand jury , but there is growing concern on how to deal with identities of people who have testified , the sources say . There are concerns some witnesses could be put at risk once their testimony and identities become public , law enforcement officials said . In some cases , witnesses might have testified differently under oath , providing different accounts than the ones they gave in media interviews , the official explained . Others may have provided testimony that may be interpreted as helpful to the officer 's account of the August 9 shooting . The prosecutor 's office said it has n't decided whether to redact names of witnesses . ` Three months to prepare ' St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson has said his officers are ready for whatever happens . "  We 've had three months to prepare . ... Acts of violence will not be tolerated , " he said . "  Our intelligence is good . Our tactics are good . We can protect lawful people and at the same time arrest criminals . " St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay wrote the city 's aldermen to explain that 400 National Guard troops would be requested for the city . They will be placed with police officers at 45 locations around the city to prevent violence and property destruction . The city 's police will wear normal uniforms , as "  we do not want to appear to militarize our response to the demonstrations and want to do everything we can to de-escalate , " the mayor wrote , adding that police may don riot gear if public safety demands it . "  If our officers put on their personal protective gear , it is not to intimidate peaceful protesters . It is for the sole purpose of keeping everyone safe , " he wrote . Area school superintendents wrote a letter to city officials and authorities requesting that they announce the grand jury 's decision on an evening or weeknight so it does n't affect about 20,000 students traveling back and forth to schools . Many parents received notice to fetch their children from school if the decision comes out earlier in the day . A group of community member has asked for 48 hours ' notice before the ruling is made public . It also released 19 "  Rules of Engagement " that touch on major points of contention between protesters and police . The group wants assurances that neither police nor the government will interfere with the flow of information , as well as a guarantee that police wo n't use rubber bullets , armored vehicles , rifles or tear gas . The group also requested that officers wear attire "  minimally required for their safety " and that "  specialized riot gear be avoided except as a last resort . " Nationwide response Brown 's shooting on August 9 also touched a national nerve , with protests decrying racism and police brutality taking place around the country since his death . The Ferguson National Response Network expects that reaction to the grand jury ruling will not be limited to the St. Louis area . It has set up a Tumblr account advertising almost 100 "  planned responses " to the ruling . They will take place from West Palm Beach , Florida , to New York , Chicago and Los Angeles . Brown 's supporters have turned out in force , but Wilson 's supporters have demonstrated on occasion as well . CNN 's Jake Tapper contributed to this report .	St. Louis police chief says his officers are ready for all scenarios Grand jury weighs evidence to determine whether Officer Darren Wilson will face charges Wilson fatally shot Michael Brown in August , setting off protests
New Delhi  CNN  -- Police in India blasted protesters with water cannon and tear gas Saturday as clashes broke out at a rally in New Delhi against rape , leaving scores of people drenched and angry . The demonstration was prompted by wide public outrage over what police said was the gang-rape and beating of a 23-year-old woman on a moving bus in the capital last Sunday . Her injuries were so severe she spent days in intensive care in a city hospital , battling for her life . Police said Saturday that she had recovered enough to give a statement to a magistrate from her hospital bed the previous evening . Dozens of police , some equipped with bamboo canes , flanked the water cannon as it blasted out on to the thousands of protesters assembled by New Delhi 's historic India Gate . Some demonstrators attempted to break through the security barriers blocking access to the country 's government district , parliament building and presidential palace . Others chanted , punched the air in defiance and waved banners as the police sought to disperse them from Raisina Hill , the seat of Indian power . "  Hang them till death , " read the placard of one protester seeking capital punishment for rape suspects . "  Stop this shame , " read another . A third said , "  Give them the same physical torture . " Shouts of "  We want justice " also rose above the large and diverse crowd , symbolizing a widely felt anger over attacks against women . Banners proclaiming the same message were marked with a hangman 's noose . Surviving rape : iReporters speak out One young woman protester , who said her leg was injured by a blow from a police baton , lamented what she called a failure of democracy in the country . "  Today , I have seen democracy dying , " she said . New Delhi 's police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said up to 35 protesters and nearly 40 police personnel were injured . Thirty barricades were damaged in the course of the protest , he said , and police fired 125 tear gas shells . A number of vehicles were also damaged , he said . Saturday 's furious protest was just the latest held across the country in the past week , where official data show that rape cases have jumped almost 875 % over the past 40 years -- from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 . New Delhi alone reported 572 rapes last year and more than 600 in 2012 . Bhavyaa Sharma , a 19-year-old student at a leading women 's college in the capital , told CNN how she fears for her safety when she leaves the campus . Sexual assaults on women in the city have horrified her and her female friends . "  I feel vulnerable here , " said Sharma , accompanied by her classmates . "  I am very sure about it . Delhi is not safe for women . " Opinion : Rapes show that Indian society needs a new attitude Six suspects , including the bus driver and a minor , have now been arrested in connection with Sunday 's rape . As fury about the assault gathered pace , some Indian lawmakers even called for treating rape as a capital crime . "  We 'll work collectively to see we make a law which is deterrent and preventive , " said New Delhi 's chief minister , Sheila Dikshit . India 's Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde told reporters Saturday that the government would work toward increasing punishment in "  rarest of the rare " rape cases . But pressed on whether the administration would agree to demands for death by hanging in such instances , he said : "  We 'll have to see in what way it  the rape sentencing  can be enhanced . " Shinde said the government was pushing for a speedy trial for the attack . Authorities are also taking a number of steps to improve security for women in New Delhi , particularly on public transport , he said . "  The  government shares the widespread concern and support that has been expressed throughout society for the girl who has so suffered . Government also respects the right of legitimate protest , " he said . "  At the same time , there is need to exercise calm at this juncture and for everyone to work together to improve the safety and security environment . " In the meantime , the victim has been promised the best possible medical care , Shinde said . A physician described the woman 's condition Saturday as better than a day earlier , but said there was still a risk of infection . She is receiving psychological as well as medical care , he said . Read more : Indian girl seeks justice after gang rape Following the brutal assault , the country 's human rights body shot off notices to city police and federal authorities , demanding an explanation . "  The incident has raised the issue of declining public confidence in the law and order machinery in the city , especially in its capacity to ensure safety of women , as a number of such incidents have been reported in the national capital in the recent past , " the National Human Rights Commission said in a statement Tuesday . Home Secretary R. K. Singh announced the suspension of five police officers in the wake of Sunday 's rape . Meantime , some observers say anti-women acts in India stem from the country 's largely patriarchal social setup . Indians ' preference for sons over daughters , for example , has manifested itself in a worrisome population imbalance . The 2011 census of the world 's second-most populous nation recorded an alarming drop in the percentage of girls among country 's preschoolers . For every 1,000 boys up to 6 years old , the census counted 914 girls , a drop from 927 a decade ago . It 's illegal in India to abort a child because of its sex , but such abortions happen , often aided by illegal clinics . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh and Mallika Kapur reported from New Delhi , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London .	Dozens of people are hurt in protests in New Delhi 's government district Police blast anti-rape protesters with water cannon , fire tear gas Demonstrators wave banners , chant "  We want justice " Police say a 23-year-old woman was gang-raped , badly beaten on a New Delhi bus
CNN  -- Singer-songwriter Paul Simon said Monday that he and wife Edie Brickell "  had an argument " before they were arrested Saturday . Brickell , in a statement sent to CNN by her lawyer , said she started it . "  I got my feelings hurt and I picked a fight with my husband , " Brickell said.Â "  The police called it disorderly.Â Thank God it 's orderly now " Simon and Brickell were arrested on disorderly conduct charges by police investigating a family dispute at their New Canaan , Connecticut , home Saturday night , according to police . "  Investigating officers gathered information and found probable cause to arrest " Simon , 72 , and Brickell , 47 , a police statement said . The couple was released from custody Sunday morning . They held hands when appearing before a judge in the Norwalk Superior Court Monday . "  Edie and I are fine , " Simon said . "  We 're going to see our son 's baseball game this afternoon . " The judge declined to issue a protective order that would have kept Simon and Brickell apart . Their case was continued until May 16 . Simon and Brickell live in New Canaan , an affluent Connecticut community about an hour 's train ride from Manhattan . The town is home to a long list of rich and famous . Simon is half of the legendary duo of Simon and Garfunkel that , starting in the 1960s , had hits including "  Bridge Over Troubled Water , " "  Mrs. Robinson , " "  The Sound of Silence " and "  Scarborough Fair . " His solo career has spanned four decades and produced hits including , "  Still Crazy After All These Years , " "  Graceland " and "  50 Ways to Leave Your Lover . " Brickell has one chart hit , titled "  What I Am , " with her 1980s rock group Edie Brickell & New Bohemians . She has also recorded with Simon during their 22 years of marriage . CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report	NEW : "  I picked a fight with my husband , " Edie Brickell says "  Edie and I are fine , " Simon says Judge declines to issue a protective order separating the couple Police investigate a "  family dispute " Saturday night
CNN  -- At least 121 people were killed and 45 injured in an explosion at an ammunition factory in southern Yemen on Monday , medical sources said . The death toll was expected to rise , said the sources , who asked that they not be identified because they are not authorized to speak to the news media . Two of them work at Republican Hospital in Abyan . Most of the dead and injured were locals who had been ransacking the factory after it was taken over Sunday by militants , security officials said . The explosion took place in Abyan Province , they said . It comes after months of demonstrations against Yemen 's President Ali Abdullah Saleh , and a weekend of violence between government forces and the local al Qaeda group . Fighting over the past two days between Yemeni security forces and members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula left people on both sides dead , Yemeni security forces said Sunday . Saleh has been fighting to hold onto power , arguing that he is best equipped to lead the fight against Islamists . Three "  al Qaeda terrorists were killed " and six others were arrested in Lawdar district , Yemen 's official news agency Saba reported Saturday . Also Sunday , seven Yemeni soldiers were killed and seven others were wounded when members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula attacked them in Marib , two security officials said . The attack took place at a military checkpoint a mile north of the government complex in Marib Province , east of the capital , Sanaa . The attackers used grenades and machine guns , and took two military vehicles from the checkpoint , the security forces said . After the fighting Saturday , the Yemeni government said it was a sign that strong measures are needed to combat instability within the country . Saba reported that Governor Saleh al-Zawari of Abyan Province affirmed "  the importance to enhance security performance to strictly confront any attempts to disturb security and stability in the governorate . " Yemen has been facing protests from people citing government corruption , a lack of political freedom and high unemployment . Calls for Saleh 's ouster have increased in recent weeks following revolutions in Egypt and Tunisia . Saleh has ruled since 1978 . Saleh said Sunday he will not offer any more concessions , and he described the opposition as an alliance against the country 's majority , according to Saba . "  I derive my strength from the people , not from the tank , " Saleh was quoted as telling a session of the General People 's Congress Standing Committee . Opposition leaders rejected the president 's comments . "  Saleh has not learned a lesson from the millions who are demanding he step down , " said Yaseen Noman , president of the JMP , the country 's largest opposition bloc . "  All the different initiatives and negotiations that take place are only there for Saleh to buy himself more time , " he said . "  Saleh 's lies show the world that he must leave power -- and people understand this , " Noman added . "  Our demands are simple : He must leave office . This is not open for negotiation . " The country has been wracked by a Shiite Muslim uprising , a U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda operatives and a looming shortage of water . Saleh has been a staunch U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates was asked last week about how the United States sees cooperation with Yemen if Saleh were to step down . "  We have had a good working relationship with President Saleh , " Gates told reporters during a trip to Cairo . "  He 's been an important ally in the counterterrorism arena . But clearly , there 's a lot of unhappiness inside Yemen . And I think we will basically just continue to watch the situation . We have n't done any post-Saleh planning , if you will . " Saleh has said he accepts opposition demands for constitutional reforms and holding parliamentary elections by the end of the year . Saleh has also promised not to run for president in the next round of elections . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 121 die and 45 are injured when an ammunition factory explodes , medical sources say The dead and wounded were ransacking the factory , security officials say The blast comes amid anti-government demonstrations and a fight against al Qaeda President Saleh says he 's best equipped to fight the Islamists
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The negotiations are over . The treaty has been signed . The skies across the Atlantic are now open for free movement of flights between European and U.S. cities . Now the battle commences between airlines as they prepare for their new-found commercial freedom when the Open Skies agreement comes into action in March 2008 . The choice of transatlantic routes is set to increases with the advent of the Open Skies agreement . The main beneficiaries of increased competition between airlines are likely to be business travelers . And while they may not see a dramatic reduction in ticket prices , they can look forward to a greater choice of flights from a greater number of airlines as well as an increase in business-only services . Airlines with the strongest brands and best quality products are likely to lure passengers away from European rivals by launching flights from other major European cities . British Airways has confirmed it will launch its first transatlantic flights from continental European cities once the agreement comes into place next year . And while it is not ready to confirm branding , types of aircraft , or even final routes , a BA spokesperson said likely contenders for new transatlantic routes will be from business destinations such as Paris , Frankfurt , Brussels and Milan . She also confirmed that , contrary to expectations , these flights would not be exclusively business class . Though they will offer premium cabins for business customers . Virgin Atlantic is expecting to place a greater focus on its business customers and has established a team to work towards the launch of business-only flights in 2009 . These will fly from airports such as Paris , Frankfurt , Milan and Zurich and the airline is currently in discussion with Airbus and Boeing to place orders for between 10 and 15 aircraft . Virgin and BA are both confident they can entice customers away from European national carriers due to the strength of their brands and service offering . As Paul Charles , director of corporate communications at Virgin Atlantic says , "  we are seen as a truly global brand and well-placed to compete with the quality of business services currently coming out of cities such as Paris and Milan . " Open Skies will put an end to the exclusive arrangement granted to British Airways , Virgin Atlantic , United Airlines and American Airlines to fly transatlantic out of Heathrow . As a result , airlines including BMI , Continental Airlines and Northwest Airlines are all lined up to launch direct transatlantic flights from Heathrow from next year . But with the airport currently operating at almost-maximum capacity , it is likely that new flights will be limited . Airlines operating from other airports , in particular the new business-only players such as Eos , Silverjet and Maxje , will , however , see an opportunity to expand their own services across the Atlantic . Joshua Marks , executive vice president for planning and development at U.S. business-class airline , Maxjet , says it expects to "  strengthen its position at Stansted " as a result of the Open Skies agreement . "  With more flights moving from Gatwick to Heathrow , three major airports will become two in London . " As such , he adds , Stansted could become the default airport for travelers coming from and to the east of the city . Now that the U.S. Department of Transport has given approval for Maxjet to launch flights from Stansted to other countries with open skies agreements with the U.S. , business travelers in London should also be able to pick up Maxjet flights to destinations such as India . Maxjet has confirmed that it will not fight for slots at Heathrow , which Marks says has become an "  operational nightmare . " Yet , other premium-only services are not ruling out the move . Silverjet , currently operating out of Luton , has been in discussion with  un-named  airlines interested in striking deals to launch flights out of Heathrow . Opportunities have been offered for flights to U.S. cities such as Los Angeles , says Lawrence Hunt , Silverjet 's chief executive . "  This is an ongoing dialogue , " he says . But before they make the move , they would need to see major changes to facilities at Heathrow in order for it to offer the "  personalized , discreet and carefree " travel experience Silverjet offers customers from Luton . "  Heathrow has become a zoo and the customer experience has become appalling , " he says . Airline executives agree that growth in transatlantic flights as a result of the Open Skies agreement will be aimed at business customers . As Hunt says , airlines have little else to offer , or gain , in terms of economy long-haul seats . And as Charles at Virgin points out , given the success of the new business-only entrants and the simultaneous ongoing demand for its business class seats , "  there 's clearly a market out there for business-only flights . " While there may be some softening of prices from Heathrow as airlines fight for slots , few expect prices for business travelers to drop dramatically as a result of the Open Skies agreement . As BA 's spokesperson says , UK to North America is already a very competitive market . "  It is not as if we are moving from a monopoly , " she says . Despite this , there is still a great deal to offer business customers and those that will make the most of the opportunity , says Anthony Concil , spokesperson from IATA , will be the most innovative . "  We have created a new playing field and it is up to players to make the most of that and for governments to take the agreement forward towards further liberalization . " E-mail to a friend	Open Skies agreement lifts restrictions on transatlantic air services British Airways and Virgin will launch flights from European capitals Business-only services set to expand across London airports
The West African nation of Senegal is free of Ebola , the World Health Organization declared Friday , congratulating the country on the diligence that enabled it to repel the threat . Senegal had only one case , a man who had entered the country by road from Guinea , where he 'd had direct contact with an Ebola patient . The government 's response included identifying and monitoring 74 close contacts made by the man for signs of infection . It also introduced prompt testing of all suspected cases , increased surveillance at entry points to Senegal and nationwide public awareness campaigns , the WHO statement said . The patient recovered from Ebola and tested negative for the virus on September 5 , the statement said . He 's since returned to Guinea . Since then , 42 days have passed -- double the maximum known incubation period for the virus -- without another case , allowing Senegal to be declared free of Ebola . When the case was first detected , WHO treated it as a public health emergency it said , sending a team of epidemiologists to help local health officials and international partners such as Doctors Without Borders manage the situation . "  The most important lesson for the world at large is this : An immediate , broad-based , and well-coordinated response can stop the Ebola virus , carried into a country in an infected traveler , dead in its tracks , " WHO said . WHO sounded a note of caution , however , given that Senegal shares a border with Guinea , a hotspot for the disease along with Sierra Leone and Liberia . "  While the outbreak is now officially over , Senegal 's geographical position makes the country vulnerable to additional imported cases of Ebola virus disease , " it said .	The World Health Organization declares Senegal free from Ebola The country had only one case , an infected man who entered by road from Guinea He recovered and 42 days have now passed without another case emerging , WHO says "  An immediate , broad-based , and well-coordinated response can stop the Ebola virus , " it says
Rome  CNN  -- Thousands of mourners gathered in southern Italy on Tuesday for the funeral of 38 people killed when their bus plunged off a bridge as it returned from a visit to a Catholic shrine . Italian Prime Minister Enrico Letta was among those who attended the service in the village of Pozzuoli , near Naples . He said on Twitter that Tuesday would be a national day of mourning for the victims . An estimated 5,000 people turned out for the funeral , held in a sports arena , a spokeswoman for the Naples police said . The bus was traveling east of Naples in Avellino province when it crashed late Sunday . The passengers had participated in a weekend pilgrimage to the Padre Pio shrine in Pietrelcina . Rosario Cantelmo , the Avellino prosecutor who is coordinating the investigation , told CNN that the bus driver -- who was among those killed -- is the focus of inquiries . An autopsy on the driver 's body should be completed in the coming days , Cantelmo said . Andrea Regione , a photographer for the Corriere dell ` Irpinia newspaper , told CNN that the bus went off a bridge and fell roughly 30 meters  almost 100 feet  into a heavily wooded area below . Photos from the scene showed a broken guardrail and the bus lying on its side . Avellino police official Pasquale Picone said the bus struck 11 cars on the road before falling off the bridge , leading police to suspect the bus had brake problems . But the exact cause of the accident remains unknown . The funeral in Pozzuoli comes only a day after a somber memorial Mass in Spain for 79 victims of last week 's train crash outside Santiago de Compostela . Journalist Barbie Latza Nadeau contributed to this report .	NEW : Investigations are focused on the bus driver , the chief prosecutor says NEW : Some 5,000 mourners attend the funeral of 38 people killed in the bus crash -- police Prime Minister Enrico Letta is among those at the service in Pozzuoli The bus plunged off a bridge as it returned from a weekend visit to a Catholic shrine
CNN  -- Monday , it was the pool . Tuesday , Myra Murray took her family to a recreation center . "  We 've just been going from place to place with the kids , just trying to give them some way to cool down ... and now to eat , " Murray told CNN affiliate WJLA-TV . She spoke at one of the six sites District of Columbia Mayor Vincent Gray opened to distribute boxed lunches to residents , many of whom lost the means to prepare meals and saw refrigerated items spoil . As temperatures sizzle , fireworks are even more risky Some of the millions without power after deadly heat-driven storms struck the area Friday flocked to malls , libraries , pools and most any other public place with electricity to seek relief from a massive heat wave blanketing much of the nation . As of Tuesday evening , about 1.2 million customers scattered across 11 states , from Indiana to Delaware , had no electricity , down from about 1.8 million overnight -- and a peak of 4 million on Friday night and Saturday , just after the storms hit . A household is considered one customer , so the actual number of people without power is higher . The total included some 326,000 in West Virginia , 291,000 in Ohio and roughly 223,000 in Virginia , along with about 96,000 in metropolitan Washington , D.C. Utility and government authorities said some residents may not get electricity back until the end of the week . "  This has been quite an ordeal , " Mayor Gray told HLN 's "  Evening Express , " stressing the need for greater responsibility on the part of the local power company . "  We need a game change . We need to speak not so much about how quickly we restore power , but how do we reduce the likelihood of this happening again in the future , " he said . Extreme heat warnings were issued Tuesday for portion of Illinois , Indiana , Missouri , Kentucky , Ohio and Michigan , with the National Weather Service saying that those areas would be scorched with temperatures near or above triple digits . Heat advisory warnings were in place for a handful of states , including parts of Nebraska , South Dakota , Wisconsin , Minnesota and Iowa . Cities and towns in the Midwest , Mid-Atlantic and Southeast have already endured temperatures in the high 90s and above 100 degrees since , in some cases , the middle of last week . It 's all part of a system tied to the breaking or tying of more than 2,238 hot weather records nationwide between June 25 and Sunday , according to the National Climatic Data Center . Triple-digit strategies for staying healthy Frustrations were mounting for many . Residents of Boone County , West Virginia , said Monday their region was among the hardest-hit , telling CNN affiliate WSAZ-TV they 're not getting help . "  We have a pool and we have a generator , but a lot of these people have nothing , " said Stacy Peters of the Prenter community . "  It makes you want to sit down and cry . " She said , "  I know they have a job to do and  power lines  are down everywhere , but you know what ? Send somebody down here to check on us . Or set a cooling center up here for us or see if we need water . " The nearby community of Wharton set up a cooling center but said water and ice are in short supply . "  Ever since Saturday , we 've had people -- 40 , 50 , 60 people -- waiting to get some relief and it 's just not coming , " said Carlos Jarvis of Wharton . "  People are in dire straits , really . " About 20 roads were closed in West Virginia on Tuesday , down from a high of about 70 on Monday , said Terrance Lively , spokesman for the state 's Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Management . Just after the storm on Saturday , some 680,000 customers were without power , he said . Some 100 major transition lines went down during the storm , he said , but did not know how many were still down Tuesday . "  This is the worst outage we 've ever had , " said Jeri Matheny , spokeswoman for Appalachian Power , which serves most of southern West Virginia . She said it 's hoped power would be restored to all customers by midnight Sunday . Crews from 11 states were helping restoration efforts , she said . "  We 'll end up rebuilding large pieces of an infrastructure system in five to seven days that took decades to build , " and crews are working in 16-hour shifts , said Scott Surgeoner , spokesman for FirstEnergy Corp. , which covers the state 's northern half . He said the company hopes the "  bulk " of the 125,000 customers lacking power will be restored by Wednesday night , but some outages will stretch into the weekend . At least 17 people were killed from Ohio to New Jersey in the derecho , a massive storm packing straight-line wind damage , while another three in North Carolina died in a second round of storms Sunday . Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell said Tuesday the number of storm deaths in his state had risen from 10 to 11 . Photos : Storm damage in Washington , D.C. Ken Mallette , executive director of the Maryland Emergency Management Agency , compared the damage to that seen after Hurricane Irene last year . "  We got a hurricane punch without a hurricane warning , " he told CNN on Tuesday . His agency is most concerned with 36 critical care facilities , such as nursing homes , that were operating on generator power , he said . The Pepco power company , which serves the D.C. metro area , drew criticism from many for its response time , but Mallette said , "  We 're not going to sit here and rate Pepco or any other utility . ... That is one thing that will be dealt with in an after-action issue . " For now , he said , "  we 're not going to be happy until we have every Marylander back online . ... We have zero tolerance . We want that power back on yesterday . " July Fourth celebrations were canceled in several Maryland locales , including Kensington , Germantown , Rockville and Gaithersburg , officials said . Bone-dry and hot conditions forced fireworks cancellations in other areas . Traffic lights remain out in many hard-hit locales , including around the nation 's capital , yet another reason for headaches . "  A lot of detours , a lot of lights that are out  and  some that are spotty , " said Larry Simmons , a frustrated commuter in southern Maryland . "  A lot of congestion , a lot of discourteous drivers . " Gadgets to help you survive a power outage CNN 's Brian Todd , Ashley Hayes and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We need a game change , " says District of Columbia mayor Number of customers without power falls to 1.2 million Death toll from heat-related storms rises to 20 Washington sets up food distribution centers
"  Go back to sleep . " Groggy from a night of drinking , that 's precisely what James Landrith did . The next morning , Landrith -- who was 19 at the time -- woke up in a bed that he quickly realized was not his own . As his haze lifted , he recognized the woman who ordered him to sleep the night before as a friend of a friend . He remembered she asked for a ride home after their mutual friend left the nightclub where they 'd been partying . He remembered the woman was pregnant and bought him drinks as a thank you . He remembered feeling disoriented , and her suggesting a motel room to sleep it off . He even remembered lying down with his pants on , uncomfortable taking them off in front of a stranger , only to awaken later and find the woman straddling him . What he did n't remember was saying "  yes . " The morning after , that familiar voice told him that he could hurt the baby if he put up a fight . Then , he says , she forced herself on him again . A few minutes later it was over . One night in a motel twin bed turned into years of self-examination . It took some time , and the help of a therapist , to get there : "  I was finally able to call it what it was , " he says . Landrith had been raped . That was 1990 . Since then , Landrith -- a former Marine based at Camp Lejeune -- has spoken out on behalf of sexual assault victims , in particular men who were victimized by women . He did n't seek prosecution of his alleged rapist , but he wants other victims to feel free to talk about sexual assault and pursue justice without shame . "  I want people to understand that it 's not about how physically strong you are , " he says . "  We -LSB- men -RSB- are conditioned to believe that we can not be victimized in such a way . " According to a 2010 report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , nearly 1 in 5 women and 1 in 71 men in the United States have been raped . The actual number is likely higher , experts say , as incidents of sexual violence are severely underreported in the United States -- particularly among male victims . Experts say any sexual assault victim requires extensive emotional and psychological healing after the incident , but male survivors have a harder time putting words to what happened . In 2012 , the FBI 's Uniform Crime Report made a significant stride by redefining rape as : "  The penetration , no matter how slight , of the vagina or anus with any body part or object , or oral penetration by a sex organ of another person , without the consent of the victim . " The prior definition -- "  the carnal knowledge of a female , forcibly and against her will " -- had n't been changed since 1927 , and sexual assault awareness groups say it alienated victims that did n't fit the mold . Veteran confronts rape , suicide : ' I am angry that others are going through this ' "  Often , male survivors may be less likely to identify what happened to them as abuse or assault because of the general notion that men always want sex , " says Jennifer Marsh , the vice president for Victim Services at RAINN , an anti-sexual violence organization . "  Males have the added burden of facing a society that does n't believe rape can happen to them ... at all , " says psychotherapist Elizabeth Donovan . She says gender roles dictate that males are expected to be strong and self-reliant -- men are viewed as those who seek sexual conquests instead of those who "  fend them off . " The concept of female-on-male sexual assault has recently gained traction on the Web via the ever-provocative entertainer Chris Brown . Brown recently revealed shocking details to Decca Aitkenhead in the Guardian about his first sexual encounter . "  He lost his virginity when he was 8 years old , to a local girl who was 14 or 15 . Seriously ? ` Yeah , really . Uh-huh . ' He grins and chuckles . ` It 's different in the country . ' " Tom Hawking of FlavorWire is one of many writers who took umbrage with this particular anecdote , asking in an article , "  Why Is No One Talking About the Fact That Chris Brown Was Raped ? " Trauma recovery counselor Stephanie Baird says men who experience sexual attention as children , as Brown did , often explain it to themselves as "  I 'm a stud , I got laid by ... " "  They do this in order to feel as if they had some power and say , " she says . In addition to this macho posturing , there 's also the hot-for-teacher or - babysitter complex that is a popular motif in modern American culture . U.N. study in Asia delves into why men rape "  Because of the culture of ` Mrs. Robinson ' it can be much more difficult for a male to even recognize that the action is abusive or without consent , " Baird says . Consent , she says , means "  being of age , mind , sound body to make an informed decision about whether one would like to become sexually intimate with the other person . " Children can not consent . The chatter over Brown comes in tandem with recent research published in the journal JAMA Pediatrics that says nearly 1 in 10 youths between 14 and 21 years old have reported perpetrating some type of sexual violence in their lifetime . The study also found that males and females carried out sexual violence at strikingly similar rates after the age of 18 -- 52 % of males and 48 % of females . The study classified sexual violence into a few categories : foresexual or presexual contact  kissing , touching , etc. against their will  , coercive sex , attempted rape , and completed rape . Women were more likely to instigate unwanted foresexual contact . For male sexual assault victims of any age , convincing others that they 've been preyed upon is difficult as well . Experts say the general disparity in physical strength comes into play -- ca n't a man fight off a woman ? "  It 's a tough call ; people think men ca n't be raped and they do n't understand that in the confusion no still means no , " says Curtis St. John , a representative for MaleSurvivor , a national support group for male sexual victimization . Further muddying the water is the fact that some men can perform sexually , even including orgasm , and still be raped . In an article in the Journal of Clinical Forensic Medicine , Roy J. Levin and Willy Van Berlo found that even in men who have not consented to sex , slight stimulation of the genitals or an increase in stress can create erections "  even though no speciﬁc sexual stimulation is present . " " ` Were you aroused ? ' " is a question posed to male victims , St. John says . "  You do n't hear it with female rape victims . It 's an interesting question that men get asked . " Long-term effects of being sexually assaulted can include post-traumatic stress disorder  PTSD  , substance abuse , avoidance of intimacy or the stark opposite -- hyper-sexuality , says St. John . "  Some men feel a need to prove their masculinity by becoming hyper-masculine , " Donovan says . As for coping , Marsh at RAINN says it 's never too late to reach out for help . But with the stigma attached , survivors may not feel comfortable talking to their friends and family because the victims themselves have n't defined their experience as assault . For Landrith , it starts with confronting rape for what it is and sharing experiences . "  Whenever you talk about male survivors , women have it statistically worse , but it 's not a competition -- and we each need our time to talk about it , " he says .	Female-on-male sexual assault is underreported , according to the CDC Male victims have a harder time defining what happened to them as assault , experts say New study shows nearly 1 in 10 youths  aged 14-21  have perpetrated sexual violence
CNN  -- The European Tour confirmed its support for a ban on belly putters Monday -- potentially placing it at odds with its rival U.S. PGA Tour -- who are opposed to the new rule change which is due to come into force in 2016 . It was responding to a 90-day consultation , which was launched by the Royal and Ancient Golf Club  R&A  and the United States Golf Association  USGA  after the sport 's governing bodies announced their intention to outlaw the practice of putting with a club anchored to a player 's stomach . At the end of last month , the PGA Tour and the PGA of America went public with their opposition to the proposals in their response to the consultation . The statement from the European Tour read : "  The European Tour has confirmed its support for the R&A and the USGA and their proposal for rule 14-1b - the prohibition of anchoring any club when making a stroke under the Rules of Golf . " But chief executive George O'Grady revealed that there had been opposition to the change among the 15-strong members of its Tournament Committee . "  Our members support the unique role played by the governing bodies in formulating the Rules of Golf . " he said . "  Additionally , virtually all of our Tournament Committee and player representatives support the proposed rule even though they are aware , and have taken into account , the fact that some members and especially our senior members use the anchored method . " O'Grady 's PGA Tour counterpart Tim Finchem said last week that it was "  not in the best interests " of golf for the proposed change to be implemented . He added : "  In the absence of data or any basis to conclude that there is a competitive advantage to be gained by using anchoring , and given the amount of time that anchoring has been in the game , that there was no overriding reason to go down that road . " While supporting the ban , O'Grady said he respected the PGA Tour 's stance . "  We understand the points put forward by the PGA Tour and the PGA of America and respect and sympathize with their views , which are based on their experience and the evidence before them , and have been expressed with great concern for the game . "  The whole issue has received far greater focus and comment in the United States than in the rest of the world , perhaps because of the numbers of their golfers using the anchored method , and the set up in general terms of their golf courses and the firmness and speed of their greens . " The issue of the use of long-handled belly putters was drawn into sharp focus by the success of golfers such as American Keegan Bradley , the first to win a major using the technique , and veteran South African Ernie Els , who claimed the British Open last year after switching to the method . The top two golfers in the world , Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods , have both spoken in favor of a ban . If the respective major tours were to go their own way it could lead to a situation where players could use different putters in events on either side of the Atlantic . It would not be the first time there was a divergence in rules on equipment . European Tour events , including the British Open , used a smaller diameter ball of 1.62 inches against the bigger 1.68 inches diameter ball adopted in the United States , until it was outlawed by the R&A in 1974 , bringing about eventual worldwide standardization . An added complication in the belly putter row is the support of the USGA for the proposed change , meaning the U.S. Open , which it runs , would join the British Open , promoted by the R&A , in outlawing anchoring . But the U.S. PGA Championship , which comes under the auspices of the PGA Tour , would allow it .	European Tour supports ban on long-handled belly putters Rule change from 2016 would outlaw method of anchoring putter to the stomach U.S. PGA Tour opposes ban as does PGA or America Star players such as Keegan Bradley and Ernie Els use the belly putter
CNN  -- The U.S. Justice Department is reviewing a request from 13 states on how to acquire an execution drug no longer made in the United States and whether the federal government would share its supplies , a federal spokeswoman said Wednesday . The sole U.S. manufacturer of sodium thiopental , an anesthetic used as part of the lethal three-drug cocktail , announced last month that it would stop making the drug because the producer never intended it to be used to kill people . The U.S. shortage of sodium thiopental , also used as an anesthetic for brief surgical procedures , may force states to postpone executions and has forced them to look outside the country for a supply or come up with alternatives . Those substitutes have n't been without controversy . In December , Oklahoma used an anesthetic commonly used to euthanize animals to execute John David Duty for killing a cellmate . Additional controversy surfaced last week about the drug 's shortage when six death row inmates filed a federal lawsuit seeking to prevent the Food and Drug Administration from importing the drug , saying the imports may be unsafe . In a letter last month to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , the attorneys general in 13 states said injection is the execution method in the majority of states with a death penalty , and protocols in those states use sodium thiopental , "  an ultra-short-acting barbiturate . " "  Sodium thiopental is in very short supply worldwide and , for various reasons , essentially unavailable on the open market , " the letter said . "  For those jurisdictions that have the drug available , their supplies are very small -- measured in a handful of doses . The result is that many jurisdictions shortly will be unable to perform executions in cases where appeals have been exhausted and governors have signed death warrants . "  Therefore , we solicit your assistance in either identifying an appropriate source for sodium thiopental or making supplies held by the federal government available to the states , " the letter said . Justice Department spokeswoman Alisa Finelli said Wednesday that federal officials have received the communication . "  We 'll review the letter , " she said . Oregon is one of the 13 states signing the letter and has run out of the execution drug , said spokesman Tony Green of the Oregon Department of Justice . "  It 's pretty straightforward . We do n't have a supply of the drug so we 're looking for sources for them should we need them , " Green said . Oregon , which has n't had an execution since 1997 , does n't have any lethal injections scheduled , though more than 30 men are on death row , he said . All those cases are in various stages of appeal , he said . The other states signing the letter are Alabama , Colorado , Delaware , Florida , Idaho , Mississippi , Missouri , Nevada , Tennessee , Utah , Washington and Wyoming . Texas , which was n't part of the letter , performs the most executions in the country and is also facing a shortage of the drug , said spokesman Jason Clark of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice . Texas has enough sodium thiopental to carry out this month 's two scheduled executions , on February 15 and February 22 , but the state 's stock of the drug will reach its expiration date in March , Clark said . Texas has executions scheduled in April , May and July , he said . "  The agency is exploring all of its options at this point , including seeking an alternative source of sodium thiopental as well as seeking an alternative drug to use in a lethal injection process , " Clark said . Switching to an alternative drug could be done administratively , but switching to a different execution method would require legislative approval , Clark said . "  If we were to go to a firing squad , that would be a change in the execution method " requiring lawmakers ' approval , Clark said . In their recently filed federal lawsuit , death row convicts are seeking an injunction barring future imports of the drug and removal of supplies of the drug already in possession of state governments . The lawsuit represents inmates in Arizona , California and Tennessee . The FDA continues to allow states to import "  bulk amounts " of the drug for use in lethal injection without vetting it to ensure it meets regulatory standards , the lawsuit charges . "  The imported thiopental in question has not been listed with FDA , was manufactured by foreign companies that have not registered with FDA , and was exported by a wholesaler located in the United Kingdom , " says the lawsuit , filed in U.S. District Court in the District of Columbia . "  FDA has not determined whether the thiopental being imported into the United States is safe and effective , whether the imported thiopental is adulterated or whether the imported thiopental is counterfeit , " the suit says . An FDA spokesman declined to comment last week , citing the litigation .	Sodium thiopental is part of three-drug cocktail used in lethal injection The U.S. manufacturer of the drug said last month it would stop making the drug 13 states that use the drug in executions are asking feds if they will share their supplies Meanwhile , six death row inmates are suing to stop imports they claim may be unsafe
Paterson , New Jersey  CNN  -- President Barack Obama reviewed damage inflicted by Hurricane Irene in northern New Jersey on Sunday , promising residents , "  We 'll be there to help . " Obama visited the towns of Paterson and Wayne , where residents showed the high-water marks from the flooding spawned by last week 's hurricane . The Passaic River and one of its tributaries , the Pompton , overflowed their banks through the area after Irene dumped heavy rains across the Northeast . "  I know it 's a tough time right now , " Obama told people whose homes had flooded in Wayne , on the banks of the Pompton . "  You guys hang in there . We 're going to do everything we can to help . " Irene inflicted at least $ 1 billion in wind damage alone from North Carolina to New England , according to federal government estimates . Private-sector analysts have put the total expected losses as high as $ 6 billion . Get the latest news on Tropical Storm Lee The federal government 's tab for the storm could exhaust the $ 800 million left in the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's disaster relief fund before the fiscal year ends September 30 . Some conservative House Republicans , led by Rep. Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , have called for spending cuts to offset any increase in emergency funds . But Obama told reporters Sunday that he would not let "  Washington politics " affect recovery efforts . "  We 're going to make sure resources are here , " he said . Irene dumped torrential rain across the Eastern Seaboard from Florida to Vermont , where more flooding cut off small towns in the New England hills . A total of 43 people died in the storm , which hit North Carolina 's Outer Banks as a hurricane with 85 mph winds , bounced off the Jersey Shore as a minimal hurricane and finally came ashore as a tropical storm over the city of New York . About 1,700 people in the Wayne , Paterson , Little Falls , Totowa and Woodland Park areas were forced to evacuate when the Passaic and other nearby waterways flooded . Some of the people Obama met had dragged their waterlogged belongings out to the curb . During Sunday 's visit , Obama hugged several people , including one woman who was overcome with tears , and at one point he theatrically rummaged through his pockets for change . "  I know it could have been worse , but we should not underestimate the heartache that 's going through these communities and affecting a lot of these families , " the president said . Obama viewed the Passaic , which had crested Tuesday at seven feet over its flood stage , from a bridge in downtown Paterson and visited a relief center set up in the parking lot of a home-improvement store . About 600 utility customers remained without power in the Paterson area , out of about 6,600 remaining outages statewide . The president was accompanied by various officials , including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , a Republican , and the state 's two Democratic U.S. senators , Frank Lautenberg and Robert Menendez . FEMA Director Craig Fugate and the agency 's coordinating officer , Bill Vogel , also appeared with the president . CNN 's Nina Raja contributed to this report .	"  We 're going to do everything we can to help , " Obama says Obama views flood damage in Paterson and Wayne , New Jersey Damage estimates from Hurricane Irene run as high as $ 6 billion
Dadaab , Kenya  CNN  -- In the middle of a famine , there is a place that houses the sickest survivors of all . Along the border between Somalia and Kenya at the International Rescue Committee hospital it is simply called a stabilization center . As a medical term , it refers to the desire to normalize vital signs , replace fluids and treat acute and deadly illness . As you might imagine , however , this place is far from stable , and instead filled with people who are starving to death -- in some cases , their bodies too far gone to even absorb the food finally made available to them . I met 6-year-old Ahmed Mohammad there . As soon as he entered Dadaab refugee camp with his father after 10 days of walking under the East African sun , it was clear his tiny prone body may have been robbed of nutrition for too long . Impact Your World : How you can help As Dr. Humphrey Musyoka told me , "  He is half the size he should be -- a couple more weeks , and this child would 've been lost . " Musyoka knows , because over the last few months , he has seen it happen more times than he cares to remember . There is no way to dignify the description of death by starvation . It is neither quick nor painless . Not too long after the food is cut off , the body resorts to fuel reserves in the liver and fatty tissues . Once the fat is all gone , and the person is a skeleton of what he or she once was , the body searches for protein , and finds it in muscle tissue . Even the muscle of the heart is consumed , leaving someone drained and listless . The body shuts down . The pulse , the blood pressure and body temperature all precipitously drop . Little kids such as Ahmed completely stop growing and become stunted in time . The tools they use here in the stabilization center are rudimentary , and they have little choice -- but they work . A small tape measure is used to measure the child 's mid-upper arm circumference or MUAC . It takes just seconds and is predictive of how much deep fat still exists in the body , a key criterion when assessing starvation . In children between the ages of 6 months and 5 years , a healthy MUAC is considered to be above 13.5 centimeters , and if it is less than 11.5 centimeters , nearly one in five die . They simply can not be saved . Ahmed had his MUAC measured in the stabilization center -- 10.5 centimeters . Musyoka shook his head worriedly and immediately started a plan to save Ahmed . An IV was placed , and fluids were started slowly . Too much fluid could overwhelm his system . The same could be said of many foods , which may cause severe diarrhea or vomiting . Ahmed will be given Plumpy ` nut , a paste that has a balance of protein , carbohydrates and fat , along with vitamins and minerals . The key is to give a lot of calories in small amounts because Ahmed 's stomach is so shrunken from his malnutrition . Ahmed would have his blood drawn to check for anemia and possible bacterial infections . Musyoka said he is cautiously optimistic about Ahmed , but he carries a lot of anguish over what he has seen this summer . "  I have a 5-year-old boy at home , " he told me as his eyes welled up . I shook his hand , looked him in the eye and said , "  Give him an extra tight hug tonight . " He nodded and said , "  You too . " My thoughts turned to my own three little girls , who are always in my heart . I will , doctor , I said . I will . Watch Sanjay Gupta MD Saturday and Sunday at 7:30 am ET . For the latest from Sanjay Gupta MD click here .	International Rescue Committee hospital is filled with people starving to death Ahmed Mohammad , 6 , is treated for malnutrition at hospital on Somalia-Kenya border Once fat is all gone , a starving person 's body resorts to eating muscle tissue Patients like Ahmed must be given calories in small amounts because of shrunken stomachs
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Fugitive Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's compound was strewn with shell casings and litter two days after its capture by rebel forces , while the bodies of a dozen bound men lay in a nearby intersection . The sprawling complex was littered with spent anti-aircraft shells , with rebel fighters picking through the detritus of the life Gadhafi 's supporters left behind when they fled . An armored BMW sedan sat abandoned in a garage near the "  House of Resistance , " the bombed-out building that Gadhafi left unrepaired as a monument to a 1986 U.S. airstrike that killed one of his daughters . Several NATO airstrikes and the onslaught that led to the fall of the Bab al-Aziziya compound on Tuesday inflicted more damage on the site , the symbolic heart of Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year rule . But during a visit by CNN to part of the compound on Thursday , there was no sign of the network of tunnels and bunkers long believed to have been built beneath Gadhafi 's headquarters . Nor was there any sign of Gadhafi or his sons , the subjects of an intense manhunt since their regime crumbled . The streets outside Bab al-Aziziya are awash in guns and rumors , including one that saw rebel fighters surround a nearby apartment complex Thursday on a tip that Gadhafi was inside . He was not found . The National Transitional Council , the rebel leadership , says it is determined to flush him out with minimal civilian losses . "  We do n't want to spill a lot of blood , you know , because they are our brothers , " one rebel fighter said . At a nearby intersection , a dozen bodies lay in the sun , some of them with their hands bound . Rebel fighters say the men were executed by Gadhafi 's retreating forces . But the bodies appear to be those of black Africans , who made up a large portion of the pro-Gadhafi forces , raising questions about whether the men may have been executed by the rebels . To the south of the compound , which is located near Tripoli 's Mediterranean shore , fighting between rebel fighters and Gadhafi loyalists persisted . Snipers and mortar shells continued to inflict casualties on hundreds of civilians , said Kirstie Campbell , a worker for the International Medical Corps in Tripoli . "  I 've worked in war zones for 10 years , but this is pretty bad , " she said . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Thomas Evans contributed to this report .	Moammar Gadhafi 's captured compound is littered with spent shells and debris Rebels surrounded an apartment building on a tip the fugitive leader was inside Snipers and mortar attacks are taking a toll on civilians , an aid worker says
Washington  CNN  -- Major decisions abroad for President Obama , a peek inside Pat Roberts ' new campaign playbook , and reminders of how important Nevada and Iowa are in national politics -- just some of the topics that emerged from our trip around the "  Inside Politics " table . Plus , a digital extra from Politico 's Maggie Haberman shows new signs that Hillary Clinton supporters are ready to get more aggressive . Chamber 's next play : Iowa 's Senate battle The Chamber of Commerce continues to be a major player in the 2014 fight for control of the Senate , with its next move to be a multimillion-dollar ad buy for Republican Joni Ernst in Iowa 's Senate contest . Ernst is running against U.S. Rep. Bruce Braley . The Iowa play comes on the heels of a Chamber ad buy in New Hampshire featuring a Mitt Romney testimonial for GOP Senate candidate Scott Brown . With 58 days to Election Day , one reason Republicans feel good about their odds of capturing the Senate majority is the fact that Iowa and New Hampshire , two states President Obama won handily twice , remain within reach for the GOP . Inside Pat Roberts ' new playbook Robert Costa of The Washington Post spoke with insiders in the Kansas Republican Party and they say that Roberts is shaking up his entire campaign . "  He brought in Chris LaCivita , who got to Kansas this weekend , a consultant from Virginia , and they got rid of Leroy Towns , Roberts ' longtime confidant and campaign manager , " said Costa . "  And look for them this week to try and define  Greg  Orman , the independent candidate . " Who is behind that effort to define Roberts ' opponent ? Costa reports that Lee Atwater protege Gary Maloney is coming in to help with opposition research and get Roberts back on track . Nevada gets help from ambitious Democrats Politico 's Manu Raju took us inside Sen. Harry Reid 's strategy of turning the national political importance of his state , Nevada , into a boon for local political causes . Hillary Clinton , he reports , is in discussions to raise money soon for the Nevada Democratic Party . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley and Vice President Joe Biden already have attended fund-raisers of late . "  The reason why that 's important for Harry Reid is that he needs his candidates in this November 's location , local candidates , to win , " said Raju . "  Because if they do , his chances of survival in 2016 really improve . " The key race in Reid 's Election-Day calculations is the lieutenant governor 's race . Reid is concerned that Republican Gov. Brian Sandoval may try to grab his Senate seat in 2016 . The thinking is that if a Democratic lieutenant governor is elected this year , Sandoval wo n't want to leave the Governor 's Mansion in two years and hand it over to a Democrat . GOP leadership on ` pins and needles ' over budget showdown Will another budget deadline at the end of this month lead to another government shutdown ? Molly Ball of The Atlantic reports that no one expects a shutdown , but the GOP leadership is on pins and needles about being able to get the continuing resolution passed . "  They do n't have a game plan for how they are going to get House conservatives to fund the government , " said Ball . "  As we mentioned on immigration , it 's riled up the right and emboldened a lot of conservatives to make demands . The Export-Import Bank is also a really tough issue and the leadership has signaled they 're going to try to get it reauthorized in the continuing resolution . " So there may be fireworks on Capitol Hill this month -- stay tuned . The ` Putin Problem ' is n't going anywhere Peter Baker of The New York Times shared smart insights suggesting the "  Putin Problem " is likely to carry over into the next administration -- even if the newly announced ceasefire in Ukraine holds . "  The problem is that that does n't end the story ; it does n't solve the fundamental issues , " said Baker . "  That 's why what I think we 're going to see is what we call ` frozen conflict , ' as we see elsewhere around the former Soviet Union , in which it remains a continuing set of tensions and frictions basically for now and the next few years to come . " Clinton gets a little help from her friends We knew the onetime pro-Obama super PAC Priorities USA had morphed into a pro-Hillary Clinton super PAC . But after a relatively quiet 2014 , Politico 's Maggie Haberman shared reporting that the group is prepared to get more aggressive , meaning prepared to inject itself into the 2016 Democratic primary competition . "  It was made very clear at a private meeting of people involved with it several weeks ago that they are prepared to spend in the primary to defend her , " said Haberman . "  That means this is much more like what we saw with Mitt Romney and the super PAC that went after Newt Gingrich in a devastating way in the 2012 election cycle , and less like something that 's just on hold to attack the Republican nominee . "	Chamber of Commerce a major player in the 2014 fight for control of the Senate Insiders in the Kansas GOP say Pat Roberts is shaking up his entire campaign Harry Reid turns his state 's national political importance into a boon for local political causes No one expects a budget shutdown but GOP leadership is on pins and needles
CNN  -- It was in the cave of Hira that the prophet Muhammad received the first revelation of the Quran . For rugby 's original wild child Sonny Bill Williams , meeting a Tunisian family who lived with their five children in a one-bedroom flat in the south of France proved pivotal to his conversion to Islam . The New Zealander 's unshakeable belief in the Almighty has proved to be the making of one of the island nation 's most gifted -- and controversial -- sports stars . "  I was real close with them , and I saw how happy and content they were . And to see how they lived their lives , it was just simple , " Sonny Bill Williams , a prodigious rugby talent , professional boxer and tattooed poster boy , tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  One thing I 've learned over my career is that simplicity is the key . On the field , off as well . " "  I 've become a true Muslim , " added Williams . "  It 's giving me happiness . It 's made me become content as a man , and helped me to grow . I 've just got faith in it and it has definitely helped me become the man I am today . " The Williams of today does not visibly bear the scars of the 15-year-old who was thrust into the unrelenting drinking culture of one of Australia 's top rugby league clubs and shamed by national media after being caught in a compromising position with a model . A man who quit that scene , walking out on his contract to take up a lucrative offer to switch codes and join a French rugby union club -- requiring a substantial compensation payout . A man who rejected a reported record $ 5 million deal to stay with Toulon and returned to Aotearoa -- "  the land of the long white cloud " -- to follow his dream of playing for the prestigious All Blacks , but found himself a fringe figure for 2011 's long-awaited World Cup triumph on home soil . He 's been battered in a boxing ring , criticized for landing another big-money deal in Japan , and is now back in the sport where he 's most at home . And still controversy follows him . World Cup mission Williams failed in his bid to become the first player to win the World Cup in both union and league this month , as the Kiwis suffered a crushing defeat against Australia in the final to relinquish the title won four years ago . His mere presence in the squad for the tournament caused a storm , as he only made himself available the day after it was named -- reversing his earlier decision . It meant one unlucky player had to make way . "  I thought I was doing a good thing , you know , staying true to myself , " says the 28-year-old , who had just completed a triumphant return to Australia 's National Rugby League competition , winning his second title and subsequently deciding to extend what had initially been planned as a one-year stint with the Sydney Roosters club . "  Then obviously there was a bit of a falling out , because one of the players was taken out of the squad , one of the young boys , and I just got absolutely hammered . "  And it just made me think , you ca n't please everyone , you know ? If you go about trying to please everyone , there 's going to be endless struggles . "  As long as you are happy with the man you see in the mirror , it 's all that counts I guess . " The battle within When Williams , who stands at 6 foot 4 inches and weighs in at 17 stone  108 kg  , looks at himself in the mirror , it is surprising to hear him admit to vulnerability . "  My toughest opponent is probably myself , I guess , mentally , " Williams says in his quiet voice , a gentle contrast to his powerful physique . Stripped to his trunks in the boxing ring , you can see the rippling muscles and elaborate tattoos that have made him a pinup . "  Overcoming the mental struggles that you have out on the field , it 's been probably the biggest one for me . The reason I feel so mentally strong now is because of boxing and going through those tough times , " he adds . "  I 've always had battles inside my head where I had to think where I was going to go . " Fighting fit Williams is close friends with fellow Muslim Anthony Mundine , a former Australian rugby league star who became a boxing champion and has helped the Kiwi fulfill his ring ambitions . Williams ' last fight , back in February , earned him the little-known WBA International Heavyweight title -- and some punishing blows from South African journeyman Francois Botha in a reduced 10-round bout . "  Every sport has helped me excel in another . Boxing has given me the mental strength to know that I can face anything on the field , without a doubt , " he reflects . That sixth fight is likely to be his last for a while , as he focuses on his rugby goals . Rugby is a de facto religion in New Zealand , a country where the gods play with an oval ball and where institutionalized faith is losing ground with its general populace -- just over 50 % said they were Christian at the last completed census . He is back playing the sport that is perhaps closest to his heart -- his dad played it , and his mum 's father was a renowned coach in Auckland , New Zealand 's largest city , where he grew up . Family means everything to him . His parents are separated , but he brought his father to Sydney with him and sees his mum when he can . He has bought both of them houses . "  My mother and my father were really big on manners , " Williams recalls . "  Almost to the point , you know , that when I got a bit older it made me a bit too shy , I never said anything out of turn . But they 've molded me to the person that I 've become . " He 's always been competitive -- even if it meant finding a short cut to finally beat his older brother  "  the biggest influence on my sporting career "  in their regular childhood running races -- and he had been pegged as a future athletics champion before choosing rugby league . "  I 've always loved sport . It 's funny , it 's all I ever thought I was good at . Whatever sport was there , whatever ball I could pick up , whatever bat I could try , I 'd give it a crack . " Finding simplicity Williams became the youngest player to be signed by an NRL team , winning his first Grand Final as an 18-year-old with the Canterbury Bulldogs in 2004 , and was the youngest to represent New Zealand 's Kiwis league side . "  I grew up as a Christian , like many Polynesians do , and moving to Australia suddenly when I was 15 , I learned a lot about Muslim faith , " he says . It was in Toulon where , having fled Australia under threats of lawsuits from his jilted employer , his conversion to Islam was realized . Having to adhere to the rule of Ramadan fasting has given him a new perspective on some of the things we take for granted . "  When you do Ramadan and you go for the whole month , you 're that much more appreciative of being able to eat food and drink water -- that 's what it 's designed to do , " he says . But faith in the divine can only do so much , he says -- the rest is up to you . "  To be the best you definitely have to have some God-given talents , but you also have to have the drive and the will and the dedication , " Williams explains . "  Simplicity is the key and I just try to keep things as simple as I can . But I never lose that one thing that 's got me there -- that 's drive , working hard , doing all the little things , ticking all the boxes . " The next challenge Having switched allegiances so often , Williams finds himself having to work hard to earn acceptance -- which means trying to break some of his own habits . "  I 'd like to be a bit more trusting , letting my guard down a little bit more . I 'm too serious sometimes , bro , as you can tell , " he acknowledges , before breaking into a big grin . "  And in a team environment sometimes I 'm too intense , you know , sometimes I 've got to sit back and just relax . Just chill out . But it 's just how I 'm made . I 've always been competitive . " Williams admits he would be tempted to try another of rugby 's formats , Sevens , which will make its Olympic debut at Rio 2016 . "  That would be a dream come true . If I had the opportunity to give it a crack , I definitely would , " he says . "  But there 's so much talent in New Zealand that it 's probably almost a distant dream at this stage . " Whatever he decides to do after his new Roosters deal ends next year -- he has hinted he will return to union ahead of the 2015 World Cup -- it 's a fair bet that Williams will succeed . He has won titles almost everywhere he has been , and that has been driven by something deep inside him . "  I just do n't want to fail , to be honest . I do n't want to let my family down , I do n't want to let myself down , " Williams admits , falling back into his earnest , serious tone . "  That 's probably the biggest thing I fear . I 'm confident as a man , these days , and I know what I can achieve if I put my mind to it . "	Sonny Bill Williams is hoping to be first player to win World Cups in both rugby codes He was the first Muslim to play for New Zealand 's All Blacks , winning 2011 world title Williams is part of NZ Kiwis team which has reached final of Rugby League World Cup He says becoming a Muslim has helped him become content and more assured
CNN  -- The Pakistani government has released from a Karachi , Pakistan , jail 179 Indian fishermen imprisoned for violating territorial waters , officials said Saturday . The fishermen , some of whom had been imprisoned as long as a year , had sailed into Pakistani waters apparently by mistake . They will be transported from Karachi to Lahore , where they will be allowed to cross the border into India , said Aslam Nasir Zahid , a member of the Pakistani-India joint judicial committee , a nongovernmental organization working to investigate the imprisonment of civilians in India and Pakistan . Nearly 300 fishermen remain in Pakistani jails , according to Zahid , and 480 boats are in Pakistani custody . Fishermen from the contentious neighboring countries routinely cross into territorial waters and are routinely arrested and held in jail -- many times without trial . Reacting to the release of the Indian fishermen by the government of Pakistan , Mohammed Ali Shah , the head of the Pakistan Fisherfolk Forum told CNN affiliate GEO news that there are still 41 Pakistani fishermen being held in Indian jails and "  these innocent men have been in Indian prisons for close to 15 years . "	179 fishermen are released after apparently straying into Pakistani waters The mistake is common by fishermen from the contentious neighboring countries Some of those released Saturday were imprisoned as long as a year
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan troops are surrounding the city of Bani Walid , awaiting orders to enter what had been a stronghold for late dictator Moammar Gadhafi as those inside appeal to the international community for help . Massoud al-Waer , a local official , told CNN late Friday that Bani Walid was under siege with no food or fuel able to get in , nor even fresh oxygen for its main hospital . The standoff -- and possible military offensive -- stems from the death of a Libyan revolutionary fighter from Misrata credited with capturing Gadhafi last year . Omran Shaaban and two other fighters were kidnapped near Bani Walid in July . He was released two months later , at which point he was in bad shape physically . After being transferred to a hospital France , Shaaban died September 24 of the aftereffects of gunshot wounds . One day after his death , the country 's General National Congress authorized the Libyan ministries of defense and interior to use force , if necessary , to arrest those responsible for allegedly kidnapping and torturing Shaaban . The national assembly also called for the release of the others being detained in Bani Walid , giving those in the city 10 days to comply -- or else the North African nation 's military would take action . The deadline for that ultimatum was Friday . And over the past week , Libyan army troops and militia members from different parts of the nation -- including Misrata -- mobilized and surrounded Bani Walid . Bani Walid and Misrata have a longstanding rivalry . The chief of staff for Libya 's army issued a statement Thursday calling on the people of Bani Walid to cooperate by handing over the wanted individuals to avoid a military assault . Yet many in Bani Walid remained defiant Friday , turning out in large numbers to protest the national government 's demands and call for the release of those from the city being held about 130 kilometers  80 miles  to the northeast in Misrata , according to al-Waer . "  They treat us as if Bani Walid is not part of Libya , " the city official said . Hundreds of Bani Walid residents have been arrested by armed militias , according to the human rights advocacy group Amnesty International . Many continue to be detained without being charged , or put in trial , across Libya , and have been tortured or otherwise ill-treated , Amnesty said . Meanwhile , talks are ongoing to resolve the issue in Bani Walid , without the use of force , al-Waer added . But he said that many residents are "  anticipating a military offensive , but will not leave the city and are ready to die in Bani Walid . " Bani Walid was a holdout of pro-Gadhafi loyalists until the very end of the fighting late last year . And tensions between residents and fighters aligned with what was the National Transitional Council -- and later the fledgling Libyan government -- continued to simmer after the city 's fall . A petition was being circulated Friday around the inland city , which is about 170 kilometers southeast of the capital , Tripoli , asked the U.N. Security Council to convene an emergency meeting and act "  to immediately intervene to protect the civilians in the town . " The petitioners claimed that pro-government "  armed militias " were trying to indiscriminately kill large numbers of people in Bani Walid , because of the city 's history in support of Gadhafi . They report "  bombing on civil neighborhoods " on October 1 "  with no regards to the lives of unarmed civilians . " "  The Libyan government claims that it is trying to arrest some criminals in the town . But the question is : Could those criminals be arrested with mortars , missiles and a ban on daily necessary requirements ? " Amnesty joined those calling for restraint Friday night . It issued a statement urging "  Libyan authorities to avoid unnecessary and excessive use of force in the city and to ensure essential medical supplies are allowed into the city . "	A man credited with capturing Gadhafi was kidnapped and died last month Libya 's legislature gave Bani Walid 10 days to hand over those responsible Libyan troops are awaiting orders to go into the city to enforce the mandate Bani Walid residents say they are defiant , even as they are under siege
CNN  -- Gold mining might have become a booming industry in resource-rich Ghana , raking in billions of dollars every year , but that wealth has failed to trickle down to many of the country 's rural poor who live on the land where the gold is mined from . "  Mining goes with a lot of myths , like it creates jobs , it brings development , it makes people 's lives better , " says Ghanaian activist and founder of the Wassa Association of Communities Affected by Mining  WACAM  , Daniel Owusu-Koranteng . "  That is the first deception : that you are sitting on gold and somebody is going to mine it . You can not imagine for once the person can take the gold away and leave you in a bad state , " he adds . Owusu-Koranteng has dedicated his life to championing the rights of Ghana 's poor and helping communities that are adversely affected by large scale mining activity . He launched WACAM in 1998 and since then has been traveling to rural areas across the country to help the residents negotiate with the large multinationals who mine the land on which they live . Can Africa break its ` resource curse ' ? The mining advocacy NGO works to help farmers obtain better compensation packages and raise awareness about the dangers to the environment . At the same time , it wants multinational companies to contribute to the sustainable development of the communities affected . "  It 's a bad case because they are farmers and they 're dependent on the farm lands for survival , so many of them are without regular source of income now , " says Owusu-Koranteng . The West African country is the continent 's second largest producer of gold after South Africa . Its gold exports totaled $ 2.25 billion in 2008 , up from $ 1.3 billion in the previous year , according to U.N. stats . Former Ghana president : Fight poverty with wealth creation , not charity The majority of the world 's big gold mining companies are already operating in Ghana , with the precious commodity being the country 's main foreign exchange earner , along with cocoa . All this growth creates opportunities for both exploration and investment but also brings change to the largely rural , agrarian population . "  We also have a situation where our lands are taken over by mining , " says Owusu-Koranteng . "  They  the farmers  lost their jobs , their lands were gone , the river is polluted and the skills they had could not fit into the skills of the mining . " A tireless activist , Owusu Koranteng spends a lot of time on the road , joined by his wife Hannah who is also committed to the cause . Together , they visit mining communities on a regular basis , offering education , training and legal support to the people at risk . "  When I go to the communities and they say they are hungry , I know what it is , " says Owusu-Koranteng . "  When people have land and it 's been taken away and they 're not going to have anything to eat , I understand it , " he adds . Through his organization , Owusu-Koranteng is trying to educate and energize communities and their leaders to understand that they are all responsible for what they leave behind . "  We are a small group of thoughtful , committed people who want to change the world , who want to make a change , who want to make a difference . We think that once we have the truth with us , one day , this country will learn that we need to manage our resources well for generations yet to come and that we should n't become a selfish generation , " he says . "  The gold and the earth does not belong to this generation -- it belongs to the generations yet to come . That is what we should understand and we can not mess it up , " he adds . Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Daniel Owusu-Koranteng is founder of a mining advocacy group WACAM The group offers education , training and legal support to people affected by large scale mining Ghana is Africa 's second largest producer of gold after South Africa
CNN  -- This Twitter thing has been coming on like gangbusters . The messaging site has been around for a couple of years , but its popularity seems to have exploded just recently . A self-admitted tech geek , Chris Pirillo is president of Lockergnome.com , a blogging network . Everyone from BarackObama to John Cleese to NASA to the consulate of Israel has a Twitter account . Heck , even yours truly does ! Do you ? Follow me and I 'll follow you back . Twitter is really more of a social commons than a full-blown social network like MySpace or Facebook . It pretty much does one thing : allows people to "  tweet " what they 're up to  or what they 're thinking about  in 140 characters or less . Call it micro-blogging , if you will , but it 's about as close to the "  Keep It Simple , Stupid "  K.I.S.S.  ideal as it gets . People can follow your tweets and you can follow theirs -- that 's pretty much it . There are some third-party apps out there that can help you organize and seek out the information flying around out there in the Twittersphere , but it all pretty much stays in the nutshell . With the overwhelming amount of widgets and gadgets and gizmos and doohickeys and whatnots attached to every other social network out there , is n't it nice to be able to get away with plain ol' simple every now and again ? Since we 're sticking with the "  less is more " aesthetic , I 'm just going to give you 10 Twitter tips instead of the 20 I could have stretched this into . You 're welcome ! 1 . Be yourself , but beware . Say whatever you feel like saying , but remember that whatever you write could exist in the digital universe forever . Proceed with extreme caution . 2 . Do n't be afraid to interact with others . If you like something they say , reply by clicking the little grey arrow that appears when you hover over one of their tweets . You can also simply type in @username  replacing "  username " with whatever their username happens to be on Twitter  . This is the formal way to address someone on Twitter . iReport.com : Do you agree with these tips ? Share some of yours 3 . Follow celebrities . They may never interact with you , but at least you can interact with them . It 's no longer a question of who is on Twitter -- but who IS N'T on Twitter . 4 . Use Twitter from your desktop . Twitter has something called an API  Application Programming Interface  , which allows programmers to create experiences around Twitter for the community . Because of this , there have been an amazing array of applications released that will allow you to manage your Twitter account easily . There 's Twitterrific , TweetDeck , and Twhirl -- just to name a few . 5 . Find friends fast . If you 're looking for new friends , a quick search for some of your favorite things on search.twitter.com will quickly reveal who you should be friending on Twitter . Maybe they 'll follow you back ? 6 . Follow government officials . If your elected official is n't on http://tweetcongress.org , then they 're behind the times . Heck , even the Library of Congress is on Twitter ! 7 . Crowdsource . If you have an idea , or a question , do n't hold it in -- let it be known to all ! Who knows -- someone just may answer your call for help . 8 . Tweetups . Keep your eye out for these things . They 're meetups for people on Twitter , and there 's likely one happening regularly in your neck of the woods . I 've taken to hosting one monthly in the Seattle area , as a matter of fact . Meet Twitter people -- tweeps , tweeple -- in meatspace ! 9 . Retweet . If you like something that someone else has tweeted , you can "  RT "  retweet  it . This gives the original person credit , and also lets your followers know what you like . That 's community ! 10 . Go with the flow . If you think you know better than everybody else , you 're wrong -- the same netiquette rules apply on Twitter as well as on the rest of the Internet . Do you have any Twitter tips to pass along ? You could even share the link to this article on Twitter and it might become the most popular story today !	CNN tech columnist Chris Pirillo offers 10 tips on how to be a good Twitterer Say whatever you feel , but also remember that it could exist on the Web forever Crowdsource . If you have an idea , or a question , do n't hold it in -- let it be known ! Keep your eye out for Tweetups , which are meetups for people on Twitter
EW.com  -- Corey Feldman and the late Corey Haim -- known at the height of their popularity as "  the Two Coreys " -- were iconic '80s teen stars who dealt with more adult problems behind the scenes . In his upcoming memoir Coreyography  Oct. 29  , Feldman , 42 , details the sexual abuse he and Haim experienced while working in Hollywood . According to Feldman , Haim told him about an incident on the set of the 1986 film "  Lucas " : "  Haim started to confide in me , about some intensely personal stuff , very quickly ... Within hours of our first meeting , we found ourselves talking about Lucas , the film he made in the summer of 1985 , the role I had wanted for myself . At some point during the filming , he explained , an adult male convinced him that its was perfectly normal for older men and younger boys in the business to have sexual relations , that it was what all the ` guys do . ' So , they walked off to a secluded area between two trailers , during a lunch break for the cast and crew , and Haim , innocent and ambitious as he was , allowed himself to be sodomized . " EW : Corey Feldman claims pedophilia top danger for child stars , but wo n't name names ? Feldman recalls that Haim , 11 years old at the time , said , "  I guess we should play around like that , too ? " While Feldman never acted on his friend 's suggestion , he did encounter more sexual abuse later on from the adults around him , including an older male Feldman had hired as his assistant who he calls "  Ron Crimson " in the book . Crimson allegedly performed oral sex on Feldman after he encouraged a teenaged Feldman to take a cocktail of pills . Feldman writes that in his that in his teen years he was constantly surrounded by pedophiles . Feldman 's childhood was so troubled that he looked to his friend Michael Jackson , introduced to him by director Steven Spielberg , for normalcy . "  Michael Jackson 's world , crazy as it sounds , had become my happy place , " he writes . "  Being with Michael brought me back to my innocence . When I was with Michael , it was like being 10 years old again . " Feldman stresses in the book that Jackson never once acted inappropriately toward him . EW : Corey Haim : The Lost Boy In the introduction , Feldman refuses to disclose the identity of Haim 's alleged rapist , who he claims is "  one of the most successful people in the entertainment industry . " "  You ca n't go around publicly accusing industry titans without expecting to find yourself in the middle of a nasty lawsuit , " writes Feldman , "  to say nothing of the potential threat to my career , as well as to the personal safety of myself and my son . " Coreyography acts in part as a warning to parents pushing their children into show business . Feldman claimed on a 2011 episode of Nightline and repeats in the book that the "  number one problem in Hollywood was , and is , and always will be pedophilia . "  0 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Corey Feldman has an upcoming memoir titled "  Coreyography " In it he writes that the late Corey Haim was sexually abused in a movie set Feldman says he was also exposed to sexual abuse
CNN  -- Academy Award-winning actress Mira Sorvino is dedicated to ending human trafficking . She serves as a goodwill ambassador for the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , and she frequently travels abroad to raise awareness about the issue . Sorvino also been involved with CNN Heroes since 2007 , the first year of the campaign . She recently sat down with CNN Heroes producer Brittany Stahl to talk about the campaign and her humanitarian work . Below are excerpts from that interview . Brittany Stahl : Tell me about your work fighting human trafficking . Why did you get involved , and what exactly do you do ? Mira Sorvino : Trafficking is the worst kind of human depravity that you can imagine . And it involves children and the most vulnerable , the poorest of the poor . So , everywhere I go with the U.N. , in addition to doing our official duties and holding our press conferences , I interview victims . I basically consider myself a victim 's advocate . I feel like that that 's the best way that I can expose the really horrendous nature of the crime to the public and try to produce swifter results . Because once you get to know individuals who have suffered at the hands of traffickers ... who have lived to tell the tale , it is so disturbing and heartbreaking that you feel compelled to act . You feel compelled to work against it . It 's definitely a cause worth fighting for . Stahl : What is a hero to you ? Sorvino : A hero is someone who braves extraordinary risk and gives so much more of him or herself ... to uplift someone or many people who are suffering . Stahl : Do you have any personal heroes ? Sorvino : The first one that comes to mind for me is Martin Luther King . He was always my hero . That was always who I aspired to be like if I could be like anybody in a moral , human way . I read all of his speeches and his autobiography , and I just try to learn from his path and what he did . Stahl : You were a presenter at the first "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " back in 2007 . What was that like ? Sorvino : It was really amazing . I was extremely moved by all the extraordinary things that all the various Heroes had done . And that the emphasis of such a prestigious show -- on acts of altruism and selflessness and service -- is exactly what the world 's focus should be on . It combats the ridiculous frothiness of reality TV and the consumerism that has sort of become our national religion . Human acts of kindness and love -- and love borne out by action -- is really what life is all about . It 's about how much you 're giving , not how much you 're getting . So it 's an extraordinary show , and I was really , really proud to be a part of it . Stahl : Did any of those CNN Heroes particularly inspire you ? Sorvino : You know , they all did . I was just sort of in awe , one after the next . Wow . They just inspired me further to do what little I can on my side in any of my activism or things that I 'm trying to do . It 's just like : "  OK , yeah , you can do this . You can get involved , and you can try to make a small difference . " Stahl : Why do you think we need to honor everyday heroes ? Sorvino : It 's really inspirational . But you know there 's lots of ways to be a hero , too . There are many people who are heroic in their everyday life and their everyday generosity . Some people are gigantic heroes who save people from burning buildings , and some people are just saving people by loving them in a constant and almost superhuman way . I think it 's a wonderful thing .	Actress Mira Sorvino is a U.N. ambassador raising awareness about human trafficking She has also been involved with CNN Heroes since it began in 2007 Sorvino : CNN Heroes "  inspired me further to do what little I can on my side "
CNN  -- Nelson Mandela will always have a place at Yankee Stadium after the U.S. baseball giants unveiled a plaque in his honor , Wednesday . The late South African president visited the home of the New York Yankees in 1990 , just four months after he was released from his 27-year incarceration . Wearing a Yankees cap and jacket , Mandela arrived at the stadium 24 years ago and announced to the assembled crowd : "  You know who I am . I am a Yankee . " Mandela has now been immortalized in Yankee history with a plaque inside Monument Park , a museum which normally only recognizes former team greats . The dedication to Mandela reads : "  Nobel peace prize winner and global leader , whose tireless efforts dismantled apartheid in South Africa . "  As president of his country , he would use South Africa 's enthusiasm for sports as a unifying force for reconciliation . "  In words and deeds , he became an inspirational leader to the world . " Nelson Mandela : A fighter 's life The commemorative plaque was unveiled as part of Major League Baseball 's Jackie Robinson Day , which celebrates the first African-American to play in the modern era . Robinson 's wife Rachel and daughter Sharon attended the event . Civil rights activist the Reverend Jesse Jackson , singer and activist Harry Belafonte , Zondwa Mandela , Nelson Mandela 's grandson , and his wife and president of the New York Yankees , Randy Levine , were among a gathering of special guests . Mandela died at the age of 95 in December 2013 . He is remembered as a freedom fighter , prisoner , moral compass and South Africa 's symbol of the struggle against racial oppression . Watch : Honoring Jackie Robinson	New York Yankees unveil a plaque to honor Nelson Mandela The late South African president visited Yankees Stadium in 1990 The plaque was revealed as part of the MLB 's Jackie Robinson Day activities Civil rights activist the Reverend Jesse Jackson and singer Harry Belafonte attend unveiling
CNN  -- After months of speculation , one of Formula One 's worst kept secrets has finally been confirmed . Fernando Alonso , the double world champion who recently left Ferrari , will rejoin McLaren for the 2015 season , which gets underway in March . The Spaniard , who won back-to-back world titles with Renault in 2005 and 2006 , joins the British team after ending his four-year association with Ferrari . He will be partnered by Jenson Button , whose services were retained above Kevin Magnussen , who stays on as a test and reserve driver . Between them , Alonso and Button have won three world titles , 47 grands prix and achieved 147 podium finishes from a combined 500 races . Now 33 , Alonso will be expected to boost McLaren 's fortunes after a season which saw it struggle to match the pace set by the all-conquering Mercedes team . "  Over the past year I have received several offers , some of them really tempting given the current performance of some of the teams that showed interest , " he said in a statement . "  But , more than a year ago , McLaren-Honda contacted me and asked me to take part , in a very active way , in the return of their partnership -- a partnership that dominated the Formula 1 scene for so long . " Between 1988 and 1992 , McLaren and Honda won 44 grands prix out of 80 , with Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost winning all but one of the 16 races in one season . "  I still remember , as a kid , the posters in my wardrobe , my toy cars in which I dreamed I would one day emulate Ayrton , and the kart that my father built for my older sister , and that I ended up falling in love with , " Alonso added . "  That kart had the livery of one of the most legendary partnerships in the history of Formula 1 , McLaren-Honda , the car that Ayrton drove , the same partnership to which I am now honored to join . "  I am joining this project with enormous enthusiasm and determination , knowing that it may require some time to achieve the results we are aiming for , which is no problem for me . " It remains to be seen whether McLaren 's new engine partnership with Honda returns it to the top of the sport . Alonso previously joined McLaren in 2007 , but left after just one season due to tensions between him and then rookie teammate Lewis Hamilton -- the now Mercedes driver who was crowned 2014 world champion last month . This time around , Alonso will be paired with the vastly experienced Button . The Briton , who won the 2009 drivers ' title with Brawn , has signed a new deal to extend his four-year stay with the team . "  I am extremely excited to be embarking on my 16th year in Formula 1 and my sixth season for McLaren , " said the 34-year-old , whose future had been heavily debated in recent days . "  Like Fernando , I am certain that McLaren and Honda will achieve great things together , and I feel sure that , working together , all of us will pull incredibly hard to create a brilliantly effective winning team . "  I admired Ayrton Senna enormously , but , for me , it was the exploits of Alain Prost that inspired me most as a boy . ` The best driver lineup ' "  The way he stroked those beautifully brutal red-and-white cars to grand prix wins and world championships was to my mind poetry in motion , and I have tried to emulate his driving style ever since . "  Being a part of new-look McLaren-Honda is a wonderful opportunity for all of us and I am very pleased to have been invited to do my bit . In fact , I am absolutely raring to go . " "  I am sure  Fernando and I  will work extremely well together . " After plenty of uncertainty over whether Button or Magnussen would be retained for 2015 , McLaren chairman and CEO Ron Dennis is delighted with the pairing of two former world champions . "  I can safely say that we now have by an order of magnitude the best driver lineup of any current Formula 1 team , " he said . "  We signed Fernando a little ago , but we decided not to announce the fact until we had also re-signed Jenson as his teammate . For many reasons , our negotiations with Jenson took quite a long time . " The decision to retain Button means Magnussen loses his seat after just one season in the sport . The Dane finished 71 points behind Button in this year 's championship . "  I am very glad that Kevin will remain part of the team , " said Button . "  He is a very quick driver and a really nice guy . "	Two-time world champion Alonso rejoins McLaren , the stable he left in 2007 Alonso will be partnered by Jenson Button , retained above rookie Kevin Magnussen McLaren chairman Ron Dennis labels the duo ` the best driver lineup ' of any F1 team Magnussen will stay on as reserve and test driver
Budget Travel  -- Swimming is almost beside the point at these 15 pools found at gorgeous , unexpected properties around the world . Hotel : Hotel Chocolat , Soufrière , St. Lucia Why it 's cool : The guest-only infinity pool at this five-month-old property is lined with black quartz tiles , a stroke of genius on the part of Hotel Chocolat 's upscale English chocolatier owners ; the resulting dark color reflects the iconic Pitons and surrounding rain forest like an overflowing mirror . Ten lounge chairs line the poolside pine deck , pretty much assuring time by the pool for every guest of the 14 cottages and cabins . From your lounge , you can request poolside service of chocolaty treats , like a Bellini infused with fresh cacao pulp from the company 's nearby groves . Budget Travel : See 24 more photos of these amazing pools Hotel : Four Seasons Resort Maui at Wailea , Hawaii Why it 's cool : Spectacular pools are a dime a dozen in Wailea , the southwestern shore of Maui with prime beach real estate , known for glamorous resorts . So it 's saying something that the Four Seasons has one that really stands out . The $ 9 million infinity-edge pool , which opened in July 2009 , seems to roll out into Wailea Bay 53 feet below , while underwater speakers play contemporary Hawaiian tunes . Open only to guests who are 21 plus , this 120-foot-long saltwater pool has four inlets that perpetually bubble , and its swim-up bar delivers thirst-quenching treats like vodka mojitos . In the early evening , the glass mosaic tiles on the bottom of the pool glitter in the flames cast by surrounding fire bowls and tiki torches . Hotel : Hotel du Cap-Eden-Roc , Cap d'Antibes , France Why it 's cool : When this hotel reopened in April 2011 on the Côte d'Azur after a $ 64 million renovation , it unveiled a new , guest-only outdoor pool , which had been dynamited out of the adjacent cliff face . From their perch here , 13 feet above the Mediterranean , guests swim in seawater heated to a temperate 82 °F , and have a perfect view over the infinity edge of fellow visitors tying their yachts off on the hotel 's private landing stage . If for some reason one tires of ordering poolside cocktails from the two roving attendants , a nearby set of trapezes hangs over the sea  near the ocean-diving boards , of course  for an adventurous dip in the Med . Budget Travel : 10 gorgeous pools you wo n't believe are public Hotel : Amangiri , Canyon Point , Utah Why it 's cool : Amangiri , in Sanskrit , means "  peaceful mountain " -- and the most peaceful of those found here may be the 80-foot-high , Jurassic-period sandstone escarpment that rises from the middle of the resort 's U-shaped pool . Guests can take in panoramic views of Utah 's dramatic mesas from either the 84-degree water or one of the surrounding lounges and king-size daybeds . Order a prickly-pear margarita to enhance the desert flavor during the day , or test the tranquil waters anytime of night you please : The pool is open 24 hours . Hotel : Qasr Al Sarab , Abu Dhabi Why it 's cool : No , it 's not a mirage . The Qasr Al Sarab resort , which opened in November 2009 , materializes in the middle of the tall , curling dunes of the Liwa Desert . It 's a spectacular backdrop for the resort 's amoeba-shaped pool that rivals a football field in sheer size . Guests often stand in the shallow end of the curvy oasis , next to the bar , and observe the pool butlers bringing cold towels , iced fruit popsicles , and other treats to sun-worshippers on the 140 chaise lounges that line the sandstone patio . During the day , the pool is kept at a refreshing 70 °F . Linger until 9 p.m. , when lights glimmer along the pool 's edges and the stars come out over the date-palm trees . Hotel : Park Hyatt Tokyo Why it 's cool : Sure , Bill Murray took a dip here in "  Lost in Translation , " but it 's the view from this sleek , 47th-floor swimming pool that 's truly remarkable : Floor-to-ceiling windows frame jaw-dropping vistas of Tokyo , and even venerable Mount Fuji , while the steel-and-glass pyramid-shaped ceiling floods the pool with natural light . The 65-foot-long , four-lane pool is striking at night , too , when the city 's skyscrapers light up . Budget Travel : 12 restaurants with spectacular views Hotel : San Alfonso del Mar , Algarrobo , Chile Why it 's cool : You can take small sailboats out on this saltwater pool that Guinness World Records calls the largest in the world . At two-thirds of a mile in length , the massive stretch of water has room for several man-made sand beaches . For nighttime swimming , head to the temperature-controlled beach inside the pool 's centrally located glass pyramid -- the water and the sand are heated . Hotel : Hotel Caruso Belvedere , Ravello , Italy Why it 's cool : The Hotel Caruso Belvedere is set at the highest point in the sun-splashed Amalfi Coast town of Ravello , so the open-air infinity pool offers unobstructed , panoramic views of one of the world 's most dramatic coastlines -- and the sea beyond . It does n't hurt that the pool itself is flanked by 11th-century Roman ruins . Hotel : Umaid Bhawan Palace , Jodhpur , India Why it 's cool : In a massive , 347-room palace overlooking the Blue City of Jodhpur in the Indian state of Rajasthan , this serene , temperature-controlled swimming basin takes advantage of natural candlelight -- with rose petals sometimes strewn on the surface . The hotel is run by the Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces , which shares the property with the palace 's owner , the Maharaja of Jodhpur -- who has been known to swim laps with the guests from time to time . Hotel : Viceroy Miami Why it 's cool : In a city loaded with cool pools , the pool at the Viceroy stands out . The two-acre pool deck -- with Japanese blueberry trees and swanky chaise lounges and beds -- features three types of pools : an 80-person hot tub , a wading pool , and a football-field-size swimming pool . Perhaps coolest of all , it 's 15 floors above the street , with sweeping views of downtown Miami and glimpses of Biscayne Bay in the distance . Budget Travel : 26 stunning Ireland photos Hotel : InterContinental Hong Kong Why it 's cool : Set on the third floor of the InterContinental Hong Kong , the hotel 's three pools -- two hot and one cold , but all with underwater music piped in -- give the almost unnerving illusion that you 're floating in Victoria Harbor . After your swim , park yourself in one of the poolside cabanas and gaze out at Hong Kong 's skyline . Hotel : Golden Nugget , Las Vegas Why it 's cool : You 'll swim with five species of sharks  16 sharks in all  at the Nugget 's $ 30 million pool complex . The Tank , as it 's called , houses a three-story waterslide , waterfalls , and the pool 's pièce de resistance , the 200,000-gallon shark tank . You 're in more danger at the Golden Nugget 's roulette wheel : The sharks , stingrays , massive Queensland grouper , and silvery jack crevalle are separated from the swimming pool by a six-inch clear acrylic wall . Hotel : Quincy Hotel , Singapore Why it 's cool : This glass-enclosed pool is cantilevered from the 12th floor of the futuristic-looking Quincy Hotel , suspending swimmers high above the passing cars and pedestrians at street level . At night , special lighting effects make the pool appear to glow . Bask and swim for a bit , then retire to one of the rattan chairs at poolside for a nap . Hotel : Al Bustan Palace InterContinental Muscat , Muscat , Oman Why it 's cool : After an extensive 18-month renovation , this InterContinental property in Oman reopened with a major pool upgrade -- which the roving pool butlers  you heard us  are more than happy to tell you about , after refreshing your rose-scented spritzer . The spacious , 164-foot-long infinity pool is flanked by shady , palm-studded islands . The water is temperature controlled , so it 's always an oasis-like 84 degrees . Hotel : Anantara Bophut Resort & Spa , Koh Samui , Thailand Why it 's cool : You look straight out into the Gulf of Thailand from the 98-foot-long infinity pool at this stylish resort on the island of Samui , Thailand . If the views are n't soothing enough , order a stiff drink at the swim-up bar and laugh it off with the comical , spitting monkey statues along the pool 's perimeter . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Beautiful pools can be found at gorgeous , unexpected properties around the world The Four Seasons Resort Maui has a 120-foot-long saltwater pool with a swim-up bar The Al Bustan Palace InterContinental Muscat 's pool features roving pool butlers
CNN  -- More romaine lettuce has been recalled amid an investigation into an outbreak of food-borne illness that has sickened at least 19 people in three states . Vaughan Foods of Moore , Oklahoma , is recalling romaine lettuce with "  use by " dates of May 9 and May 10 , the Food and Drug Administration said in a statement . The company sold the lettuce to restaurants and food-service facilities , the administration said . Vaughan said in a statement Tuesday that it had informed customers who purchased the suspect lettuce . "  Food safety continues to be Vaughan Foods ' number one priority , " said Mark Vaughan , president and CEO of the company . "  Vaughan management is not aware of any links to any food-borne illness associated with any product produced by Vaughan Foods . " Vaughan 's recall comes after Freshway Foods recalled romaine lettuce last week because of a possible connection to an outbreak of food-borne disease linked to E. coli O145 in Michigan , Ohio and New York . Blog : What you should know about E. coli A sickened Ohio State University student sued Freshway on Tuesday . Freshman Richard Cardinale filed a lawsuit after his stool sample tested positive for E. coli O145 , according to court documents . He suffered from gastrointestinal problems including bloody diarrhea and dehydration and was hospitalized on April 14 for treatment . "  We have a new form of deadly E.coli to contend with , " said food safety lawyer Bill Marler , who is representing Cardinale . "  It is past time for the government and industry to track this bug as it does E.coli O 157 : H7 , " he said , referring to the best known form of toxic E.coli . Authorities are investigating a farm near Yuma , Arizona , where the tainted lettuce was harvested , the Food and Drug Administration said . Vaughan Foods received lettuce from that farm , the administration said . FDA : Link between bagged romaine lettuce and E. coli O145 illness outbreak Investigators have confirmed that the outbreak has sickened 19 people : 10 in Michigan , seven in Ohio and two in New York . Twelve of the 19 have been hospitalized , including three who developed a potentially life-threatening complication called hemolytic uremic syndrome , or HUS , the administration said . In addition , health investigators cite the outbreak as the "  probable " reason that 10 other people have fallen ill : five in New York , three in Michigan and two in Ohio , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Though most healthy adults recover from E. coli O145 within a week , young children and the elderly are most at risk of developing HUS . Federal health authorities are encouraging anyone with such symptoms to contact a health care provider immediately . Ohio-based Freshway Foods said that the recalled shredded romaine lettuce was sold to wholesalers , food service outlets , and some in-store salad bars and delis . Health.com : 8 ways to prevent food poisoning The company said it sold the lettuce in question to businesses in Alabama , Connecticut , the District of Columbia , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Kentucky , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , Missouri , New Jersey , New York , North Carolina , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia , West Virginia and Wisconsin . Consumers are urged not to eat "  grab and go " salads sold from in-store salad bars and delis at Kroger , Giant Eagle , and Marsh stores . The recall does not affect romaine lettuce and other types of lettuce and leafy greens from other producers . CNN 's Val Willingham contributed to this report .	NEW : Romaine lettuce recall expanded to Vaughan Foods in Oklahoma NEW : Company says it has informed customers who purchased the lettuce NEW : Sickened student sues Freshway Foods , which was involved in earlier recall
CNN  -- Mariah Carey is "  fine " a day after an accident during a video shoot in New York on Sunday night , her representative said Monday . "  Mariah injured herself while filming a video with Jeezy for the remix of #Beautiful , directed by her husband Nick Cannon , " said rep Cindi Berger . "  She was taken to hospital late last night , where doctors reset her shoulder . She is fine . " She recently released two remixes of " #Beautiful " featuring Miguel . The release of her new album , which was set for July , has been delayed "  in order to have more time on it , " according to her website . ` Idol ' to get makeover with exits of Carey , Nicki Minaj CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Doctors reset her dislocated shoulder , her rep says Carey was shooting a video directed by her husband Nick Cannon when injured
CNN  -- Conjoined Egyptian twin boys Hassan and Mahmoud , who were successfully separated in Saudi Arabia Saturday , are recovering and are expected to lead normal lives , officials said . Conjoined twins Hassan , left , and Mahmud rest the day before separation surgery in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia . "  The twins ' vital signs are good ; they 're doing excellent , " said Sami Al-Shalan , spokesman for the King Abdulaziz Medical City facility in Riyadh where the surgery took place . "  The twins still have about 24 hours before a progress report can be issued . The anesthesia consultants are happy with the progress of the children . " The boys are less than a year old and were brought to the kingdom on February 10 . The delicate surgery took a little more than 15 hours . "  The twins ' parents have visited them in the -LSB- pediatric intensive care unit -RSB- , but they ca n't stay there long . They come and go , " Al-Shalan said . Separating the boys ' urinary system was a major challenge , Dr. Abdullah Al-Rabeeah , the Saudi minister of health , told CNN . So was separating the siblings ' local veins and arteries , he said . "  We had to identify the arteries and the blood veins between each baby , " Al-Rabeeah said . Watch Al-Rabeeah explain the operation " The procedure was the 21st of its kind to be performed in the kingdom . The surgeries are performed free as part of King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz 's philanthropic initiative . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Egyptian twin boys are less than a year old 21st procedure of this type to be performed in the kingdom 15-hour delicate surgery declared successful , surgeon says Surgery free as part of King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz 's philanthropic initiative
CNN  -- One minute and eight seconds . That 's how long it was from the moment Connor Walsh walked into the copy room to when Pax Curtis dropped his pants . In between , the two chatted about illegal stock trading and working long hours , but fans of the hit ABC legal drama "  How to Get Away With Murder " were not really tweeting about that . Anytime-anywhere sex scenes are part of the show 's DNA , so the over-the-top scenario in the copy room was par for the course . Particularly for young Connor , a handsome law student , who in a later episode scored in a courthouse restroom with a guy he had forgotten he had sex with months earlier . As you can imagine , Connor flashes a great smile and a lot of flesh . He does not , however , ever flash a condom . And here , ladies and gentlemen , is where the conversation gets a bit uncomfortable . For as much as the network show is somewhat revolutionary for its willingness to showcase same-sex lovemaking , there is a question of how responsible that portrayal is . This week , we observed World AIDS Day , and we are reminded that in 2014 the virus may be manageable , but it is n't cured . It still kills . There are 35 million living with HIV the world over , and 19 million do n't know it . And in the United States , men who have sex with men make up 63 % of all new infections , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It is n't realistic to expect a character on TV to double as a public service announcement . But since only 32 of the 813 prime-time scripted series regulars are LGBT -- and not many of those 32 are seen having sex  especially like Connor  -- it seems reasonable to have high expectations for their behavior . "  There has been a conversation about it , " Jack Falahee , the 25-year-old Michigan native who plays Connor , told me . "  I 'm not privy to all of the discussion that happens in the writers ' room , but I do know early on the topic of safer sex has been brought up . "  The interesting thing is when Connor is engaging in sex there actually has been condoms in the scene , they just have never made the final shot . When Connor was with Oliver , there were condoms on the table by the bed ; when he had sex with Pax , there was a condom on the set then . " If a gay character is having safer sex and no one sees it , is he really having it ? "  You never see James Bond pull out a condom , " Falahee said . "  Maybe society has progressed to the point where we can treat heterosexual scenes and homosexual scenes the same . Or maybe there is something socially that makes us all uncomfortable about seeing a couple on TV pause to use protection no matter who that couple is . " Falahee 's character has become a bit of a lightning rod for a litany of sex and society stories in the media , from The Washington Post to BuzzFeed . On Sunday , Falahee is attending a fund-raiser for the Trevor Project , his first appearance at a lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender event since the show 's debut . The Trevor Project is a nonprofit organization addressing suicide prevention -- not HIV/AIDS -- but he expects as the chatter about his character grows , so will his involvement with other groups . Especially since his brother is an immunologist . "  I 'm aware of the conversations that are happening today about drugs that can prevent you from contracting HIV , " Falahee said . "  It 's a really important one to have , and not a lot of people know about them . " He is referring to pre-exposure prophylaxis , or PrEP for short . Essentially it is treatment as prevention . And while there are some , such as AIDS activist Larry Kramer , who question the logic of taking medicine before you are sick , that is in fact something we already do . For example , we are encouraged to take antimalarial drugs before traveling to countries where the virus is prevalent . Studies have found the antiretrovirals used to treat patients who are HIV positive reduce the chances of HIV-negative people contracting the virus by 96 % . The findings are so promising that the White House has included PrEP in its strategy to reduce the overall number of new HIV infections by 25 % in 2015 . All great news -- the problem is getting the word out , and that 's where a popular TV character such as Connor comes in . "  This is a conversation elites , white gay bloggers , policy people and researchers are having , " John Schneider , an associate professor at the University of Chicago and director of the Chicago Center for HIV Elimination , told me . "  This conversation is not happening in the community that needs to hear it most -- young gay and bisexual men of color . " Last summer I attended the first White House symposium on HIV/AIDS specifically targeting the LGBT community and was shocked to learn that black gay and bisexual youth -- men having sex with men , or MSM -- between the ages of 13 and 24 account for 55 % of new MSM infections in that age group . Neil Giuliano , CEO of the San Francisco AIDS Foundation , told me that while it is true young men of color are more likely to contract the virus than other groups , it is important that activists and media alike push the information out to everyone to end AIDS . "  Culture influences behavior , " Giuliano said . "  It influences behavior people find acceptable and behavior that is unacceptable . And when you look at the arc of LGBT rights , without question the fair , accurate and inclusiveness in media has been nothing short of transformative in the experience we have in our everyday lives . "  So yeah , it would be amazing to have Connor talk about PrEP because it would help get the message out . We do n't want to tell people what to do or how to live their lives . But we want them to be informed . " It 's a sentiment echoed by Darrel Cummings , chief of staff at the Los Angeles LGBT Center . "  We have not been parental in this , " he said . "  We tell people this is one of the tools that 's helpful in stopping the transmission of HIV and let them make up their own minds . There are naysayers out there . There are people who say PrEP encourages people to be promiscuous , but that has n't been our experience . " People still smoke . People still drink and drive . People still eat poorly . Having a TV character talk about safe sex is not the silver bullet that will kill AIDS . But it is another mode of disseminating critical information in the fight , much in the way Vice President Joe Biden cited "  Will & Grace " as a show that helped change the country 's attitude toward same-sex marriage . So yeah , it 's great that Connor and the other 31 LGBT characters can have sex like everyone else on TV . But now that we 're watching , what will they show us ?	Gay characters on "  How to Get Away With Murder " do n't appear to use condoms With AIDS still present , should TV send better message ? LZ Granderson asks Actor Jack Falahaee says that the same standard is n't there for heterosexuals Granderson : Having a gay TV character talk about safe sex could help change attitudes
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- A Somali militant group wanting to rid the war-torn country of an al Qaeda-linked movement welcomed Saturday the African Union 's decision last week to expand its peacekeeping presence in the country . Members of the Ahlu Sunna Wal Jama militia -- showing off their power by brandishing a small arsenal of light and heavy weaponry -- denounced Islamic militant group Al-Shabaab during a press conference in the capital , Mogadishu , and announced their support of the AU 's decision to add at least 2,000 more troops to the 6,000-strong force targeting such groups . Al-Shabaab , which has pledged allegiance to al Qaeda , controls much of southern Somalia and portions of Mogadishu . Ahlu Sunna Wal Jama , which follows the Sufi form of Islam , turned against it after Al-Shabaab fighters destroyed the tombs of several revered leaders of the Sufi Muslim group in 2008 . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for bomb blasts earlier this month in Uganda , which came just two weeks before an African Union summit there . More than 70 people were killed in the attacks . The group said the attacks were in retaliation for Uganda 's troop contribution of the AU 's peacekeeping operations in Somalia , known as AMISOM . Al-Shabaab follows the strict Saudi Arabian-inspired Wahhabi interpretation of Islam , rather than the Sufi Islam of many Somalis . Al-Shabaab and Ahlu Sunna Wal Jama , which have a power-sharing agreement with the federal government , are rivals and have battled each other for nearly two years . The United States is backing the African Union 's mission in Somalia . Some observers say Somalia needs a political , rather than military , solution . The AU patrols just a few streets in Mogadishu and protects facilities belonging to the weak central government , including the presidential palace . The country has been virtually lawless since 1991 , when the government of President Siad Barre , was overthrown .	Group favors African Union deploying more troops in Somalia Ahlu Sunna Wal Jama rallies in capital of Mogadishu Al-Shabaab follows strict Islamic rules , has ties to al Qaeda
Panama City , Panama  CNN  -- Panamanian officials are preparing for the return of former dictator Manuel Noriega , who is scheduled to be extradited from France this weekend , Panama 's foreign minister told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol . Noriega , 77 , will arrive in Panama Sunday on a flight with the Spanish airline Iberia , the foreign ministry said in a statement . Authorities are preparing to step up security to guarantee Noriega 's safety in prison , Foreign Minister Roberto Henriquez said Wednesday . "  We have to be ready for all the possibilities in all aspects . Noriega inspires very big emotions , and Noriega 's life could very well be at risk in Panama , " Henriquez said . Calls for protests against the former military dictator have already begun , Henriquez said . "  Noriega has some friends who still follow him . But also a large majority of the Panamanian people resent his behavior . They are already mobilizing in Panama , " he said . France ordered Noriega 's extradition earlier this year , responding to a Panamanian government request for the former dictator 's return to face charges that he had a political rival killed . Panamanian officials want him to face justice there in the case of the killing of Hugo Spadafora , a doctor and political opponent of Noriega . Noriega was convicted in absentia of being involved with the kidnapping and killing of Spadafora in 1985 . Several steps remain before the extradition , Panama 's foreign ministry said in a statement Wednesday . Panama 's attorney general will arrive in Paris Thursday , and doctors will conduct a medical exam of Noriega Saturday , the statement said . Judicial officials in Panama will determine whether Noriega can stand trial , Henriquez said . Last year , a French court sentenced Noriega to seven years in prison for money laundering . He also was fined almost 2.3 million euros  $ 2.9 million  , the amount of drug money he was accused of laundering through French banks . Noriega denied the charges . U.S. forces removed the ex-dictator from office during the 1989 invasion of Panama . Noriega had fled his offices and tried to seek sanctuary in the Vatican Embassy in Panama City . U.S. troops set up large speakers around the compound , blaring music at all hours , a psychological ploy to rattle the general . He surrendered in January 1990 , and was quickly escorted to the United States for civilian trial . The U.S. government has portrayed Noriega as the ultimate crooked cop -- a man who was paid millions by the Medellin drug cartel in Colombia to protect cocaine and money shipments . He was convicted of drug trafficking and other crimes in the United States . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton cleared the way for Noriega to be sent to France in April 2010 after he spent 20 years in a U.S. federal prison . Noriega and his attorneys had argued the United States was violating the Geneva Convention by not sending him back to Panama , where he was seized by U.S. troops after the United States invaded that country in 1989 in Operation Nifty Package . U.S. federal courts ruled against him . Noriega 's U.S. sentence , originally for 30 years , ended in September 2007 after time off for good behavior . However , he remained in prison while the French extradition issue was decided . While in U.S. custody , Noriega suffered from prostate cancer and had a stroke .	NEW : The foreign ministry says Noriega will arrive in Panama Sunday "  Noriega 's life could very well be at risk in Panama , " the foreign minister says Panamanian officials want him to face charges there The former dictator has been convicted of crimes in the U.S. and France
CNN  -- Gareth Bale has enjoyed an astonishing season -- but the Welsh wing wizard faces a nervous wait to find out whether he will be back in action any time soon . Tottenham star Bale injured his right ankle while going in for a challenge with Basel 's David Degen on a frustrating night for the home team as it came from two goals down to rescue a 2-2 draw in the first leg of its Europa League quarterfinal . The 23-year-old has enjoyed an outstanding season , scoring 22 goals in 38 appearances for a Tottenham side chasing a place in next season 's Champions League . "  It should n't be as bad as it looks on the image , " manager Andre Villas-Boas told the BBC after still television pictures had shown a painful looking blow . "  There is a big , big possibility if we stay positive that he will be fit for the Man City game  on April 21  and it will only take him out of two games . " "  We still have a big squad and the ability to adapt  without Bale  . "  We just have to play against Everton  at the weekend  and see when these players get back to make us even stronger . " Bale 's injury capped a frustrating night for Tottenham , which failed to produce the kind of performance its fans had been expected . Not since 1984 has the club won a European trophy -- on that occasion it defeated Anderlecht over two legs to win the now defunct UEFA Cup . But any thoughts supporters might have had of reaching the final in Amsterdam were well and truly shattered as Basel started at breakneck speed . Swiss champion Basel , which knocked Manchester United out of the Champions League in 2011 , grabbed a 30th minute lead when Valentin Stocker fired home from close range after Marco Streller 's effort had hit the post . With White Hart Lane stunned into silence , Basel took full advantage with Fabian Frei heading home just four minutes later . Tottenham , currently third in the Premier League , hit back before the break when Emmanuel Adebayor poked home with Gylfi Sigurdsson 's deflected effort ensuring the game finished level . Across London , Fernando Torres scored twice as Chelsea claimed a 3-1 win over Russian side Rubin Kazan at Stamford Bridge . The Spain striker , wearing a face mask to protect his broken nose , opened the scoring on 16 minutes before Victor Moses added a second to give Rafael Benitez 's men a measure of control . Bebras Natcho 's penalty reduced the arrears , but Torres plundered another goal after the break to seal the win . "  It 's good for his confidence , " Benitez told ESPN following Torres ' double . "  His work-rate was really good . I 'm pleased for him . I have said before , he 's training well . It was a question of time . "  He scored two goals today and hopefully it will be the same in the next game . " Elsewhere , Benfica came from a goal down to claim a 3-1 win over Newcastle at Estadio da Luz . Newcastle grabbed a 12th minute lead through Papiss Cisse and almost extended its advantage further only for the same player 's strike to crash against the post . Benfica hit back when Rodrigo lashed home from close-range following a mistake by Newcastle goalkeeper Tim Krul . But the visitor continued to threaten and the post once again denied Cisse much to the frustration of manager Alan Pardew . That frustration was increased when a defensive error by Davide Santon allowed Lima to fire Benfica in front with 25 minutes remaining before Oscar Cardozo rounded off the scoring from the penalty spot . "  If we 'd taken 2-1 you 'd like to think we 'd have a fantastic chance but it 's an uphill chance now , " Pardew told ITV4 . "  I think the away goal could come into it if we get the first goal  in the second leg  . If we can get the first goal we only need one more . "  They are a quality side and we have to give them respect , but we showed tonight if we are ambitious we can hurt a team . " In Turkey , Fenerbahce scored twice in the final 12 minutes to claim a 2-0 win over Italian side Lazio . Pierre Webo and Dirk Kuyt were both on target for the home side in Istanbul , which proved too strong for a Lazio team forced to play with 10-men after Ogenyi Onazi was shown the red card three minutes after the break . Meanwhile , Barcelona confirmed it has lodged a formal complaint with UEFA following the performance of German referee Wolfgang Stark during Tuesday 's 2-2 Champions League draw at Paris Saint-Germain . The La Liga leader was unhappy that the official failed to stop play during the quarterfinal first leg tie while Javier Mascherano and Jordi Alba were both left prostrate following a collision in the penalty area . "  The club has written to UEFA due to a series of incidents on the pitch in the understanding that objectively speaking it was evident that the referee did not apply the rules of the game , " Barca spokesman Toni Freixa told a news conference Thursday . "  When two players from the same team are on the floor the referee should stop the match , which did not happen . "  What 's more he then obliged them to leave the pitch , in contravention of the rules . "  An incident that is sufficiently serious in a competition like the Champions League to bring to UEFA 's attention so that it does not happen again . " Barca also made public its annoyance at the failure of the officials to rule out Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's strike , which came with the forward in an offside position . The Swede 's 79th minute effort , which made the score 1-1 , was fiercely contested by the Barcelona players . "  We are fully conscious of the possibility of errors in refereeing and we do not consider ourselves badly treated , " Freixa said . "  But it surprises us that in a high-level competition a referee does not know the rules . "  We are not judging the work of referees but the basic principle that a judge should know the law . We hope it does not happen again . "	Tottenham 's Gareth Bale suffered ankle injury in 2-2 draw with Basel Fernando Torres scored twice as Chelsea defeated Rubin Kazan 3-1 Benfica came from behind to see off Newcastle 3-1 in Lisbon Fenerbahce late show ensured 2-0 triumph over Lazio
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When Lijia Zhang was 10-years old , her mother told her babies are born from armpits . "  I thought that 's strange , because there 's no hole there , " Zhang recalls , adding that she "  had absolutely nothing " in terms of sex ed when she was growing up in Nanjing in the 1970s , beyond what her mother told her . Now a journalist writing for English-language publications , Zhang publicly revealed her own experience of molestation by a schoolteacher in a recent opinion piece on the severity of child sex abuse in China . Zhang is part of a growing number of voices calling for better sex education to combat child sex abuse , rising rates of sexually transmitted diseases , and unwanted pregnancies . "  With so little sex education and knowledge , you become very vulnerable to abuse , " says Zhang . Sex education is taught inadequately in school and avoided by parents , resulting in generations of Chinese children growing up wondering if babies come out of armpits , or from the garbage dump , as others have also cited . "  We 've never had a class on sex ed at my school . We 're not even allowed to have a boyfriend or a girlfriend . No kissing , nothing , " says Sun Meimei , an 18-year-old student at a top boarding school in wealthy Chengdu . Her teachers simply told her she would "  be in trouble " if she had a boyfriend . No incentive Typically , Chinese students are taught the basic anatomical differences between the sexes and little else . There 's no real incentive for educator or student to learn about it . It then becomes a vicious cycle : no one learns about it so no one is in a position to later teach it . But the puritanical classrooms hardly translate to a prudish society . A 2012 survey by the Qiushi journal showed that 70 % of Chinese have engaged in pre-marital sex , up from just 15 % of those surveyed in 1989 . Top-down efforts to make sex education part of the compulsory education curriculum were seen at the CPPCC this past March when two committee members spoke out about the issue . Meanwhile , Chinese Internet users have taken matters into their own hands , posting videos that teach crucial sex facts in one-minute clips , with some going viral and being watched millions of times . Nothing to be desired The repercussions of a population in the dark about the bedroom are vast . Sexually transmitted infections  STIs  are on the ascent and China has particularly high rates of syphilis , while sexual transmission now accounts for 81.7 % of all new HIV infections . Unwanted pregnancies are also rife . China has a staggering 13 million annual abortions , according to recent data published by China 's National Health and Family Planning Commission in 2013 . In one instance a teenage girl underwent 13 abortions . These numbers would lower significantly if Chinese women knew how to use contraception effectively -- but most do n't . The lack of sex education plagues rural and urban areas equally . Meizhen Wu is a market researcher , investigating sexual health as part of her job . She had never heard of the human papilloma virus  HPV  , a commonly transmitted STD responsible for 70 % of cervical cancer cases worldwide . Wu only found out about it when her company put her in charge of work related to the HPV vaccine , which in China , is only available in Hong Kong . Wu remembers her own sex education . It consisted of watching one 45-minute-long video explaining sexual differences between boys and girls . The video was counterproductive . Wu says it reinforced gender stereotypes of girls as passive and boys as active and aggressive . Herein lies a dark consequence of poor sex education : females are particularly compromised . A recent report from the United Nations revealed a shocking 22.2 % of 998 Chinese males surveyed had raped a woman . Children also do n't have the knowledge to protect themselves from unwanted sexual attention . A total of 125 cases of sexual assault on children were reported in 2013 . Richard Burger , author of "  Behind the Red Door : Sex in China , " says knowledge is as important for empowering potential victims as it is for curbing aggressors . "  Better sexual education would teach men to respect women more and be sensitive to their sexual needs , including the right to say ` no , ' " he says . Dirty talk When the Communists came to power in 1949 , talking about sex became strictly taboo . It was erased from public life , especially during the Cultural Revolution when men and women squeezed into gender-neutral Mao jackets and all energy was directed towards the revolutionary cause . This changed during China 's opening up period starting in the mid-1970s . As years of state-sponsored puritanism began to dissolve , the first sex education courses were instated in Shanghai , in 1981 . The same year saw the Ministry of Education announcing sex ed classes would be established in all middle schools throughout the country . Even then , the government preached abstention over indulgence . For example , the 1988 sex education charter warned adolescents of the dangers of premarital sex . Ultimately , a prudish attitude prevails and as yet no standardized and authoritative teaching materials have been issued on the topic . The government approach dovetails with its concerns over "  polluted " and "  unhealthy " material : References to sex , including kissing , are constantly edited out of public life , such as the sex scenes cut from Ang Lee 's "  Lust , Caution " or more recently , the censoring of an on-stage lesbian kiss during the 2013 Eurovision Song Contest . Educators have also largely ignored what calls the government has made to improve sex education . In part , teachers are too embarrassed to cover the subject , but primarily they concentrate on meeting their own academic targets . Sex is not a subject tested in the all-important university entrance exam and teachers have little incentive to emphasize the subject . "  At school the focus is to get students to score high in exams in order to get them into good universities . Sex education is not considered important , " Zhang explains . Parents spur this on , pressuring their children to concentrate on academics above all else . Zhang adds that Confucian thought does n't encourage open discussion of sex . As a popular saying goes : "  Lust is the worst of all wicked things ; Filial piety is the best of all good things . " TCM obstacles Traditional Chinese medicine offers advice on coitus that can be at odds with modern science -- again impeding honest talk about sex . "  There are big gaps between western concepts and Chinese traditional culture , " says Tao Lin , president of the World Association of Chinese Sexologists . Within traditional Chinese thought , semen is believed to be more precious than blood , with one drop said to equal 10 drops of blood . Excessive sexual activity that causes the loss of semen from the body is thought to be harmful , explains Tao . The combination of misinformation and lack of teachers who are qualified on the subject is toxic , says Tao . "  Contradictions arise between radical and conservative , right and wrong . The radical may explain the use of condoms in middle school while the conservative still insist on abstinence in college . Someone says puppy love is beneficial , while someone says puppy love should be prohibited , " says Tao . He adds that only one college in the country -- Capital Normal University -- offers an academic minor in sex education . Protecting the future With few avenues for young Chinese to turn to for information , the Internet and the arts have become key educators . An online survey showed that 88 % of Chinese youth polled said they had learned about sex on their own . There are signs of change . In light of child abuse cases , the issue of China 's poor sex education has recently gained traction . There 's growing support amongst parents for improvements and the government released a teaching outline in March for sex education lessons . It offers step-by-step guidance on how to instruct primary school children to better protect themselves from sexual abuse . Many NGOs are also aiding the dissemination of knowledge . Tao 's organisation is one example , but he lists a series of other social organizations , such as the Ford Foundation and Path , who have all done "  a great deal to promote sex education in China . " Lily Liu Liqing , country director from NGO Marie Stopes , which was established in China in 2000 , says they aim "  to empower young people to have open and informed attitudes towards love , sex and life " through a series of services . Their best known initiative is the You & Me clinics , where young people can receive information on family planning .	Sex-related social issues on the rise in China , including sexual assault , STDs , unwanted pregnancies Sex education is key to eradicating these problems , but educators have little incentive to teach Traditional beliefs impede honest talk about sex A one-minute Chinese video explaining important sex facts goes viral online
CNN  -- The European Tour is continuing its global expansion by targeting what it calls "  one of the world 's biggest golf markets . " It has launched a Japanese version of its official website -- the first in a non-European language following French , German and Spanish ones . The European Tour does not have any tournaments in Japan , which has its own circuit , but has made big inroads in other Asian venues such as China , South Korea , Malaysia , Hong Kong and Singapore . "  It is another important step forward in our strategy of providing a localized experience of the European Tour for our fans all over the world , " director of broadcasting and new media Mark Lichtenhein said . "  Given the globalization of the European Tour and popularity of golf and the Tour in Japan , this introduction of the first non-European language is an exciting new dimension to our multilingual strategy . " The ruling body will team up with Golf Digest Online to provide the content , marking the beginning of its 2013 Race to Dubai season . "  We believe this agreement will bring huge benefit for Japanese audience , and we will make our best effort to showcase the great tournaments and players from the European Tour , " Golf Digest Online editor in chief Yasuko Mukai said . The news came as Masters champion Bubba Watson tipped young Japanese golfer Ryo Ishikawa to become the first player from his country to win a major title . The American played with the 21-year-old for the first two rounds of this week 's Thailand Championship -- they were tied for seventh after the third round on Saturday . "  He 's good enough to win at any level -- he can win a major , " Watson said of Ishikawa , who finished 108th on the PGA Tour this year and will play fulltime on the U.S. circuit in 2013 . They were 11 shots behind South Africa 's Charl Schwartzel , who took a five-stroke advantage over Sweden 's Daniel Chopra into Sunday 's final round -- when he will seek to win his first title since earning his maiden major at the 2011 Masters . The European Tour 's opening event for the 2013 season has been plagued by bad weather in South Africa , where home hope Tim Clark shared the lead after a delayed first round on Saturday . Clark and Denmark 's Morten Orum Madsen both carded five-under-par 60 at the Nelson Mandela Championship , while South Africa 's Lindani Ndwandwe was tied for third with England 's Chris Lloyd on 61 . At the Australian Open , John Senden took a two-shot lead into Sunday 's final round as he seeks to win his home event for the second time . The 41-year-old Queenslander , champion in 2006 , was being chased by Ryder Cup star Justin Rose -- who is bidding to become only the second European to win the tournament , following fellow Englishman Lee Westwood in 1997 . Meanwhile , China 's Shanshan Feng won the Ladies European Tour 's season-ending event in Dubai on Saturday , having led from the first round . The world No. 6 preserved her five-shot lead in Saturday 's final round to finish with the lowest total since the event began in 2006 -- her 21-under-par 267 beat the 18-under set by Sweden 's Annika Sorenstam and In Kyung Kim of South Korea . However , she was unable to beat Sorenstam 's record winning margin of six shots from the inaugural staging as she carded 69 to stay clear of Dutch golfer Dewi Claire Schreefel . Defending champion Lexi Thompson of the U.S. was tied for 10th , 12 shots behind the winner . .	European Tour seeking to make inroads in the Japanese golf market It launches a Japanese version of its website -- the first non-European language European Tour has no tournaments in Japan , which has its own circuit Ryo Ishikawa , one of golf 's best young talents , will play in U.S. in 2013
CNN  -- A bride is in mourning . Hours after the wedding , groom William Riley Knight , 49 , of Crown Point , Indiana , was run over and killed . His new wife was not injured . They had just left their reception , according to Patti Van Til , a spokeswoman with the Lake County , Indiana , Sheriff 's Department . "  She was still in her wedding dress , " she said . Knight was acting as a good Samaritan on Saturday night when he stopped to assist Linda Darlington , whose vehicle had slid into a ditch along a road in Crown Point . He climbed out to help while his wife waited in the car . He and Darlington , 42 , were struck multiple times as they stood by the side of the road . She was also killed . According to CNN affiliate WBBM , which spoke to Knight 's ex-wife , he had four children , including two stepchildren . He acted in community theater , was a hunter and reportedly served in the U.S. Army Rangers before retiring in the mid-1990s . "  He was very outgoing , always wanting to help somebody , " said friend Rob Biella , CNN affiliate WLS reported . "  He was good to be around my kids . I 'm glad they got to know him . " All drivers remained on scene , and there is nothing to suggest that alcohol was a factor in the crash , according to Van Til . The accident remains under investigation . "  He was just trying to do a good thing for somebody in need , " the spokeswoman said . "  It 's very sad . We have a job to do here , but sometimes it just brings you sadness . " Bride loses her groom and her leg , but not her faith	William Riley Knight had stopped to help a woman whose vehicle had slid into a ditch He and Linda Darlington were struck multiple times as they stood by the side of the road Knight 's new wife was waiting in the car when the accident happened "  We have a job to do here , but sometimes it just brings you sadness , " a spokeswoman says
CNN  Riders on a New York roller coaster took the long way down Sunday after Coney Island 's historic Cyclone got stuck in its track on opening day . No one was injured in the mishap , which occurred about noon during the first run because of an "  isolated mechanical issue , " a Luna Park spokeswoman said . The park 's operations team helped each passenger down "  one by one , " and the ride was closed the rest of the day for repairs , spokeswoman Erica Hoffman said . "  Safety is the number one priority for our guests here at Luna Park , " Hoffman said . "  Nobody was injured , and those on the ride were safely evacuated and will be able to come ride again for free when it is open again . " Images and videos shared on social media showed people slowly walking down the 88-year-old wooden roller coaster . "  That thing was the scariest thing I ever did , " 24-year-old David Zubin told amNY of the walk down . "  The bricks , walking down , looked like it was going to break when you stepped on it . " Steven Hernandez was waiting in line when the coaster got stuck . He and others watched in suspense , taking photos and video on their smartphones , as riders carefully climbed down stairs alongside the track . The 22-year-old from Brooklyn said he shows up for opening day at Luna Park every year . He heads straight to the Cyclone to be among the first 100 people who get to ride for free , he said . "  People were trying to figure out why the Cyclone got stuck at the top , " he said . "  I go there every year ,  and  that never happened . " The Cyclone opened on June 26 , 1927 , during Coney Island 's heyday as one of country 's largest recreation areas . With more than 2,640 feet of track featuring 12 drops and 27 elevation changes , the Cyclone was long considered the standard against which "  compact wooden twisters " were measured . An official New York City Landmark since July 12 , 1988 , Cyclone was listed in the New York State Register of Historic Places on June 31 , 1991 , according to NYC.com . Its status help preserve its spot in Coney Island after the Astroland amusement park closed in 2008 and reopened as Luna Park in 2009 . See images of the situation Hernandez received a complimentary ticket for his next ride after the park operators closed the ride for repairs . He looks forward to using it ; the incident wo n't deter him from returning to the Cyclone , he said . "  I 've been riding that ride since I was 14 , " he said . "  I love it . " CNN 's David Shortell contributed to this report .	No injuries reported after Coney Island roller coaster gets stuck in track Says one rider of the walk down : "  That thing was the scariest thing I ever did "
CNN  -- A dozen years ago , jockey Victor Espinoza went into the Belmont Stakes on War Emblem with a chance to win one of sports ' great titles , the Triple Crown . But the horse stumbled out of the gate and finished eighth . Espinoza , who has been riding professionally since 1993 , told CNN that he is excited to get a second chance for greatness on June 7 on California Chrome . "  I am ready for it this time , and I am prepared to get it done , " he said Tuesday at Santa Anita Park in California , adding that being in the situation before was a big help . Espinoza said he was never worried about whether California Chrome would be able to wear a nasal strip , as he has in his past six races , all wins . That includes wins at the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes . Stewards in New York voted Tuesday to change the state 's policy toward nasal strips on thoroughbreds . "  I think it was very nice of them , " he said . "  I do n't know if it really helps him or not , but he 's been running with  them  so why change . Espinoza spoke of his relationship with the horse , which he has ridden for the six-race winning streak . "  He loves to run , and I think he likes it when I let him know that I am in control , " Espinoza said . "  I want him to listen to me , what I want him to do during the race , and I think he likes that . " Espinoza said he was taking a few days to "  shut down my mind for a little bit . " Even with the Belmont representing the biggest race of his life , he said he was even thinking about it yet . Espinoza , who has more than 20,000 career starts , is scheduled to race twice at Santa Anita on Friday .	Victor Espinoza says 2002 has prepared him for this year 's Triple Crown attempt Twelve years ago his horse stumbled out of the gate at the Belmont Stakes Espinoza says California Chrome likes it when the jockey shows who is boss
An Iraq war veteran who was arrested after jumping a White House fence suffers from PTSD , his former stepson told CNN Sunday . Omar Gonzalez hopped the north fence Friday and sprinted just past the north portico White House doors when he was stopped , Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary said . The veteran carried in his pants pocket a Spyderco VG-10 folding knife with a 3-and-a-half inch serrated blade , according to an affidavit . A Secret Service officer said he yelled at the intruder to stop . Gonzalez told a Secret Service agent "  that he was concerned that the atmosphere was collapsing and needed to get the information to the President of the United States so that he could get the word out to the people , " according to the affidavit . Gonzalez is accused of unlawfully entering a restricted building or grounds while carrying a deadly or dangerous weapon , officials said . As of Saturday , Gonzalez was in custody and set to appear in court Monday . President Barack Obama and his family were not at home at the time . On Sunday , Gonzalez 's former stepson Jerry S. Murphy told CNN that Gonzalez 's eight-year marriage to his mother ended two years ago -- information that marriage records supports . Murphy said he last spoke to Gonzalez around the time of the split but knows that Gonzalez was seeing a therapist on base at Fort Hood in Texas . Gonzalez was diagnosed with PTSD and paranoia , and his base psychiatrist had prescribed the veteran medication for both conditions , Murphy said . Gonzalez did three tours in Iraq and is a "  great , great guy , " his ex-stepson said . Murphy views Gonzalez as a "  hero " who took great pride in serving his country . But after each deployment , Gonzalez 's mental state seemed to deteriorate , Murphy said . The veteran acted constantly "  alert . " Murphy feels that Gonzalez should have been given more help and does n't think Gonzalez had intentions of hurting anyone at the White House . The knife that was found in Gonzalez 's pocket was a weapon the veteran routinely carried , Murphy said . Criticism of White House security The fence jumping incident was not the only security breach at the White House over the weekend . In a second incident Saturday , Kevin Carr of Shamong , New Jersey , was arrested after driving up to a security barrier and trying to enter the White House by walking to it . Carr was arrested and charged with unlawful entry , Leary told CNN . Records show Carr was born in 1995 , making him around 19 . According to Leary , the incident happened at the entrance at 15th and E streets , where the driver did not stop when the Secret Service ordered him to do so . The man 's car did not hit the barriers at the entrance , and he then got out of his vehicle . Carr was arrested after he refused to leave , Leary said . The Obamas were not at home at the time of the second incident either . Minutes before Gonzalez jumped the fence , the President and his daughters left the South Lawn by helicopter . It is not clear where first lady Michelle Obama was , but officials tell CNN that the family was staying at Camp David , Maryland , for the weekend . The Secret Service said Gonzalez should have been stopped faster and are investigating personnel and reviewing security policies and procedures . The Secret Service is planning to beef up its presence and enhance its surveillance measures around the White House on Monday following Friday 's security breach , a federal law enforcement official said . Rep. Mike Rogers , a Michigan Republican and chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , suggested that the Secret Service has lapsed in the testing and audits that would have kept security up to standard . "  We see this a lot . It happens frequently in other places where there are static security forces , and it 's just a matter of the Secret Service upping their game to make sure that they can maintain that every detail matters . A door locked , a quick reaction when somebody hits the fence and over the gate , " Rogers said on CBS on Sunday morning . "  I think they are going to have to reinstate some of these ongoing checks about what activities they participate in . " Rep. Peter King , R-New York , demanded a full investigation and called for a congressional hearing to ensure that changes are made . "  There can be a lot of conspiracies against a president . A lot of very complex assassination plots , " King said on Fox News . "  This is the most basic , the most simple type of procedure and how anyone , especially in these days of ISIS , and we 're concerned about terrorist attacks , someone could actually get into the White House without being stopped is inexcusable . " In a statement from White House on Saturday night , spokesperson Frank Benenati said the President expressed his support for the Secret Service . "  The President has full confidence in the Secret Service and is grateful to the men and women who day in and day out protect himself , his family and the White House , " the statement read . "  The Secret Service is in the process of conducting a thorough review of the event on Friday evening , and we are certain it will be done with the same professionalism and commitment to duty that we and the American people expect from the USSS . " May : Lost driver ends up in White House motorcade	The Secret Service will beef up its presence and enhance surveillance Monday White House fence jumper 's ex-stepson tells CNN jumper has PTSD The ex-stepson says Omar Gonzalez was being treated at Fort Hood in Texas Gonzalez did three tours in Iraq , his mental state worsened after each , ex-stepson said
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Fifteen people , including a baby , were killed and 18 others were injured Sunday when a truck on its way to Lagos , Nigeria , crashed into several vehicles and caught fire , police said Monday . Lagos police spokesman Frank Mba said the truck 's brakes failed outside Lagos , and the driver lost control . The 18 people injured were being treated in a hospital , Mba said .	A baby was among those killed in the multi-vehicle crash The truck was headed to Lagos when its brakes failed
CNN  -- Real Madrid snatched a 3-2 victory at Valencia to remain five points behind Spanish leaders Barcelona , who triumphed 1-0 in the Catalan derby with Espanyol earlier on Saturday night . Real , missing the suspended Cristiano Ronaldo , needed an 83rd-minute winner from substitute defender Ezequiel Garay as all five goals came in the second half at the Mestalla . Madrid had twice gone ahead through Garay 's fellow Argentinian Gonzalo Higuain but Valencia -- who won last season 's corresponding fixture 3-0 -- battled back through Spain striker David Villa and Joaquin Sanchez . Sergio Ramos headed against the post in the first half , but Real suffered a big blow when fellow defender Pepe was stretchered off just before the interval after the Portugal international fell awkwardly . Higuain , who turned 22 on Thursday , headed the opening goal from Karim Benzema 's cross nine minutes after the break , but Villa leveled six minutes later as he headed in off the underside of the crossbar from Jeremy Mathieu 's cross to make up for David Navarro 's close-range miss just beforehand . Marcelo then set up Higuain for his eighth goal this season -- all of which have come in the past seven games -- but substitute Joaquin beat goalkeeper Iker Casillas at his near post in the 80th minute . However , Garay 's glancing header from Xabi Alonso 's free-kick kept Real in touch with Barca , who have played one more match . The Spanish and European champions needed a controversial penalty from Zlatan Ibrahimovic to edge past their city rivals Espanyol at the Nou Camp . The Swede slotted his 11th league goal this season , one behind top scorer Villa , after Xavi went down in the area despite minimal contact from former Barcelona youth player Raul Baena six minutes before halftime . The hosts started with Thierry Henry in the absence of injured European player of the year Lionel Messi , but the Frenchman and Ibrahimovic were unable to take advantage of several chances . Pep Guardiola 's team will now head to Dubai for the FIFA World Club Cup , where they will meet Atlante in the semifinals following the Mexican team 's 3-0 win against New Zealand champions Auckland on Saturday . Espanyol suffered a fifth straight defeat , but can not end the weekend in the relegation zone thanks to Real Zaragoza 's 2-1 defeat at home to Athletic Bilbao earlier on Saturday . The Basque side bounced back from last weekend 's 2-1 home defeat to Valencia to go seventh above Sporting Gijon , who host fourth-placed Sevilla on Sunday . Sevilla are one point behind Valencia , who trail Barcelona by 11 and Real by six .	Real Madrid win 3-2 at Valencia to remain five points behind Spanish leaders Barcelona Substitute defender Ezequiel Garay heads late winner as all five goals come in second half Fellow Argentine Gonzalo Higuain twice put Real ahead against third-placed Valencia Barcelona win Catalan derby against Espanyol thanks to controversial penalty
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Peter Robbins was a child when he provided the iconic voice for Charlie Brown , still heard every year when the classic 1960s television movies are rebroadcast . Today , Robbins is in the San Diego County jail , inmate No. 13704837 , charged with 12 felony counts of making criminal threats and stalking , authorities said . Robbins , 56 , of Oceanside , California , pleaded not guilty Wednesday to the charges in San Diego County Superior Court , said District Attorney Bonnie Dumanis . Robbins is facing up to nine years in state prison for stalking his ex-girlfriend and making criminal threats against a La Jolla plastic surgeon , the prosecutor said . San Diego Superior Court Judge David Szumowski set Robbins ' bail at $ 550,000 , and he was ordered to have no contact with the two people involved in the case and not to possess a gun , Dumanis said . A readiness hearing for Robbins has been set for February 22 and a preliminary hearing has been scheduled for March 22 . When heroes disappoint our kids Border Patrol agents arrested Robbins late Sunday as he entered the United States from Mexico at the San Ysidro , California , port of entry , according to a U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman . A computer check of his passport revealed that Robbins , who was driving into the country alone in a 2006 Mercedes , was wanted in San Diego on a felony warrant , Customs spokesman Ralph DeSio said . Robbins acknowledged to police that he is the same Peter Robbins who was the child actor , San Diego Police spokesman Gary Hassen said . The four counts of threatening death and one stalking charge involve four victims , including a San Diego Police sergeant . Robbins allegedly threatened the officer with bodily harm during a January 13 incident , Hassen said . Police in Oceanside and Carlsbad , California , are also investigating incidents there , Hassan said . CNN was unable to contact Robbins or a representative for comment . Robbins was 9 in 1965 when he was cast as Charlie Brown in the animated "  A Boy Named Charlie Brown . " "  A Charlie Brown Christmas " was produced later that year , using Robbins as the lead voice . Other TV movies using Robbins ' voice include "  Charlie Brown 's All Stars ! " "  It 's the Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown , " "  You 're in Love , Charlie Brown " and "  He 's Your Dog , Charlie Brown . " His last role as Charlie Brown -- "  It Was a Short Summer , Charlie Brown " -- was produced when Robbins was 13 . He told an interviewer in 2008 that he was replaced when his voice changed too much after he turned 14 . Robbins ' on-camera acting career included featured roles in episodes of TV 's "  Rawhide , " "  The Munsters , " "  F Troop " and "  Get Smart . " Robbins ' last acting role was in a 1972 episode of "  My Three Sons , " according to the Internet Movie Database . He grew up to become a California real estate agent , living in Oceanside with his dog , Snoopy , his official biography said . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	NEW : Peter Robbins , 56 , is charged with 12 felony counts of making threats and stalking NEW : He is ordered to stay away from his ex-girlfriend and a La Jolla plastic surgeon Border Patrol agents arrested Peter Robbins late Sunday as he entered the U.S. from Mexico Robbins was 9 in 1965 when he voiced Charlie Brown in the animated TV movies
CNN  -- The Tibetan protester who set himself alight in the Indian capital ahead of Chinese President Hu Jintao 's visit this week has died . The 27-year-old man was admitted to hospital in New Delhi Monday with 90 % burns to his body , but doctors could not save him and he died on Wednesday , said L.K. Makhija , the head of the burns ward at the Ram Manohar Lohia hospital . Dramatic pictures showed the man , named by the London-based Free Tibet group as Jampa Yeshi , running along the street in flames as hundreds of protesters gathered outside the Indian parliament to protest against Chinese rule in Tibet . Many ethnic Tibetans fled Tibet for India with the Dalai Lama in 1959 after a failed uprising . President Hu was due to arrive in India for Thursday 's BRICS summit of emerging economic powers , which includes India , China , Brazil , Russia and South Africa . Self-immolation is a common form of protest for Tibetans who want genuine autonomy from China and accuse Beijing of repression . Reports : Tibetans take their lives in protest of Chinese rule More than 30 of them took place in the last year in China , Tibetan advocacy groups say . They follow an increase in security measures by the Chinese authorities in response to unrest among Tibetans in western areas of China in recent months . Some in Tibet have advocated independence from China . But the Dalai Lama , the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader , and others have said they favor genuine autonomy and resent the slow erosion of their culture amid an influx of Han Chinese , the most numerous ethnic group in China . Activists say the disturbing acts of self-immolation reflect an increasingly repressive environment under China 's control . Beijing rejects accusations of oppression of Tibetans , saying that under its rule , living standards have greatly improved for the Tibetan people . Chinese officials have described the self-immolations as "  extreme " acts . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	27-year-old man was admitted to hospital in New Delhi with 90 % burns to his body Protest against China 's rule in Tibet took places as President Hu Jintao was set to visit India Dramatic pictures showed the man running along the street in flames Chinese officials have described self-immolations as "  extreme " acts
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- In ancient China , a hat tells of social rank . For the six Ngan siblings , hats tell the story of their rise to fortune . A shop assistant displays a Beijing 2008 Olympic Games baseball cap . The Ngan siblings grew up in a poor rural village in China 's Fujian province in the 1960s and 1970s in the newly established communist China . People in Fujian and elsewhere in mainland China would speak of the fortunes that could be made in the booming Hong Kong economy . Occasionally , the talk would lead some to move to the international capitalist enclave . Today , the siblings operate their own headwear making and cosmetic trading businesses . One sister 's company is the only licensed headwear manufacturer for the upcoming Beijing 2008 Olympic Games . "  Everybody has opportunities in Hong Kong , it 's up to you if you 'll take the chance , and make use of your talents , " says the third and the eldest sister , Ngan Po Ling , Pauline . If the hat fits , wear it None of the Ngan siblings wear hats regularly . They say hats do n't really fit their oriental faces . The eldest brother Ngan Shun Kwing , without any other job offers , found work at a hat factory when he first arrived in Hong Kong in 1972 . Four years later , Ngan Shun Kwing started his own hat company with his second brother . "  Doing your own business is better than being employed , " Ngan Shun Kwing , now 55 , says . "  I have no qualifications , nobody hires me . And , when can you earn millions as a factory worker ? " The family united in 1980 when the parents and four younger siblings obtained approval to move to Hong Kong . Some of them , including their father , helped with the hat business . The company grew and later branched out to Global Headwear Ltd. , which owns factories in China , Cambodia and Bangladesh with more than 10,000 workers , offices in six U.S. cities and major clients include Polo Ralph Lauren and Abercrombie & Fitch . The three Ngan brothers and some of their children manage the corporation , which has also diversified in mining and recycling . The three sisters are also entrepreneurs , but only the fourth sibling , Ngan Po Wan , Wendy , 45 , is out of the headwear trade . She started Kingstar International Trading Ltd. in 1992 with her husband and the company is now the Hong Kong , Macau and China distributor of world-famous skin care products , including Guinot and La Colline . Pauline , 48 , also started a company with her husband , Ngan Hei Keung . In 1986 the couple began trading headwear and promotional goods and later the company formed the group , Mainland Headwear Holdings Ltd. , which was listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2000 . "  My elder brothers ' success is the spur and encouragement , " Pauline says , "  For us the younger ones , we follow their path . " Mainland Headwear is a world leader in licensed headwear manufacturing . The company holds sole license to manufacture headwear for the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games , and worldwide exclusive rights to manufacture and distribute FIFA World Cup headwear in Greater China and Japan from 2007 to 2014 . Watch a spokeswoman lead a tour of the plant " Ngan Shun Kwing , Pauline and Wendy attributed their success to their parents ' upbringing and tough rural life in Mainland China , which nurtured their exceptional diligence and determination in facing all challenges in life . From harsh rural life to Hong Kong Back in the quiet life in Chishui town in Dehua , Fujian , life was very different from Hong Kong 's . The siblings ate sweet potatoes in congee  rice porridge  , while receiving new clothes and enjoyed meat only once a year during the Chinese New Year . At night , they hardly had electric lights on . They spoke Fujian 's Chinese dialect Hokkien and the national language Putonghua . The family did small businesses . Ngan Shun Kwing and Pauline were sent to the nearby mountain Daiyun Shan to learn from farmers during the Cultural Revolution 's "  Down to the Countryside Movement . " "  The hardest life in the world is being a farmer . " Ngan Shun Kwing says . "  If you can endure a farmer 's life in China , nothing is even harder . " Pauline stayed with a family of six children whose mother died . As a young woman , she was assigned to a heavy responsibility in taking care of the family and the farm animals . "  Living in a society that rejects you , abandons you , look down on you , your inside gets even stronger , " Pauline says . So when she arrived in Hong Kong , she was even more determined to work hard and become a successful person . The trip headed to Hong Kong was the Ngan siblings ' first time on a train . The contrast between the rural and city lives created many exciting first-time experiences for the Ngan siblings when they landed in the city -- seeing airplanes , the hundreds of lights above their heads , ringing a door bell and using a coin-operated telephone . And , the first time to learn English and Cantonese -- the dominant Chinese dialect used in Hong Kong and parts of southeast China . "  We did n't even know there 's something called Cantonese , " Ngan Shun Kwing says . "  Even a coolie -LSB- unskilled laborer -RSB- needed to speak Cantonese to get hired . " Father Ngan encouraged the younger four siblings to study English . He told his children that English would secure a better career and provide opportunities abroad . "  My father is a very far-sighted person . " Wendy says , "  He did something that helped us a lifetime . If we did n't study English , I could have worked in a factory for my whole life . " In the first few years in Hong Kong , Pauline and Wendy had full days ; two hours in English class , working two part-time jobs until 10 at night , and then more language studies until 3 in the morning . Although some classmates in the English class once looked down on them as mainland migrants , Wendy says she is grateful for her experiences ; she says she now carries herself with greater confidence . "  Now as we -LSB- classmates -RSB- meet up , they would show respect and admiration for what we 've become , " Wendy says . Siblings share close relationship Despite being in the same industry , the siblings claim different clients in the headwear market and do not have direct competition . The siblings are thankful for their self-made fortune . "  People respect our ... family , not because of our businesses , but our unity , " Pauline says . The siblings ' closeness can be understood in measurable terms : Pauline and Wendy are literally next-door neighbors ; the three siblings living in the U.S. are just two to five minutes drive away . The siblings are bond by their love for work and food . When the siblings get together , they drink and chat for the entire night . They also share a favorite song -- You got ta fight , then you can win  "  Ai piah jia eh iah "  , originally sang in the Chinese dialect of Hokkien . The song was first published in 1988 in Taiwan , and quickly became popular among Chinese communities around the world . The song tells of the Ngan siblings ' heartfelt thoughts , and of those who strived for a better living in their diasporas from villages to cities , from homeland to abroad . Pauline says she 's been lucky in her life . Not many people can go through the variety of experiences she had , including the backward life in rural China , the Cultural Revolution , and Hong Kong 's economic miracle . Looking back , Pauline still thinks of the "  Hong Kong Dream " rather undreamed of . "  Today 's life is like heaven , " Pauline says , "  When I was a kid , when I think of a heaven , it 's not even as beautiful as today 's life . " The Ngans joined the hundreds of thousands who defined China 's first modern Horatio Alger stories . Today , Hong Kong is known as a center of international finance . However , without first establishing itself as a hotbed for the textile and manufacturing industries , the city would have never made this economic progression .	"  Everybody has opportunities in Hong Kong , " Ngan Po Ling , Pauline says Mainland Chinese siblings began their fortune in headwear making Pauline 's company is the Beijing Olympics ' licensed headwear manufacturer Parents ' upbringing and tough life experiences in China paved their success
CNN  -- Neither the State of the Union address by President Barack Obama nor the response by Sen. Marco Rubio will ever find a place in the anthology of best American speeches , but together they were important entries in the political dialogue . Before they fade into memory , perhaps a few words are in order about the highs and lows of the evening -- at least from this vantage point : The most savored thought : Who could have imagined a decade ago hearing an African-American deliver the State of the Union and a Latino offering the opposition 's response ? No other advanced country in the world has so fully embraced diversity . Yes , it is true that in 2009 an Indian-American gave the response , but still the country has needed to have more Latinos advance into political leadership . To have Obama and Rubio speak back-to-back was special . The emotional highlight : After a rather pedestrian opening , the president 's speech soared at the end as he called out the victims of gun violence and demanded a vote in their honor . It 's hard to remember oratory that has worked so effectively in a State of the Union . Cody Keenan , please join the president in taking a bow . Keenan is the 32-year old who just became chief speechwriter at the White House . He has been known there in the past as the deputy who had the account for eulogies and commencements -- and in those closing moments , we saw that the president chose the right person to succeed the highly respected Jon Favreau . And yes , the victims deserve a vote ! The biggest disappointment : For the president , this speech was probably his last opportunity to break open the impasse over federal deficits . Only a game-changing proposal had any chance of success -- putting a bold offer on the table of significant changes in Medicare and Social Security along with a tax overhaul in exchange for the GOP dropping the sequester and accepting near-term investments in infrastructure and the like . But the president never stepped up . Indeed , without admitting it , he is in retreat from the original Simpson-Bowles proposal to lower the national debt as a percentage of gross domestic product . That is a huge setback for the country . The most pleasant surprise : In days leading up to the address , White House aides had been dropping broad hints to the press that a newly combative Obama would once again stick it to Republicans . Not an olive branch , reported Politico , but a cattle prod . Instead , Obama wisely chose to use tempered , constructive language in addressing the other side . That did n't change the atmosphere much in Washington -- but give the president credit . He did n't make it worse either . It would be good to hear the Republicans act in the same spirit . The best idea : Among the many proposals Obama set forth , his argument that America should provide quality preschool for every child deserves special attention . Research shows that on average , a low-income child enters kindergarten with a much smaller vocabulary than a high-income child and will likely never make up the gap . Yet one wondered as the president spoke : Whatever happened to the promise that every child would also have quality K-12 ? The worst idea : It is one thing for the federal government to intervene in early public education because the system is so deeply in need of reform . But it is another thing entirely to follow the president 's notion that the federal government should begin regulating colleges and universities to ensure they are providing good education at affordable prices . Yes , schools must keep tighter control over tuition increases and provide more online courses at cheaper prices , but the last thing we need is for Washington to inject itself deeply into higher education . America has the best colleges and universities in the world ; they are a crown jewel . If they ai n't broke , Washington should n't try to fix them . What was left out : Obama insisted that his many spending proposals would n't add a dime to the deficits . That was risible . Of course , they will cost lots of money -- he just forgot to tell us the price tags and how he would pay for them . Rubio was n't much better : He said where Republicans wanted to go on issues , but he rarely told us how they would get there . For example , how exactly would they now overhaul Medicare ? And both men ducked conversations about some of our deeper , underlying problems . Case in point : The United States is undergoing a dramatic shift in childbearing so that half the children born to mothers under 30 are born out of wedlock . We know as well that a child born out of wedlock is more likely to experience poverty and lack an adequate education . We do n't need our political leaders to chastise single mothers -- they bear some of the toughest burdens in society -- but we do need our leaders to promote the values of marriage and to demand more responsible fatherhood . The president at least hinted at the problem , but neither man really wrestled with it . State of the Union addresses might have become boring for many , but they are important . Since Woodrow Wilson , they have been an annual ritual , giving the nation 's most powerful elected leader an opportunity to tell Congress and the country what faces us and what we must do as a people . This year 's address and its response seemed middling -- some great moments , some clunkers . Sadly , they did n't seem to move us forward . The State of the Union that does that is the one that will make the anthologies . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen : Significant moment of diversity in President Obama , Sen. Rubio Gergen : Best of Obama was a call for gun control ; the worst was failure to address deficit Neither one specified how his party would fund or handle certain issues , he says Gergen : Both ignored some deeper , underlying problems such as out-of-wedlock births
CNN  -- Authorities say a fellow inmate working in the kitchen of a Michigan jail tried to serve a poisoned apple to a serial stabbing suspect after the two had an altercation behind bars . Accused serial stabber Elias Abuelazam never took a bite , Genesee County Sheriff Robert Pickell said Thursday . But Andre Franklin , 34 , now faces a charge of attempted poisoning for the September incident . The tainted apple , sprayed with oven degreaser with "  poison components in it , " never made it out of the kitchen , Pickell said . "  We found out immediately , " he said but declined to say how guards learned what happened . Pickell said Franklin apparently targeted Abuelazam after the two "  had some words with each other . " Abuelazam is a suspect in 18 stabbings in Michigan , Virginia and Ohio . Five of the attacks were fatal , Genesee County prosecutor David Leyton has said . He has been charged with homicide in three of the five deaths and has been charged with six counts of assault with intent to commit murder . Abuelazam has pleaded not guilty and remains jailed awaiting trial . Pickell said Franklin had nearly completed all of his time for a simple assault charge and was a trustee : a nonviolent prisoner who qualified for jobs that could help reduce his sentence . But if convicted of attempted poisoning , Franklin could face up to 15 more years behind bars , Pickell said . He is in jail in lieu of $ 5,000 bail .	An apple is covered with oven degreaser , the sheriff says The inmate faces a charge of attempted poisoning The sheriff says accused serial stabber Elias Abuelazam never took a bite
Six tanks at the Hanford Nuclear Reservation in southeast Washington state are leaking radioactive waste , the governor said Friday , calling the news "  disturbing " even as he insisted there are "  no immediate health risks . " "  News of six leaking tanks at Hanford raises serious questions about integrity of all single tanks , " Gov. Jay Inslee said Friday afternoon on Twitter . Inslee said that he got the latest information about the site during a meeting in Washington with U.S. Energy Secretary Steven Chu . One week earlier , Chu called the governor to tell him that a single-shell tank in the same location was leaking liquids at a rate of 150 to 300 gallons per year . Believed to be the first to lose liquids since 2005 , that tank was built in the 1940s and can hold roughly 447,000 gallons of sludge , according to the governor 's office . "  Chu  told me today that his department did not adequately analyze data it had that would have shown the other tanks that are leaking , " Inslee said . The sprawling , 586-square mile Hanford site houses a total of 177 underground tanks full of radioactive sludge , of which 149 are single-shell tanks . On Friday , Inslee said there is "  still no current health risk " tied to the leaks . He made similar comments a week earlier , saying "  it would be quite some time before these leaks could breach groundwater or the Columbia River . " At the same time , the governor stressed that the problem must be addressed . "  This certainly raises serious questions about the integrity of all 149 single-shell tanks with radioactive liquid and sludge at Hanford , " he said Friday . Hard lessons for U.S. nuclear safety from Fukushima meltdown Hanford became a focal point of U.S. nuclear efforts beginning in 1943 , when aspects of the Manhattan Project were moved there . As local residents moved out , thousands of workers moved into the site where plutonium for use in atomic bombs was produced . Two bombs were dropped on Japan during the final days of World War II . The site -- about half the size of Rhode Island , in an area centered roughly 75 miles east of Yakima -- continued to buzz during the Cold War , with more plutonium production as well as the construction of several nuclear reactors . The last reactor shut down in 1987 , though a mammoth cleanup effort remained to address what state and federal authorities deemed the most contaminated site in the Western Hemisphere . Those efforts were bolstered by about $ 2 billion in federal stimulus funds authorized in several years ago . But decades of more work remain , which is why Washington 's governor said he feared that across-the-board budget cuts called the sequester -- which could take effect March 1 , unless Congress passes and President Barack Obama signs an alternative -- could negatively affect activity at the site . "  We need to be sure the federal government maintains its commitment and legal obligation to the cleanup of Hanford , " Inslee said . "  To see Hanford workers furloughed at the exact moment we have additional leakers out there is completely unacceptable . "	Last week , Washington 's governor said 1 tank at the Hanford nuclear site was leaking He now says 6 tanks are leaking radioactive waste , calling the news "  disturbing " The leaks pose "  no immediate health risks , " but do pose concerns , the governor says Hanford site is home to one of the world 's largest nuclear cleanup efforts
CNN  -- Al Qaeda is claiming responsibility for the destruction of a Syrian Army convoy in western Iraq last week that killed some 48 Syrians and nine Iraqi soldiers . The militant group released a statement on jihadist forums Monday . The group claims it intercepted the convoy while the Syrian troops were on their way to camps secretly provided by the Iraqi government . The militants said everyone in the convoy was killed . The attack has raised concerns that Syria 's civil war could spill over into Iraq . "  From the beginning , we have warned that some militant groups want to move the conflict in Syria to Iraq , " Ali al-Mussawi , an adviser to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , said last week . "  Militant groups are very active on the border areas between Iraq and Syria . " Al-Mussawi said that many of the Syrians killed in the ambush had earlier received medical treatment in Iraq . They were wounded during a battle at the Yaarabiya-Rabia border crossing . The point is called Rabia in Iraq ; Yaarabiya in Syria . Dozens of Syrian soldiers and officials took refuge in Iraq by surrendering to that country 's army on March 1 after rebels took over the Yaarabiya post , Iraqi security officials said . They added that the convoy had been headed from Rabia to the al-Waleed border crossing in Iraq 's Anbar province when it was attacked . The United Nations has estimated that about 70,000 people have been killed in Syria 's civil war , which began roughly two years ago .	The Al Qaeda claim appears on jihadist forums The Syrian convoy was ambushed by gunmen using roadside bombs and machine guns The violence raises concerns that Syria 's civil war could spill over into Iraq
